  it 's only two years and you learn by yourself ( i guess ) . 
  in my opinion , you 're way too harsh to yourself . 
  i would give up after two hours lol, 
  as a hobby ?!, 
  like , only when i have time kind of hobby ?!, 
  damn !, 
  i live in romania and i still struggle with the official language for like 19 years ( that 's all i 've got , i 'm sure i 'll struggle with it until the end of my life ) hahaha congratulations by the way !, 
  thanks , got it now , 
  for me is completely alien . 
  not chinese alien , at least i can hear a word here and there from japanese , but from chinese . . ( any dialect/language ) i ca n't get where one word starts and where its finished . 
  i wo n't even talk about the writing system . 
  it 's fascinating indeed though . 
  are you a native from japan or you learned the language ? 
  thank you !, 
  could be . 
  kei . . what ? 
  thanks !, 
  supposedly ... your opinion would be . . ? 
  mul\u021bumim !, 
  yet . 
  there there little ones !, 
  what the fuck is wrong with some people ? 
  they need war again , while staying comfy in their offices when children die ? 
  who 's the dead terrorists ? 
  not this again !!!, 
  god help us all !, 
  who ? 
  awww they 're so cute !!!, 
  i 'm officially in love now !, 
  that too, 
  you got my upvote , what else ?!, 
  i 'm impressed , in a bad way , by the indifference i see in some people here !, 
  it 's amazing . 
  makes me see the world in a different way , especially since , we here , should be a little more intelligent than most in our countries . 
  incredible !, 
  edit : i do n't talk about you . 
  fuck you !!!, 
  i 'll rather made my own clothes than buy from you ever !, 
  sometimes , i said that my count . 
  and unfortunately they 'll ( al-qaida , isis etc ) use this from now on . 
  inconceivable . . 
  yes , inconceivable !, 
  it 's way too close to home , in a way and i was very upset and emotionally hurt by it . 
  oh yes , you 're kinda right . . but this is not their first czar . 
  me and my mum looked at this two hours ago . 
  it 's just ... unspeakable !, 
  it 's just incredible how much destruction is there !, 
  i cried like a stupid idiot when i 've seen that girl out from the rubble on t.v. 
  oh god !, 
  they moved most of the banks headquarters and money in u.k. ^ ^ / s, 
  not so much imo . 
  praetorians killed the emperor sometimes , these guys are just something like an auxiliaries , fourth-hand thugs guard . 
  since all cee gypsies are * romanians * i say a french muslim must be french too . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ lol, 
  greece ?!, 
  hell , that aaa . . asss, 
  a lot of muslim nutters these days though . 
  he was more into * pussies * than dogs ? 
  this !, 
  damn !!!, 
  this is the best comment ever !, 
  i wish i 'd have money to give you at least three golds !, 
  not exactly the best moments to make fun of them imo . 
  not again !, 
  ^ ^ ^ / s le : they 're better than us , since my comment . 
  jaysus , people are so uptight sometimes . 
  up yours downvoter !, 
  resisting the czar !, 
  the * utopia * is long gone , now the new boyars are in charge . 
  like it was n't the same in the * utopia * times anyways . 
  that poster does n't know what she/he 's talking about . 
  he 's not wrong about russia though , but she/he extended it for all slavic people like an . . not so knowledgeable person . 
   slavic people in general . 
  that 's not only very wrong , it 's also offensive . 
  national guard my butt !!, 
  more like personal guard . 
  unfortunately i 'm not so optimistic , europe as a concept is not secured yet . 
  al areshian confirmed :p, 
  no , people were forced to stay inside them . 
  of course she is : ^ ), 
  it gets boring the way people do n't just downvote and leave us alone . 
  they can also kick your ... out of your ass too !, 
  i never said that . 
  i do n't think he said this either . 
  maybe my english is at fault and i ca n't understand him ... 
  wow , that 's a * little * work !, 
  upvotes ' on me , i worked a little to find any post you have here :p, 
  you know what i mean . 
  if you need a confirmation : yes , i talked about controlled borders . 
  vanilla & milk ... and a burger after lol fuck you too , by the way !, 
  since when this poster ** ever ** accused * west * for anything ?!, 
  we are part of the west now , like it or not , and i think he just bitter-joked about our best guy in gymnastics going to u.s. . . before 1989 by the way !, 
  i had to read this to cry again !, 
  exactly . 
  austria , france and germany ... that 's all we need to go russian again . 
  are you insane ? 
  he can win for christ sake !, 
  he has a ( the . . le ) nose though !, 
  lepen voters are idiots by the way ... 
  what a shocking decision !,
