  e : i forgot about lithuania . ^ ^ ^ sorry !, 
  a joker like myself ca n't do that . 
  i belive you . 
  : ^ ) e : anyway it was a joke related to my answer to the czech redditor . 
  look up . 
  oh sweet poland !, 
  never disappointing . ^ / s thank you  disclaimer : this is a joke !!!, 
  god !, 
  czech cool too ?!, 
  damn !, 
  seems like i ca n't annoy anyone today . 
  i wonder if czech and polish redditors will be so cool when they 'll read the title . 
  edit : italy cool confirmed . 
  finland * stronker * than the netherlands . 
  italy eastern european country confirmed . 
  he had indeed i reckon that . 
  yes but they 're present all over romania while we are strictly in the west ( and a bit in sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld ) . 
  : cool name , arnold  and btw i 've read some of your blog since half a year now . 
  it 's a nice blog . 
  lol, 
  trump ca n't wait your arse ! '', 
  i 'm protestant . 
  what you 're talking about are those ( american breed ) new-protestant and they 're all over romania not only where i live . 
  me : `` but you really need to do it on my head all the time mate ? '', 
  one who really stink http://imgur.com/7msmbrc with love from romania . 
  honestly . 
  it was a damn joke . 
  and no , i think eu is filled with crap but i rather take that crap than far-right/far-left crap any day of the week and twice sunday . 
  i do n't care about brexit btw , do your thing and we 'll do our thing . 
  we really do n't have to be * `` enemies '' * for a pic . 
  nay my friend . 
  he 's a toddler in this game and most of us do n't even heard about him . 
  soros instead ... lolol, 
  nah , canadians are forgivable since they 're not exactly ` muricans . ^ / s  disclaimer : this was a joke !, 
  a poor one ( that 's for our british friends ) . 
  it 's not the first time when i see that . 
  i guess it 's because of preconceptions . 
  do n't worry , all of us have them . 
  and yes , albania it is . 
  you confuse us with a country in our south-west . 
  we do n't even have a border with that country . 
  balkans ... 
  since when we 're bankrupt ? 
  sorry but i 've thought you talked about my pic in op . 
  my bad , not a native english speaker . 
  and change lad with lass since there 's not only men here . 
  just like we became turks after some hundred years of being ottoman vassals . 
  very !, 
  only if it 's / r/europe members genitals . 
  otherwise not even noah and his ark will help us . 
  i 'm very sorry if i offended you but we 're used to say worse things about our own politicians . 
  unfortunately i did n't knew i 'd make people butthurt . 
  tl : dr he 's a politician , politicians shat on us all the time , are we forbidden to do the same ? 
   edit : okay , instant downvoted . 
  it start to smell like czech fish fingers ... hmmmm, 
  i had to google to see who 's that guy . 
  thank you !, 
  but i 'm here since more than 2 years . 
  ( 0 . o ) you just said `` is gay your ( kinda ) frog ? '' . 
  nope , i 'm not gay and i 'm terrified by frogs . 
  ewww ... we have lot 's of those in our parliament . 
  it really started to be a little embarrassing . 
  sometimes broken toilets do that . 
  ^ ^ hmmm ^ ^ ^ hmmmm, 
  thank you !, 
  have one too , my simpleton brother . 
  : ^ p e : aaand i got some even for this joke . 
  incredible !, 
  a toilet get that from us while farage did that on us . 
  big difference . 
  looks like they are . 
  lol, 
  what do you expect from a 19 years old country girl from eastern europe 's butthole ? 
  jokes with albert einstein and his theories ?!, 
  it was more of a joke about / r/europe 's trend with `` toilet of ... '' than your country or that guy . 
  and we have a winner !, 
  i 'm sorry but this is about toilets not about farage . 
  look in the comments . 
  not to mention the deluge of downvotes lol, 
  okay thanks . 
  what can i do ? 
  simple uneducated eastern european from romania . 
  just on mr farage 's taste ( too bad i 'm not a group of men though ) . 
  yes it is . 
  for some they represent the eu dictatorship and for others they ca n't `` propose legislation '' . 
  when you 're hated by both then you surely did a good thing . 
  not to mention that my last post was sarcastic . 
  but it is . 
  if you look better the pic of this toilet is taken in eu parliament which is the epitome of democracy . 
  dodon is a puppet for the moment . 
  and yeah , i think he want to do that and i 'll be surprised if he would n't successfully do it since most of moldovan citizens are politically illiterate and incredibly brainwashed ( no offence for moldovan redditors but that 's how it is there and that 's how it is here in romania too ... fortunately less than in moldova ) . 
  damn !, 
  i did n't knew about this pic . 
  i 'm less than that . 
  i 'm a woman ... oh the horror . 
  there were mosquitoes too with , billions, 
  really ?!, 
  it 's just a joke . 
  they can put something like `` toilets of europe . 
  eu '' put junker 's pic there and i 'd laugh .
