  it 's not money btw , 
  europe from the past is nothing like europe from today . 
  america from the past ( the one who kept its word ) it 's nothing like america from today either . 
  we already have that . 
  so has estonia by the way , maybe mr trump should learn that too . 
   eastern flank kinda has it . 
  not too much the guys in the west but they are n't threatened by nobody and have nukes ( france ) ... britain has 2 % too . 
  it was a long way from i trust you entirely until here ... and i 'm not yet anti-eu since you 're the only ones who can save us from the gutter we are in . 
  but we expected more help and you gave us only words in brussels . 
  in case of war we gon na expect same and that 's not enough for us unfortunately . 
  and it looks like your country 's interests are n't here anymore . 
  at least for the moment . 
  the soviet union has indeed colapsed but instead of a , more or less , predictable country ... a new russian empire emerged and you have no idea how untrustworthy and dangerous it can be . 
  i never said always . 
  they barely have troops here . 
  it 's their word which protected us not their money or army !, 
  you said many times that you should just get your troops from europe . 
  i 'm mostly a lurker here on / r/europe and i read lot 's of posts . 
  that 's how you learn you know , 
  a eu army will be here . 
  a italian , german , french etc will or will not . 
  i rather trust the non-eu british army or the polish one better than those you mentioned unfortunately . 
  no problem , i guess we 'll just see what to do in the future . 
  but i guess i wo n't take your word for granted since i already know your stance since one year already . 
  are we talking about nato here or wwii ?!, 
  i 'm young too but not that young ... 
  that 's the problem . 
  after this statement we do n't know if we can trust you anymore and an alliance is based on trust first and foremost !, 
  to be honest you 're the only normal american in this thread . 
   even if i think you 're wrong . 
  his statement it will make us change our politics and america will lose from it big time on long run . 
  i want my country to stay as it is and be protected by our allies from any threat . 
  yeah right , it 's like we have the same power as us to force un in doing something . 
  what about iraq war , where we were a part too ? 
  european allies die in american wars !, 
  i doubt they will . 
  we are good in afghanistan and iraq but not on our own land for people in d.c. !, 
  it 's not our neighbour and keep in mind that we fought for you when you need us too . 
  it 's not about romania only but about the entire eastern flank of nato . 
  and his statement is exactly what our * friends * wanted . 
  germany and france are the least affected by what that guy said . 
  i did n't said it is ... for germany, 
  they did n't genocide our people . 
  were n't you americans for pragmatism ? 
  as a country romania did n't had any grudge with serbia but we help you and now some of them hate us . 
  we won their hate and lose your support !, 
  great deal eh ? 
  if nato is no thing and germany wo n't spend those money it will be no eu !, 
  no it was n't . 
  most of western balkans intervention was to keep russia away from that part of europe first ( thankfully we are in eu and nato for the same reason ) and for humanitarian reasons second . 
  european interest is n't exactly a thing even these days imo unfortunately . 
  i say that your defence secretary said it will moderate us help for its allies . 
  when us tell us to jump we ask how high but we also expect to be helped when we need help . 
  we are and were threatened since this country exists , you not knowing that does n't mean it is n't real . 
  my village is ten kilometres away from ukraine border by the way . 
  oh god . . not those memes again : '' ( (, 
  you really think that we would 've not accepted those people ?!, 
  be serious hahaha unfortunately that 's eu 's problem , they do n't know what 's next . 
  from 160k they become more than 1 million and that scared lot 's of people especially in the west . 
  we here do n't have problems with people from mena countries at all , most of us are fascinated by their look . . 
  i reckon that i live in the countryside tho . 
  the us diplomacy should talk to countries instead fucking an entire military organization who defended western world since before my parents were born only cuz one guy who 's prez now said that in his campaign . 
  you ca n't just disregard our dead soldiers just like that !, 
  not to mention our wounded and permanently crippled ones . 
  we fought for you there , we did n't asked anything but security from russia , as long as you are committed to us russia will not dare to touch our land . 
  that 's all !, 
  your word is enough for us to be safe . 
  what that guy said was stupid and dangerous for us and for america !, 
  v4 is only poland , czechia , slovakia and hungary !, 
  romania , bulgaria , croatia , estonia , latvia , lithuania are n't v4 . 
  yes , my country voted against the redistribution but since the vote was 24 against 4 we obeyed to that , now it 's not our problem that eu do n't redistribute those people , is n't it ? 
  e : what price ? 
  we are one of the most pro-eu country in eu . 
  not to mention that we do n't even cost you too much since our incompetent politicians do n't know how to use eu funds . 
  realistically can happen if eu could finally start to be a real union . 
  we have a common deffense pact do n't we ? 
  that core thing you said earlier would make us peasants to gravitate farther from you and closer to other poles of power and that would n't make you stronger or make your life easier . 
  so what you say is that we better suck up americans instead trust our own eu . 
  thanks , it 's something many people here will take for granted . 
  on the russian we 'll suck up last tho but we will if needed . 
  okay . 
  this comment is absolutely stupid . 
  no offence for you as a person but ... 
  really ?!, 
  e : thanks for your fast downvote . 
  no i did n't . 
  look at my other comments . 
  that would be crap if eu is attacked by our friends from the east . 
  your core eu will do nothing for us the peasants from the periphery , no ? 
  without nato we in the east are kinda effe 'd and if our cousins in the eu wo n't step up their presence here we need to rethink out stance too . 
  i guess a new alliance between ourselves and lot 's of money thrown into military instead developed . 
  us defence secretary . 
  oh , you mean the brits . 
  e : was n't british pm who insisted for a bombardment over belgrade ? 
  at least that 's what i 've read . 
  sorry if i 'm wrong but i was only almost 2yo back then lolol :d, 
  we are since the statement is about all the nato organization and we are in it . 
  not to mention that a change in american politics asks for a immediate response here if we want to survive as a country . 
  plus we are a eu member and we have russia on our back door and they also slowly started crawling in our media with their fake crap . 
  in afghanistan and even iraq ?
