  but yes , let 's not have stupid arguments and agree to disagree \u263a, 
  well , from what you said i understand one thing - italian employers do n't pay their taxes . 
  the romanian , polish , hungarian , lithuanian , latvian , bulgarian etc etc etc etc employee does n't pay taxes by itself but by its employer . 
  and you did offended not only me , i have a cousin who lives and work and will have a half spanish kid ( in november ) and a spaniard as a husband and she did n't prostitute herself and she built a restaurant in a city in galicia with money from romania ( mostly from her parents ) . 
  not to mention that my boyfriend is from bundoran ; donegal ; rep of ireland and i absolutely did n't prostitute myself to be with him !, 
  i 'm romanian citizen yes . 
  my ethnicity is not romanian but in these matters i 'm more romanian than romanians themselves . 
  tl ; dr : yes , your comment was more than offensive ... for me . 
  dunno about other people though \u263a, 
  i tried my best master were did you lived and in what century sir ? 
  that 's horrible my phone 's ( from it i 'm talking to you now ) performances must 've been alien to you back then master . 
  it was only once , in the early 90s . 
  a gypsy community in a village used to live `` on the back '' of hungarians and romanians in the village ( aka stealing ) and some of them thought of themselves as `` big shots '' baza\u021bi ( aka thugs ) ... one night one of this thugs killed a romanian boy with a knife , that night lots of romanians and hungarians from that village revolted and burned the gypsy neighborhood and killed some people there . 
  it was one time and before i was born . 
  gadjo dilo much my friend, 
  k\u00f6sz\u00f6n\u00f6m sz\u00e9pen \u263a i got that since in the last half of your post and the tl ; dr you said it but i felt the need to answer regardless 25 years too late ? 
  if for me , at 19 next month and a female , is n't too soon neither 25 years more than ... is n't for you !, 
  to broke your knee like me at least  . 
  yes , i think is the best forum in the world and you can find almost anything here . 
  what was the number one thing ? 
  this guy was in oltenia or b\u0103r\u0103gan lolol, 
  pogroms ?!?!? 
  in romania and hungary ?!?!, 
  in wwii maybe . 
  thank you !, 
  damn , swedish is so nicely translated in english . 
  on topic now . 
  romanian gov did n't blocked eu money 's for roma , they were n't capable to access eu money for all of us since most of them were incompetent and now they 're afraid to sign anything because they could end up in jail if something is not right . 
  roma ngo 's are one of the most corrupt organizations on the face of the earth and they had to access those money , through the gov of course . 
  google `` paun voicu scandal '' and enjoy the reading through google translation , keep in mind that `` ciori '' in romanian means not only crows but could be worse than the n word in the u.s. 
  thanks again for the link !, 
  all of them , only the roma , only minorities ... are badly treated ? 
  in your opinion of course . 
  i 'm sorry to say this and i might offend you but this is one big pile of s #it in a very short statement . 
  cheers, 
  that user is from alba !, 
  look at the flair . 
  a serious source for your last statement would n't hurt . 
  * you 'll be able to order a meal if you 're staying in a town at least , not in a forest with your bike . 
  * bears could be a problem , yes . 
  * buy fuel only from omv , lukoil , mol , rompetrol etc not from some shabby no name gas station and you 'll be okay . 
  * not a virgin anymore , but i did n't had any problems with his highness when i was one * try kolozsv\u00e1r , is easier for me lol * transf\u0103g\u0103r\u0103\u015fan and transalpina . 
  both . 
  * gold beach , more like the golden beach resort is in bulgaria not here . 
  for the rest , i 'd say trying northern transylvania ( my homeland ) would n't hurt . 
  we have traditions and free strong p\u00e1linka . 
  after you 're sick of castles try us too . 
  * fuck those roads and fuck you too and fuck your motorcycle !, 
  i broke my leg and destroyed my motorcycle two weeks ago the last part ( the one with all those f. . king ) was a joke !, 
  thanks for your answers , i 've learned some new things and i will remember about them next time i 'll go full butthurt about things i know nothing about \u263a, 
  it was n't only mine 's . 
  just like you boys had your penis to penis rub in your childhood . 
  do n't lie !, 
  same thing as here . 
  no mountain fortresses though . . ^ ^ / s, 
  looks like you 're very knowledgeable about our region hahaha i did touched a vagina though , never a joint . 
  we do n't have something like that here ( baptist extremist that is ) . 
  most of us are reformed church followers . 
  what a hell a romanian like you does in our lands ? 
  i call this map bullshit . 
  edited . 
  everyone under 30 ?!, 
  where do you live , dristor ?!, 
  the only time i 've seen somebody smoking weed was last year in a trip we had in albania and that guy was my brother . 
  having this in mind , i 've never in my life seen how illegal drugs looks like . . or i think i did n't !, 
  looking forward for bombs in my village now !, 
  hell , looking forward for anyone stupid enough to blow itself up in the middle of nowhere ( according to allah and us state department of course ) aka eastern europe lolololo ... 
  open list ? 
  he pardoned more people ? 
  how can `` one '' say one fought against corruption and what kind of measures `` one '' can use and even if we know all these measures , if that second one is guilty ( of corruption ) but fought against other corrupt people , is he/she spared of punishment only for it ? 
  almost same thing , even worse imo because this is political interference into judicial system and should be punishable in any normal country . 
  which was duda 's reason ( as in written reason for pardoning , if that 's something in polish law ) ? 
  and he 'll win the next election ( according to your statement ) !, 
  sometimes i think most people are idiots and citizens should pass exams before being able to vote . 
  sometimes ... 
  he was in prison and duda pardoned him ?!, 
  i 'm my opinion , something like that would be political suicide in romania . 
  i upvote it . 
  maybe because i kinda know the situation in romania ( not too much about your district though ) . 
  hai slovenia , awesome guy . 
  can be very close these days . 
  media and . . not that i care since i do it myself when i 'm alone . 
  nothing shameful in it . 
  i do n't understand . 
  masturbation ? 
  what tedious thing ? 
  we lose , go on with your down votes . 
  like i care . 
  nonsensical ? 
  what you talking about ? 
  please god !!!, 
  yes . 
  slovenia rulz by the way . . no matter what !, 
  relevant ? 
  i could revive your 20yo in anything alive and heterosexual now !, 
  it was a goal but i 'm scared to even post it . 
  sloveeeeeeenia . . oh god, 
  my fav 's playing like romania against italy :( why luckily ? 
  you live there ? 
  atleeeeticooo god what a. .
