  put some cuffed politicians in there and it will be perfect !, 
  yes , too bad we ca n't just all get along and be just humans . 
  i feel like a female john lennon now hehe : ^ d, 
  well , turkey is not an option and it will never be . 
  unless erdo does n't do something completely and disastrously moronic and not even then . 
  you 're way too powerful for anyone to take any piece of land from you without your approval . 
  thank you !, 
  your comment is an eye opening one !, 
  thanks for the links !, 
  okay . . now that 's horrible, 
  you are into much porn : ^ ) ), 
  always for my god and emperor :p, 
  thank you !, 
  it was a very interesting reading . 
  as a matter of fact i 'm hungarian , by ethnicity and romanian by citizenship . 
  i 'm loyal to my country though ... that 's why i do n't have a hungarian flair . 
  i never said about turkish land ... 
  i said only that they need a country . 
  in syria . . 
  i did n't want to say it myself . .  ) unfortunately you 're spot on !, 
  recognized as a country . . by u.n. ??!, 
  til, 
  my friend , i 'm a minority in my country myself but at least my minority has a country to back us up if ... 
  they have none . 
  i do n't think turkey should give them any land . . but at least let them have that rojava ( or whatever the name is ) since it 's not in turkey anyways !, 
  you know ... a little benevolence could give you so much in return . 
  my 2 liras , 
  finally , someone who pay attention , 
  they have nothing until u.n. recognition . 
  i 'm not a big fan of their ideology my friend , i just think they need a country like anyone . 
  that 's all !, 
  unfortunately it worked against your people 's future : /, 
  so . . they 're just stupid ?!, 
  i hear you . . but they still need a country , no matter how small . 
  a place where you can call it home . 
  everyone needs that !, 
  a people that big needs a land of their own . 
  i 'm not a fan of pkk or ypg i just think they need a country . 
  i 'm very sorry if i made you think otherwise !, 
  they are 40 or 30 million people for god sake , a small piece of land is n't too much !, 
  as long as they stop bombing other ppl of course . 
  i think they should have their country in syria . 
  blood is already spend so . . my two leis : ^ ) ), 
  not only that . . you 're way too smart for your ... . . and i 'm jealous !!, 
  but as a god i guess it 's okay :p, 
  of course you know that too . . 
  i wonder what you do n't know !, 
  is pkk the same as ypg ?!, 
  and to be honest . . they are a people so they need a country . 
  imo bombing others is not the way to do it though !, 
  e : i was instantly downvoted ... 
  hahaha, 
  he 's from where i live so he was n't upset . . 
  i hope  ) you should n't pay for sex !!, 
  and they fought because they were told to do so . . ours and theirs . 
  we were stupid unfortunately : /, 
  just wait for december : /, 
  that 's horrible then . 
  you have a civil war there ?!, 
  e : what did i said ? 
  great ... that 's exactly what everybody needs now : /, 
  in syria ? 
  what part of the word `` bully '' is hard to understand ? 
  what was the reason to go into romania and poland before wwii ? 
  it was a reason to enter there only because they were almost defeated ? 
  i know bulgaria was n't on the eastern front . 
  and i know about the jewish people in bulgaria too . 
  it was the same here . . and i suspect in most of europe not conquered by ss . . but i think it 's time to forget some things !, 
  if putin would let us :d, 
  it was a war for survival for both of us . . they won and put us to the corner for more than 50 years !, 
  that 's all !, 
  e : unfortunately we feel the * corner * even today . . : /, 
  this !, 
  freedom had spoken !, 
  and that was a reason or ... ?!? 
  sorry then  peace !, 
  i 'm with you on this . 
  that 's not nice , 
  closely related ^ / s  ), 
  the historical center in timi\u015foara is mostly owned by . . some people hated in sweden ... * cough * * cough * ... not refugees by the way !, 
  they fought because that 's what their leadership told them to do and they were forced to do that . 
  imo my county was n't in romania back then  do you want to know about what romanian soldiers and maniu guards did in some places . . ? 
  let 's just forget and forgive the past and hate those who deserves to be hated today . 
   edit : i 've upvoting you and you down me , nice !, 
  you should know sz\u00e9kely 's better since you live close to those counties  i 'm not them . . remember where i live :d, 
  they where soldiers . . mostly peasants who died for nothing and did n't knew better !, 
  same as our soldiers . 
  edit : downvoting is n't nice : ^ ) they are as much heroes as our own heroes !, 
  but i did . . :d stay here dear , we have fun . . lol, 
  internet-wise my friend  ), 
  everyone here respect their heroism . . not so much their behavior , but we did worse in their country so ... 
  they were victims too , just like us !, 
  you should love me . . damn : ^ d, 
  they are ... especially with those historical buildings and their * owners * , 
  that 's worse . . 
  i like those nuts better : dd, 
  that feeling when you live in romania while you 're not romanian and your family name means croatian and you 're not croatian hahahahaha :d, 
  that 's chernobyl and north-eastern wind fault . 
  otherwise we would n't think about that ^ / s, 
  it 's kinda true , we are n't exactly homophillic in the nw .
