  can wait to see how much you 'll talk about `` syrian '' garbage pikers and whatever . . 
  you send a picture with that girl picking whatever , doing menial jobs hanging her phd in her mouth , then i 'll believe you !, 
  i know many of us do that , but do n't bring me this scheiz tho !, 
  she 's not . 
  or at least she is as much french as i am romanian . 
  that 's what we do n't get it , how can someone who is , like you said , tunisian can be french ? 
  i 'm born and raised in one of the most romanian region of transylvania and i 'm still magyar . 
  okay , it was your day !, 
  fu means fuck you , by the way . 
  lololololol :d of course you do n't care ...  very late edit : la multi ani !!!, 
  she 's european or not ? 
  she 's french or not ? 
  i do n't care about tunisia and kabyles . 
  sorry for those who still play video games though , 
  what is european ? 
  isabelle adjani is european ? 
  lots of you are ... night and day not like us but we 're still the not so much european and we must be ... ... ... ... . sick of it . 
  like your people they did n't . 
  fortunately for those who downgraded your post ... 
  some of them are n't , some are . 
  just like lots of us . 
  said that upside down indonesia / s, 
  okay , i still think i 'm better than you !, 
  because i never said anything wrong about you . 
  canadian mod in europe . . oh , you guys did enough for . . we 's so . 
  america - western europe ? 
  no `` ski 's '' where she lives , but of course ignorance is bliss there . . in the `` civilised world '', 
  i kinda think they very much knew those things !, 
  yes . 
  we probably will pardon that , 
  do n't disappoint me . . albanians never get drunk !, 
  lolol :d some of you guys , really like to . . well , be like our own men , if you know what i mean !, 
  as you know , islam is nothing . . here . 
  language ( what 's wrong with your language ? 
  ) , culture ( what 's wrong with my kind of culture ? 
  ) , we usually write in latin !, 
  no , i do n't think they did !, 
  what 's wrong with that country ? 
  muslims ? 
  rom\u00e2nia does that !, 
  not quite , you did n't have 400 of nothing !, 
  lots of you guys like that !, 
  then we are not europeans !, 
  like it or not , we are related !, 
  what we gon na do with bosnian ppl and albanians ? 
  germans . . ;p, 
  they were here , so . . !, 
  oa\u0219 . 
  what ?!, 
  i barely mentioned where i am , i just asked you to look at me flair so you see where i am !, 
  i never ever t. . 
  wait a minute !, 
  you make fun . . 
  unfortunately for you is transylvania and we usually burn people , those southerners will probably put something in your behind  and what i 've said is not appropriate because . . ? 
  look at me flair mate !, 
  it 's absolutely normal !, 
  i do that too !, 
  :d dunno why you downvote my comment , i absolutely did n't said anything outside of the op 's !, 
  at least you read what i said , 
  sad ? 
  she should have throw a beer in his face and . . spit `` italian style '' in his open mouth !, 
  just like we do . 
  spot on !, 
  how much east you lived ? 
  it 's still is , if your leader gon na try some normal thinking !, 
  and brits . . well they can do whatever they want !, 
  but you ca n't , believe it or not , your country is our leader and you better start believing that you can be a leader ... and start carrying about your idiotic subjects !, 
  yeah , he successfully united some eastern european countries with u.s. army . 
  many in the west are kinda . . meh, 
  imagine how much joy cutting your neighbors heads can bring in your soul . . as a minority , i just ca n't wait this !, 
  :d edit : especially since i live in the axes capital of the most romanian part of transylvania !, 
  oh , i know !, 
  but he 's europe too !, 
  suleiman the magnificent is europe too , even if vienna does n't think it 's appropriate , 
  yeah , we try to become europeans . . since we are `` eastern '' europeans . 
  civilised maybe ? 
  whatever you wanted to say there , sounds like crap lolol, 
  hopefully !, 
  from what i 've seen , we kinda like to continue the old `` great time '' . 
  peter the great . . * cough * * cough *, 
  hey , i 'm 18 too  8 july , best day of life . . for me !, 
  hmmm , so i 'm older :d lol, 
  i climbed one . . dunno the name but i 'll ask my `` idiot '' brother if you 're interested . 
  i was completely deforested . 
  happy birthday ( anniversary ? ), 
   i will definitely go to dures , cos i 'm a huge history geek !, 
  i think i would better stay with my man . 
  he was sooo gorgeous ... . and he did n't want anything ... ' . . and he was just ... absolutely gorgeous !, 
  could be , but i do n't think it 's true . 
  those people are migrants by definition , you can stop them if you kill them . . if not , bosnian gypsies were `` repatriated '' in romania from france few years ago ... how much is the difference between them and normal working ppl from here ? 
  are you even noticed those ? 
  maybe cuz i said you 're a ... oh c'mon , i have no idea how to talk to you anymore . . 
  i 'm absolutely sure they are and since you have access to the internet ( like most swedes ) you can see where the money goes !, 
  by the way , not every roma looking human being is from here . 
  well . . you are a kid , playing video games and whatever !, 
  i do n't know , please do n't think bad about me !!!, 
  yeah , your knowledge about anything stopped by `` since you guys got into schengen '' ... !, 
  we are not in schengen !, 
  the beggars could be from lots of countries , not only romania !, 
  use wikipedia for god/allah sake ( you see , i 'm more ... ) lolol,
