  i better not said which team i like , did n't i ? 
  i still look up for atletico ( they play like hungary/romania in france : / ) . 
  bet your arse on it and you 'll win !, 
  my love is atletico . 
  yours ? 
  it 's genghisa and ... okay !, 
  i absolutely ca n't lower my glorious self more ... 
  `` we are better than you '' kind of things . 
  read as `` our sistem is the best '' . 
  i think . 
  i 'll say the lawmaker should probably study their lawmaking capacities before making a law . 
  make a scientific study , see the results , make the announcement and ban the product after a time frame an athlete ( not a normal human like me and you ) can eliminate all the substance from its sistem . 
  for your last sentence i rather not answer your xenophobic ass . 
  it very much fits because you ca n't judge a person for something illegal today but legal when the person did the today 's illegal action . 
  not in a democratic sistem you can . 
  what 's a frank dodd , tl ; dr ? 
  i do n't know about her/him or any other european but for me this thing does n't sound good at all , long-term or short . . not good . 
  of course it matters , if you ( the lawmaker ) decide that from next year prostitution is illegal in your country and i was a prostitute last year , would you put me in jail for what i 've did when prostitution was n't illegal ?!, 
  no , i 'm not educated in law since i 'm still in highschool and my `` job '' is to ask questions so i learn more . 
  it 's `` the star '' since in romanian `` stea '' means star . 
  and you 're welcome \u263a, 
  as a future ( hopefully ) lawyer i have to ask questions so i ask again , if this substance obviously was n't subjected to a study so we all know how much time it takes to leave a human person 's sistem how do we know if a person took it before or after the said substance became illegal ? 
  i 'm a motorcyclist , a sad one these days since i broke my leg and i did n't took anything either ... 
  did n't i told your angolan sorry ass that it 's mongolia for me ? 
  kids these days . 
  very le : it was a joke / u/andy18cruz i hope you did n't thought otherwise !!!, 
  shut your mouth tu brazilian ^ ^ / s, 
  the stars of ee !, 
  last time i was in moldova men were n't lacking at all . 
  two stars in eastern europe , both having the name `` star '' lol, 
  yes . 
  to answer your question , meldonium is a music ( melodies ) based drug used for strengthen the user performances by having a rhythm . 
  american evil imperialists banned this substance because they lack rhythm , the only exception is their oppresed black people who are oppresed and have rhythm and are unwelcome there because of it . 
  true story ^ ^ / s le : for anybody who 's vision is less than very good , that little `` s '' there means it 's a joke . 
  if it was n't obvious enough . 
  so , you 're downvoting a joke . 
  if i took it before the rules were . . well , rules ? 
  why should i be punished for something i did if that thing/action was n't illegal when i did it but is illegal today ? 
  by the way , i do n't campaign for anything since the person admitted not to pay attention on an email and continued to use the product ( you know what i 'm talking about ) . 
  i 'm not sure but you may have a point here ... 
  so it was that stupid cow 's fault ?!, 
  strange how kids minds work, 
  please do tell were in my country exactly was that communist uprising cos i have a hard time to find it . 
  i always associate cucumbers with this story for some reason , not sure why though . 
  or maybe that 's how my very young mind back then imagined a penis . . hmm , even if i was absolutely sure a man penis was exactly like a cow tits . 
  no joke !, 
  and all of us hoped you were the only ones and look at us now . 
  you have our permission to laugh of us ... not that you ruskies need any permission to do anything ^ ^ / s, 
  you do n't say , i 'd take raw guano with a big spoon if it 'll help me with my exams late edit : adding the big spoon . 
  please ... !!!, 
  the last sentence was completely unnecessary since i 'm very much aware about that scandal . 
  i was only 7yo back then but it 's still stuck in my memory . . so embarrassing !, 
  be serious , how do you think all these `` superhuman '' performances were achieved ? 
  thank you !, 
  well that change things a bit . 
  yes i know , and many/most take yet unbanned substances to improve their performances . 
  the thing is , if / u/vortalwombat is right , nobody knows how long it takes for the substance to leave the sistem . 
  oh , i know about sharapova . 
  it broke my heart when i heard about her banning since she 's one of my favorite tenniswomen ever, 
  they knew ? 
  a source would n't hurt here . 
  i do n't say you 're wrong , it 's genuine curiosity . 
  and i say it 's a good defense . 
  if they ban a substance they should first make a research about that substance . 
  what if i took something in my childhood that will never leave my sistem ? 
  i do n't say something like that exist since i 'm not a chemist but i think it 's something we should look into more deeply when we ban athletes and destroy their sport lives . 
  if i took it before it was banned , should n't i be absolved ? 
  was n't meldonium banned in january ? 
  if a person took it in december could it be found positive in may ? 
  true , it 's so nice outside today, 
  lot 's of stuff about britain can be confusing for an outsider, 
  hehehehe of course i am and i love your blood . . but we are billions though and we all begg . . for your `` precious '', 
  thanks , i write that post as a halfway tong-in-cheek less serious kind of question and look likes in fact i was quite right assuming . . lol :d, 
  no surprise here . 
  people prone to hate other people only because they 're different gon na fall in those `` traps '' . 
  apologising ?!, 
  when russia apologised for anything ever ?!?!, 
  le : i 'd like to know where i was wrong , at least if i 'm downvoted i think i should know where i was wrong so i can better myself . 
  why this party is for england and wales only ?!, 
  there 's a green party of scotland and northern ireland ? 
  we 're britisher than brits themselves lolol anyhow , i was quite disappointed by my result , i expected better : / congrats for your 83 % , i 'm jealous now hahaha, 
  what the . . 
  same here , must be the air we share or something hahaha . 
  looks like i 'm more british than you . 
  i 've 79 % as proof :p, 
  i passed , 79 % . 
  i 'm british now lol, 
  nah , but we expect some shit in canada, 
  must be eu 's fault . 
  like always ... 
  thank god !, 
  `` look my pious people how those kafirs treat us , even if we sacrificed ourselves to feed and . . ( bhla bhla . . ) these people they do n't want . 
  why dontcha turn your mouths at my ass instead europe 's one ... '' etc etc and etcetera . 
  i guess something like that that 's a joke by the way . 
  did you saw lunik 9 in kosice , slovakia ? 
  not any gypsy you see on the streets are from `` romania and to a lesser extent bulgaria '' , 
  yes , if they 're from my country . 
  you should be fine though : /, 
  northern white . . 
  what ?!,
