  true that . . less expenses too !, 
   greatest turkey of all time ftfy : ^ d, 
  so i 'll get big prices ?!, 
  my dad would be absolutely ... happy !, 
  hahahahaha and you should never say that !!!!!, 
  you 'll be alive \u015fi gata . . like where i live !, 
  american ? 
  september is out since i have something else more important to do then ... what about april ? 
  edit : if you 're still alive ?!, 
  you 're aware that except gender i have nothing in common with that polish woman ? 
  thank you and i 'll come !, 
  i 'm born and raised in the countryside in eastern europe , i 'm used with little !, 
  i 'll like to experience something else , so yeah . . a town full of europeans is n't exactly what i want . 
  but what if we 'll meet , you gon na hate me like you seem to hate `` usatians and europeans '' ? 
  i 'm not exactly a * rich * * bitch * made in california !, 
  you see ... ?!, 
  extremely is a little too much though , 
  erdo the magnificent ? 
  are you still there ? 
  they lack siberia though . . 
  in the woods . . and in a hole in the ground !, 
  okay now that 's completely stupid !, 
  ceau\u0219escu 2 and the 1 did n't end well !, 
  neither his wife !, 
  eu should investigate some of these s. . t too !, 
  lot of us sell weapons there and some of us more destructive than others !, 
  i do n't want you guys to think we are like some of your neighbours and only say things in spanish to make fun of you !, 
  that 's why i edited my answer !, 
   edit : seriously , we 're very different than them !, 
  you need visa to travel here ?!? 
   full of . . europeans but we are europeans ... you 're in our sub my friend hahahaha :d, 
  thanks . . , 
  : ^ d edit : i hope i did n't offended you / u/cidslayer by saying that !, 
  i only tried to be polite in your language !, 
  that 's not expensive at all !, 
  good !!!!, 
  saved !, 
  i 'll use that too then . 
  and as long a polish diver is alive those caves will be discovered !, 
  you live in the north ? 
   i rather skip the bus . . a train is better than a bus !, 
  how much is a flight from mc to baja ? 
  cost wise . 
  both our countries have * ahem * a looooooong road ahead too . 
  and today 's rwanda is nothing like 1994 rwanda . 
  it 's safer , for someone like me at least , in the southern states or in the northern ones ? 
  how easy is to get to baja from mexico city airport ? 
  not only , i like everything new . . and not dangerous :d i 'd love a no-go zones map/name of places . . even people if that 's a thing there . 
  you always are . . in our hearts , 
  look . . somebody who knows nothing about rwanda !, 
  i do n't want to sound patronising or something but i lived there and is nothing how we image here !, 
  edit : / u/serendipityquest i 'm sorry if my answer was a little insulting for you !, 
  \u2661 \u2661 \u2661 but i lived there for five years and i think i know better how that country is . 
  i 'm sorry if i offended you , it was n't my intention . 
  i wo n't come alone since i 'm not exactly old enough to do that ( in my dad 's opinion at least ) . 
  do you think it 's dangerous though ? 
  damn , that look awesome !, 
  i googled and it looks great !, 
  i never even heard about that particular place in mexico !, 
  incredible and i thought i know anything and everything ... :d night life and rape/molestation/kidnapping statistics are okay ? 
  i will !, 
  it does n't sound bad , the prices i mean . . 
  oh . . i did n't knew that . 
  all i know about acapulco is from old american movies . 
  it 's a must then , 
  looks like that 's it , carmen !, 
  reasonable prices are a must for me though since i 'm not exactly a mon\u00e9gasque  edit : that 's a person who live in monaco or monte carlo !, 
  acapulco i should avoid because prices or ... ?!, 
  i do n't swim , it 's a shame but i 'm very afraid of deep water !, 
  if its deeper than my knees i 'm out of it like a mouse !!!, 
  guadalajara , that 's the first thing i learn/heard about mexico in the kindergarten i think . . haha :d, 
  read my answer again . . 
  i edit-it five times i think !, 
  lol, 
  i will remember you that when i 'll be there and i 'll be in need of an advice !, 
   edit : lots of words ... since my previous message sounded insulting and it was n't my intention to insult you whatsoever !, 
  i 'm okay with that , i 'm used to sleep on the ground , i did that many times while holidaying ... safety and a little privacy is my first concern though . 
  wow all those trees and vegetation is on another level even for what i have here and i live in a very rural and forested area !!!, 
  i think he say it in regards to safety though , 
  be careful because i very much might do that !, 
  i saved your comment . 
  500 per day is out of the question since i 'm not half slovenian and half american . . if you know what i mean hehe !, 
  and the 20 must be not so nice/safe ?!, 
  it is safe enough ? 
  that 's my primary concern , money and looks came on a far second place . 
  oh yeah , i 've heard about those butterflies . . they are gorgeous !!!, 
  do n't worry , we 're used with cold weather between october and april here haha :d this comment is saved for its many useful infos !, 
  thank you again !, 
  of course , but a median price would be appreciated . 
  thank you !, 
  somebody here said i should avoid xitilla though . 
  the deepest ones even !!, 
  incredible , but that 's how i thought !, 
  i like to visit isolated places , i think those places are cozy and safer than mainstream touristic areas . 
  and that peninsula is in my top ten places to visit ... my first is kamtchatka in eastern russia . 
  i know , i 'm strange haha :d, 
  how much is a room for two in playa carmen ? 
  per night in a reasonable place . 
  hahaha : ^ d, 
  meteorites and stuffs ^ / s : ^ d,
