  it 's not about me opinion , it 's about talking something and do exactly the opposite !, 
  i think even my grandpa will think that . 
  unfortunately my government , despite the no vote , it 's your government slave . 
  i do n't like this and i 'm a federalist !, 
  in our budget , sounds like a swearing word for us hahaha  i do n't think this is the most important thing , for the moment , it 's about not having what we see on tv on my village , more or less . 
  i live in a rural zone . 
  late edit : what 's more important is , how much we going to get and when the flow will stop . 
  to be honest i think that quota is a joke for us , but we should know what 's next !, 
  liberal ?!, 
  i 'm socialist for burgers sake : ^ d, 
  well , romania and bulgaria are in fact on the same level with western anatolia . 
  if you push farther south and east you 'll have a very great opinion about your grandma 's village , 
  gypsies can travel freely , it 's their right as eu citizens . 
  i was thinking about the same thing . . me and half of europe i think . 
  my opinion , dumb as it may be , is this : * send in eastern europe families , with children if possible . 
  * those men ( or women ) who flee the country should be deported back and sent to jail in the eastern european country they leave from . 
  children would be taken care by the state as long as they are in prison . 
  * their wellbeing services should be partially , at least , be provided by eu . 
  * their local language teachers payment should be considered as primordial by eu . 
  etc etc etc etc, 
  okay now , that 's insane :d, 
  never heard anybody saying that we should not pay our debts . 
  if there 's something a romanian , in my region , think is worse than death that 's having a debt to someone . 
  in romanian the word debt and duty is the same ( datorie ) by the way . 
  if it 's about corruption and justice system i think the b would be more than 70 % in romania . 
  saying , what you thought is a cussing , in romanian makes your statement even more not trustworthy . 
  if you 'd knew anything about romania you would know how to spell the most important romanian cuss correctly . 
  even i use it daily and i do n't have the necessary `` means '' to really use what i say . 
  of course he may be biased , many if not most of them would see him and his people as not worthy to live on this earth . 
  do you expect him to welcome them with bread and salt on a platter ? 
  we have social-democrats as the main party in the government . 
  what 's the name of this powerful far-right party in romania cuz i ca n't find it and since my ethnic background i have all the reasons to know about its existence !, 
  `` these countries '' again !, 
  look pal , in my country we do n't have skinheads like in your kind of countries and no f. . kin ' pegida !, 
  be a little humble will ya !, 
  i know i may be wrong but ... in many of `` these countries '' ( kinda high horsey ) parties like fn , ukip etc and politicians like wilders do n't even dream to have a presence on tv if they do n't do something absolutely stupid , not to mention a seat in parliament . 
  romania . 
  since when is romania responsible for any roma living in europe ?!, 
  this country has a population of 1.600.000 hungarians , does romania is responsible for any hungarian living in europe ? 
  i 'm sorry , but the only racist thing i see here is you denying romas the right to be roma . 
  why should they consider themselves romanians if they are not romanians ? 
  more , why should a roma from france , hungary , slovakia , spain etc should consider himself/herself french , hungarian , slovakian or spanish and not roma ? 
  bollocks , he never did that !, 
  am i insane , or you did that on some other comments too ? 
  do your best !, 
  really now , i believe your pain !, 
  are you insane mod ? 
  everything romanian must be bad , do n't you know ? 
  edit : no , i do n't want to edit !, 
  edit 2 : incredibil :d, 
  me too !, 
  believe it or not . 
  i know turkish people , their language looks nothing like romanian . 
  not even the structure or sound . 
  nothing !, 
  bulgarian was more similar than it . 
  i absolutely love this !, 
  i thought i could say what i like more , but i ca n't . . 
  i love all of it !, 
  almost ... 
  but their `` interpretation '' was awesome even for the little things i did n't quite like , 
  best thing i ever read !, 
  strange . 
  sh and tz from turkish ?!, 
  nah , ciorba is from turkish but not tz or sh !, 
  well ... 
  i usually do that , since all of you think that a woman ca n't be here . 
  please tell me , which of my sentence was xenophobic/fearful etc and i 'll erase it while apologize in a video on youtube !, 
  edit : i did n't downvote you , i was n't even here ( i know you did n't accused me about such things but ... ) , so have an upvote , 
  * i know hungarian , as a romanian citizen . 
  * i know romanian , as an ethnic hungarian . 
  * i know moldovan , since it 's basically romanian . 
  and i can even play with their accent , because is the easiest one :d . oltenia and muntenia on the other hand ... . 
  edit : i have no clue about anything slavic , unfortunately :( sometimes i can say `` that 's bulgarian '' or that 's `` czech or szlovak '' and i knew that `` birra '' is not polish . . :d, 
  it 's one of the variables . . a nice one ;p, 
  you see ? 
  ;d . looks like we 'll be on our way then , 
  listen woman , if you want safety you do n't throw stones at people who . . more or less , defend their country . 
  and you ai n't gon na feel so entitle to shit on an entire continent 's borders only cos your country ( if only ) is not safe !, 
  they 're being offered everything , not the benefits they want , but everything we can !, 
  if we keep them here , we are racist !, 
  if we bus them in the west , we are racist !, 
  if we do n't accept quotas , we are racist !, 
  what the hell you want from us ?!, 
  they wo n't make collapse anything , their extended family and kids would do that . 
  what you want from a country who barely is a country ? 
  to be like you ? 
  you are a superpower , we all are nothing !, 
  we would actually accept the quota , if there 's not about another quota in the next few months and another again etc etc etc etc and etc. . we need a `` safe '' leader , not some kind of `` i said that yesterday but today i think i 'm wrong , but i will probably pretend that i was right '' !, 
  do your job as a leader , or ... 
  if they say it then ... c'mon , how they even knew how people are ? 
  in romania , one of the most conservative country in europe , rural people said that `` of course we must welcome them , it 's not like we gon na let them on the streets '' . 
  but when you want to enter into my land like there 's no tomorrow i 'll probably put my boot up your ass in no time !, 
  i think i 'll try to convince my brother to check montenegro then . 
  we were on the way to albania , but a little detour wo n't be much . 
  can you send us to a link , 
  i 've seen it . 
  thank you , 
  and you really believe that ? 
  estonian society is barely estonian .
