  but what we see in the pics is anything but a normal neighbourhood and i doubt the owners paid something . 
  but it 's just my opinion , so take it with a big truck full of salt , 
  i guess it 's insulation . 
  i do n't know if it was made with eu money or not but i 'm inclined to belive it was the district money , since the mayor back then was a complete crook and he could n't steal eu money . 
  if it 's not built by bechtel . 
  otherwise is a very * sung * disaster of our time . 
  lol, 
  could be . 
  from what i know the rural part ( where i live ) was not exactly affected by the shortages at all since we grown our own food . 
  i do n't say it was n't bad but it 's hard for me to see anyone here , except a beggar or a drunkard/drug addict , buying a sandwich half eaten . 
  well , it 's good i was n't born back then i guess , 
  bought ?!, 
  with what money ? 
  and why did he stayed in a train station in romania ? 
  did n't he had a direct train to gdr ?!, 
  a neighbourhood in kosice ; slovakia . 
  if i say something i 'll be called `` maimu\u021b\u0103 care trebe s\u0103 se \u00eentoarc\u0103 \u00een mongolia '' by some of our * real * * romanian * redditors . 
  so i better shut my mouth and stay here . 
   if you do n't believe me , look in my post history and see the context in which i used the word * viteazule * . 
  painting the old ones works too . 
  lol, 
  that 's not possible outside . 
  he must be inside with the window open . 
  i 'm not the person to say if it 's true or not . 
  it 's an urban legend . 
  you were way better than us but not in the somalia kind of way . 
  countryside bulgarians today think of us as some sort of eritreea plus north korea . 
  not exactly what it is or what it was . 
  edit : romania from 2000 was way ahead poland of 1990 ... not 1980 . 
  he better rest and look at paralympics on t.v. !, 
  god forgive me for being mean !!!, 
  upvoted for sincerity !, 
  you 're a hero !, 
  why ? 
  your country does n't need to prove anything to anyone !, 
  we already know about it and learn about you in school !, 
  why so much inferiority complexes ? 
  try some real life walking there and then in ferentari . 
  i live closer to kosice by the way . 
  it 's not . 
  more like the fifth bucharest 's sector/district money . 
  not everything nice here is from you !, 
  so you admit that he 's a russian soldier ?!? 
  almost naked . !, 
  in the middle of the road in bucharest !, 
  that 's irresponsibly from its parents . 
  he should 've wear a shirt and a hat on that heat !, 
  politicians are n't exactly involved in it , they fight it hahaha some bureaucrats do all the job . 
  * the * * experts * if you know what i mean !, 
  buy paint !, 
  yeah right , since when eu money buy paint and clean up a gypsy neighbourhood ?!, 
  they build roads mostly !, 
  kinda true . 
  but it has lots of butthurt and inferiority complexes , dunno why tho !, 
  of course you did . 
  guys , you are better than us . 
  we got it !, 
  try some kosice lunik 9 and come back to me !, 
  you 'll be surprised that these ppl are n't exactly suicidal at all . 
  they are the most happy people in the world , you have them there too !, 
  yes . 
  in my county most german speaking ppl are swabians ( swabs ) . 
  i 'm magyar and romanian citizen and first and foremost o\u015feanc\u0103 * !, 
  yeah right , boring background ^ ^ / s hahaha :d * ) tara oasului/avassag, 
  and born/living in romania . 
  it really makes a big difference . 
  it 's like something else completely !, 
  i wonder how that playground looks now . . 
  at is core !, 
  thank god my country from back then was on the right side of history ! ^ ^ / s , 
  definitely bucharest or nearby . 
  police car . 
  very * tanned * and naked kid with an axe * ... . 
  * ) toy axe, 
  micky mouse , priest , last year ( ? ) ... 
  this guy 's talking about victor ponta !, 
  absolutely . 
  ottoman empire did n't interfere in our * business * too much , they were n't even allowed to settle here or build mosques or rule us directly . 
  on the other hand austrians just made us a province of their empire and start proselytizing catholicism again . 
  who would you prefer in this case ? 
  then i 'm the coolest , since i 'm both , 
  oh , the joy of minus 35 ... and wind !, 
  we have the temperatures but that wind is nothing you can mach with !, 
  korean winters are normal , even mild , winters . 
  try out winter , with all its wind first , 
  well . . : ^ ), 
  what ? 
  it 's on tnt . 
  polish/german confirmed, 
  i suggested that a polish man , not a pole , can be a victim of xenophobia in uk . 
  yes !, 
  absolutely lolol, 
  sorry ... something something ... upvoted . 
  yeah right . 
  not all muslims ... game does n't work in eastern europe . 
  it starts to be way to much already . 
  something something ... whataboutism ... something something . 
  ... just shut your mouth !, 
  poles are at fault now ? 
  you 'll get it in my village from girls .
