  yes , you 're right . 
  if she , or anybody else , would affect the verdict it would be of course very wrong and would deserve to be in the news . 
  until then , this case is just a stupid accusation not unlike the ones we see in tabloids around the world aka `` spoiled kid sue his nanny for not calling his dog sir '' kind of crap . 
  edit : what 's a little annoying , for me at least , is why does she even had to express her opinion about this . 
  it looks like she give it a go to a legal battle that she has no business with . 
  strange . 
  that 's incredible !, 
  never thought the situation is that bad . 
  it 's definitely a disgusting thing :'( i 'll never do that again !, 
  exactly . 
  unfortunately , from what i see this wo n't happen very soon . 
  on the other hand , if we 'll have a free trade agreement we should also have free movement of people , not only one sided freedom of people . 
  that would be bad for our businesses . 
  i disagree , in my case at least that 's not the case . 
  i do n't even have hungarian citizenship . 
  it 's just that we are what we are , hungarian in my case , and i think that if i 've lived in australia i would n't be something else . 
  oh and i live in satu mare  edit : kinda late reply , sorry !, 
  c'mon pops , your still young !, 
  wan na be my dad ? 
  i 'm in need of a cool dad cuz the one i have is colder than the iceberg who sank the titanic :d edit : sorry for the late reply !, 
  lol just saw this hahahahaha :d upvoted !, 
  kinda late , but the gesture counts , 
  in the 70s my mom was born , so i ca n't remember  oh , i 've seen that !, 
  it 's quite nice , really !, 
  some of us trying hard , you do n't giving a fuck ... ... 
  never heard ... sorry . 
  my ethnic background would n't afford me ... :'(, 
  if he participated i want him dead !, 
  in pain !, 
  i absolutely assume my comment and i guess your downvotes . 
  nah , i play handball not basketball , 
  yes , i know . 
  unfortunately anything similar will be probably put on eu 's shoulders ... cuz open borders . 
  trying to figure it out how to have fun staying indoors was my best guess for their hate . 
  but i think you 're more informed than me , about norwegian mind at least , 
  awww : * : *, 
  i did n't tried to get a visa , i 'm not old enough anyway . 
  my source is me , my dad works with un and i was in like ten or eleven us embassies until now . 
  for me it is !, 
  i need that flag and i 'll absolutely ... wait a minute , i wo n't do anything !, 
  : ^ d anyway , without the flag we 'll look like crap . 
  honestly . 
  or embassy workers having a percent of visa rejections . 
  not sure if i dig ya . 
  take a look at your flag . 
  it was a joke ab !, 
  slovakia has `` the euro '' and from what i know they were n't forced to do much . 
  i 'm amazed that you can confuse lenin with walter white having four eyes and two heads !, 
  and wings !, 
  i mean , you 're almost a drone for skanderbeg 's sake !, 
  that 's the red cross flag . 
  stop using those damn glasses / s :p, 
  `` fcuk '' everyone , that 's what europe is and we should n't abandon it only cuz we ca n't please everyone unanimously !, 
  that 's why we go down the drain as a concept . 
  do n't even dare to put your hands on him !, 
  he 's mine !!!, 
  that 's lenin , ya blind-ball !, 
  on years more likely . 
  latvian !, 
  he 's quite cute . 
  i 'll respectfully say hat down master !, 
  :d that guy is moldovan as much as me . 
  exactly this !, 
  could n't say it myself because of lack of english and cos i 'm in between . 
  but this !!, 
  extraordinary !, 
  you 're right !, 
  a young stalin . 
  reminds me about a king , yours or spanish ... ca n't remember !, 
  damn , that gypsy guy is like a spaniard king . 
  tatar is lenin hands down . 
  georgian , armenian and azerbaijani looks like some gypsies i know . 
  moldovan is nothing like a moldovan , except maybe the haircut , it was very fancy here . 
  isis ?!, 
  / s edit : forgot the / s, 
  damn , it could 've been such a success . 
  well , too bad i guess . 
  * i could 've been a mod there , being a woman and not from there and . . * stop dreaming !!, 
  give me your ... ... baggage !, 
  * `` second pair of gloves guys , got a smelly sock here '' !, 
  oh shut up , my bike does n't have wings and my father is n't the most generous in the world : /, 
  it 's me , or more richer one country is its citizens complain more ? 
  that guy/girl was into gypsy beggars and to one point i can understand him/her , they can be very annoying , but from here to condemn an entire country filled with different people than those annoying people , is a trump-long way !, 
  that 's because i 'm hungarian . 
  i 'm romanian citizen and , believe it or not , i quite love this country !, 
  but i am , ethnically speaking , hungarian . 
  from what i know , our country is n't poland . 
  we are a heterogeneous country with lots of ethnic minorities who identify themselves with something else than the official ethnicity . 
  if you 're kind enough to read my posting history you 'll see i do n't have any grudge against our country . 
  i know , 
  can they though ? 
  that 's because i 'm not romanian and trust me , there 's no passion in me when i say it . 
  i , and my extended family ( except two grandparents ) are n't even hungarian citizens . 
  plus one brother served in romanian army in iraq and afghanistan . 
  oh yeah , having russia only one village away from my house would be a thrill ... ... or thrilling . . :d edit : bulgaria ?!? 
  you 're into something funny there russia ? 
  no , really i did n't overreacted !, 
  i usually swear and say stupid things ( get banned from / r/europe etc etc etc and of course etc ) . 
  but you get me right about `` complaining '' hehehe . 
  no worries , it was only a joke !,
