  mama ta . 
  extraordinary what you can learn from slurs and swearing ... 
  okay , looks like you met my grandpa sometime in your life hahaha :d, 
  some day-to-day light ones . 
  i always wanted to know why the . . act . . must be performed on ice . 
  why not in the grass ? 
  one should always be grammatically correct when cussing :d, 
  well , your translation is somehow more `` politically correct '' than the real deal :d . `` go to your mom 's ** nt ... '' is closer to the literal translation . 
  even your username has a `` little '' slur in it by the way . 
  * dat * * manole * * is * * a * * perv * hehehe : ^ d, 
  looks like i was n't , 
  taking a walk in ... a forest ?!, 
  yup , parks alright . 
  i have a `` forest '' in my grandma garden , i learned to ride horses there . 
  she had some birds stolen by a fox some time ago . . oh please , i already see my fluffy and start to cry again ( create water for my fish ... my dad ) edit : got ta go , riding in prahova !, 
  wish me luck , 
  what do you feel ? 
  you feel what my aunt feels ? 
  she had a surgery one month ago and the doctor said she has cancer . 
  she feels so much pain that i ca n't even stay close to her bed for fear that i may hurt her . 
  her brother died in december by a brain tumor he get from an accident he had in 1996 . 
  my mum is their little sister and she has a heart condition i may have too . 
  so what 's wrong with you ? 
  no , i think i responded to the right person . 
  you better be careful , unless you want to be karma-killed you better distance yourself of your comment . 
  i have only one vote up and i already give it to you hahaha :d late edit : look at this comment , i barely said anything and the guys are all over me : ^ d, 
  i 'm always right , unfortunately nobody believes me . 
  : ^ p i believe , beside asking your parents , you should ask an md too . 
  by the way , i do n't want to know your age , but you 're close to my age somehow or younger ? 
  yes i know , ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ curious edit : do not answer if you do n't want to !, 
  how can it be better if you 'll be nothing ?!?!? 
  millions and millions of years of evolution scream in my body to stay alive no matter what !, 
  and i 'll be damned if i wo n't listen to that scream . 
  awww , thank you !, 
  i know you 're just being nice but it 's still a good feeling  my native language is hungarian but it 's okay , i still think i talk a better romanian than you : ^ d but , from what i 've heard , kidney transplant can be made between family members without a problem . 
  it 's not like all of you have the same problem . . 
  i mean , i 'd do that for me mum !, 
  what statement you can make by being dead ? 
  what help you can get when you 're dead ? 
  hope , hope that you ca n't get to touch brad pitt or hope you ca n't get a piece of bread ? 
  i do n't know about that . . movie i think ... but i 'm fairly sure we only live once and if we choose to die then . . that 's it !, 
  finish , over , nothing . . and even if we , somehow , prove something through our death , where 's the satisfaction of knowing that my death proved that something if i 'm dead ? 
  damn , hereditary is the word !, 
  unfortunately i have to use what i can , since english is far from my first language . 
  ca n't your family members have a transplant ? 
  i think kidney transplant is the easy one ( if easy is even possible in those situations ) . 
  do you have the same problem ? 
  do n't answer if you do n't want to !!, 
  what a stupid thing to do !, 
  embargoed products ? 
  good !, 
  confiscate all and send them to some orphanage or to a homeless shelter . 
  it 's food for jesus christ , not pirated dvd 's !, 
  yup , i absolutely do n't understand anything  well , usually european women do n't quite use guns lolol yes i got it , but why ? 
  only for ... what ? 
  to see how it is being dead ? 
  maybe there 's news for you but you wo n't see anything , you 'll be . . nothing . 
  damn polandball , i thought you 're polish :p, 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't properly answer . . but take that : ^ p, 
  yeah , with my luck i 'll definitely be able to be the first to do it , trust me . 
  few months ago i , willy nilly , shoot with my ex-boyfriend 's ... 
  pistol and instead of the bottle , i managed to hit a wall like 20 meters away and that plastic thing ricocheted directly in my right arm , nothing harmful but a very `` charming '' experience . 
  okay , i know what safety , chamber and hammer is ( more or less ) but i have no idea what sa means . 
  you did n't answer my question by the way , 
  it 's genetically inherited . 
  not sure if that 's the proper english term though . 
  my mum has a heart condition , so was her mum and i think i should be next in line ( but thankfully for the moment i 'm very healthy , according to my results ) . 
  what 's weird is that men in my family never had any kind of heart problems , only women . 
  if i 'd have the misfortune to even see a real gun today , i think i 'll manage somehow to shoot myself without even touch it . 
  so i 'll say `` by accident '' , 
  by accident or on purpose ? 
  ( o.o ), 
  i believe that guy just put a statement there for the lulz , he did n't said i 'm wrong about what i 've said , he did n't even showed up to say anything . 
  so i assumed that he tried to transform a tragedy in a cheap joke . 
  it 's not like bulgaria is some sort of roman empire and president kids are poisoned on regular basis . 
  it 's a cheap joke and yes , inappropriate , in this context . 
  anyway , i do n't think i have to lie and say `` i 'm sorry '' or even worse , delete my comment only because of downvotes , it does n't work this way . 
  may be , but i 'm here to defend it . . not like others . 
  thanks , feeling better ? 
  good , 
  oh c'mon , you must have a friend/neighbor who owns at least a dog  unfortunately my cat ( fluffy ... 
  yes i know , very original lol ) died last year of old ages but i have two little dogs . 
  the cat was much more dangerous than both of them combined . . 
  i would n't say we 're the only ones who have forests and wildlife ( proper ones that is ) , i think poland came quite close . . they have the wild european buffalo , which was extinct here due to extensive hunting and few decades ago we `` imported '' some from them . 
  we call those `` forests '' parks , kids play there , 
  we have quite a bit . 
  you 'll be able to make your way with a bicycle here too , but not sure how long the bicycle would resist ... or you  we have bears and wolves , so a motorcycle it 's safer , 
  thanks , i hope it 'll be the same in the future . 
  yeah . 
  looks like i do n't care about your opinion either , downvote me and move on . 
  thank you for insulting me . 
  i 'll stop here our conversation . 
  oh , i believe you but i still prefer to ride through a forest and put some dirt on me than being stuck in a train . 
  not to mention that i can stop wherever and whenever i want . 
  i like that a little more than conventional comfort , makes me feel alive  must be my barbaric eastern european blood , 
  i feel is quite inappropriate to make fun about someone 's death in any way or form . 
  the guy did n't answer , did n't defended his statement in any way so i assume i was right . 
  anyway , i think we stretched this way too much , you have your opinion and i have mine . 
  i was already downvoted to death , so looks like most people here share your opinion , be happy and let 's move on . 
  maybe , but it 's mine .
