  usually when you 're sober . 
  : ^ ) i do n't know what europe wants but we 're here ^ ^ / s :d, 
  good moonshine also and we are n't exactly racist against black people . 
  so . . come here , after april though hahaha, 
  i honestly think those laws are the best thing we have . 
  of course there 's some random police officer who kills his wife and other people in a moment of insanity but that 's so rare that it made news for months here . 
  this !, 
  he would n't be killed that 's sure . 
  approaching him with your weapon pointed on his head and talking to him until you got the gun out of his hand ( i had to ask my brothers about that ) . 
  but my country does n't have things like that almost at all since firearms are almost non-existent here except for hunters . 
  not to mention the law is ** extremely ** unfriendly with firearms owners and i 'm very happy about that . 
  do n't worry , enough fog and snow for your likeliness here . 
  you do n't know what you 're losing lolol : ^ ), 
  banat is one of the most warm region of our country . 
  try our east please !, 
   i 'm from transylvania and i 'm way darker than a guy ( i 'm a woman ) from 200 km se from me . 
  oh and i 'm amazed by some guys whiteness obsession since i always equalised it with my grandpa 's pigs . 
  maybe you need more eyes . 
  okay , romania is big and more diverse than serbia . 
  i 'm hungarian for example and a guy/girl from tulcea can be russian , someone from suceava can be polish and someone from b\u00e1nat can be dark like a serbian , 
  if you 're hunch is that i 'm making fun of you then you 're spot on !, 
  its a sub named like that ?!, 
  i just made it up and i did n't even write it correctly . 
  if you do n't see you 're darker than us for sure , since your dark serbian skin has a purpose . . to smuggle oil !, 
  exactly what i 've said . 
  read my last post again my angel , 
  in my country i 'll never be accepted or even acceptable for nationalists . 
  we drink wine/p \u00e1link\u00e1 / \u021buic\u0103 / beer . . not rakia !, 
  and beer is the first here unfortunately . 
  i like lemon juice though . 
  in my experience serbs in banat are darker than night . 
  moldovan on the other hand are lighter than us . 
  how 's that for a / r/imwhiterthayou top thread ? 
  from a eu point of view jupp\u00e9 would be a better choice , no ? 
  do not forget about those drinks please !!!, 
  no politics is allowed on christmas here , in oa\u015f they talk only about money . 
  `` craciun in tara oasului '' on youtube . 
  i 'm on mobile and it would be a real pain in the butt to put a link here unfortunately . 
  :( for me is the best part of the winter !, 
  i do n't like our cold weather and snow and two pair of pants and the impossibility to wear a short skirt ... lolol , but i love christmas traditions here though , 
  and you forgot the drinking ! ^ / s :, 
  then i 'm not that stupid after all : ^ ), 
  oh absolutely , i forgot about that since the varangian guard is so famous and took the spotlight in my mind and made me forget about the east . 
  # colectiv ( #colectiv ) not sure if that hashtag was at `` fault '' but an entire government resigned after the protests . 
  unfortunately i think the same party will be back after the elections we 'll have in december . 
  yes !, 
  and i 'd like it to keep it this way !, 
  otherwise we have two choices , eu army ( which i would n't mind ) or russia . . and we usually choose wrong !, 
  today we are all for you . . keeping us this way is your new politicians problem . 
  varangians is the byzantine name . 
  political first , otherwise my country would n't be in a economic union with germany . 
  and economical , since they get cheaper labour and a big market . 
  so both !, 
  and we did n't get another devastating war . . maybe that 's what we want in the end , to avoid another devastating war !, 
  oh yeah . . we have it !, 
  we definitely should be there since people blocked some shopping sites these days lolol, 
  you have it in bulgaria too ? 
  i thought is a romanian site . . 
  i 'm so stupid lololol, 
  nope , we steal money not cars or car plates . . those are your neighbours : ^ p it 's the extraterestrial language who `` triggered '' me hahahaha :d, 
  tell her that women older than 45 are targeted here if they do n't have a shaved head . 
  hahahaha : ^ d you can play this game too !, 
  tell your mum that france and spain is not in syria or iraq hahaha : dd edit : i have a feeling that your mum only want you to change your hair colour and tried to scare you . 
  i had some pink in my hair a few months ago and nobody even noticed . . damn them lol and i live in a very rural area in romania , so you 'll defo gon na be alright in another places too . 
  i guess you 'll stick out if your hair is florescent or something like that haha : ^ p, 
  yes , in the distant future since i 'm only 19 . 
  but i have a boyfriend since 2 years already . 
  until is not very late - * ish * , 
  european federation yes , worldwide one . . maybe in 300 years if we 're lucky . 
  but we were n't exactly lucky in the last few centuries . 
  let 's make a european state first . 
  the global thingy can wait for our grandchildren . 
  i find my kin here . . too bad he/she 's a hypocrite : ^ p, 
  so an american flair asked a question here and after less than two hours erased its name and let us idiots to argue . 
  yes . 
  since my country had so many colonies and we did so much damage to them so we absolutely must feel guilty and since of course we did that ( i personally killed 20 africans and 10 native americans 200 years ago with my fake nails ) we absolutely feel some sort of white guilt . ^ / s i guess it 's the other way around here . 
  i 'm not american and i think our politicians are n't extreme at all . 
  nationalism in romania is n't exactly a mainstream thing , be it romanian or hungarian nationalism . 
  the only fertility campaigns i 've seen around here was in agriculture . 
  alabama here we are hahaha, 
  basque country in the 80 's hmmm, 
  c'mon do n't be so `` far-right '' : ^ p edit : downvoted for a joke . . 
  here ?!? 
  shame on you / r/askeurope : ^ p, 
  i 'm not sure what you mean there . 
  i 'm not from poland and i base my knowledge on what i read in english language press . 
  i 'm not a right winger either , so if you think i 'm a sympathizer you 're wrong . 
  a far-right for me here is a guy who want to kill me since i 'm a minority here . 
  so , yeah if that party is prone to do that then they 're touching the far-right spectrum . 
  you maybe mean it but you did n't say it . 
   do n't worry , i 'm not fond on them either especially since their anti-abortion policies . 
  edit : one word . 
  yes , but not `` far-right '' like the op said . 
  he/she asked about a european equivalent not a eu one . 
  and i do n't think pis in poland is far-right , they 're just populist . 
  some parts of the balkans are very similar . 
  nope !, 
  around here we know the difference . 
  you had an empire who tried to kill us first and end up to be better than russians in the end and arabs make shaorma for us today . . or what it 's called in english . 
  1979 and 2010 .
