  i mean , if you do n't eat it you 're muslim , if you eat it you 're catholic . . up to the wall with you !, 
  really ?!, 
  like in , you live and behave according to their ideology and they pay you ?!, 
  no work or something useful involved ? 
  nothing at all ? 
  how much do they pay , approximately ? 
  if you know of course . 
  i do n't like jails . . 
  i 'll stay here , no turkey for me :d, 
  fuck you klaus iohannis !!!, 
  yes , yes that guy !, 
  he can lick my feet and ass ... fuck his parents too ( if they 're alive ) and i think he 's just a double faced idiot !!!!, 
  i think arresting me for saying that would make me a star here . 
  and make our president unemployed :d, 
  damn , this is n't funny :( edit : that feeling when you try to make fun of them and instead you start ... to really like people . 
  late edit : fuck you !, 
  i 'm sad now : /, 
  georgians do that every century . 
  i did n't expect them to do that now , but . . sooner the better . 
  sometimes , english guys usually , makes a foul of itself . 
  liking german shit ... lovely ! #, 
  . . given a damn about bosnia !, 
  poland 's bishop say thanks !, 
  do n't dare to ... 
  like always in britain :p, 
  those workers could bring literacy in your life . 
  just a thought mate !, 
  huh ?!, 
  i usually use witchcraft !, 
  pregnancy lacking here !, 
  i do n't named anyone . 
  they both deserve 20 plus years !, 
  for treason !, 
  but i met one of them , and he 's just omg i did n't had sex with the guy , but he 's just wow ... like he knows what to say . 
  c'mon , he 's not that bad . . the other one ( like always i forgot his name ) is ugly like shit !, 
  okay , i 'm sisterir from sisland !, 
  and i do n't downvote posts . 
  and you are ... who ? 
  great , i like dead people . 
  i 'm not your bro !, 
  i 'm a woman , jesus christ !, 
  ok , i 'm your bro !, 
  looks like i need to say that in / e/europe . 
  i 'm not germanic , so no scat for me . 
  blood is enough . 
  did you taste it ? 
  is so nice !, 
  no , i 'm just eastern european . 
  and poor like crap according to most of , ... anybody in the west . 
  damn , can i have your blood ... 
  i 'm se poor and i really need your blood gim me please !!, 
  we are here , shit on us !, 
  late disclaimer : it was a joke about romanians/eastern europeans . 
  i always do bad jokes , but fuck me if it 's something about beggars and gypsies here without a norse ( or nordic ) poster shitting on my country and its racism . 
   north europeans  west europeans shame on you , racist . 
  we did that too . 
  i always wonder why we always are left out , even in genocide ... jesus christ !, 
  send them straight to jail !!!!, 
  the cameraman has the double sentence ... edit : looks like people here need a good sarcasm injection !, 
  it 's just logic . 
  i do n't think i was wrong , call me when you find it . 
   of course , but that 's not the point ( look at op ) , merkel is n't exactly at fault for this . 
  and yes , we may know about `` romanians '' , unfortunately only we know and educated people there . 
  sorry , this topic was erased !, 
  all three of us , i include op here , would be called immigrants in . . let 's say norway , if we 'll choose to move there . 
  we should leave hypocritical thinking back in the gutter and put ourselves instead those guys.they do n't end up here willingly ( nor do they have a reason to stay here ) and if you 'll be interested enough you will give us some video from galati refugees center . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm quite against this , but i do n't like hypocrisy . 
  edit : here as in romania/eastern europe . 
  or women ... ?!?!, 
  now you might want to say your prayers !!, 
  :d it 's not about how fat or `` how woman '' you are , it 's about not being afraid to say that the perpetrators are arabs !, 
  or gypsy , white , brown , chinese whatever . 
  norwegian youths ... what 's that ? 
  i 'm sorry , it was a typo . 
  of course , scientific research in gynecology sites is what i wanted to say . 
  so . . : hmmmm you 're into gynecology research !, 
  you . . researcher ; d, 
  i say eastern european policemen are more than needed in some of nwe countries . 
  at least they know who 's who and they 're not exactly afraid to say it or go after them . 
  disclaimer : the young ones are better , old ones will probably take bribes and look away . 
  okay , let 's get real !, 
  since when does merkel has a saying in norway 's immigration policies ? 
  i tried to some articles with and without adblock and the same thing happened , until i found out that , thanks to my low speed on mobile , ( thank you telekom ) i can just stop loading on the moment the page shows up but before that idiotic ad covers it . 
  oh god , how i feel you 're pain !, 
  mobile pain at least , computer-wise i 'm fine thanks to speed i do n't feel it , but my phone really hate those things . 
  edit : formatting, 
  hmmmm you 're into porn , you perv !, 
  / s i like surveys , `` how you can increase your balls '' or something like that is something i enjoy a lot :d mongoloids ?!, 
  grrrr !!!!!, 
  i dig ya , i mean those news/entertainment/whatever providers needs to earn a living too . 
  hell , even reddit had some things like that . 
  but , just like / u/berzelus said , having an article blocked by some stupid ad is very annoying , you can see some parts of the letters but you have to click on the up-left x and the annoying go away , so you click that x and instead of the article you 'll get a free journey through like 3-4 sites . 
  and when you try to load the same article again you 'll get same shit . 
  i really wanted to read that article damn it :d, 
  no they should not , since they were born here just like me . 
  i 'm hungarian , but i do n't asked for hungarian citizenship , nobody from my family did , since we do n't live there and we should n't have a right to impose our views ( by voting ) on hungarian citizens who actually live there . 
  anyway , i was a bitch and i apologize . 
  you 're a very nice person ( at least from what you wrote here you seem to be ) and i should 've been nicer to you . 
  peace ? 
  since when technicalities , like the one you mentioned , can stop nationalism ?!,
