  european prisons ?!, 
  i think our prisons will turn a jihadist in a * girl * . 
  late edit : our as in romanian prisons . 
  go away ... ^ ^ please !!!!!!!!, 
  great . . : /, 
  pure occidental race i salute you from the east . 
  even a brit can understand `` salut '' !, 
  i expected more from you  ), 
  that 's why i was scared by your reply i wo n't say anything wrong about him . . 
  i do n't want to see him turning green, 
  i see it !, 
  you were a mod here no ? 
  i hate this local news thing !!!!!!, 
  i want a referendum !, 
  ras\u0103 pur\u0103 occidental\u0103 te salut din est !, 
  absolutamente western\u00e1o m\u00e1ster ra\u00e7a . . ao : ^ d, 
  green ?!, 
  it looks yellow to me :d, 
  from there everything and everyone in europe is eastern hahaha :d, 
  yes , my english is horrendous . . especially when i 'm slightly mad . 
  : '' ( ( and you scared me , i thought you 're a mod who want to ban me ... again !, 
  well , they kinda are eastern . ^ / s, 
  well , in my opinion i did . 
  you should see how i talk about russians or austrians lolololololol late edit : historically wise of course !, 
  what borders ?!, 
  greece 's one ? 
  i do n't think is normal . . to say that here !, 
  we love who ? 
  and take it from me too _ | _ edit : why was this guy so downvoted ? 
  e2 : here my upvote !, 
  i bet my arse is not very sunny there !, 
  stealing piece of . .  ), 
  i 'll do that if i could but unfortunately i 'm not exactly able : /, 
  i do n't want to go there though . . 
  your gov is your businesses , 
  and that 's a shame !, 
  just like in . . an unambiguous country . . were regular drunkards/kids who killed your people only cus they talk polish ? 
  but they were turkish and your country has a little problem !, 
  `` it happens . . so whatever ! '', 
  it 's not an answer , it 's laziness and that 's an easy way to go full populist and racist/xenophobic in no time . 
  it 's a dangerous way of thinking . 
  kinda similar with your ppl in . . another country . 
  not normal whatsoever !!, 
  accident ?!? 
  if you punch my face only to rape me . . is a sexual attack . 
  if you punch my face only because i 'm from romania is a statement that you hate us all and you 'll punch us all in the face just as you did to me !, 
  i do n't understand polish :( and i 'm on a mobile !, 
  le : i do n't understand polish , it 's so hard to understand ? 
  i think we have that too here !, 
  an orthodox or catholic could say it better than me though . 
  e : i was born as a calvinist . 
  c'mon my friend , do i really have to say it again ? 
  you 're way too smart to see it by yourself . 
  i never knew that !, 
  those guys were n't only genocidal erdo kissarse !, 
  i knew you kinda keep your promise around here . . not like russians and austrians . . but this is hmmmm !, 
   e1 : and of course i was downvoted !, 
  because ... ? 
  e2 : because i talked good about turks or because i talked bad about austrians/russians ? 
  or maybe both ? 
  no , they are normal students . 
  in cluj too , lot 's of french and belgians . 
  bread for dead/death ... sound romanian as f. . . !, 
  taking away life is evil by default but , again , killing/hurting somebody only because he/she 's a different ethnicity/skin colour . . etc than you is a statement that you are able and wishful to kill/hurt them all !, 
  e : what 's so hard to understand ? 
  you definitely defended them by defending your country , which was n't even accused by me . . you also tried to put me down with what my fellow countrymen did/do against a minority . 
  it 's worse than that because killing me because i have money is a murder but killing me because i 'm not from your ethnic group is a statement that you 'll be able to kill anyone who 's a member of my ethnic group . 
  it is just as simple my friend . 
  huh ? 
  0 . o it 's the first on the front page !, 
  bravo guys !!, 
  they still stoped a terrorist no ? 
  having people attacked only becase of their ethnicity and being against that is n't idealistic . . it 's normality !, 
  you ca n't defend them only because they are polish , damn ... you should spit on them . . just as we spit on brits who kill your people there ( and i should n't say that . . ) !, 
  racially motivated attacks are something we should show to the world , maybe we will change our mentalities somehow . 
  if not we 're stupid and deserve our fate !, 
  there is n't but i do n't see racially motivated attacks here . 
  those were present in the '90s not today . 
  my two grosze !? 
  is n't correct ? 
  i always get this things wrong : /, 
  then answer me where did you see a racially motivated crime/attack in my country please !, 
  i 'm done with somebody who only downvote me ( while i upvote ) and throw with straws in me while answering nothing . 
  i 'm very sorry , but i wo n't answer !, 
  edit : i had to answer . . sorry !, 
  since when it was a racial/ethnic hate crime here , acording to that site ?!, 
  and why would you feel bad about these , you did n't do it yourself no ? 
  you should show it and make the best you can to erase such things from your society not feel ashamed and pull it under the rug . 
  my opinion . 
  i did n't posted this and i never heard such things happening in my country either . 
  not yet though but i 'm sure a romanian redditor will put such thing here instantly if it 's gon na happen . 
  e : words, 
  it may be it but it should be shown because the victim is from another country and racism should always be called and shunned from our societies !, 
  my two zloti , 
  nobody 's going to like this !, 
  as always some ppl must relate this with what 's happening with polish ppl in britain . 
  dracula is polish confirmed !, 
  i 'm not from there but . . yes !, 
  it 's a meme about `` invest in eastern poland '' who could fit very well here too . 
  invest in eastern romania ?!,
