  i know more than my face can tell : ^ ), 
  i always knew it , 
  damn be those romanians and bulgarians and the rest of eastern europeans . . 
  some french and dutch users were so against us two days ago . 
  yes they were . 
  look up for czech and hungarian history and re-catholicisation . 
  we were less than pagans for them , at least muslims were n't heretics lol, 
  i know and i also did n't mentioned georgia . 
  look up please !, 
  / u/professionalwil gon na disagree . 
  it is n't their church split between russian and local orthodox church ? 
  moldova has two orthodox churches , romanian and . . of course . . russian . 
  i do n't like that term since my protestant ancestors had some . . `` little problems '' with them . 
  it does unfortunately !, 
  we gon na have visa free for 3 or max 5 days ^ / s : '' ( ( le : looks like we had it for 3 or max 5 hours hahahahahahaha, 
  okay chechnia is muslim . . but ukraine is orthodox like him !, 
  what holy war is that ?!, 
  holy money from kremlin made him do that ? 
  christian jihad ?!? 
  that 's something vlad-iii would approve : ^ d e : it 's vlad dracula not vlad putin lolol, 
  yes it is :p, 
  it 's impossible to even imagine that , no ? 
  hahahaha, 
  we 'll send our `` dark '' legions first !, 
  after they 'll `` clean '' you of all that diabetes we will show up too !, 
  prepare your neck, 
  why do n't you learn already . . we should shut up because they give us money !!!, 
  which we barely use but that 's another thing . 
  it 's a surprise for a westerner to see us even blinking not to mention speak something . . because we are all criminals who invade and s #it like that !, 
  awwww do n't talk like that about her : ^ ), 
  well of course . . 
  i guess it 's a 10yo who knows more than me somewhere in the world . 
  unfortunately for her/him !, 
  ohhhh ... ... you got caught hahahahahahaha sorry !!, 
  you see , it 's not hard to be nice , 
  experience is something you 'll achieve by practice . 
  do you think i was a thrill for my first boyfriend ?!, 
  i was scared and i cry my ass out after . . imagine how he felt lol if she did n't like it she should have told you what to do and if you knew you 're not very . . knowledgeable . . you should have ask her what she like !, 
  sex is about trusting the other one and not only to satisfy a need . 
  signatures are crap . 
  my grandma took my and her id 's to a neighbour who works for pmp . 
  so i signed for basescu 's party even if i was n't even there . 
  i wonder how many of those 3 million where just like me . 
  i 'm 19yo now and i got more experience than a 21 old boy anyways/s :p, 
  something similar do n't know about him , 
  how many times you had sex with women who were n't your wives ?!, 
  you know what you say here then !, 
  good  i rather have an enemy alive hahahaha of course i 'd like to not be called slut either , 
  i should ask him that ? 
  i do n't want to be his advocate !, 
  : / he 's an idiot but i really do n't want to be the reason for his ban !, 
  i wo n't do that for him !, 
  but . . forgive him !, 
  please !, 
  i wo n't put my ass for him though !, 
  but i do n't need another one who call me names in pms, 
  i was n't the one who down you !, 
  i 'm sorry if you think so !, 
  of course , but i did n't say that . 
  please read my comments !, 
  he will hate me for that for sure !, 
  : '' ( i really do n't want to be hated . 
  5 or 6 years dif is normal for a young girl like i was . 
  i mean this is normal here !, 
  a guy who knows shit about sex would put his thing in my butt instead ... and even if i 'll guide him he would hurt me for sure !, 
  noooooo not because of me !!!, 
  please !!!!!!!!, 
  i think you 're underestimating rural and urban ( semi-rural , you know what i mean ) people stupidity . 
  they can be influenced by a good propaganda like you would n't belive . 
  they can even be educated like that haha and that 's not exclusive for our country either . 
  i 'm a slut for having sex ?!? 
  then 99 % of humanity is composed by sluts as well !, 
  le : i 'm sorry for the last words . 
  i deleted them . 
  massive protests on facebook maybe . 
  not on the streets !, 
  not like they were after colectiv at least . 
  this is one the best quote in human history !, 
  it should be put as a banner here and in any governmental office !, 
  too bad i do n't afford to give you gold for making me aware of this thing !, 
  i find them funny since it was only a sincere declaration about my intimate life  e : dear downvoter , if you think a virgin girl like i was would have let a 15-17yo virgin idiot to have sex with me back then you 're insane !, 
  i would rather have it with a 40yo who knows what the hell he does than with a kid my age who would hurt me !, 
  they are n't in eu !, 
  some euroskeptic did n't do his homework today hehehe  for some people even the bad weather is eu fault !, 
  since i was 16 and a half when i had sex first time and the boy was 21 i can only approve this !, 
  : ^ ) e : ewww first downie in less than 5 mins hahaha, 
  i doubt a 40yo woman with a normal sexual life will find a 14yo boy sexually satisfying , hell neither i would at my age . 
  but that 's just me since probably they 're enough women in the world who would . 
  who knows ? 
  you 'll be okay at least until june ... hahaha, 
  you 'll be okay at least until may . 
  do n't worry !, 
  i 'm here !, 
  next ... 
  who ?!, 
  you ca n't even beat us at handball ... ^ / s :d it was a joke mister mod at / r/handball please do n't ban me ... 
  gib me your bloo . . aaa bribe !!!, 
  get in trouble ... ?!, 
  be serious :d, 
  here is how we give a damn about europe and about brexit ! / s what 's wrong with you ?
