  may he rot in hell , raped by one hundred elephants a day ... or be reborn as a woman in saudi , lack of vodka would be harsher than the elephants for that guy . 
  we have one too , let 's unite , 
  there 's people who try to speak dutch ?!, 
  jesus christ , do n't you know we are forbidden to speak anything with an accident ... aaaa i mean accent !, 
  asking about money is also forbidden !, 
  no worries , we 'll get something from / u/bezbojnicul . 
  he knows !, 
  gim me one at least !, 
  historically speaking , yeah . 
  they are still warm . 
  no , i 'm not crazy !, 
  he was put down by the veterinarian . 
  i fed a pup though !, 
  really ? 
  we know about polish and belarusian ones , the local community was hunted down by aristocracy . 
  everything is `` more '' in russia !, 
  they are more in everything ( pants excepting ) !, 
  those were alive in 1400 , not in -100.000 !, 
  i put my hands on one !, 
  they are absolutely awesome !, 
  unfortunately is not exactly unusual . 
  if i do n't have the same option with most of men here , i 'm `` against them '' . 
  i 'm not , i just expressed my opinion !, 
  see , a woman ca n't do that yet . 
  not even here . 
  it happens here , look at how i 've said is grounded under so many downvotes without any kind of explanation . 
  at least you talk to me  absolutely , i think segregation is wrong . 
  yes , they should do that . 
  but as i 've said , i 'm not german and fck me if i 'll say my opinion from now on , look at my op and how many downvotes i got . 
  maybe women opinions are repressed , by too much male `` feminism '' , sometimes . 
  you really should n't do that !, 
  oh i love this . 
  and i want it !!!!, 
  damn , i really miss my cat !, 
  :'( i wo n't write about anything if it 's not controversial , or funny , so i 'm a sitting duck there , 
  can be , sometimes segregation is better than me killing a 15 yo boy :d unfortunately it kinda does . 
  our rights are n't exactly on par with men mentality ( look at my downvotes , only because i have a different opinion ) . 
  it is n't about men here , it 's about us . 
  so if i want it ( i do n't say i do ) it 's segregation and discrimination ? 
  from what i 've seen nobody asked for it , so if orthodox jews will ask it i 'll say it 's stupid , that 's because only men rule in that culture and they 'll try to force us to use those compartments . 
  not the case here . 
  you would disagree if we wanted it ? 
  this will make you worse than saudi 's , since you 're not an ignorant . 
  be a man and grope ... aa downvote me !, 
  or else . . :d, 
  get out of that couch and downvote something mate !, 
  be a man , 
  would you be okay if we ( women , that 's it ) want it ? 
  edit : it , as in the article . 
  well , you have those !, 
  you always had it !, 
  edit : thanks for downvote btw . 
  i 'm not quite aware about saudi 's internal affairs , but i do n't think women are asked about many things there . 
  no it 's not , i live in a village in one of the most conservative part of romania and i 've heard lots of things ( i 'm a motorcycle enthusiast , imagine how my neighbors see me :d ) . 
  do you think i do n't enjoy that ?!, 
  i 'm quite depraved , by western standards even !, 
  but why not having a choice ? 
  would you be here commenting if it was about some men only train ( club !!! ), 
  who drink alcohol and look at porn/football kinda news ? 
  it 's not about us , it 's about eastern german women . 
  i say , let them choose !, 
  in the end we could make a europe-wide train !, 
  with one white only compartment ( ca n't wait to see how you 'll say who 's white and who 's not ) , transvestite , nazis , blacks , prostitutes ( men not allowed , that 'll be something !, 
  ) , etc etc etc :d now to be honest , adult men are the worst when it 's about groping and things like that . 
  the ones with glasses , ~ 45-55 yo , who likes to talk about your shoes ( my experience ) . 
  it 's better with kids , smashing their noses works just fine , usually it scares his friends too . 
  wow !!!, 
  why so much `` uproar '' ? 
  no , i do n't think it is like the wearing burkha `` controversy '' . 
  i do n't think a german woman can be forced to use a women only compartment like a e.g. 
  iraqi women is forced by her family to wear that thing . 
  i do n't say you 're wrong , it 's just semantics , 
  this is the easiest way to solve something on the short run . 
  and people usually do choose the shot route in anything . 
  i do n't say i fully agree with it , it 's not my call , but i think women there should be asked . 
  i say this as a woman from a part of europe who do n't have `` that issue '' , we have `` macho 8 graders '' issue though hahaha :d, 
  well , to be completely honest , i was quite outraged by this news when first appeared `` why the hell they do that , they only play on the ` migrants ' tune '' , then i started to remember some unpleasant train trips i had and changed my mind a little . 
  anyway , i do n't have a saying in this since i do n't live there . 
  it should be , as it 's normal , german women call . 
  if they want that , why not . 
  i absolutely adore cats , real life ones or drawings does n't matter , especially those eyes melted me completely !, 
  not to mention my cat died recently , of old age and i miss her :( i was sure it was a mistake there , that 's why i kinda avoid to post in / r/romania . 
  trying to not make a foul of myself with my writing `` skills '' too , my options do that just fine :d ninja edit : i have to use diacritics exactly cos i 'm not great when writing romanian , 
  why not ? 
  i do n't see a problem if a group of men ask for such thing and a study shows that it 's a good idea , go for it . 
  to be honest , i think some men i know would embrace this 100 % , especially for long distance trips ( watching the football game with the boys and having ten beers while your wife is not beside you might be a thrill :p ) . 
  as a woman i say it 's okay-ish . 
  having a choice is n't bad and i had my moments when i 've thought about that , especially when some idiot grabbed my . . lower body parts or had , their once in life , macho moment when i was around and tried to `` invite '' me to a cup of coffee in the toilet . 
  anyway , it 's not exactly a bad idea imo and it should be taken into consideration ( a study would be good , to see what german women think about it ) . 
  i spotted the german , 
  huh ? 
  a very stupid law . 
  aaawwww !!!, 
  we use phones here . 
  i know , it 's horrible ... 
  wow !, 
  nee , what else ? 
  nah , i have nothing in common with them . 
  i 'm ... oh wait , sorry / u/ax8l . . not romanian . 
  i do n't quite give one dime about them .
