  the head , brain , is us !, 
  everything else is just tools . 
  i 've tried guys !, 
  i know , i 've `` studied '' his wikipedia entry few days ago . 
  i did n't knew him until someone posted a thread on / r/romania about his conference here , a 11 hours conference ... 
  i 'll die after 3 max !, 
  i have a question . 
  what you mean ? 
  i only see one happy orthodox ... with more than 100 posts who was n't stickied . 
  can you be more than mod and tell me why my post was removed ? 
  really ?!, 
  i thought he 's a kenyan . . . . or a normal guy who plays a role , like any us prez . 
  you do n't say , i have the heating on in the house as we speak ( fkn spring will never come ! ) . 
  i 'll do that , but it 's strange for a non-orthodox to do that , do n't you think ? 
  same username , i was banned for only few days ... relax !, 
  :d i. . . was n't quite hmmmm . . nice in my speech . 
  pleased ? 
  make a thread !, 
  i 'll back you up . . until i 'll be banned again :d, 
  eastern europe is n't orthodox only !, 
  but yeah , you are definitely right !, 
  you kinda make me want to migrate now : /, 
  you know that 's just for show , do n't you ? 
  really ?!, 
  i find him fake to the core . 
  edit : he may not be , but that 's how i perceive him . 
  edit 2 : i cancel everything i said about trump , plz do n't downvote me :'( yeah right !, 
  so , in the end both were raised in a very different environment than their muslim fathers . 
  nige is a spiritual being who transcend times and worlds , he was made for britain and britain is for him !, 
  long live the frog !, 
  damn , i sound like david icke now :d, 
  thank you !, 
  try harder !, 
  orthodox = russia for many people here , unfortunately !, 
  or `` not european enough '' !, 
  hail the working class !, 
  to be honest , i kinda mean it here . 
  any kind of stream/flow kinda lose water , same with the flow of people . 
  `` uneducated '' , because they are quite different from what you imagine . 
  they might have problems with grammar and mathematics ( i have those big time ) , but they are honest !, 
  and i mean honest , if you steal something in bucharest you 'll be caught by police ( sometimes ) if you 'll steal something here you might end up like `` o fi cioban prin munte la suceava . . 
  hmm ! '' . 
  how dare you to call me that !!!, 
  as a matter of fact , when a kurdistan will be formed in turkey , the rest of the country will be welcomed in eu . . without the gggg ... grandson of tayip the great as sultan of course :d, 
  off-topic question : abortion was illegal in poland in the communist time ? 
  how about pre ' 39 ? 
  genuine interest and laziness combined here , 
  at least you can read words ? 
  mate , i was thinking about me ( i 'm a woman ) when i told you that , i 'm also from romania ( and we both know how much shit british media throw in our heads ) ... make some fucking connections here . 
  disregard the f word please , 
  you , look at your no . 
  6 and then look up at what i said . 
  awwwwww it 's such a beautiful puppy !!!!, 
  photoshoping such a nice little kitty it 's bad !, 
  i 've read the article and i also watched lots of documentaries ( is this a word ? ), 
  on tv and yt , last one was like three days ago on a national network here about moldovan people who were there as professionals or conscripts and how their families ( children mostly ) were affected by it . 
  my statement it 's about people who were forced to be there !, 
  dead or alive . 
  i rather kiss ivan , ivar , ioan , ian 's hand cos he was there and his children are crippled today than paying homage to some unknown `` hero '' like ( in my region ) arpad , decebalus . . putin ^ ^ / s, 
  i know , i 'm very annoying !, 
  i 'm not polish ... what kind of device you use my friend ? 
  ( 0.0 ) edit : after 3 ( three ) hours i still wait to see that resurrection !, 
  i 'm a believer , but you kinda stretch it / u/pandronic :p, 
  rossia orthodox , rossia cyrillic ... plus insignificant . 
  my two cents !, 
  if you 're not some sort of a millionaire , and you supposedly gon na work someday , this is your day too !, 
  these people ... so geeky !, 
  you ca n't joke these days without being corrected by professors :'(, 
  who are these pagans ?!? 
  ebionites , ebony ... porn with black people ?!, 
  disclaimer : this a joke !, 
  it 's a town in croatia , ya ignorant catholic church 's son !, 
  you see , i tried to be gently , 
  never !!!!, 
  catholic school uh ? 
  latin , greek , burning people etc etc etc ^ ^ / s papist !, 
  triggered !!!, 
  burn him , impaled him , send him to rome ... to wash toilets !, 
  yeah , some of the flow was diminished by the lack of `` water '' , most of these `` uneducated '' people i know has its trips outside the country and lots of them were n't going to come back . 
  but , for the sake of their parents they build some huge mansions here and for the sake of their foreign born children they 'll stay there . 
  i want my kitten !!!!!, 
  please, 
  i know . . these antons ruining my party !, 
  i 'm with you here , i like futurology :d unfortunately we have to be realistic and see the future with the means we have today and using today 's measurement the future is n't quite good . 
  wtf , they removed this topic !, 
  it 's more than one million . 
  and it 's peanuts for a country like uk , especially since most of them work and will probably save your ass from some sharia law no go zones in the future . 
  anyhow , that 's not what we talk about here . 
  if only british database is all you 've got , and i 'm sorry to say you were wrong from the start ( half a million vs 1 million ) , you 're kinda fkd  you can lurk all the anglosphere , hell every serious news service has its english articles especially if it 's about britain . 
  google translate was invented too ... now i digress  i mean , if you 're interested in something you can learn about it on the internet . 
  by the way , your downvote is rewarded with my upvote , only to show you that we can be ladies too . . not only beggars like your only sources tell you . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not an economist or any kind of expert , i just use my common sense . 
  i thought it 's one million . 
  anyway , stereotypes have some sort of twisted truth in them but they are most of time hearsay kind of things . 
  i only pointed out that it was a joke . 
  oh and the world does n't spin around britain mate !, 
  christianity started with calvin , period !, 
  those unnamed heroes deserve more than one thought once or twice per decade . 
  they really saved our lives and/or health , at least for people living in eastern and northern europe they did that and they died for it !, 
  every country has its war heroes , europe and the world has them as heroes !,
