  yeah right , some pig heads surely gon na scare away people ( syrians especially ) who saw human heads chopped off and impaled on fences . 
  it 's of haram !!!, 
  we have wild hogs here , they 'll surely gon na be better at keeping anyone away than pigs heads on a fence . 
  pork kebab best kebab !, 
  eating garlic is better , it will deter everyone not only vampires . 
  same thing happened in bucharest . 
  from all i know the construction of the mosque is going as planned . 
  sis for ya, 
  coming from a * gypsy * like me , i do n't know how much my answer could mean anyways  lolololololol, 
  a * big * * gifted * guy is quite a scary thing for me too but i do n't think they should be banned !, 
  thanks for answering . 
  i 've asked because that 's what i heard . 
  very interesting btw . 
  i never said such thing , i just think . . well . . they look scary . 
  that 's all . 
  i 'm absolutely against forbidding clothes . 
  i 'm a woman myself , so i ca n't be against clothes . 
  even if those are very ugly . 
  do n't be upset by our ignorance !, 
  most of us ( even us in eastern europe ) confuse turks or even iranians ( who speak a language closer to ours than to afro-asiatic semitic ones ) with arabs because . . ya know , religion . 
  most people are stupid af , look at u.s. elections , so you can ... give one fk about what many people here think about your people , 
  i do n't think is funny . 
  that girl/guy knows what the hell he says ( as a eastern european i feel his pain in front of stereotypes ) . 
  that 's a good one !, 
  bad or good business . . a * thing * like that is quite scary for me ... and i guess for most people from here . 
  lol i even have a turkish friend , born here though , who hate those things and call them ninja suits . 
  edit : hey , what i 've said ?!?!, 
  off topic : i 've heard somalis are quite racist . 
  is that true ? 
  soon enough i 'll ask for it only because i wear a little cross on a chain around my neck . 
  what 's wrong with an old guy wearing a silly little hat ? 
  disclaimer : my rant is not against you or what you said !, 
  it 's just against all growing stupidity in this world !, 
  of course a romanian knows about this ... especially since his name is stefan  ^ ^ ^ ^ have ^ ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ ^ upvote, 
  w\u0151rst\u00east day of l\u00edv !, 
  ! ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s : ^ p, 
  that 's another saint stephen . 
  yuo are evil !!, 
  even some white collars could have some problems though . 
  hehe do n't worry , i was joking , 
  yes , but ( and i 've no idea why i was downvoted ) they 're an islamic group . 
  as in islam not terrorism . 
  unfortunately many people equalise islamic group with terrorist group these days . 
  if it was about a christian group not liking putin i think i would 've been at plus 5 instead of minus 5 lol, 
  we invented the * bestest * dna though lolol, 
  hey russia , stop offending your new bff !, 
  tl : dr islamic group * does n't * * like * erdogan !, 
  good news for us . 
  as a politician ? 
  yes of course . 
  as a blue collar ? 
  give me a break !, 
  we already destroyed your legions with our mighty * roma * legions :d, 
  too cold ?!, 
  i sweated ... my * everything * there for god sake !, 
  90 is the max we have at the gym . 
  but i ca n't stay there more than five minutes max . 
  of course it 's about discouraging * certain * behaviours but in the same time they do encourage those same behaviours . 
  it 's a beach and those women are dressed in . . clothes . 
  no masks , no places to wear a gun . . at least no more than men around . 
  we saw the result and i rekon it will probably be way worse here :d, 
  absolutely different !, 
  : ^ ) looks like the irish guy did n't kill you , where 's my sharper piece of wood ... ? 
  we start to be like the people we hate , step by step . 
  i really hope i 'm very wrong though . 
  unfortunately , many of us have a very twisted view of the world . 
  most of us base our * knowledge * about anything on what we see on the internet and what suits our own misconceptions . 
  a sauna has its purpose , to sweat . 
  i do that too , sometimes ( it 's a horrible thing though ) . 
  i wo n't say anything about smoking because i do n't smoke but here it 's about what you wear and things like these make me angry . 
  i mean , that s #it is not a full * ninja * * mask * , it 's just a freaking cloth !, 
  ( i was n't even thought that about you ), 
  i guess so . 
  and most of them are quite nice , usually . 
  something is wrong here . 
  hey , i talked about santa ... san marino !, 
  it 's in italy , no ? 
  hey . . goodusername , burn this pagan too !, 
  just in case, 
  where did i said you ... said that ? 
  i just mentioned their faith because you do n't have a flair and maybe you do n't know what 's what here . 
  that 's it . 
  by the way , thanks for replying . 
  a lot of users just downvote and keep their * mouth * shut here . 
  it 's a guy who died a couple of years ago . 
  he invented allot of stuff . 
  do n't ask me what , i just saw him and his house . 
  i have enough forks , life in the countryside has its benefits , not to mention i can go there in my horse cart . 
  you just bring that damn torch and when you 're here do n't forget to kill that swedish pagan who confused san marino with a santa ... oh horror !!, 
  another homogay pagan !, 
  do n't you know that marino is . . kinda . . masculine ? 
  that 's why is san not santa !, 
  where 's my sword ? 
  i 'm sorry but i have to cut your head since the irish with the goodusername did n't bring a lighter and unfortunately we ca n't burn you . 
  i hope it 's okay for you !, 
  i 've seen some crap on t.v. 
  today , with a priest who talked about gun smugglers ( at necula if i 'm not wrong ) ... 
  i guess the guy was way too late to the party lolol edit : he sounded and kinda looked like isis . 
  better bring a lighter with you , italy is n't exactly algeria wood 's on me , we must impale some before burn the place down !, 
  ca n't you see ?
