  i can send you if you want . 
  looks like i 'm your sister lolol what 's unitarian in britain ? 
  edit : i just asked a question , britain 's religions are quite difficult to cope for me and i 'm not religious at all . 
  if i 'd said classic statues most of people here will think about classic porn . 
  / s most definitely that iranian president think this is the case !, 
  you 're catholic ? 
  we 'll never see such thing in our lifetime . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , but i think i 'm right unfortunately . 
  i 'm protestant , so i 'm pleased with his statement though . 
  tur\u021b is kept in oak barrels at least 2 years , two times distilled and can , i have it home , reach 80 \u00b0 . 
  p\u00e1link\u00e1 is the same , not kept it/or kept it . 
  same thing , very hard fruit alcoholic beverage , very !, 
  it was about the nice shaped testicles and very elaborate `` coiffure '' those statues pubic hair has , better than his beard , chest hair and turban combined , not the ... : ^ ), 
  on italian statues ?!?!, 
  like my pinky  edit : it was a joke , italian redditors !, 
  that 's a little bit too much , it 's like if i 'll ever made it in politics and met a bushman i 'd have to `` unveil '' my breasts and take in consideration to let my panties home lolol but as a principle , you 're right . 
  this again !!!, 
  i 've a great deal of downvotes last time , so i 'll abstain from saying my thoughts now !, 
  grrrrrrrrrr !!, 
  i graciously accept your apologies , mr. pope !, 
  me too !, 
  do n't like his stance on lgbt , but well ... he 's the pope and ca n't play a john lennon role while having this position , it 's understandable . 
  late edit : lots more downvotes for me , a culturally protestant person who acknowledge that guy 's political position !, 
  he 's the boss of a billion people , many very conservative like my grangrandpa ( who call black people ... well , names ) . 
  damn , really ?!?!, 
  who would 've thought !, 
  / s instead of this piece of information , we all knew it anyway , why do n't they arrest some of the perpetrators of the last ones and/or sent the rest to nirvana ? 
  names and descriptions of their death included !, 
  too much beer is not too much `` drink '' . 
  too much p\u00e1link\u00e1 instead ... : ^ ) and too much tur\u021b = dead man walking lolol, 
  yeah , i never understood this `` slapping '' thing . 
  but i can see its purpose when men do that , in any kind of sports ; ), 
  my brother 's kid play handball . 
  he put me down with that f. ... g ball , i beat his ass like a samoan beat his drum when i. . come back to my senses :d, 
  by zinedine zidane 's head too . 
  oh , only female players . . poor you  : / what you get from the balkan are amateurs , like me , believe me !, 
  referee !, 
  where 's my gun ?!?!? 
  sweden , rugby ?!, 
  never heard , 
  second after football . 
  i play volleyball and since i 'm not quite tall , i 'm very bad at it : /, 
  huh ? 
  after such statement i 'll put this ( / s ) . 
  so , we gon na wait !, 
  stay out of the tube then !, 
  take care , we gon na be there in millions , not to mention that you better be neighbor with a german dude than me !, 
  never put something in people 's mouth !, 
  i have my man !, 
  you really think such idiocy is true ? 
  i do n't drink too much . 
  and making fun is okay until one point !, 
  yeah right !, 
  men , 
  so what if two gay people gon na adopt a child ? 
  what polish politicians think it goes wrong ? 
  a boy adopted by two gays gon na be what ? 
  if i , a single woman want to adopt a child . . 
  i 'll make her/him a single woman like me ? 
  disclaimer : i 'm not a single woman and i 'm not a gay woman . 
  bed , like in going to sleep or . . ? 
  what 's there to debate ? 
  if a crime perpetrator looks is made public and police can put his butt away from us , i do n't see the reason for this s. . t !, 
  tea can do that better though , 
  that 's cuz is not in your garden !, 
  i rather learn russian than to play your game !, 
  does your mouth talk without yourself ? 
  looks like !, 
  you must be from finland . 
  it was a little bit of a stupid joke !, 
  a joke !, 
  do n't know , you ? 
  you really need some ` wood ' in your ass !? 
  kill me now !, 
  no , those guys never see snow or minus in thermometer !, 
  never !, 
  i 'm in my shorts !, 
  always a fin copy paste sweden !, 
  why so much c. . p ? 
  honestly . 
  they moved in the summer/spring . 
  you enjoy this ? 
  you know what , i 'll kill you in atrocious wais , my english is one of this , by putting . . your ass . . wait a minute , 
  where 's my dad shotgun ??? 
  i really want to kill you !!!!!!, 
  it 's horrible here now !, 
  where ??? 
  edit : fk you too , 
  i hate you !!!!!!!, 
  and i hate you again !!!, 
  i ca n't wear gloves , i chopped wood ( sunday ) and those gloves do n't help . 
  not to mention i felt like ten times and my knee got a big `` hit '' !, 
  yeah !, 
  : / bad culture you have there !, 
  i rather take the accordion instead our weather !, 
  it 's your fault anyway , this s. . t came from there !, 
   take good care of our/now yours gypsies !, 
  thanks by the way !, 
  : ^ ) disclaimer : this was a joke !, 
  got a cousin married with a spaniard , but she lives in galicia ...
