  never !, 
  those are very much legal here . 
  you ca n't sell your product though but nobody gives a damn about that law anyway . 
  make them illegal and you 'll have a nice peasant riot here . 
  and we all know that our riots never end well . 
  i live in transylvania and more than half of my village has a ( cough cough ) * home * * distilling * * equipment * . 
  65 only ?!, 
  they tricked you , 80 is the normal one ( kinda like the * king * * size * ) . 
  :p about the guy with the axe ... 
  i must see how he looks like . 
  he could be a foul or a real deal , unfortunately here you ca n't judge people only on their looks if you 're a foreigner ( here as in in rural romania ) . 
  ( 0 . o ) e : it was forbidden back in the days / u/azgarr ? 
   home distilling equipment that 's just ... horrible !, 
  how can you live without those ? 
  * fire arms . 
  to get a permit for one is a ** huuuuuge ** pain in the arse . 
  * any kind of drugs . 
  you can go to jail even for few grams of cannabis if you did n't smoke it alone . 
  those are the first things i can think of . 
  in my country there 's people who dream at greater romania and others who dream at greater hungary . 
  thankfully they 're in small numbers and decreasing year after year ( hopefully this trend stays ) . 
  hahaha that would be something i would n't mind . 
  let 's just say that i kinda like dracula . 
  lolol i woke up all the people in the train . 
  and most of them speak only german !, 
  damn you !, 
  take a look at my flair and you 'll knew for sure . 
  before i 'll read the comments . 
  because he 's a `` scumbag of europe '' !, 
  oh ... indeed . 
  i did n't thought about them . 
  :d e : the question is about women though, 
  wearing some now . 
  dunno about the rest of women in europe though . 
  no it 's not . 
  i ca n't comment since i live in a village . 
  if you 'll move that million where i live they 'll feel just like home . 
  mentality wise of course . 
  by the way pick them from your south so they really be at home here ... except in our winter ( it can be really rough here in the winter ) . 
  thank you . 
  it 's like slovenia . 
  little and sweet , 
  regulated . 
  i rather live in hitler 's germany , stalin 's russia or ceau\u015fescu 's romania than in lawless early middle ages eastern european steppes . 
  my opinion of course . 
  not exactly the most beautiful imo but one of those . 
  [ bigar waterfall ] ( http://www.placestoseeinyourlifetime.com/the-most-unique-bigar-waterfall-in-nature-reserve-romania-5169/ ), 
  i 've no idea why ( maybe it 's something which resembles my childhood when i was to church with my grandmother ) but i love these songs !, 
  and i absolutely love the people faces , they look so ... clean . 
  clean as in soul-wise ... 
  i do n't exactly can express what i mean with this but clean is the word which is the closest to what i felt when i 've seen your videos . 
  of course i have no idea what they 're singing about but in a weird way it made me feel emotional . 
  yeah right . 
  hunedoara was red in most of our votes without even thinking how was it here in the countryside . 
  not my county they do n't !, 
  good idea . 
  this is about child abuses !, 
  i 'll let loose reddit dogs on such people any day . 
  the difference is that here it was quick and more or less not that violent ( except my country unfortunately ) and it was made possible by both us , weuropean countries and ussr wishes . 
  it was too much ( +40 years ) communism already and even the army and security services were kinda sick of it . 
  i 've heard this joke too . 
  i think it 's one of those inter-ex-socialists eeuropean jokes you gon na hear from moscow til tirana and from warsaw til vladivostok lolol, 
  indeed :d from what i 've heard from my parents even bread was rationalized , half a bread for an adult and a quarter for a child . 
  dunno the quantity though . 
  maybe it was better in czechoslovakia than in estonian ssr . 
  in here it was worse than in all our neighbouring countries ( moldovan ssr was way better than us ) and the end was bloody too . 
  i think only albania has it worse than us in the late '80s . 
  now that i 'm thinking about it our situation has astronomically improved . 
  south asia of course hahahaha ... seriously now , north-west . 
  `` oas country '' . 
  e : forgot to say the romanian name is ' \u021aara oa\u015fului ' and hungarian is ` avass\u00e1g ' . 
  i should know since i 'm from a minority here . 
  even the place i live is distinctive in romania ( no , it 's not sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld ) . 
  guly\u00e1s , sarmale ( with pork meat only ... and turkey ) and of course my mum 's potato soup . 
  that 's global anyway . 
  i guess op should 've said second or third for italy . 
  lolol :d talking about facts , who are those with tails ? 
  and you 're very optimistic to belive that . 
  i think it will take us more than one generation , way more , unfortunately . 
  i did n't knew about this stereotype . 
  i guess that 's cuz i 'm from transylvania and we 're the slowest of the slow in the entire universe from other romanians point of view hahahaha i know about latvians ' six toes though . 
  it would n't be that bad . 
  maybe not nationalism but european patriotism and a sense of belonging to eu is what in fact we really need . 
  baltic ? 
  i met my boyfriend thanks to free traveling . 
  without eu i 'm sceptical many hungarian girls from romania will have an irish boyfriend hahahaha edit : major thing for me but absolutely irrelevant ( minor ) for the rest . 
  you would n't believe me but i do n't even know how it taste like ( i presume it taste like peanuts ... 
  i ate lots of roasted peanuts though . 
  are you sure ?!, 
  until thursday from what i 've heard . 
  but as you know , i guess , weather is part of our life here . 
  it is rain north of that place now . 
  call me casual english writer . 
  and you 're defo not a grammar nazi . 
  damn city boys, 
  only with that * cough * absolutely legal * cough * things you are ... 
  about dubs ... 
  i 'm not used to them so i had no idea how those things work that 's why i asked . 
  you 're a girl ? 
  try a little busu and meteo between your breaks .
