  and i do n't have any knowledge about what happening in entire country , i just talk about my village and the villages/towns in my vicinity . 
  late edit : words . 
  who told you that ? 
  dj who ?!, 
  i think about putting something in our pastor 's ass this days . 
  vampire diaries ... lol, 
  zzz we love garlic !!!, 
  source : my big brother has to make a trip to bucharest and he kissed my forehead ( i 'm not a kid anymore , you idiot !!!!!!! ), 
  after he ate some fish and chips with garlic sauce , ... and damn me he stank lolololol, 
  i tried be polite , 
  of course we do n't , we just take your jobs and benefits in the same time :d, 
  wow , i 'm ashamed of myself . 
  how dare you ? 
  barbarians today ai n't anything they use to be , they are nice for jesus christ sake ... oh the horror !!!, 
  lol who 's prayers ?!, 
  i absolutely do n't , since we do n't have muslims here ( not in a significant number ) but i know how it feels like to have a hungover and the bells from three churches banging on your head over and over and over again . 
  and my mum preaching about me being a minor and a woman and that our pastor always asking why i 'm not in church ... blah blah blah blah blah blah ... without knowing that the same pastor want to . . hmmm have a thing with me . . !, 
  i 'm absolutely lovable , when i 'm not back in the woods ( dracula 's voice ) ... and when you do n't try to steal my gdp allahdamnit  disclaimer : if i offended anyone , i do n't care anyway , i 'll change the allah with god . 
  born in romaniaaaaa ...  how can we change that , i mean people are really uninformed and they going to do what the leadership tell them to do , but for how long ? 
  she was a singer or something like that and for lots of people , idiots who sang 's opinion means something . 
  i 'm not romanian , ethnically , and i wo n't say what she said about this country . 
  absolutely , i just drank a glass of wi . . umm blood and feel like flying . 
  vampire here , 
  you 're an indirect barbarian :d, 
  bosnia stronk : ^ d, 
  yeah right , and loose lot of money they can put in their pockets !, 
  we do n't do that with russia , why should be moldova different ? 
  i think you confuse the thief , the guy with a bad suit is renato somethin : ^ d, 
  maybe he gon na use the money for the sake of orhei 's inhabitants . 
  yeah right ... 
  indeed , 
  way too easily , i remember about one woman who even posted on facebook that she took it only so she can travel without restrictions or something like that . 
  we gon na be pulled back way more than 20 years . 
  despite the prejudices , there 's no `` romanian mafia '' but moldova it 's quite infested by russian one ( yes i know i talk like a prejudiced person blah blah blah ... ) . 
  did anyone asked those if they 'll be okay paying for that ? 
  i 'll bet my shoes they gon na change their minds in no time if they have to pay for it , 
  that 's because you , like 3/4 of redditors , do n't know anything about this country , 
  that 's it , orhei !, 
  i 've read about it in sadoveanu ( which is quite a performance since i 'm hungarian hahahahaha ) . 
  why in the name of what is holly they choose those guys ?!, 
  i mean , how can you choose a guy who stole 1/8 of your country 's gdp ?!, 
  and no , i do n't think moldovans are stupid , they are uninformed , 
  especially for you guys , but somehow lot of you seems to like this bdsm relationship ( see local elections in balti and ... the other town i forgot the name :p ) . 
  i , somehow , feel guilty only reading this thread . 
  never thought about it . 
  one of my brothers had to quit his job because harassment from a older woman but i never thought it 's so bad , i even laugh at him . 
  somehow my perception changed since i started reading reddit . 
  exactly !, 
  i think it 's quite easy to organize anything you want with today 's technology and we still are stupid enough to let ourselves be robed . 
  or maybe we 're just lazy , just like i am . 
  so turks good , russians very much bad !, 
  even today . 
  i do n't really want to know :d, 
  noooo !!!, 
  my first phone was a nokia ( i thought is japanese cos of the name ... ) , my first encounter with internet was through that phone for god sake !, 
  stay alive nokia , plz !!!!!!, 
  who , germany ? 
  because we are stupid !, 
  that 's why . 
  i 'll stay with kebabs , thank you !, 
  damn your kebab and shawarma , i ca n't eat much because i 'll be fat in no time !, 
  damn your good food : ^ d, 
  you see , america 's `` gold '' also fueled western europe 's prosperity after wwii , but more directly than ottoman one . 
  no they did n't !, 
  must be because you did n't conquered us like you did with our southern neighbors . 
  you guys said that you wo n't build mosques here and you wo n't settle people and you did n't !, 
  russians just gypsified us all !!, 
  close enough . 
  autonomous from who/what ? 
  edit : russia always did that , they love to `` have a port on warm waters '' - black sea freeze ... - so no warm anything here , 
  my answer still stands . 
  imperial russia did same like communist russia !, 
  sorry then , i must 've been uninformed . 
  let 's see ... :d, 
  i 'll be in the woods , preparing the stakes :p, 
  i know that !, 
  i answered to the guy who said spain has towns in africa and turkey border iran and syria . .  omg , you were that guy . 
  perception usually bite my ass , but i usually disregard it . 
  so you should be more like us , 
  if greece 's politicians are hellenic people then fuck them , but i do n't think you can just fuck off half of your earnings only for the lulz . 
  you woke up ... in her ?!? 
  are you twelve years old ? 
  and they have land in continental europe , morocco did n't have any . 
  plus , if you were in turkey and morocco you 'll see the difference !, 
  explanation : i was in turkey ten or eleven times , i also was in morocco four years ago for three weeks . 
  moroccans were lovely , turks were just like us ( i do n't think i have to explain it ) . 
  greece and bulgaria maybe , not the same feeling up north though . 
  turkish empire was like a charm for its northern possessions compared with russians . 
  i mean , while turks just asked for a bit of your gdp russians took everything , settled there while sending natives in siberia and put their rulers over us ( turks never did that ) . 
  this !!, 
  ottoman empire triggered the renaissance by in europe because of its `` backwardness '' - in the migrants opinion of course . 
  russia border north korea for god sake !, 
  eu candidacy and/or membership does n't make one european . 
  turkey , at least its west is european in my book , there 's a big difference between them and middle east . 
  i 'm not sure about it , but are n't they those who replaced women stewardess with men ? 
  wow , it 's awesome !, 
  now i need some ice cream . 
  one of those pink things is absolute bollocks . 
  why , while in slovakia , do n't pass directly into austria instead passing by hungary ?!, 
  or go straight to germany through czech republic .
