  you do n't even want to know what we eat here ... and i still am only 45 :( kilograms . 
  where 's your army me friend ?!, 
  he kinda does n't seem to call the pm in the morning ... if you get my gist . 
  go away with those , i like meat !, 
  pork meat . 
  with bread ... french one . . 
  probably his highness party gon na be there , unfortunately for your people . 
  he was like a sultan with our highness !, 
  be normal mate !, 
  ( that 's for your guy , not for you !, 
  so who 's the boss ? 
  the army ?!, 
  i unfortunately know !, 
  but they have kebab , tasty one !, 
  i talked about food . 
  damn , i look like the other ones :( looks like we have to avoid each other , 
  hmmn ... we do n't have burgers !, 
  blood in sausage we have ... 
  unfortunately . 
  unfortunately you guys do nothing . 
  that 's what you need , a revolution !, 
  unf . 
  that would be catastrophic for europe . 
  nothing else but \u00e9migr\u00e9 , 
  well , you look italian too . . 
  well , you may speak some kind of romanian then , cos i think my romanian it 's ... almost , top notch . 
  almost . 
  i think i see someone from there , but he 's not here anymore . 
  that 's when trianon was ?!, 
  i had no idea !, 
  you better come in the northern romania and see how much we give as those things . 
  you 're from montenegro ?!, 
  i thought you 're italian or german !, 
  since when you are europe ? 
  since when moldova is not in europe ? 
  almost 90 % of us has hungarian citizenship . 
  so what ? 
  those guys are not what you send back , no worries !, 
  from here does n't :(, 
  yup , you 're american , 
  so you feel ... what ? 
  american , frenchman , european ... 
  how can you do that ? 
  in three parts !, 
  so i should ask what is my country 's most loved/hated neighbor then ? 
  that 's some good quality . 
  european opinions , of course !, 
  it 's those eastern europeans , nothing to worry about . 
  c . o.m.e. 
  a. j.o.k.e. 
  i never thought a region in the most remote place in europe could have a cross on its flag ! / s no garlic tho : / edit : you should better put the flair of the country/region you belong/live into/care about the most , not something you think it 's cool today and do n't give a fuck tomorrow . 
  just my opinion . 
  does that red and yellow look like the german red and yellow ?!, 
  it 's a german flag , but the colours are nothing like the new germany one 's . 
  men !!, 
  oh , you 're american . 
  the irony :d, 
  lots of crosse 's on our national flags and all around the place here . 
  garlic , got a lot in my grand 's house , i can send some  tell the doc to fix your yellow and red too :p, 
  start impaling ... ? 
  i 'm not the most smart human being ever , but i very much think that 's not an option for us these days . 
  maybe you ca n't see colors at this hour ? 
  this is not the german flag !, 
  not sure if that 's important , but i 'm hungarian . 
  when you 'll have a genuine apology come back to me , until then . . go back to the subject !, 
  edit : sorry , i should n't be such a huge bitch . 
  i 'm very sorry for what i 've said . 
  i wo n't erase my post cos i kinda deserve those downvotes . 
  start calling me miss . . that 's what !, 
  not only men have opinions !!!!, 
  ! + edit : i stand on my comment , you better bring some civilization in your government 's senses . 
  mate , i live in romania ... 
  i do n't have a positive opinion about anything , especially roms !, 
  what you 're talking about ... gee !, 
  unfortunately , most things your govt do these days are n't quite trustful , so arresting another bunches of ppl is n't exactly what i call `` exiting '' . 
  i do n't fear getting shot here by anyone , that 's a biggest plus !, 
  edit : here , as in all over this country . 
  what you 're talking about ?!, 
  look , many roma are n't from romania !, 
  most , in fact . 
  do n't be so . . french . 
  those who are from serbia , kosovo , bosnia , albania , russia , ukraine , belarus , macedonia etc etc etc are not from eu !!, 
  first time you 'll send one airplane filled with those who come through balkans back , then you 'll have some of your old trust back ... 
  french , those guys sent gypsies from bosnia in romania , for jesus christ !, 
  deported where , in serbia ? 
  they were deported to make some place for the mena ones . 
  are n't those people , in the article , from the balkans ? 
  lot 's of those are exactly from the said ethnicity as well lots of them are from neighboring nations who were looking for jobs . . fellow europeans who are unfortunate enough to be born outside eu ... just like we were few years ago , remember ? 
  none of those are from this flow of humanity !, 
  no problem  no apologies needed . 
  i feel nice . 
  finally , a great answer !, 
  i do n't feel like you do , but i 'll be damned if i wo n't upvote you !, 
  but we also have religious fights , i call my romanian friend `` trafalet '' cos his name is daniel !, 
  he call me t\u00f6ki tho : / we `` kill '' eachother / s serious now , this is fucked up . . dude !, 
  you better talk with that american , not with the german ... gee . . today 's kids tks tks tks , 
  in the mean time i 'll be old and ugly ... !, 
  we have grass , ... 
  they stole our grass for wimbledon !, 
  fuck those brits . . / s,
