  wow , that guy ... was a guy !, 
  incredible !, 
  damn he 's waaaay cuter than me for f sake !, 
  edit : is a guy not was a guy . 
  must be soros ' fault . 
  oh wait , he paid us to do that ... 
  here , have some 4g benefits !, 
  damn job stealers ... ^ ^ / s, 
  ewwww edit : / s, 
  but ... 
  okay . 
  it 's not that message . 
  you did ? 
  where was she from ? 
  our alde is worse than psd in my opinion . 
  at least psd changes its boss like it 's nothing if it 's needed but our alde is just one man who erase anyone who 's against him . 
  not to mention they 're anti-eu now lolololol e : in less than one minute i was downvoted . 
  that 's incredibly fast hahahaha, 
  i did n't knew that . 
  i guess i 'm downvoted for being stupit now hahaha thank you !, 
  seriously now , do i know you from somewhere or it 's just a. . . ? 
  hmmmm ... 
  it was way too late for me to change my post when i realized that . 
  i blame that damn monkey for it !, 
  he 's a troll mate , a very innocent and funny one in fact . 
  falling for his joke is the joke . 
  user history . 
  yes you 're right . 
  traps ?!, 
  like in those for dogs or wild animals ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand . 
  :( edit : what the hell i 've said ?!, 
  it need a little taste of freedom hahahaha, 
  stop downvoting this guy for f sake !, 
  he 's our most beloved troll . 
  have your upvote ya li 'll monkey !, 
  ewwwww . . when i see alde i have vomit taste in my mouth . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for their politics but our alde is something the larger eu one would despise too . 
  e : well , they do n't since they keep them . 
  the one i was there . . when i forgot my phone . 
  great , except some ice in the mountains ( which we already have every damn year ) nothing is different . 
  i 'm still in the yellow ... yay . 
  i 'll upvote the czech one . 
  the one from here is n't very representative for our protests at all . 
  thank you . 
  nice real message you have there in your profile . 
  kinda creepy too . 
  it 's `` transexual '' in my country and is the same as heterosexual ( same word in my country ) and homosexual ( same word in my country ) . 
  it 's not an adjective at all . 
  it 's rarely used indeed since many do n't know what it means here but that 's because i live in a very rural area . 
  i 've seen lot 's of users here with names like `` pm your ... tits , c. . t , pussies * ehem * , arse , assess ... etc etc etc. 
  and i did n't mind even if i have those hehehe  as a woman i 'm not exactly knowledgeable about what you feel but if you 're upset and need a shoulder i 'm always here . 
  i wo n't understand most of your terms though ( like cis ) but i 'm gon na listen . 
  ohhh ... 
  i 'm sure not only thailand has transsexuals . 
  dunno what that user think or what his sexual preferences are but i 'm sure he 's not very into dehumanization . 
  i 've read lot 's of his posts , 
  what 's disgusting ? 
  i guess my bad english and first a little misunderstanding . 
  the second time i kinda insulted a mod not knowing he 's a mod and he does n't exactly has a great sense of humour . 
  too bad for me . 
  edit : no pm please / u/vexcative !, 
  i always have nasty things to say if i 'm very upset . 
  not the case tonight though . 
  and i really do n't want to be banned either ... again hahaha yeah ... a pea from my garden maybe . 
  no , it was just a joke . 
  play with your toys tonight . 
  hmmmm ... kinda off topic question but there is any multiplayer online chess app for android ? 
  i miss playing with someone better than me . 
  no , we wo n't argue for anything tonight since you were a good boy and ate all your lettuce and peas . 
  username kinda checking up . 
  huh ?!? 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't have your argument tonight !, 
  now eat your vegetables and up to bed with ya !, 
  oh ... yeah , i guess you 're right . 
  i know that unfortunately . 
  but ... 
  i 'm from the balkans too , kinda . 
  any socialist party is a commie remnant , even in western europe . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  romania 's first party is a social-democrat one , it does n't say anything about how conservative we are in fact . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm very sorry but i 'm sure you 're talking about us not hungary here . 
  i know about those unfortunately . 
  i 'm not one of his supporters but i ca n't see anything there who can replace him and fidesz . 
  unfortunately !, 
  thank god !, 
  i thought you 're another one . 
  you really remembered what i said months ago ?!, 
  that 's a record since i barely know what i 've said this morning . 
  it 's ... 
  i thought it 's someone i talked . 
  yes . 
  that 's kinda weird you know . . 
  oh ... what atrocities i 've . . ?!? 
  i really do n't understand what and about whom you 're talking about . 
  i 'm not germany, 
  one year ago and you remember ?!, 
  wow !, 
  remarkably , 8 percent of french people say `` they are convinced by the european project '' despite watching eurovision .
