  i had the chance ( well , not exactly ) to see and learn in rwanda for two years in my childhood and they do that to . 
  now , i talked about what the greek redditors seems to believe . 
  looks like arnold schwarzenegger with a big testicular problem !, 
  / s it was a joke , i very much like your cow my latvian friends  !, 
  you had cows on your old money ?!? 
  silver cow ? 
  i knew it !, 
  i always knew it . 
  thank you very much for the confirmation , always knew it ... hail !, 
  : ^ d edit : please do that !, 
  absolutely !, 
  i do n't know , what the greek redditors say !, 
  they say . . well , you know english so . . 
  that could be a problem too , you know ? 
  maybe because it 's not just bull . . maybe because it 's something you 're used to ( u ca n't imagine something like that happening here though ) and they do n't want to bother you . 
  yes , i 've seen that now . 
  it should have been on tv !, 
  in primetime . 
  oh , sorry i did n't look at the date . 
  so , why did n't they publish anything about it ? 
  if an mp would say such thing here he will be ... not mp in the future . 
  or he will bury his party into oblivion . 
  at least i like to think this will happen lol, 
  then it is n't good . 
  they need to change that , i mean it 's crazy to do that . 
  so 19 century !, 
  no , all of them call themselves `` machidoni '' . 
  they came from a larger area than today 's republic of macedonia or fyrom ( whatever suits you ) and they call themselves like that . 
  why should n't a guy from this republic do the same thing ?!, 
  i would be pretty proud if i would be greek and someone else find its identity in my history . 
  in the end they 're more macedonian than anatolian greeks , since most of them are assimilated locals . . like most of us . 
  thanks . . 
  mom 's i 'm the last one !, 
  i 've four grandparents one grand-grandma two parents and two big brothers , until they get me i 'll be retired in greece or florida . . or dead . 
  then , it should be in latvian too later . 
  oh , there 's a lot of articles on the official websites ( in english ) which are n't in the national language allover the world . 
  if he said that and it is n't on latvian tv 's tomorrow that 'll be concerning . 
  are you sure ? 
  i mean , you 're greek , you do n't know their school schedule . 
  do you ? 
  not possible !, 
  really ?!?!, 
  i had black friends back in the day , but i was enlightened by adolf hitler and . . some other people i have no idea what their names are . . and i never ever gon na look at a person who is n't whiter than cheese . . , or milk cos cheese can be blue !, 
  long wooden pole you said ?? 
  where hmmmm ... 
  oh gim me a break , gypsies need a chance too . . 
  why ? 
  does n't the mp said that , or is some sort of censorship in latvia ?!, 
  genuine question !, 
  jewish jokes , best jokes !, 
  what a great post !, 
  i 'll be buried under so many downvotes for saying this haha :d, 
  but is n't true what these guys say , that in your history classes kids learn that `` crap '' ? 
  i 'm sorry , as you may be aware , i 'm not very knowledgeable about your country 's school system , 
  `` slavic '' , if they were germanic or romance i guess it would n't be that bad and insulting , but slavic . . oh , the horror !!!, 
  sorry , that 's what i understood from your statement 's spelling , 
  romanian aromanians are called macedonians , even if they came from albania or greece , without any kind of connection with alex 's macedonia . 
  true , in the end there were many `` macedonias '' through time . 
  aromanians in romania are called macedonians ( makidoni or something like that ) and nobody think about alexander 's empire when they 're mentioned . 
  would be better if you guys ( your gov and historians ) would give up to all that `` ancient crap '' , you do n't need it anyway and from what i know your minority rights are eons ahead greece ( maybe that 's why i like you ) . 
  `` i 'm vardarian '' . 
  you know what , it really sounds cool !, 
  you just prove / u/grolls point here lol . 
  you know `` we wo n't change anything cuz they bully us to do it '' . 
  hmmm , depends on what teenagers . 
  of course if twelve years olds are included in the polls , it would be . . inconclusive . 
  but i think i 'm mature enough to be part of any kind of poll since some time , i 'm 18 , and enough people my age are . 
  we are n't stupid , all of us , even if most of us try hard to look like that haha :d, 
  no , portuguese is a nice language !, 
  i think we talk about our own interests anyway !, 
  i 'm hungarian , living in romania , and i still understand your language hahaha i still think portuguese is russian in disguise !, 
  what if you , the gay person , try to work in here !, 
  yeah , you 'll be looked down for like , two minutes , until you gon na talk !, 
  i 'm sorry , you still have a strong army ( since you need it ) , and lot of attention from teh our very much boss . . the freedom fighter !, 
  lolol turkish government should n't be in eu , if you think different i guess we gon na have a fight . 
  turkey is in europe , when it wants to : /, 
  those beautiful teeths are named , if i 'm not mistaken , proteza in romanian . 
  trust me , my best girl friend has those :d, 
  priezidient like ? 
  . . with same faith but with a different language . 
  kinda . 
  that 's a garden you infidel !!!, 
  thank you !, 
  damn i 'm good and i do n't even know portuguese :d, 
  job in a slaughterhouse in spain ?!?!, 
  that 's haram like hell ... pigs mate , pigs , 
  thanks for the detailed response . 
  that 's what you said ? 
  i refuse to believe that people here can be so stupid !, 
  this sub is n't like that dump , i wo n't name it , where people swear at each other under anonymity disguise . 
  i really really hope you 're wrong !, 
  hmmm , / u/lonely _ hunter20 said `` nothing '' you said `` nothing '' . . he/she 's at +9 you have 0 controversial ( 1 with my upvote ) . 
  something 's fishy here . 
  oh , i think i 've answered to a month old one some time ago . 
  i guess it 's about respect or something , you ca n't understand it anyway since you 're a papist :p and i would n't deserve my name if i 'll do otherwise , 
  glad to hear that , papist / s : ^ d, 
  slivovitz , palinka , tzuica , rakia ... same thing , more or less , so yes , 
  okay burebista , catholic one grrrrr , decebalus was a guy who lived here like 2000 years ago . 
  looks like my place . 
  we have lots of mist and conifers , and higher mountains .
