  yes but their in their justice system proves are irrelevant . 
  she may very well could be just a `` isis bride '' like many girls from europe and not a criminal or a * sniper * . 
  i have a request for notmal in the head people . 
  please stop filling my inbox with sexual , racist and misogynistic curses !, 
  i may be wrong but that 's my opinion . 
  downvote me and forget me if you think i 'm wrong but do n't call me `` subhuman '' for emphasizing with a girl close to my age ( even if she 's a criminal ) . 
  thank you . 
  not many people have the same critical thinking like you and me unfortunately . 
  how many girls just all for a man who 'll sell them into prostitution ? 
  i think her case is similar only instead of prostitution she got jihadism and brainwashing . 
  many here want her dead and etc. . . 
  but they only know iraqi point of view and justice in iraq make out own ministry of justice looking like a star trek spaceship in front of a kayak . 
  you assumed wrong . 
  i do n't mind to see a white 25yo terrorist killed . 
  stupidest things were made by much older people . 
  one of it i guess it 's me writting on this thread and ending up with my inbox filled with `` you 're a subhuman '' by 20 days old accounts which post only on / r/altright lolol, 
  not if you 're a minor . 
  they 'll be able to do it tomorrow if they want that . 
  god forbids !, 
  allegedly in iraq does n't mean the same thing as here . 
  i know man but she 's a child . 
  look at her . 
  for god sake she even had my stature . 
  because she 's a minor . 
  i know . 
  but i 'm still a little confused about my feelings . 
  she may not be a toddler but she definitely is n't an adult either . 
  i do n't know ... she 's a kid . 
  yes but she 's a minor and a citizen of your country . 
  your own law ask you ( i hope ) to get her the hell out of there . 
  punish her in germany !, 
  yes i know . 
  but she 's way too young to pay with her life a damn stupid choice . 
  i guess since i 'm close to her age and a woman i kinda put myself in her place and it does n't feel great . 
  bring her home and then punish her according to our laws . 
  i mean we accepted 25yo jihadist men back so we can do it for a child !, 
  c'mon kristina ... she was n't a sniper more than i am . 
  and even if she was ( i know that would n't sound good ) she 's one of us and she should be tried in europe . 
  give her life imprisonment and call it a day but get her out of there !, 
  my opinion . 
  not according to people here who want to see her dead . 
  they are n't fighters when they 're prisoners . 
  especially a 16yo girl is not !, 
  i know i 'll be downvoted to death but i want her back home . 
  she really does n't deserve to be raped and shot or hanged in some hellhole in iraq only because she 's stupid . 
  she could be sentenced to death there !, 
  bring her home . 
  she 's stupid but she does n't deserve to die !, 
  hmmmm ... 
  of course not . 
  romanian brown bears are n't that lazy . 
  they can kill you ... not like those chinese lazy-arse pandas who eat bamboo and sleep all day long . 
  yes and tab\u0103r\u0103 in romanian . 
  fighting against the pope . 
  well , these are the people i like . 
  if they have a good reason to be there i can see why they 'll be a train ticket to the north even if it 's a little strange since i 'm the 90 's people from eastern europe were locked up in camps and deported back quite fast . 
  now these people are just free to roam wherever they want ? 
  oh do n't worry . 
  i know what you mean . 
  ol\u00e9, 
  okay ... so now what ? 
  they 'll be able to cross into continental spain without any kind of check ? 
  if it is n't true i 'm sure a spaniard will tell us . 
  i wish i could be able to do that too at ro-hu border : '' (, 
  and then they 'll accuse us for what those bears will do there . 
  instead romanians are gypsies it will be romanians are bears . 
  hmmmm ... 
  i think they could just move them in some reservations ( like they did with buffalos ) not kill them all . 
  my opinion of course . 
  and then we can say it is ~ ~ merkel 's ~ ~ may 's fault because she invite them !, 
  i know a shepherd who has his intestines out of his belly after a bear attack . 
  do n't underestimate them especially when they 're upset or hungry . 
  flair checks out , 
  inside the parliament would be better . 
  send the navy * sheeps * !!!, 
  they did their job against russians . 
  why did you assumed that form of life is hungarian ?!, 
  a comment so stupid even the most stupid comments i 've ever made looks like are made by a genius . 
  of course . 
  unfortunately . 
  it 's pretty much the same here too . 
  `` cucumbers '' and `` onion growers '' . 
  they try to enforce a law which exists in our country . 
  one of those laws our dear leaders try to make it obsolete now so they can legalize even more the theft from public money . 
  ummm ... are you a state employee ?!, 
  you sound like you know how these things work , 
  i 'll think about another thing next time . 
  they eat children and killed jesus . 
  gee ... do n't you know that already ? 
   turns out the nazis were ~ ~ inconsistent ~ ~ stupid af ftfy, 
  how can a human being with brains and everything ... be so damn f. . king stupid ?!, 
  i ca n't understand that !, 
  i just ca n't !, 
  i do n't know if that 's the case since most ( if not all of them ) where way too young back in the communist times . 
  not to mention that france is n't exactly a good example either . 
  unfortunately i could n't \u2702 those lovely of yours . 
  you wan na peel that for ya ? 
  honey ... how could you even have such a horrible thought ?!? 
  go to sleep my love ... . 
  that would make you drown ... my dear,
