  yes , europeans !, 
  europeans like trump or flynn . 
  edit : we just love usa here , too bad you gon na sell us for nothing !, 
  when we gon na realise that we are the west now ? 
  you guys play the central european card . . learn that you are n't different then !, 
  france interest should be our interests from now on !, 
  just like portugal interests are our own . 
  it should . 
  america , ksa and now russia and iran are the boss there and all the crap is on us . 
  we make fences and people from there freeze in serbia not in new york !, 
  you need new glasses !, 
  they talk something like rkgrwkmwkmrkmrkw and are slavs . 
  and ljubljana is their capital city . 
  and they 're confused with slovakians . . kinda like austria/australia or budapest/bucharest . 
  disclaimer : the talking is a joke !, 
  but they 're still called * peasants * even if they live in the middle of bucharest . 
  for some of us who live in the countryside is a little insulting . 
  oh my god !, 
  i wish i would n't read your link , that 's so sad !, 
  poor girl !, 
  as a almost victim of a rape i ca n't stop wanting to see them dead since my hate for them is ingrained in my soul . 
  that does n't mean i 'll do it or let it happen . 
  i 'm against death penalty . 
  thank you !, 
  the quote described my feelings exactly . 
  then i can be forgiven since i was a victim . 
  ewwww, 
  great ... am i guilty for wanting them dead ?!, 
  i 'm sorry but i just ca n't keep my feelings in when i see things like that . 
  edit : i 'm a nice person and very helpful . 
  i 'm not a death wisher . 
  you have no idea . . : '' (, 
  ** romania ** we protest against corruption !, 
  that 's all !, 
  uneducated dumbasses aka peasants alex !, 
  it 's a given for romanian youth . 
  i rather think about prove him guilty . 
  i 'm a law student by the way . 
  i 'm not romanian either and people like me in prahova . 
  i know what oltenia is mr downy !, 
  edit : mul\u021bumesc !, 
  hahaha, 
  you really wan na go there ? 
  it 's muntenian not oltenian . 
  edit : thanx for downvotes . 
  lol, 
  yes . 
  i 'm a peasant myself and we are n't exactly dumb , we just look and take care for our own * yard * . 
  just like you do about your apartment in a city . 
  it works for stupid people . 
  fortunately when `` mamaliga '' explodes it 's not good to be * there * !, 
  he 's a teacher for f. . sake . 
  his wife is a teacher too . 
  what if he would 've speak russian ? 
  i bet she would n't mind that, 
  that would be putin and trump . 
  this combination would be just a devil . 
  source i was there . 
  what a. . ?!, 
  a dutch know things here !, 
  it 's pro sebi ghita , that 's worse than pro psd . 
  rtv . . cristoiu ... yeaaah right !, 
  they call them nazi !, 
  damn , something is way too similar here . 
  if he only was a priest ... what a devil he would be in our minds . 
  a hungarian jew priest !, 
  wow !, 
  i never understood this soros thing . 
  why not ... putin or obama ?!, 
  or bill gates ? 
  let 's try that in bulgaria . 
  move all your prisons in varna and try achieving at least two micheline stars so we can move our thieves there . 
  what happens in poland this year surely gon na happen in romania in maximum three years . 
  good things or bad things , it 's a damn curse !, 
  exactly what some people want . 
  it is ? 
  he/she makes fun of it ? 
  or what ? 
  do n't worry !, 
  it 's okay . . kinda , 
  edit : scuze, 
  i feel bad and it reminds me something i do n't want to be reminded . . but i 'm ok !, 
  no no no !, 
  it 's okay !, 
  e : i 'm okay, 
  this thing is n't something you can joke about !, 
  i know how it is and it 's horrible !, 
  edit : you feel like a used thing , even toilet paper looks better than you . 
  i tried to kill myself but thankfully i did n't knew how to do it . 
  now when i write this i feel again like i felt back then and it 's just horrible !, 
  edit2 : you ca n't move , you ca n't fight back . . you 're like a plate where they put the food on . 
  i really tried : '' ( ... 
  i could n't move !, 
  i ca n't write more i 'm sorry, 
  i do n't think you read my post . 
  make my post great again and read it . 
  i guess the guy who f with your country inspired his action from a computer game . 
  i 'm sorry for us both !, 
  we 'll learn it back some of it to you . . now say mul\u021bumesc , it 's the first step for merci ( which you already have lolol ) . 
  great . . let 's make europe like this map again !,
