  `` ca n't we just stay , since we 're already there , mr. 
  what you mean ? 
  glorious tutrakan will smash reagan 's face with a compot jar ... for the glory of comrade zhytkov of course . 
  i already prepared my egg bombs and rpm ( rocket propelled meatballs ) !, 
  hurra !!!, 
  those were some hell of a meatballs :p, 
  glorious tutrakan !, 
  literally :d, 
  it definitely means that in romanian !, 
  i literally choke with the pretzel i 've eat when i read it . 
  :d edit : dammit , even now i feel something in my neck . 
  dat villager and his bal ... eggs hahahahaha, 
  ponta ?!, 
  nah , you confuse him with our ex-president :d, 
  well , you know we are just those insignificant eastern euros who speak russian and use zlotys or something like that . 
  third world on par with bangladesh and papua new guinea . 
  i think it 's funny , most of the time and i have the ability to spot the american as a bonus when read those things . 
  : ^ d edit : ad words . 
  that 's exactly what i thought when i heard him saying that . 
  `` amazing !, 
  so the party image is more important than the country 's one , you idiot ? '', 
  not that we have one heck of a good image ... but still . 
  damn , he looks so . . oriental . 
  he claims italian and albanian/aromanian background but he looks like he 's straight from tokyo . 
  curious . 
  he looks like a mobster . 
  looks like you guys know each other since before this thread :p, 
  i would n't use such strong words . 
  i think he/she 's just american ; ^ ), 
  zloty is the polish currency . 
  i see what happens here . 
  latin today , vulgar latin tomorrow and in a couple of weeks ... ta da . . 
  romanian !!!, 
  hehehe you cheeky cheeky boy : ^ d, 
  nobody speaks english here anyway :p, 
  where 's my shotgun ... :p, 
  well , since i 'm hungarian by ethnicity i think the answer is pretty obvious ;d, 
  i already hear the pitchforks sound rising in vidin :d, 
  my language is of proud and glorious magyar ... 
  wait a minute . 
  you can use glorious magyar as the official language of the empire 0.0 nah , does n't work . . romanians will riot : /, 
  good luck in romania with that : ^ d, 
  he 's busy building mosques on the moon ;p, 
  somebody shoot this blasphemy spreader !!!, 
  where 's that cannon when you need it . . ?!, 
  keep it , we do n't need a cartoon dog anyway ^ ^ / s, 
  stop swearing there will ya ^ ^ / s, 
  i really thought it 's real :d since we talk about `` teh sultan erdog\u00e1n '' it really does sound legit , that guy can come up with almost anything . 
  they think he tried to get rich , having all the cards in his hand and failed . 
  nobody will ever think he was a honest person and unfortunately they might have a point seeing how massive corruption is in this region . 
  what you said here is the complete opposite of clanish ( tribal ) mentality . 
  it 's more than anything a proof of romanians individualistic ( i do n't give a fk about anyone but myself ) mentality . 
  of course i do n't say that 's the case , but that 's what one can understand from what you said , in my opinion . 
  we kinda want to be safe , you know and the last news are n't quite tasty for us . 
  albania and macedonia it 's a must , but not today !, 
  i 'm kind of a small thing , not my bike !, 
  i 'd love something big , but i ca n't handle it . 
  it 's second hand , my dad buy it since i do n't work yet . 
  i 'm not quite from transylvania , i 'm more from partium/maramaros so we do n't usually drink blood !, 
  usually ... grrrrrrr, 
  er 6n here . 
  i 'm not something bad and big unfortunately : ^ d, 
  it worked for us , `` eastern europeans used to hardship '' ( gim me a fking break ) !, 
  i eat just like you mr. john/yannis/jean / ian and i very nicely pay the same amount of money when abroad , and i very much get kidnapped by idiots in africa/me just like you and i. . . and , and , and i do n't have anything planned for tomorrow without you , but i ca n't say nothing cos i 'm eastern european and my voice is largely laughed about by anyone ... ... especially by you , western euros . 
  ummm ... who are you , mr viktor ? 
  do n't answer , was a jk !, 
  you were wrong of course and i was , like always , right : ^ d, 
  no no no ... 
  i do n't judge anything !, 
  i just want to be safe !, 
  got lots of prejudice by being able to ride a motorcycle here , i really do n't have any plans for more problems . 
  and we 're only five people , three girls and two guys . 
  no guns :d so ... 
  i said `` that place '' is like . . we thought to ride through macedonia and kosovo too , but since it 's kinda same like northern albania , i and my friends , think we better give a chance to bulgaria and turkey instead . 
  this shooting thing was quite ... not good for us . 
  source for homosexual marriage ... 
  i 'm joking , i 'll google myself . 
  my motorcycle has a romanian plate , so i 'll be out of the `` serbian danger '' . 
  i 'll talk in hungarian most of my time there , so i ask `` i 'm in danger because of that ? 
  i 'm very sorry , but things like that are not something we usually saw ever ( that 's why the syria thingy ) !, 
  here , where i live , when police shows up everybody obey . 
  we , most of us , obey the law too lolol : ^ d, 
  i absolutely did n't thought albania is . . like you said !, 
  you see ? 
  you `` generalisate '' me :d legalized gay marriage ?!, 
  really ? 
  you are from where in those big balkans ? 
  well , i 'm very aware about my safety ( stupid me ) and for me it 's a `` no go '' zone just like syria ( rpg 's against police forces for god sake !, 
  i 'm a woman . 
  how the people there see a small girl riding a kawasaki ? 
  in the leather costume ? 
  i do n't drink ( drunk , drank ?! ), 
  more than a glass of wine or a beer ... 
  i throw up if i drink more , usually :d i never ride anything : ^ d when in that situation . 
  absolutely . 
  those pistols just fly out of the window shooting by themselves in my village !, 
  generalisation hurts yo brand new brain !, 
  i 'm not sure , but it sounds like today 's syria . 
  it 's not what i thought about albania !, 
  this is quite a disappointment for me , since we talked to ride to the `` deep balkans '' and albania was our primary goal , in the autumn .
