  maybe you 're right . 
  i 'll wait for the next generation , but i 'll be damn if i wo n't push it again when i 'll be pregnant , 
  you thiefs !!!, 
  the sweet/sweet gold is ours ... where 's that axe ?!, 
  it 's a canadian here and we need to prepare a stake/steak !, 
  ( beef or pork ? ), 
  wow , thanks !, 
  fix it , 
  being there does n't help the people !, 
  but i agree , we need something different than cyanide separation . 
  development needs money . 
  that gold means nothing until is dug up and put in the bnr treasury . 
  unfortunately you 're right , people in charge are idiotic sob 's who know what to do with our money only when it 's in their interest . 
  but , i still think that gold should be dig up ( as ecologically friendly possible ) because we are a poor country and we really need to use our resources for the people who live here . 
  and we need to use them in the end anyway . 
  because we , as a country , need that safety net named money . 
  my personal opinion is that we should dig them !, 
  but it should be made by a state company and only after kovesi clear the area . . if you know what i mean , 
  no river , coming from there go to ukraine . 
  the project was to make a lake of cyanide close to the mines . 
  that 's good news , i mean people learn more about internet and how to use their devices . 
  but in the same time it 's a shame for a country like turkey . 
  damn , you have lots of mixture in you  i 'm very blonde , but i dye my hair brown-ish and fortunately ( after two or three days of pain and cussing everything and everyone ) i can tan lolol, 
  sorry , i forgot you 're turkish !, 
  since you know better ... 
  i better take care of may self !, 
  yes , i do !, 
  unfortunately for you . . 
  budget in greece buddha !!, 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't quite understand you !, 
  where 's my iron spike ?!?!? 
  are you scared ? 
  gim me a break mate , you have no idea how many we think about us as soviets and rednecks . 
  so they have to kill eachother ? 
  why , for god sake ? 
  i 'm 18 , 19 next july , and i very much love to show off . . sometimes :p i know my ass will be safe in northern turkey , but my brothers and parents do n't think so . 
  may turkish friends are very disappointed , maybe they 'll change my mom 's mind !, 
  i know turks do n't quite love kurds , but i also know that it was a armistice ( like in we do n't kill eachother ) . 
  could be what you said ? 
  to be honest , romanian tendencies would be . . being slow and actually accept anything . 
  until recently . . !, 
  we must take the istanbul route . 
  we gon na , if we going , turkish free insists , we 'll took the northern turkey route to caucasus !, 
  be careful , you 'll be downvoted . 
  usually rural people , like me , have internet here and from what i 've seen in turkey they are n't very different . . 
  i 've seen only western turkey though . 
  to be honest , for some ( most ) politicians would be `` spot on '' . 
   i 'm very romanian for a magyar , 
  i do n't understand greece being put there !, 
  my parents are there now and they had n't problems with anything , they did n't even saw migrants . 
  he 'll be best buddy with my great gramps , but i think even him will be appalled by my gramps talking , 
  i really feel sorry for turkey cos people like you . 
  you guys need someone else in ankara . 
  yes , but not many people are able to do that , in turkey or whenever , so the population at large will eat what its fed . . gov propaganda . 
  i really really hope you 're wrong !, 
  but i kinda know you 're more or less right :(, 
  yes , go full middle ages . . that 's how we 'll resolve anything !, 
  i 'm a girl and i feel like c. . . when i heard more and more news about sexual abuses , covered by authorities only cos the perpetrators were from mena countries . 
  but really , pitchforks ?!? 
  why not a machinegun ? 
  that 's exactly what we need , beat some innocent on the street cos he does n't look like us and put a spike in politicians ass !, 
  that will send us in that progressive future we all dream about . 
  do n't bet on that , america back then was n't quite pc . 
  should ?!, 
  like , the gov would 've preferred to be pkk not isis ? 
  i understand that , but . . in the end it 's about `` my people and my country '' so they should let people know what the hell is going on . 
  i 'll never understand turkey . 
  that 's just my inexperienced opinion . 
  seven years ago i was eleven , so ... 
  i think when it 's about gypsies , vampires lost their sense of humour loooong ago :d, 
  it does n't . 
  it 's a shame for me to have the same ethnicity with those idiots !, 
  yep , but they 're worse at suicide blastings :p / s, 
  unfortunately it very much did . 
  i had planned a motorcycle trip through turkey all the way to georgia in may , together with two turkish friends , beside others , but i 'm quite sure we wo n't do it . 
  my turkish friends gon na be very upset on us and i still try to figure it out how to tell them the news : /, 
  of course we take better pics than algerians  / s, 
  i think he/she joked . 
  you know , with all the stereotypes about our country . . , 
  unfortunately it kinda scared me . 
  if i 'll ever go to turkey , i 'll try to visit the countryside of thrakia . 
  i was there two years ago !, 
  not a very good map , in romania we got protests after the `` colectiv tragedy '' and the pm resigned . 
  i reckon we never had any kind of terrorist attack yet . 
  internet restrictions incoming !, 
  i hope not , for you and the other turkish redditors but ... :(, 
  why ban it if it 's isis ?!, 
  i do n't understand !, 
  bbc is not that bad , i think . 
  cancan for everybody !!!, 
  c'mon now , not every press related thing in britain is daily mail , 
  like bulgaria does n't have enough problems with them ... 
  i love it here !!!, 
  who would n't ? 
  it 's my home , of course i like it . 
  we speak both hungarian and romanian , our romanian is n't very good but to be honest neither romanians from here talk/write in proper romanian ( oas country ) . 
  no , why should i ?!, 
  i do n't even have hungarian citizenship . 
  i live in nw part of romania , you may have to look for a szekler ( they live in the very center of romania ) for such things :p, 
  it 's where i live .
