  let 's be honest , if assyria would be a country , it will be in europe . 
  ca n't you see what 's going on in your east , can you see how christian people do n't have a choice in syria and iraq and . . , not a reproach , we let you build your mosque and it 's a struggle for us to build/buy a building for a church ( no matter the denomination ) in turkey ? 
  first time for me !, 
  romanians never go `` remove ... '' anything else but ... us = : / lolol, 
  we as in ... ? 
  georgia 's orthodoxy is different from russian , greek , romanian etc orthodoxy , same with armenia ( they have a catholicos for job 's sake ) !, 
  edit : words !, 
  yes , that was the little guy 's name , wolodszovski !!!, 
  i 've seen the movie on telly . 
  edit : the book was much better !, 
  i 've seen a movie about that book , but it was no match for my imagination when i 've read those books ; ), 
  i loved sienkiewicz 's book , dunno the english title or polish , the one with the bohdan khmielnizki ( sp ) riot , `` through sword and fire '' i think , not sure tho . 
  i 've read it when i was eleven or ten and i 've learned that rz is more like j from there and other interesting stuff about polish alphabet ... 
  i cried a lot when the lithuanian knight died and pan zagluba was my favorite character , 
  op , if you ask that question then you better be the one who name some . 
  it 's not like you asked for `` only french , italian , spanish , british , russian and maybe german ... '' , since you did n't named any title ( from so many in romania ) you just invited . . 
  i do n't know , estonian redditors ( just a example ) , to not even consider writing in your thread . 
   edit : my atrocious english is the result of me not being born close to any british colony . 
  not quite , in the first book we read about all sorts of killings and revenge and god will kill you in a horrible way if you touch his `` basket '' and in the second we have only forgiveness and good stuff for everyone . . john lennon singing ... lalala ( crucifixion included ) , until the apocalypse , when they start the killings and massacres once again : / my review : kinda meh . 
  lol , of course i 've heard of atat\u00fcrk . 
  but was n't he a little too much into dictatorship for 2015 european taste ? 
  ; ) no worries , here is the same !, 
  no fktard who was in power was good for the country . 
  i 'm not sure about the actual president and the new pm does n't even formed his cabinet , but i ca n't think of one politician who is n't corrupt . 
  unfortunately this is the sickness of eastern europe . 
  thankfully we did not had a civil war and nationalist parties ( both romanian and magyar , in romania ) are more or less the laughing stock of the elections . 
  did really berisha sell fuel to serbia ?!, 
  that would be like romania sending fuel to russian troops in transdnistria in 1992 !, 
  that 's what knowing nothing about eastern europe means . 
  and yes , i lived in africa too . 
  well , he imposed something on your people that you ( youngsters , older ones ) did n't like ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious , since i know nothing about your country 's political life . 
  i try to understand my parents way of thinking and i ca n't lololol :d and they are very much into modernity . 
  thank you !, 
  got theraflu if you do n't like fervex :( it 's horrible !!!, 
  fervex + paracetamol + aspirin + lots of hot baths + a big and heavy furry blanket . 
  put some coughs and that 's it !, 
  you have a nice and tasty flu right there :(, 
  what reforms he did ? 
  unfortunately , we know more about uk and spain than about our neighborhood , politically wise . 
  i mean , i very much know about mariano rajoi ( sp ! ), 
  but you can put a gun on my head and i have no idea who 's the pm or president of serbia . . not to mention albania or slovenia . 
  i know about sally berisha ( sp ! ), 
  though :d, 
  do it with your friends !, 
  do it online !, 
  okay , now i had to look down to see why . 
   then i realized ... 
  look at us ( not me , i 'm way too scared ) , but you can move something !, 
  i 'm sorry for my atrocious english . 
  and why not go ahead and shout your needs for truth in the streets ? 
  exeptind war , which we fortunately did n't had , the rest is same as here !, 
  not quite , since i saw your country , poverty is a. . . little way of forward , and people 's niceness is incredible !!!!!!, 
  boys are awesome and scared by me , black leather suit and black helmet :(, 
  what ?!???!?? 
  i really do n't want to upset you , and i can get it , most people are rural ( like meself ) . 
  same here , but force the cable tv on them . . makes wonderful things in the country side !, 
  looks like i must contest my existence then : /, 
  until she/he will answer , i 'll take your word for granted !, 
  yes , you better be suspicious !, 
  that was my message . 
  and it 's she not he !!!!!, 
  it means what i wrote . 
  there 's only two people like you in albania ? 
  no , you can not ... ^ ^ ^ yet, 
  why do n't you and peep 's like you go romania and fuck those politicians arses in jail ? 
  sent them to hell and you 're be a busy and rich paradise ... 
  i joke but still  with your geography ... 
  incredible !, 
  :( i tell you something , mr immigrant in germany , the father of our emergency system is a. . . palestinian , syrian , lebanese , something arab anyway ( we dont even care ) and i think muslim . 
  raed arafat , people here go out in the streets for him 3 years ago . 
  it 's normal to go to another country for that ? 
  my big brother is in the army too , and he had some , study he said , in turkey and israel , but the academic studies he did in romania !, 
  there 's no military academy in albania ?!? 
  it 's just a quick question , do n't hate me for that plz !!, 
  damn , i forgot !!!, 
  i 'm very sorry !, 
  : / well you should , cos you have the speech , trust me , i lived all over the world in my childhood following my dad and i kinda know what a hell i 'm into : ), 
  they should know that , for christen sake !, 
  that 's why they are/try to be in power ... where the money are !, 
  people 's money ( i sound like lenin now ) !, 
  you wrote it more than right !, 
  i 've expected to see something different , instead you did exactly what was normal . 
  did you see yourself working in diplomacy in the future ? 
  please tell me you 're more than 17 by the way !, 
  my `` official '' religion belief is evangelical reformed , a christian protestant denomination . 
  what 's yours ? 
  ( no need to answer it you do n't want to ) what 's amazing , is that i rather feel most attached by virgin mary ( lots of catholic and orthodox here ) , do n't say the world !, 
  what i find amazing is the stupidity of those who almost have absolute power . 
  why the hell you would use wiretapping against anyone , when you can just shut them up by buying them or accidentally ... ?!, 
  keep some sort of good image outside the country ? 
  i 'm sorry , i should 've known better !, 
  it 's about the fire that happened in bucharest . 
  literally the spark who start those protests . 
  and i will never be able to understand that !, 
  bulgarians as a people seems more `` passionate '' ( crazy sometimes ) than romanians , but you still do n't strike those thieves in the head already . 
  why so much apathy ?!? 
  your pm said , like 6 or 7 month ago , bulgaria will surpass romania in 3 months in corruption fight ... and nothing has changed . 
  does anyone ask him out for that lie ? 
  if there 's no other way ( not a free media , according to op ) , why not ?
