  and . . i 'm not a man !!, 
  those eastern europeans . . 
  i just asked one question and they send me to be a star in gulag asap !, 
  . . what dreams ?!, 
  i kinda kissed a girl once , okay !, 
  i do n't want to be russia :(, 
  no mate , my motorcycle is born and raised in japan , no slave labor there . 
  i think !, 
  so you 're russia or germany ? 
  poland . . ? 
  nah , got from the very maker ... in china !, 
  you 're japanese ?!, 
  i thought you 're turkish !, 
  extraordinary !, 
  my bike ? 
  no way ... you 're into homosex ... putin where are thou ? 
  i do n't dislike your folk , i dislike your leadership , but that 's absolutely another thread to make lol nah , dracula is definitely not turkish :p, 
  you are , i 'm afraid . 
  i must 've been rude , okay i 'll be the smart ass here !, 
  for romanian principalities you ... well not you but ... were a blessing !, 
  you see , smartass all the way ; ^ d, 
  offended by what ?!, 
  i 'm all right . 
  i like them !, 
  my sex life is open for anything !, 
  except kids and animals !, 
  edit : and reddit :p, 
  they are me , sir :d, 
  haha yeah , i like you ... and i 'll bite that ass you show me  do that if you want me to stop !, 
  or say stop !, 
  magyars from romania who ... youtube . . , crap like that . 
  yeah right , okay you can drive a. . . bicycle , i 'll give you that . 
   if you 're offended by anything i say please tell and i 'll stop . 
  really !, 
  what about us ? 
  never met one ? 
  but i did , you silly boy who ca n't ride a motorcycle :p, 
  i , like always , want to be the smartest little shite in the morning . 
  i answered and instead sending i. . . honestly do n't know what the hell i did but i erase it all . 
  of course i had to outsmart your ass and say something `` clever '' like . . 
  i did n't save it . 
  in what you idiot !? 
  the last one was for me . 
  looks like i 'm cursed . 
  here we go again . 
  f. . . k i forgot what i wrote ( did n't save it ) !, 
  and i looked so smart and in the same way very powerful ... yeah i 'm stupid !, 
  and they will , of course , shut the . . door :p nah , they can say whatever they want . . 
  is n't that thread about dirty words ? 
  it is , so i delivered :p, 
  thank you , probably no one else understand what i said anyway ... 
  please god ... 
  i should have been more careful with my . . mouth . 
  i tricked him , come into my nest little one ... . lolololol, 
  do that immediately lol who knows who see what i 've said ... god forbid !, 
  i have three brothers and no sister , not to mention that i 'm the cuddled one since i 'm literally the little one . 
  i 'm kinda ashamed of myself now , but i wo n't erase it ... and you should n't translate what i said  :(, 
  it once again proved that men always answer only when it suits them ; ^ d, 
  you thought i 'm a man ? 
  why ? 
  we ca n't learn ? 
  we ca n't have a bike ? 
  we are made only for your idiots of an organ 's pleasure ? 
  we are stupid ? 
  we 're were you last night ????? 
  i 'm woman enough hahaha edit : yeah , i scared another victim . 
  i really need to be cool and normal until i trick him into my nest ... otherwise i guess i 'll sleep with an empty stomach !, 
  damn !, 
  what i say always make sense , unfortunately most of the time men ca n't understand me . 
  damn them , 
  what 's up with that s. . t ? 
  it 's like is such a big fat deal !, 
  okay , if i like you i will . . let 's see how much you like me . . ;p, 
  my chickens . 
  i think . 
  that 's why i asked if ... looks like i 'm even more suspicious than before ... having a second cold in the summer makes you think about conspiracies :p, 
  i offended you ? 
  men and their thinking lolol, 
  do you want more ? 
  i did n't build anything , i only said you 're wrong in a different way . 
  of course i can compare medieval peasants with sz\u00e9kely autonomy si ce you said they 're too poor to ... ... 
  i wo n't trade my dogs farts for one politician word !, 
  assimilation all right , but let 's keep our own language and culture and ... bhla bhla bhla bhla ... 
  i 'm all for it !, 
  great , you just picked one word i 've said , in quotes , and build your entire answer on it . 
  really , read my comment again please . 
  i talked to ... you know who , and she said it was postponed . 
  in romania is navy day !, 
  you ca n't impress me with your photos op , i 've been there three times already and ... it 's better than that , 
  no way !!!, 
  you 're joking :d, 
  `` the image does not exist ... '' . 
  dunno if you 're serious but we 're related to mongolia in the same way you are related to india , in fact even less since at least your language is indo-european just like indian languages . 
  not that is something wrong with mongol people . 
  i never meet/talked with any mongolian , unfortunately . 
   half mongolian really ?!, 
  ( o.o ), 
  if i 'm poor and want to be `` free '' is extremism for you ? 
  then medieval serves were some sort of extremists . 
  anyway , i 'm not very fond on ethnic separation and crap like this , i 'd better see some sort of united europe ... yeah i know how . . silly me .
