  no problem sir . 
  hey !!!, 
  i 'm still a miss !, 
  in romanian , i guess , it was borrowed from your language . 
  especially since most camed from the south through byzantium . 
  of course they do . 
  irl this thread is nothing and 99.99 people here know the difference but try to get from here to ireland with a romanian passport and stop on the way on every country on the road . 
  even most of poles think that about romanians for god sake hahaha, 
  erasing/destroying a european culture . 
  no , it 's not !, 
  calling this a pogrom is insulting for , maybe , millions who died in real pogroms . 
  this is just a riot . 
  i live in a village , i know how people think and act here in different circumstances and this is nothing like you let us to believe . 
  you have my upvote for the article tho , 
  it 's very interesting ... damn and you said it 's addictive lol how she end up there ? 
  at what age ? 
  why ? 
  no worries , you can answer when you find out or have time for my silliness . 
  eu will be against this . 
  roma eterna !, 
  what about \u021aigani or cig\u00e1ny ? 
  that 's not a slur in english . 
  not all of them . 
  my mum 's best friend is a gypsy woman and she 's no scum !, 
  oh god !, 
  are you serious here ? 
  pogroms ?!?!, 
  that 's not a pogrom made . 
  not everything that sounds racist in eastern europe is a pogrom . 
  we use gendarmes when s. . t hit the fan . 
  rural police is useless if you have a big community who defends the criminals . 
  unfortunately our riots against roma in the early 90s end up with killings and burning entire streets where they lived . 
  fun fact : hungarians and romanians were in a very unprecedented brotherly unity then . 
  you apologize for what ?!?!, 
  it was a joke , i even write it , look up ? 
  in what context ? 
  no worries , i watched it last night ... the grand finale with my mom . 
  * do n't * * say * * the * * world !!!!, 
   your house is now ours and your head is ours if you try to enter in my yard !!!, 
  still going . 
  `` fair value '' indeed . . a banker is a banker , in finland , here , or in antarctica . 
  edit : the state is the banker in this situation . 
  is a little too far for my finances at my age ( like i have any lol ) and a little too dangerous for my gender ^ ^ ^ / s disclaimer : the last part is a joke !, 
  that 's so stupid it hurts my femininity lolol oh , so she did n't said it when they were arguing ? 
  i felt some empathy for the brunette , she almost cried there . 
  both my grandmas and sometimes even my mum like it ... it 's horrible, 
  to keep producing more educated humans who can educate other humans and not being buried under the uneducated masses . 
  i mean , your country is a world in itself . 
  do your duty made , educate your world !, 
  little curious . 
  unfortunately is n't you ( educated etc ) who should do that , quite the contrary . 
  why the two blonde girls were so mean with the brunette girl ?!, 
  and what they said until she ( edit : the blonde girl ) said she did n't knew a single word . . etc ? 
  we have kanald ( in romanian ) here too and two shows like the one you put here . 
  i hate these shows . . even if i kinda cheat and look at them for the lulz . 
  most of the contestants are n't exactly very bright but some of the boys are n't exactly very ugly either . 
  romanians have a very aggressive r in their language too . 
  they talk better in turkish than others ? 
  this guy even has a city-like accent , i did n't believed him or my father that he 's not romanian until i 've seen his id . 
  now he talks hungarian better than anyone in my village ( we kinda developed accents ) except our teachers . 
  lebanese , you have lots of those too and i 'm my opinion they 're the best . 
  i confused one for being french once lol most of those who pray on dinamo stadium are n't from 70s or 80s . 
  they look young . 
  anyways , you know better than me . 
  oh and we even have two iranian families . 
  and i live in a freaking village . 
  many people , even here on this sub , have no idea what and how romania is . 
  for some co-ethnics of mine , they 're worse , 
  i know you are . 
  well , if you were in nw romania in 2014 ( july if i 'm not mistaken ) , you 're completely bald and i 'm your 50s then you 're that guy  for the cargo i have to ask my dad . 
  you talk like you 're britain and he 's greece , the countries !, 
  polandball much mate . 
  why hilarious ? 
  so you wo n't surpass china anytime soon ? 
  it was only an example , i wo n't * accuse * anyone of/for living in luton . 
  or pipera : ^ ), 
  for copos you have my blessing , dunno much about the moldovan tho . 
  pieces are better than prison imo . 
  most have romanian wives ? 
  i do n't know about that , i only know some turkish families and they all but one have locals as family members but they 're extremely integrated here . 
  one of them talk better than me in both our local languages and he 's like 50yo . 
  and yes , i 'm very aware they are n't arabs . 
  lol edit : i live in satu-mare county not bucharest . 
  oh , i 'm sorry for your lost !, 
  rip , 
   since you talk about makidoni and with that username . . i could n't help myself lolol, 
  i think they used the only proper word english language has for that kind of policy . 
  my gramma was almost imprisoned for an abortion , her luck was that her father was a retired communist and she had to milk cows for two years in the village cap ( kinda a kolhoz ) without payment . 
  truck drivers are the worse . 
  coincidentally the most nice one i met was dutch . 
  yeah right . 
  it 's about stereotypes you have about them/us . 
  i mean , i 'm already sick to explain things to other people . . 
  it 's easy to talk about chips on shoulders when you did n't had to have one in your life . 
  one person/people patience has it 's limits . 
  one may say a first world nation , let 's say britain only for the lulz , tend to have more elegant people not massive pricks who just pick on our poverty only to feel better about themselves . 
  `` oh i live in luton and you in pipera , i win cuz i live in britain and you in romania '' type of people make me puke . 
  are n't already plenty arabs in bucharest at least ?!, 
  they 're not * refugees * though . 
  shawarma ^ ^ ( sp * ) is already national food in some places lol,
