  i 've thought about impaling , but your suggestion is better and more on par with our times . 
  i 'm always right/true/whatever !, 
  unfortunately i must go to to school in ... like four hours . 
  stupidity should n't be official in u.s. elections , unfortunately it is !, 
  i did n't talk about candidates , so your downvotes are quite funny ... or fucked up edit : words . 
  you 'll definitely pass 20 million in no time . 
  so ... people like me ( more or less ) should be forbidden from your country . 
  i kinda love amsterdam , not quite sure about english tourist , but i definitely ca n't understand anything in that language ( i only said ya ya and nod , only they 're aware about what a fool i made of myself ) . 
  edit : many words . 
  you should n't have those . 
  do n't hate me , but you do n't give one crap about this country . 
  i 'm not romanian like you , but i care about it . 
  had or have ? 
  and you are or not . 
  moldovans with our citizenship are n't on the stay side though !, 
  not talking about your behavior , other people do that ... 
  sorry i thought he said that 's he 's the new cuza . 
  bad english comprehension from me . 
  i deserve my downvotes anyway . 
  i ( not that my opinion counts ) would be quite happy , in a way . 
  as you know we long for more integration and britain kinda do n't want that . 
  and ? 
  good , another reason for those guys to brexit !, 
  / s to be honest i 'm not exactly against brexit , at least as ireland do n't follow suit . 
  did n't realize you 're british . 
  i always thought you 're one of us , sorry !, 
  always glad to help  what problem ? 
  okay , looks like i ca n't have anything else to talk to you . 
  i just wonder how i can be into this , without being there ?!, 
  i wo n't call you on your name . . but you are one . 
  i always wondered why french move to england . 
  until i heard about farage and start maturing . 
  no it 's not / s, 
  for whom ? 
  world wide , maybe . 
  / r/europe i do n't know . 
  my `` relevancy '' , you 're so wrong that i almost downvote you , 
  open wideeee ... now ... ... 
  did i said i 'm romanian ? 
  you see , you have the same nazi attitude like those guys !, 
  militants may be the key word , brainwashed suits too , about almost any kind of ideology . 
  ceausescu was a nationalist dictator , not a communist !, 
  yeah , i know this . 
  unfortunately they did n't !, 
  especially those born in a liberal type of society . 
  i have absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  ethnically , ideologically , stupidity-wise ... you name it !, 
  not sure if you are aware about how many of us died by the fascists hands too , and how much more died from communists hands no matter ethnicity or ideas . 
  indeed . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone , involved in politics , in this country who can say `` i 'm honest '' . 
  not quite , we do n't exactly have those ( ex-soviet type at least ) . 
  everyone here wanted a normal life , back then . 
  what ? 
  milk in tea is ... 
  i absolutely have no words !!!, 
  death punishment for you is nothing !, 
  how dare you ? 
  go back to syria ya fkin immigrant !!!, 
  disclaimer : this is a joke !, 
  do n't be grumpy now !, 
  unfortunately you 're very right . 
  no he did n't said such thing !, 
  wtf ? 
  nah , we better wait . 
  magureanu and his guys should be prosecuted though . 
  edit : looks like they should n't be prosecuted , downvotes say that . 
  okay , i do n't quite care anyway . 
  i see a lot of similarities . 
  applying same symbols as your genocider is stupid !, 
  neo-nazis lack ideologies and public figures , thanks god , that 's why they behave ( and are seen ) like thugs . 
  and i thank goodness for that !, 
  my two devalued drachmas , 
  exactly what i 've said . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm just amazed by them copying ( or was the other way around ? ), 
  somehing from people who despised them !, 
  same with slavic nazis ( russian ones are very weird ) . 
  i mean i can cope with many things , but a polish nazi is just ... something i ca n't understand . 
  same salute means shit ( pardon me french ) , some romanian teenagers in my village we 're very prone to do that cos is the roman salute they saw in some movies . 
  looks like today 's world , sometimes . 
  and it 's very disturbing and disappointing for people like me and , hopefully , you . 
  i do n't say it was n't bad in greece when they were under the military dictatorship , i say that it was much worse up north and on a greater scale of . . worse . 
  i 'm biased of course since i live here , but i 'm still the great granddaughter of a communist activist ( cadru de partid al p.c.r. ), 
  what about if you want to `` reunite '' germany , from alsace till lithuania ? 
  without any kind of holocaust and `` i 'm from a superior race than ya '' kind of thinking , are they accepted as only nationalists or labeled as nazis ? 
  what 's the difference between etnikos stratos and golden dawn , ideologically speaking ? 
  are they saying that they 're the the seeds of ... 
  whom ?!? 
  nazi germany ?!!, 
  genuine questions , i 'm quite ignorant about greece 's political life and ideologies . 
  do n't even dare to delete it !, 
  it 's funny and you already have my upvote , 
  pitesti experiment , working to death at danube-black sea canal , sighet prison , having liberals , christian democrats , social democrats fighting side-by-side with legionaires ( literally nazis ) against communism up until 60 's etc etc etc and etc ( and i talk only a small part of only one country ) make us . . oh so lucky . 
  greece was the lucky one , big time . 
  haha oh , i think he would 've a choice . 
   josef visarionovich dugashvili is stalin  i know about that yalta napkin , we were the 90 percent su influence who put greece in the western world , by 90 percent margin . 
  sounds like the `` communist '' variant '' of isis . 
  `` you 're not a true muslim '' , `` western/kufar propaganda '' etc etc etc and just like some people who returned horrified from syria , your friend will ( maybe ) have a second thought if he would 've lived in a communist country for a while . 
  he should be thankful he lives in a country where he can say , more or less , whatever the hell he wants . 
  weeell . . that 's not exactly true . 
  someone did chose , it was n't us though , it was good ole joe visarionovich .
