  i was keen to make my life in prague , my friends calling me every odd day , but i must take care ... so i 'll probably pass it since i 'm from romania . 
  :p edit : this is a fast downvote wow :d, 
  the pope does n't matter . 
  this pope `` matters '' because , more or less , he 's cool . 
  that 's all ... folks !, 
  :p i 'm protestant . 
  oh c'mon , i know what farage is !, 
  he 's not some nazi or something , he 's an amazing opportunist . 
  nothing really new about him , except that his `` bhla bhla '' could hurt me , indirectly of course , if i 'd ever go to u.k. 
  i do n't intend to , no worries , 
  damn ... 
  i kinda like monarchies . . , i fancy nice dresses . 
  : ^ d those are `` communist '' types of monarchs . 
  so once they do whatever they think is best with non-french ( non-western europeans ) , they 'll do ... what ? 
  nothing ?!, 
  that 's my bet . 
  yours . . ? 
  after sarkozy . . ? 
  hollande !, 
  what 's wrong with you france ? 
  ca n't wait for some ... escu in there :d, 
  she has `` the pen '' . . 
  `` watered down . . '' it 's definitely not watered down enough since even farage did n't want to be bff with them . 
  how can someone , who got something useful under its skull , can vote for a party who looked like north korea when the old guy parked his own daughter in his place back in the good old days ?!, 
  in france ?!, 
  we 're not talking about some crappy warlord in central africa here for chris sake !, 
  no thanks , we have more cold than you . . in the winter :( : ^ d, 
  two days of constant autumn rain and november-like cold here . . ok , october-like . . something in between . 
  anyway , it 's cold . 
  my grandpa is very concerned about his corn ( i think he 's wrong , since those plans are like two times bigger than me but he knows better ) . 
  mud , lot of mud and rain and my bike 's engine is definitely dead !, 
  of course i have no clue how to fix it , so my day is fucked . 
  not to mention that i have to ask my brothers to `` look '' at it , which is the worst possible thing to do . 
  so yeah , i 'm fine , 
  aww . . so dicks can talk / s, 
  sure thing . . / s, 
  you should see my romanian :d that 's what happens when you live most of your childhood mostly moving from place to place and i do n't mean budapest to szeged , but sydney to bundoran ... to kigali ... 
  right , french and german people where very aware about that ... in the year 1000 !, 
  really ?!, 
  the faith was the engine of all those things , same shite fuels isis today . 
  i live literally ( and i mean it ) on the frontline in that siege and i never heard such thing . 
  here he would get a late night visit from the masked men from antiterrorism department in no time . 
  yes ... can you ask me again , please ? 
  what if someone , same gender , gave you a healthy oral and you really really really enjoy it . . while in the same time did n't feel any kind of attraction to that person , even refusing to kiss it ... what makes you ? 
  except being a jerk : d, 
  wait what ? 
  i lived between ireland and australia much of my life , so yeah . . 
  i think i did . 
  so you 've seen all transylvania , bucharest . . all the coast ? 
  driving a car makes you an expert ? 
  in the best case scenario makes you a sh . . y driver , cos instead of the road you looked at something else . 
  lol ;p, 
  really ?!, 
  so i 've lived all my life in a shitehole and did n't even realize it ... 
  thanks for opening my eyes . . / s you must 've been everywhere in this country . 
  that 's because i usually reply really late ... :p, 
  no worries , i must get used to it :d, 
  like the turks i know , very daring and crazy , 
  the voice of reason , 
  i really must go to sleep . 
  i barely keep the phone in my hand . 
  haha . 
  nah , that 's a song on youtube . 
  da mama . 
  da , mama ... 
  well , that 's up to you !, 
  like tuck it in a fence !, 
  remove what ? 
  the walls ? 
  what , what ? 
  yes , in this minute you are !, 
  into salami ... you ... ... turk  fit in me bed . . 
  i tried my best ... boss , 
  keep it , we usually use horses . 
  ... upset the big bad blue boss !, 
   ill do that ... 
  boss !!, 
  absolutely !, 
  yes of course . 
  i do n't care !, 
  we can continue until ... `` let 's talk irl '' kinda crap !, 
  okay !, 
  okay ? 
  we do n't use donkeys . . we love to put them into salami unfortunately . 
  try more like 18.0 , 
  i 'm absolutely stupid sometimes !, 
  must 've upset you somehow ... eh ? 
  you did , but i ca n't hold a grudge against you . 
  at least you know how old i am ? 
  you said something about a chain , but i do n't understand what chain . 
  you are a great man !, 
  i had a , like always , brainfart and you was there !, 
  i like you more and more !!, 
  i really do n't understand . 
  my ass is cuddled in my bed , how dare you to ... you looked into my ... 
  i guess i must kill myself now !, 
  i 'm s, 
  i was joking for jesus christ sake !, 
  i do n't quite like the guy , i 'm more fond on older guys . . even irl . 
  i never been there either , my dad was .
