  face !!!!!, 
  no , but he 's quite dark . 
  my friend , i do n't give a damn in the name of what your country gon na do that . 
  or if they 'll even do it . 
  it 's just an inconvenience for me , if i 'll ever think to visit your country , that 's all !, 
  i ca n't see the too white one . 
  :p my boyfriend is irish and when one of my grandmothers saw him she thought he 's a gypsy ... so no problem for too much white here hahaha : ddd, 
  polronia and rompolia , of course !, 
  bucharest is a different world from where i live , they 're used with anything . . from gays to non-white ppl !, 
  so you better do that and do n't forget to check us up in northern romania too lolololololol maybe youll see us in a different light !, 
  they 're both , especially antalya . 
  not to mention that i mostly encountered russians in izmir . 
  of course i was at most 6-7 kilometres far from our hotel . 
  no worries , i do n't mind !, 
   it 's nice you 're aware that refusing a convenient number of visas is just a policy . 
  you 're not a bad person , you just took your informations about us from internet and british tele . . :d it 's normal for most western europeans , especially for brits , 
  hahahahaha i 'm sure in antalya you can be gay , i 've seen two on the beach kissing ( one of them was ... oh my goooood !!!! ) . 
  be serious , nobody cares in a resort ... jesus christ , not even in my village you 'll get weird looks for sleeping in the same room with another boy/girl !, 
  antalya is more safe than even my village , seriously !, 
  and they have an airport too . 
  or izmir , same thing with more russians around hahaha :d it 's nothing like you see on t.v. . . . well , nothing is like you see on tele hehehe :d, 
  i did n't had to do it either and i definitely do n't want to have that `` pleasure '' in the future . 
   but i have relatives who died while trying to cross the border back in the day . 
  czech ones too unfortunately . 
  dunno about tunisia but turkish resorts are very safe . 
  i was there myself . 
  ah those !, 
  :d i never seen any unfortunately . 
  since when only whites can be british ?!, 
  i 've seen lots of indian/bangladeshi descent brits even here on reddit who call us eurotrash and defend their britain against our invasion , so it could be a brown british `` gang '' for all i know . 
  yeah , none of us should be allowed here without a visa from a british moderator ! ^ ^ / s, 
  you 're aware that visas are refused by the embassy , no ? 
  and as long as a country is not exactly `` wanted '' its refusal rate will be higher . 
  no , canada is asking about special treatment from eu and it 's gon na get it when they 'll treat us all like equals . 
  edit : thanks for your downvote !, 
  it 's definitely appreciated lolol, 
  no , but i was in albania in september last year . 
  why ? 
  nah , it 's just how it is for most of us in the countryside . 
  not to mention that out bunkers are not so much underground . . , 
  ah . . that 's something you should definitely be worried about haha :d, 
  i think we can live quite comfortable at least 12 month of winter with only what we have on our land/in our house and under it . 
  no worries , there 's no romanian mafia . . if you do n't count our politicians of course . 
  and i 'm of glorious magyar `` race '' anyway hahahaha :d, 
  i live in the countryside and that looks only like three jars ... we already have 49 and i think we 'll reach something like 90 or more until november . 
  not only same stuff of course . 
  but those type will defo gon na be 10 at least because i just love it !, 
  all year round in fact lol :d edit : zimnica sounds like romanian town zimnicea . 
  i wonder if there 's a connection . 
  i reckon i did n't looked on ro wiki !, 
  buy weapons from us please or all 100 milion people who live here will invade !, 
  my great-grandfather , who barely can walk , will lead us all to the bus !, 
  the ticket is 2500 pounds , but who cares ! ^ ^ ^ / s edit : i involved british t.v. 
  stations in my posts , sorry !, 
  yep , that title would definitely `` not '' gon na give more ammunition for our populists !, 
  no , it 's a terrifying experience . 
  consider yourself happy you did n't felt it . 
  i was in a house on the ground and it was horrible , i do n't even want to imagine how is felt at 3-4-10 + floors . 
  back home in satu-mare it was n't felt , but unfortunately i 'm in prahova since yesterday . 
  : / i even dreamt i 'm on a boat , that until i opened my eyes and realize my bed was shaking and i froze ( i think i screamed a little too lol ) . 
  ugly and surreal experience !, 
  my mum obviously panicked and then started shouting at my dad who of course was snoring like there was no tomorrow . 
  when he finally woke up , he just mumbled something about `` crazy women '' and started snoring even louder . 
  it was my second earthquake . 
  of course some will try , we had a tragedy a week ago when some drowned unfortunately ( a 5yo was between the victims : / ) , but it 's not very common and they get caught pretty fast . 
  no it did n't . 
  very few try to pass through here and when they are caught they 're sent back to serbia or bulgaria . 
  just like any extremist . 
  thanks , i was quite curious . 
  4 to 5 years ??? 
  sounds like communist romania !, 
  no offence intended !!!!, 
  thank you for your answers !, 
  we 'll go east or north then . . where 's the shorter way ? 
  do n't say it twice , or you 'll see your comment on daily mail 's front page and instead 24 we 'll become 50 million . 
  here , have a beer , 
  eu europe ? 
  perhaps you should know that regardless of what language we use here , most of us think in a different language . 
  what can we do , not everyone had your luck . ^ ^ ^ / s : ^ ), 
  no it 's not . 
  serbia is !, 
  not exactly , if you look at a map you 'll see that long blue river between us and bulgaria and that 's a downer for anyone who want to come here . . that and stalin , lenin who roam freely on the streets from here to slovenia ( at least that 's what i 've heard ) . ^ ^ / s, 
  huh 0 . o i live in a very rural part of our country and i 'm not exactly uneducated ( okay , i 'm not very smart either lol ) !, 
  and i 'm a minority too , not that one though . 
  so ... forever !, 
  because that minority wo n't just disappear by itself and i think you do n't root for a genocide either . 
  i do n't want to emigrate there , i do n't even want to travel there , but i want to be able to do that if in the future i want to see ... 
  i do n't know . . vancouver . 
  same like they can came here . 
  eu europe, 
  great !, 
  now he can become a israeli extremist . 
  i think the serious criminals are already there , if they want to . . same about u.s. . about gypsies ... what can we do ? 
  stay put and hope they 'll change their culture in the next couple of hundred years and after that maybe my ggggggreat-grandchildren gon na be able to travel there ? 
  damn you ... 
  i spilled juice on my phone !, 
  eu europe, 
  they took their country back , it should be enough for them ! ^ ^ / s disclaimer : this post is a joke , please do n't kill me !, 
  thanks !, 
  what about prison sentences , they happen ?
