  i 'm not exactly prepared , age-wise , unfortunately, 
  * m'sieur * * vous * just hit the nail * exactement * in the head \u263a, 
  people maybe should not , but they do . 
  a guy did just that in our parliament some time ago and he 's banned for life to enter there . 
  it was here on reddit . 
  i 'm a proud hungarian ya russian-putinbot-slave-son-of-a-papist-popess, 
  yours have some on the side ... gross for a russian, 
  and women are weak ... 
  i get it . 
  fuck them !, 
  those who wrote this and most of their followers !, 
  was n't made by muslims ? 
  hahaha yeah , but mine 's are n't filled with hair . . 
  fuck them then !, 
  men lie more than us . 
  i still wo n't show you my breasts, 
  yes , i grow some balls tonight . 
  provocation like that would n't make me show you nothing . 
  we 're not all whores here !, 
  and you 'll defo gon na get nothing, 
  you first, 
  deliver what ? 
  did n't heard anything about it . 
  eu really needs a better pr . 
  only if you have them bigger than mine 's ... and hairy !, 
  hahahaha, 
  he does n't know what to say . . crying . . looks like ive found my dream boy !, 
  who 's the president now ?!? 
  luxembourg or poland ? 
  russian papist, 
  naughty boy , likes balkan boys better than girls ... 
  ^ ^ ^ / s edit : it 's just a joke !, 
  i absolutely agree with this . 
  you 're not from here and did n't contribute , no benefits for you . 
  that 's exactly what we have . 
  my * story * about the ukrainian and vegetables was hyperbolic . 
  homogay sex is forbids in teh holy balkans ... lol you 're a girl ? 
  no it would only make your poor people starve and crime rate will skyrocket , imo . 
  i do n't know , i rather be able to see finland on the future without waiting for a visa 'till i die than building walls in my garden only because some ukrainian may crosspass and steal my vegetables . 
  but that 's just me , a stupid eastern european girl who 'll never agree with you ... on some topics of course , 
  we 're not the middle east and i rather migrate to south america than to see this happening here . 
  lowering the welfare ... where ? 
  in albania and bosnia ? 
  yes , i remember that . 
  it was something extraordinary . 
  too bad it end up like it did . 
  i 'm not a * bruh * , i 'm a * sis * that 's why i like balkan boys better hahaha, 
  acting how ? 
  stop their reproduction , it happened in the past . 
  deport them , impossible because most of them are born here ( whatcha gon na do with albanians or bosnians ? ) . 
  stop the migrats , that 's something i would n't mind especially since lot 's of them lost their life for nothing . 
  it 's the whole group a problem , like in anyone belonging to this group . 
  it 's related with generalizations . 
  i would attend , for the pope . 
  i like him , 
  it 's not about degrading , boys in the balkans are way hotter than anything . . not to mention the music and the parties it 's just that i did n't liked your first answer , so i had to * fight * it . 
  to be completely honest , i consider hungary , slovakia and southern poland balkans too, 
  muslim from middle east sounds like * chiabur * or * kulak * . 
  or german/pole in some places here . 
  generalizing is n't the best approach imo . 
  okay . 
  tell me your theory/political view . 
  maybe i 'll agree with it . 
  or we 'll meet and finish it once and for all, 
  be serious . 
  i 'm no different than you russian !, 
  it was a typo . 
  i meant friend , but if you like those ... what about poland in wwii ? 
  no you do n't know . 
  yes you do . 
  kinda in your mind you mix us all in the balkans . 
  i dare you to say how a szekler from kov\u00e1szna or a romanian from suceava is same with a macedonian from tessaloniki or skopje ? 
  how am i different from a ruthenian who lives one village away but i am not from a montenegrin ?!, 
  romania is indeed a clusterfuck , not even i can put it on the map . . central , eastern , balkans ... everything is combined here . 
  so please , allow me to be just eastern european , just like everyone born in ex-warsaw pact plus ex-yu countries . 
  it was a typo . 
  i meant friend , but if you like those ... what about poland in wwii ? 
  no you do n't know . 
  yes you do . 
  kinda in your mind you mix us all in the balkans . 
  i dare you to say how a szekler from kov\u00e1szna or a romanian from suceava is same with a macedonian from tessaloniki or skopje ? 
  how am i different from a ruthenian who lives one village away but i am with a montenegrin ?!, 
  romania is indeed a clusterfuck , not even i can put it on the map . . central , eastern , balkans ... everything is combined here . 
  so please , allow me to be just eastern european , just like everyone born in ex-warsaw pact plus ex-yu countries . 
  no my friend , a moderate like you would still probably make a living hell for me if i 'll try to get a visa only to visit my bf . 
  i guess we 're bound to dissagree haha, 
  it matters because you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  clusterfuck is poland 's history . . clusterfuck is europe 's history and people . 
  i think you confuse my country with yugoslavia my fried . 
  you see . . !, 
  nationalism for me is stupid people who wear black or green t-shirts . 
  the green one are romanians , incredible as it sound, 
  no problem . 
  why ? 
  communists . 
  removing people from their villages/homes based on ethnicity was n't a nazi-only habit . 
  what you said sounds way too close to what some people did here in the east not so long ago . 
  and i 'm not talking about nazis only . 
  i do n't understand where you get the racial thingy from ? 
  romanians and hungarians are indistinguishable .
