  but some are not true , at least from my point of view . 
  yes , the whole point of the revolution was to get rid of ceausescu because he was the state , the communist party and almost everything else in romania . 
  yes , romania had zero external debt and a big industry which was more or less obsolete without the other socialist states . 
  you ca n't be a self sufficient country , no country can be , russia ca n't and they have plenty resources not like romania . 
  yes , most of what romania had was and still is sold for peanuts , because of corruption and i very much like to see those corrupt politicians and `` businessmen '' burned alive ( even if i very much oppose the death penalty , not to mention torture ) . 
  ponzi schemes are old as man and at least it did n't create a war here like it did in albania . 
  unfortunately romania lost more , much more , because of 50 years of communism than all the world lost thru ponzi schemes in its entire history . 
  not to mention that , even if do n't know how it was in the '90s i know for sure that i 'll take it without a second thought instead some mad man dictatorship north korea style . 
  not to mention that today 's romania is light years away from ' 94 , or something like that , romania . 
  my two cents , 
  and that had to do with slavery ... 
  what ? 
  he just said you were the last slaveholders in europe , which is true . 
  get over it !, 
  so if i 'm 15 and you are 40 it 's okay ?!, 
  legally speaking ?!? 
  i think you 've heard about `` acuzat de intretinere sex cu minori '' . . something like that ? 
  the act after they get married . 
  indeed , i expressed myself wrong . 
  even with someone who is 25 ? 
  `` sex cu minori '' ring any bell !, 
  i do n't think you are not a minor anymore at 15 in romania . 
  born and raised in romania , satmar  !, 
  speak the language , looks like with an headache kind of an accent and the writing is just absolute horror hahahahaha :d . all of it makes me a romanian citizen , not sure if in another circumstances you , or most of ethnic romanians would be that fast to think about me as a `` fellow romanian ''  nu am idee cum ( that 's not a dirty word mods lol ) pot sa quote asa cum ai facut tu :(, 
  this !, 
  french maybe ? 
  so you can be 4 and have some sex cuz well you know only for marriage ... of course it 's for when you get married . 
  i thought is reasonable enough to assume everyone will be able to understand that . 
  and i 'm not romanian nor do i try to look smart , do n't need too . 
  people here do n't have anything planned for uk next elections . 
  because sweden is better . 
  from what i can see on a map , turkey is there . 
  not bulgaria and definitely not romania . 
  not bdsm but you are kind a pedos and not quite gentleman , when abroad . 
  russian flag has those colours . 
  french , british , norwegian , icelandic , canadian , greek . . lot 's of flying carpets have white and red . 
  no coincidence whatsoever . 
  if she/he is between 18-16 yo they need parental consent so the act wo n't be classified as rape . 
  it is n't legal here , if you are more than 18yo you going to jail for rape !, 
  omg never heard about that !, 
  that 's romania , he wo n't end up as an american political figure . 
  not mazare . 
  he 's just a clown . 
  he absolutely is not gay . 
  wow !, 
  my mother finished high school in 1990 :d do n't take it as an offence , please !, 
  romania ; living in a very small town ; ethnic hungarian ; woman . 
  i 'd love to have one !, 
  i 'm sick of stupid comments about my body from idiots , my brothers included . 
  unfortunately here boys must be `` strong and prove '' how much of a man they are , so they must be stupid !, 
  i was so sure about boc !, 
  ducks and trucks it 's quite a hit here :d, 
  in u.s. ?!, 
  looks like you had some russian `` encounters '' , 
  oh ... by the way , you know russian ? 
  quite impressive for a romanian  edit : i 'm very afraid to ask what blyat means :d, 
  hahahahaha ... sergey lavrov :d what about ion iliescu ? 
  he speaks english like somobody from petropavlovsk and he 's from the deep south of romania . 
  not to mention emil boc with his immortal `` ducks and trucks '' :d, 
  they really love that `` hui '' a lot . . haha by the way , does it mean something gross ? 
  unfortunately even romanian part of moldova is the poorest part of the country . 
  where else ... ? 
  haha . . 
  i 'm not sure how much research he did but i named him only because he speaks like a romanian from romania , not like one from rep. moldova :d the first guy , the old man , looks like granny 's father - still alive and kicking - who raised us all , that 's why i 'm in love with this video  edit : i 'm very sure my swedish would be worse than hers . . unfortunately . 
  of course it 's a commercial . 
  what i try to say is that those people are genuinely grateful . 
  i do n't see this as some coca-cola add , because i know how they are . 
  i 'm not one of them , i 'm from an ethnic group romanians do n't quite love , and still i felt like home with them . 
  i do n't think you are necessarily wrong , i just think you do n't know them well . 
  who said it better ? 
  my guess is the guy in white . 
  my dad has four bottles from 1958 and one from 1933 . 
  my brothers guerrilla warfare did n't succeeded to conquer them hahaha :d edit : moldova , as in today 's republic . 
  everything you said is true ... from your , western i guess , perspective . 
  what you do n't know is that those people are a little different than your average person in the west . 
  hell , they 're even different than us , eu easterners . 
  for rural people in moldova , both romanian province and the republic , hospitality it 's a must , they will literally force you to feel good even if they 'll have to spend everything they have . 
  believe me , i know !, 
  i had to throw up for them to be sure that i had enough food :d, 
  nigel farage can help him find one :d sorry , i had to say it hahaha . . 
  i 'd like to be french or german . 
  english is not what we need since we do n't need to use the same language with some random island outside of eu in near future . 
  it 's like using arabic or chinese , none of them languages having any connection with the eu , just like britain :p my proposal would be magyar of course :d edit : of course i do n't speak french or german hahaha ... 
  french are even easier targets than romanians , for most of the world . 
  how dare you ?? 
  most definitely that gentleman 's name has abu in it !, 
  gypsies are anything you want them to be but not boring , unfortunately . 
  what the hell ?!, 
  he 's rolling a joint there . 
  is this legal ? 
  ok i know it is only tobacco , i hope , but still he was in custody , handcuffed ... plus , smoking is banned in public institutions lol, 
  thanks !, 
  did n't understand anything at all but it `` sound '' funny , especially the `` ridicu bla bla '' . 
  so have an upvote , 
  there are czechs and austrian citizens held by isis ? 
  stop spreading b.s. 
  and that makes it less bad ? 
  impossible to compare , italy has mafia for pope 's sake :p i 'm not a dude !, 
  why oh why most of you think that only dudes are `` allowed '' to comment on forums ? 
  wait ... a moment , italy ?!,
