  this !, 
  many people from ee travelled to france and u.k. and some of them even know foreign languages ( amazing !!!, 
  ) , so they kinda know how much of a performance western europeans had with `` integration '' . 
  c'mon , we and them could n't even properly integrate roma/gypsy people , who are here since immemorial times and we supposedly gon na integrate a wave of hundreds of thousands ( millions ? ), 
  mena people ? 
  edit : it was a little rant , not meant for you , 
  nah , it will be just the same thing , unfortunately with more nationalistic and catholic stake . 
  i think it 's just like here , i do n't like the actual government but the opposite side is just like them . 
  i would vote ( first time in my life . . yeey ) for my ethnic party , but they wo n't get to rule this country in a billion years and many are just as corrupt as their romanian colleagues ( or worse ) anyway . 
  nothing to choose here :( but at least we do n't have nationalistic crap as strong parties ... yet . 
  he must 've been a very wise man !, 
  seriously !, 
  orb\u00e1n and christian steroids does n't seem very appealing . 
  for me at least . 
  the champions of human rights deserve to be there !, 
  care to explain , please ? 
  if romania 's borders are porous i must be blind and insane in the same time !, 
  my village is exactly on the border with ukraine and when i go riding my motorcycle on the hills i always have my id card with me cuz i 'm always stopped at least two times by border police . 
  and we are not a big village either . 
  since even some redditors seems to be clueless about this , how much do you think the overall population in the west would know that ? 
  that 's not quite a very good news init : /, 
  i guess it 's cheaper . 
  i 'll send my granny straight to frankfurt to ask benefits !, 
  :d she should have been in u.k. to steal jobs since 2014.01.01 anyway !, 
  it does n't look good , it 's true , but i rather have some belgian pedos here and there than a wave of people who can fall in love with wahhabism if they 'd feel oppressed in a way . 
  i do n't say they are like that , but it 's enough to have one in one thousand to have big problems , much bigger problems than the entire population of eastern europe combined could ever make you . 
  but that 's my opinion . . 
  i could be very wrong . 
  damn , i did n't knew that and i was in turkey few times !, 
  yeah , but it 's cheating if . . those women . . are not locals . 
  how many years we gon na use our eastern european `` resources '' to help them grow ? 
  we are really that much hated there ? 
  i 'm asking this question in a very serious way . 
  by we , i mean eastern europeans . 
  hmmmm , solidarity and especially openness exists . . unfortunately not for romanians and bulgarians , but for people from other places . 
  well , we 'll have our share of refugees with or without schengen anyway . 
  so they 'll have their schengen and middle eastern migrants and we 'll have only the middle eastern migrants . 
  yes, 
  no beer for you  it 's a joke by the way . 
  no , you may have blackjack , but you 're way behind when it 's about ... hmmm the other thing !, 
  work on that harder and we 'll talk about it : ^ ), 
  wow , that 's a great finding !, 
  like a portuguese who learned english in rsa :d i mean , i ca n't properly pronounce `` r '' like americans , australians and most britons ... it 's kinda hard to explain to be honest . 
  they are unfortunately , like you see , 99 % of them !, 
  of course i 'm racist now ! . 
  but , i do n't understand why ? 
  strange , 
  bull , pig , sheep , you name it . . testicles are a treat here . . ugghhhh !, 
  i 'm not quite sure if i want to know this , but how the hell they could give you raw blood ? 
  they cut the duck throat and ... ? . . 
  well , thank god , we do n't have that food from the philippines called `` baloot '' ( sp . 
  ) , it was the most horrible experience i 've had in my life ( to see someone eating that thing . . ) about us , the most `` extreme '' local food i 've tried , at a more or less mature age , was bear steak . 
  i did n't like it . 
  but i lived in africa for some time in my childhood and i was told that i had eaten lots of things i would not even want to look at now :d, 
  you can say you 're mixed  and do n't worry , nobody will know you 're vietnamese , most people will think you 're chinese or japanese cos those are the most `` famous '' ethnicities from the far east in this part of the world lol by the way , did n't you get tired by the amount of questions about the vietnam war while in croatia ? 
  :p p.s. 
  : sorry for the late reply !, 
  really ?!, 
  that 's some crazy language ... and awesome in the same way , 
  you know . . you may have a point here !, 
  i may have made some sort of subconscious connection between vechi and veliko :d, 
  i wish you a very good night !, 
  fuck the number and start be a human once in your life . . ya german hahahahahahaha, 
  if you was me you would approve this and cry one month !, 
  too bad for me and good for you . . 
  i think , 
  this guy is so german !, 
  i never said something different . 
  i just said that my brothers took the `` justice '' in their own hands and i barely stopped them to kill those guys . 
  sometimes things can be very different in real life my friend , unfortunately : /, 
  then i also cant see the relevance of the state in any case either . 
  the state was n't there and . . looks like it is n't there now . . like always for us !, 
  send some then haha, 
  the state was n't there when i was almost raped . . my brothers were and so they did what they know better . . fair punishment !!, 
  i 'm from a place where that 's not exactly a thing . . but i would n't mind if you 'll send me some haha , 
  and you need to downvote me for that ?!, 
  i am too !, 
  i just said what could happen if the state is not there . . if you know what i mean !, 
  a rape is a rape and it should be punished !, 
  zero tolerance to this shit or we 'll be the next india !!, 
  this could be up to her family too !, 
  i almost was raped and my brothers send them in the emergency room that very night !, 
  use pork for god sake !, 
  :d sarm . . okay now i 'm hungry again, 
  i just hate lamb and . . ewww :d, 
  well , you 're american so . .  / s, 
  i love guly\u00e1s and sarmale . . the little ones . . and i absolutely hate irish food !, 
  i 'm sorry ireland !, 
  i love one of your own i just ca n't stand that food !, 
  please forgive me !!!, 
  this is gold !!!, 
  yes !, 
  same as here with this country roc hahahaha :d maybe they lack some rock music about forgiveness hehehe, 
  unfortunately i do n't remember who he/she was hahahaha :d, 
  they should be on the same page with jesus teachings cuz that 's their damn job !, 
  from what i remember he/she said something like `` nobody wants to move to romania anyway '' or something like that . 
  i know that , since i live in a majority orthodox country . 
  i 'm not exactly lutheran either :d they better shave those beards and have a vodka lolol and let people live their lives . 
  my opinion . 
  i 'm referring to them too but also to what habsburgs did to us here .
