  fhg !!, 
  i 'm very sorry , sometimes my acc is hacked by love looking people . 
  i 'm not a guy and i have no idea how to do that !, 
  what ?!, 
  no , my phone is acer liquid something i ca n't remember plus bla bla bla !, 
  i have a good tea , unfortunately way too big for me ... here , in a two hours ago way from england , 
  i do n't know !, 
  i have acer liquid something something #, 
  unfortunately for you  i 've read a lot about you and your area of work and we think you should have a little travel to sighet !, 
  / s your opinion , most of the time , are same as my own !, 
  you 're a very understanding person , 
  i 'm on android something , i just see your flair . 
  well , both u.k. and france is irrelevant !, 
  / s you live in western europe ? 
  or very far from the baltics ? 
  true !, 
  `` nobody else could save us from ... 
  to be completely honest , i rather trust them to do something , in case . . , than any other western european country . 
  i understand that and honestly i think it 's a good system , but it can be abused very easy by anybody . 
  all i meant was that it should n't be affordable for me , from x country , to move in y country and ask benefits only cos i 'm me , those benefits are for the citizens of that specific country and i ( who am a foreigner ) should at least pay some taxes before ask them . 
  not in a very `` english language mood '' today , so i hope you understand something from my blahberish , 
  i know some muslims who drink alcohol too ( one of them even used some `` special cigarettes '' sometimes ) but they 're turkish , not arabs . 
  also know some neo-protestant people who are absolutely appalled by a bottle of beer ( know some who only pretend to be , but drink like there 's no tomorrow when no co-religionists can see them ) . 
  about the pork ... 
  i did n't knew that , my turkish friends would rather eat concrete than pork :d the turban thing was about the drawings and stereotypes . 
  i mean , if i draw a naked girl ( with the obligatory beard ) and call her mohammed , would be just as accurate as those drawings who represents him with a turban :p, 
  i have a big boss and i call him father !, 
  do like france , i.think it 's easy for us . 
  i talked with my boss and looks like you are . . blea !, 
  yes , you have a problem !, 
  pa pa, 
  so i can do that too ? 
  how could you did n't ... because usually only after shatung in outside the very safe country , you are already a very gr8 migrant !, 
  no , i.won ' t do anything !, 
  unfortunately for you , i 'm very happy to be eastern , 
  people kind of die , especially when they are stunned . 
  unfortunately mr.farage do n't like your opinion , 
  nay . 
  are you alright with death , children 's death ? 
  so sorry about you !, 
  many thanks for ... 
  i do n't know why , but it 's good for downvote ... thank you !, 
  i 'm not one of them !, 
  yes , you are ;d, 
  this is exactly what we need !, 
  because if you 'll see me hurt youll help , why not helping a kid ? 
  i have no idea how social welfare work , because i never use it . 
  usually any kind of country can use some help !, 
  does it matter ? 
  if the driver is not slovakian ... :(, 
  i say what i 've seen on t.v. 
  * first of all , you as a country , must be wealthy enough to do that . 
  we here ca n't do that . 
  * second , i think you only encourage laziness while driving out people who really work !, 
  i mean , if i feel bad here can i warfare you ? 
  please , i 'm minority !, 
  yes , they need help now !, 
  their countries need help yesterday . . before being fucked by those who can fuck countries . 
  incredible , it 's beyond incredible wanting children death . 
  looking at my comments , about this subject , i 'm absolutely only down !, 
  people !, 
  are you all right ? 
  nah , you would n't !, 
  i do n't understand , maybe i wo n't, 
  you care more about stalin than those people !, 
  unfortunately this is a day for morning for us !, 
  i see now on t.v. , what 's crappy is there were only rotting corpses !, 
  and you will do that ? 
  they died , you . . !, 
  like i always said , i 'll do the same !, 
  in a truck ? 
  looks like it was a hungarian truck , a truck who freezes meat kind of . . 
  well , i think you must do something , like working , for some time until you get that helping hand !, 
  what kind of truck was that ?!, 
  how can you die in a truck ?!, 
  i really ca n't understand how someone who did n't pay one dime in a country 's economy can get money for doing nothing !, 
  be them `` refugees '' or eastern european migrants ... farage for oprah : ^ ), 
  americans do not have a say in it ; ^ p, 
  well , eat pork-get drunk-swearing allah ( since nobody here use that name anyway ) and draw some bearded man with a turban ... call him muhammad , only for the lulz , and you 're one of us . 
  okay with you ? 
  i really think you are wrong !, 
  a refugee does n't get citizenship automatically in any safe country he/she is !, 
  they just find a safe place , that 's it !, 
  edit : okay , since i 've got downvotes , tell me where i 'm wrong !, 
  yes , und most our opinions are n't quite . . similar . 
  but we wo n't kill eachother for it !, 
  many of them will do that , next generation at least ... 
  i 've seen britain integration and the crap they do while looking low on us is . . just `` bad '' and it does n't look good . 
  was n't eloah or something ? 
  good , swearing mohammed twenty times it 's just as good , even better if we look at those extremists who only talk about the prospect not about god !, 
  macedonia already gave them trains ! . . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not playing politics here . . i just gave me opinion , wrong or not !, 
  of course , i must mince words . 
  my friend , i do n't quite give a damn about refugees/migrants thingy , i just said what 's obvious . 
  if i 'll be them , i will do the same thing by the way !, 
  they will !, 
  my free movement wo n't be affected until e.u. 
  wo n't be disabled . 
  and there 's way too many `` interested parts '' to keep it in place , so i do n't quite care . 
  not sure what the population attitude about those who skip the fence will be !,
