  what 's a hoi ? 
  yesterday !, 
  history does !, 
  wear glasses : ^ ), 
  okay ...  edit : sorry / u/afgncap for my blindness and yes , i 'm an idiot !, 
  i do n't know whats that : /, 
  a grill ?!, 
  go away from our room !!!, 
  paz !, 
   that should mean peace , from all i know , in spanish , 
  thank you for * sisters * !, 
  i have what flair ?!?!?!? 
  bam she 's wet and down !, 
  ahahahahahahaha :d that 's the way to do it guys !, 
  : ^ d edit : for the idiot who does n't know , i 'm a woman myself and i can laugh at a joke too !, 
  transylvania is in romania , so no disguise . 
  what points ? 
  we did n't participate this year !, 
  not for me !, 
  it 's back as it use to be . 
  we have lots of countries but we usually stay put in our room and look on the internet to see them . . move your arse and look around * amigo * !, 
  that 's the spirit , 
  you love her coldness ?!, 
  that 's strange . 
  never !, 
   our map now has mexico not anymore . 
  nothing good and cheerful last in europe , we must go back to be grumpy like always . 
  hmmmm are n't you already our slave ?!, 
  ? ^ ^ / s we need blood would scare him for balkan sake !, 
  okay , now i 'm completely irreversibly and officially inloved !!!!, 
  love is in the air ... , 
  no tacos unfortunately but you can bring some with you come kapitan , welcome to my castle hahaha, 
  no you do n't love vlad , you should love me since we gon na get married hahaha here have some \u2615 ^ ^ / s, 
  i 'm half serious , my grandmother indeed gave me one . . but i do n't carrying it in my purse lolololololol :d, 
  a country is not someone . 
  and nobody would give one * dime * about that if it was n't about that little film released by your embassy . 
  it 's trolling for sure . 
  damn you 're cute !, 
  come to transylvania , we have cookies, 
  because is nice . 
  marry me !!!, 
  ca n't wait to have a `` jar battle '' then !, 
  i have it in my purse , a gift from my gramma :p, 
  so , no worries about that idiot . 
  i 'll be more concerned about olivia 's followers . . , 
  it does n't matter , kl would sign it !, 
  or else ... 
  who 's the one who wear boots and knife here ? 
  the let 's talk english was the first downer , nobody will talk in english here . . and you 're not so much of a. . `` us '' ? 
  i ca n't explain !, 
  you 're something else , not us !, 
  i find them very normal . 
  you really are from there !!!!, 
  i 'm sure !, 
  i do n't like this guy at all and i think i 'll lose a very good sister here for saying this , but i do n't think he 's exactly wrong . 
  and i say this as a eu federalist !, 
  i 'm surprised to see you , if you 're from oa\u015f , so ... anti-romanian . 
  no offence intended , but i 'm quite surprised . 
  :d edit : seini ? 
  nah , that 's not in s\u0103tmar . 
  edit2 : gher\u021ba ? 
  edit3 : naaa , you 're from negre\u015fti or from satu !, 
  i do n't live in vama . 
   edit : and if you figure it where i live , please do n't say it here !, 
  as you wish . 
  somewhere hahaha :d you live in oa\u015f or ... you have a map lol , 
  ten km from negre\u015fti . 
  i wo n't say where though !, 
  our * county * not country !!, 
  i live in a village in the north-eastern part of our county . 
  i 'm from satu-mare too !!!!, 
  it 's nothing disgusting about them !, 
  some indeed have a disgusting way of life but not all for sure . 
  are you romanian ? 
  you live in the city or . . ? 
  you must be from kolozsv\u00e1r !, 
   \u00cd edit my previous post btw . 
  so what am i supposed to say ?!, 
  what i 'm in the passport or my ethnicity ( not sure they 'll appreciate it either ) or start crying ?!, 
  :d edit : i 'd rather put the romanian flag on my head and face than to say i 'm not from here !, 
  no matter my etnic background !, 
  what you say is cowardice and were i live that 's a sickness !, 
  same as here . 
  ask for help , we usually sent policeme/women who can deal with the problems our own roma do , if they ask for it and under their law . 
  of course most of gypsies were called romanians , we even got a pack of bosnian gypsies from france in the sarkozy time , no problems : / imagine how i feel as a romanian citizen ... if you feel bad for slovaks : '' ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  nah , scots are darker than englanders anyway ... so gypsy ! ^ ^ / s : ^ p, 
  and i 'm sure everyone call them romanians !, 
  : ^ d asking help from the country where these ppl originally came from is n't very hard and it would n't cost you anything . 
  but i guess your gov expects to be called by your local authorities and then to call in slovakia . 
  it 's hard for your mayor to ask for help ?!, 
  after resignation he only has immunity as a former minister and that can be removed by the president . 
  ohhhh i hate this man so much !, 
  he 's so fucking fake !, 
  i 'm not ethnically romanian . 
   northern european l ?!, 
  what are you , norwegian ? 
  great , that 's exactly what roma comunities in this country need ... a countrywide h\u0103d\u0103reni !, 
  edit : looks like somebody really want that !, 
  you thought wrong , like always when it 's about us hahahahaha : dd, 
  nah , i 'm younger than that woman hahahahaha : dd a mustache is the last thing i wan na see on his . . or close to my . .
