  i like your comments , most of the time . 
  amen !, 
  i 'll probably go even further and remove those who think answering to a non western european is beyond them ( like that coward ) . 
  / s what about american men ? 
  nobody does , here anyway . 
  but i guess you know it !, 
  poland , romania , bulgaria etc are n't eu colonies !, 
  they are eu !, 
  if philippines would be a part of united states , of course they 'll be granted the same treatment like anyone else from the united states . 
  not that i disagree with what you said but with your wording . 
  my favorite romanian nationalist ever , 
  hahahahaha but i am hungarian !, 
  i 'm a hungarian girl from transylvania  in fact i live very close to the ex czechoslovakian border . 
  exactly that history should made you at least say something , bad would have been better and funnier hahaha . 
  i 'll start . 
  no , slovakia is not like hungary because you 're mountainous allover and hungary is a puszta !, 
  he 's talking about `` those romanians '' the other poster `` is worried about '' . 
  haha cool down my friend , i did n't overreact ( i usually say stupid stuff and end up banned when i overreact hahahahaha ) . 
  i thought you could say more about hungary , since you 're slovakian . 
  that 's all , it was more like a tongue-in-check kind of comment . 
  too bad that sub is n't more publicized , as in `` let 's have some gay time here , all trolls from the yugosphere '' kind of thing !, 
  that 's a long list for only one country !, 
  and looks like you 're not shy to work on having a longer list / s :d, 
  you got ta be kidding if you ca n't think of anything else but budapest , when it 's about hungary !, 
  you 're only neighbor is the mediterranean sea i dream about for like . . forever !, 
  the ? 
  black sea has beautiful solid great waves !, 
  of course not , it 's a romanian thing ( bucharester to be more exact ) now !, 
  just like kebab is german :d edit : words, 
  and your jihadists pass through here back and forth from syria , so . . 
  i did n't want to be very harsh though :p, 
  yes , you 're right . 
  and i would very much like to see that we can stick together and the best way , in this particular case , is by issuing a unique eu passport . 
  i , as a romanian citizen , do n't want to be responsible for any kind of shitstorm between eu and us over me . 
  by the way , as you can see , are n't many of us advocating for this or even posting in this thread ( mostly cos is quite embarrassing for us to be the reason for other people 's argument ) and believe me , many of us ( romanians or not romanians but with this country citizenship ) would have a lot to say about some posters `` knowledge '' about us , 
  right , i reckon i 'm way more dangerous than a belgian or brit . 
  i usually bite lol, 
  looks like i have to borrow a sample then :d, 
  even if i like what you 're saying and i 'd love to agree with you , europe is n't a country like united states . 
  poland , croatia , france , romania , uk etc are n't states of the same country like oklahoma and california unfortunately . 
  until eu wo n't have its own passports like us , i 'm very sorry to say , eu citizens will be treated differently ( country by country ) and us citizens will be treated equally ( state regardless ) . 
  yes , but for a girl is n't exactly the best comparison especially if she 's thin and tall hahaha , 
  hmmm , uncle sneaky always sneaky : ^ \u00fe, 
  that 's why i chose it :d no problem , i just hope you wo n't use my explanation against her , or make her feel bad about her name !, 
  please , do n't ever mention math !, 
  i hate it and they shove it down our throats like is no tomorrow !, 
  `` i cri evritiem `` when we have math ( like four days a week , wednesday is the worse since we have two hours ) !, 
  of topic , i do n't know why , but i always thought you 're romanian o.o lol, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  very sorry for the late response !, 
  no , cocor it ( i had to use a dictionary ) means crane , the bird . 
  so cocoru means the crane ( u or ul at the end of the word has the same meaning as `` the '' in english ) . 
  arabia ?!, 
  / s take care about us , 
  i did it way before , 
  calling them animals would be hard for my dog !, 
  if it 's not propaganda of course !, 
  yeah , looks like they are n't like i thought they are : /, 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  ask turkey :d, 
  europe ? 
  nah , it 's western europe . 
  we 're cool . 
  i said maybe !, 
  i do n't know , they are `` alone '' though . 
  but if they are n't please there , then looks like isis is n't that bad . 
  your `` yet '' means more than 1000 words . 
  but in fact you do get a cold shoulder . 
  and be out for your office ? 
  absolutely , do n't think i 'm some kind of hardcore feminist !, 
  but not about my , or any other female 's body !, 
  no , we do n't live in the same world . 
  something more than gender difference is between us . 
  unfortunately , 
  how dare you ? 
  revolution !, 
  why 's that ? 
  never heard anything about alevi until you . 
  my world is the real world , the one me and you should live into . 
  discussions about women bodies is n't your or even mine business . 
  men should talk about their own bodies.in the end we do n't live in saudi arabia . 
  thank you , i thought so . 
  ... having a different option is a big no no in lots of countries , unfortunately . 
  be strong and use your e-mail , 
  assuming they do n't look for a dream , which they all do unfortunately . 
   it only happened once that 's why i asked you . 
  unfortunately looks like we were tricked . 
  but , in our world , you are more than wrong . 
  anyway , let 's call it a day since we never gon na agree about this . 
  i 've asked cos we have a big deal of a debate here about a mosque in bucharest vs a church in istanbul . 
  i 'm not orthodox but still ... are you different ? 
  like alevi ? 
  you have no idea what we can do to remove what 's unwanted !, 
  i asked my mom , who witnessed my granny pain `` she looked like she was dead and i had to carry the blood before dad came home '' . . !, 
  oh , never thought about it . 
  can you have a church ( like in building one ) in turkey ? 
  lots of people say no . 
  like in a christian church . 
  it 's in your i 'd , why they asked that ? 
  you 're a different kind of muslim ?
