  you sir just stole my answer :d this !!, 
  that 's a hard question . 
  and any answer to it would stir some s. . t up . 
  no country is misandristic and no country is `` in your face '' misogynistic in europe . . in my opinion . 
  i see now . 
  thank you , 
  the cat ?!, 
  no , i 've seen it in many movies ... especially in a.c. poirot and miss marple hahaha i love garfield tho ... 
  i know ... seen it in english movies . 
   ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ lord !, 
  oh , thanks !, 
  oh ... well i thought you like to shoot some sort of * clay * made things who stay still ... like an old plate or something . 
  i 'm an idiot hahaha i did destroyed a beer bottle with an ... air thing once , i also try it ten times until i hit it but that 's another story, 
  you can always use an airgun ... or whatever those things are named, 
  hahaha no , we ca n't compete with a pole dancer  at least i ca n't , since when i tried i almost broke my neck : ddd, 
  try ours and you 'll end up hating them hahaha : ^ ), 
  then try our winters :d, 
  try us then , we 're closer . 
  got it, 
  no no no , i wan na know !!!, 
  please !, 
  i sawing my net , but i do n't want to offend him by saying that `` no problem , my parents can keep us both '' or `` okay , i need money since you have enough '' . 
  it 's complicated af !, 
  i 'm planning to study and go to college . 
  he can move here !!!!!, 
  ... ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ him !!, 
  i do n't know what 's a mil . 
  long distance ... and both hard-heads . 
  shhhhh ... !!, 
  we are not biased !!!!!!, 
  : ^ p i 'm still into the irish love , hopefully it will last !, 
  his mum i do n't like ... :p edit : kiss my ass downvoters , i do n't like her !, 
  make me like her with your downvotes , or change her mindset !, 
  only a cow say mmmuh !, 
  ^ ^ / s i 'm not irish . 
  you 'll miss your grampa little town in bulgaria in no time !, 
  trust me , i was there . 
  you like guns ?!?!?!?!?!, 
  it 's a ** big ** no no here !!!, 
  as you now ... 
  go away !, 
  i was indifferent ... until love, 
  you have a problem !, 
  ireland , hands down !, 
  bundoran to be more exact, 
  dunno much about it . 
  i just see how my dad * works * and i also said imo , 
  then we ( hungary and transylvania ) must be differen than you . 
  ^ ^ / s but to be honest i talk only from a north transylvanian point of view and a countryside one . 
  for me a word is a word . 
  i kept my word to my dad , to go picking plums , even if i was dead sick . 
  stupidest thing i ever did , to be completely honest . 
  the warmth of people here !, 
  the way they look at me when i speak romanian ( not my first language ) and instead hating me they help me . 
  the ( more or less ) lack of racists or racism , considering where this country is situated . 
  even its gypsies , who helped me to reach the road and call for the ambulance when i broke my leg off-roading on a hill ... 
  things like that !, 
   not to mention that you have better chances to die because a meteorite than from a gunshot here , police inflicted or not . 
  hahaha of course !, 
  where i live , people are kinda same with money but if you enter our home you are the king ... until you really start behaving like a king lol : ^ d vegetarian ?!, 
  it must be horrible !, 
  you 're right , we 're way more straightforward than any german . 
  western europeans do n't exactly know us well . 
  not true , try the balkan route to albania . 
  or some roads in donegal roi . 
  heheh, 
  so it 's true that catalans are . . hmmm kinda very careful with their monies ? 
  business , work etc is wise to use always the last ( family ) name and mr. / mrs. 
  if they ask you to call them jim/maria/ivan then do that , but it 's better to start in a polite way any kind of business/work relations . 
  i can and i was , four times . 
  my bf is irish  but it 's preferable for me to use a car and a boat than a plain , if it 's possible hahaha , 
  we 're shaped like a fish . 
  and you can cut us in three parts , one more balkan , one more central european and one more eastern european . 
  but i think the fish form is what make this county unique . 
  hehe , 
  of course it will , since i need it to reach ireland !, 
  of course not !, 
  that 'd be a comet !, 
  no earthquake is that strong , here on earth at least . 
  a very wise person . 
  i forgot your summer end in november , stupid me :p, 
  you 're lucky because it was summer : ^ p, 
  i know . 
  and you 're almost like us . 
  shame on you, 
  slovenia is already better than some we countries or very close to them . 
  no it 's not !, 
  it 's there for a reason !, 
  where i go in ireland i did n't saw these signs but i usually do n't exactly look for them , crossing the street is instinctual for most of us and unfortunately for me the instict told me to look in the wrong way . 
  he 's okay , thanks to the dogs and his sheppard cloth made by sheep skin & fur . 
  if i would be him i 'll be more scare by his wife , florica ( it translates kinda as little flower ) , who 's bigger than a brown bear . 
  indeed !, 
  i like them too but since i 'm a country girl i know they 're sometimes more ferocious than african predators , especially if it 's a female with pups and you take her by surprise . 
  not to mention that i personally know a guy who had his intestines taken out by a bear , he barely survived thanks to his dogs ( he 's a sheppard ) . 
  and in the best case scenario you 'll get your butt kicked instead ... darwin 's theory of evolution style lol, 
  this is indeed a very good advice !, 
  every time i 'm in ireland i get a little nauseous when i see that cars are on the * wrong * lane . 
  i almost get run over first time i was there exactly for looking in the left instead of right when i crossed a street . 
  * shivers *, 
  do n't go alone on a mountain or in a forest .
