  you are the one who does n't seem to comprehend that women can and will do anything possible to remove an unwanted pregnancy . 
  was n't my goal to convince you . 
  i just want to say what we , women , feel . . more or less . 
  developing this would be nice  like you wo n't be hired or something like that ? 
  i 'm sorry , but what you 're preaching is wrong . 
  try to have your sexual life under `` teh law '' and came back . 
  my grandma almost died from a `` homemade abortion '' , i do n't want to be in her position . . ever !, 
  this is incredible . 
  maybe they have family in germany ( why did n't they say it ? 
  have you read my disclaimer ? 
  if it 's in me i should be able to remove it . 
  and it 's a part of me . 
  try to be pregnant once and preach those things afterwards please . 
  like if i 'll move in turkey i would n't be able to express my beliefs ( religious one that 's it ) ? 
  your id show your religion ? 
  that 's not good . 
  discrimination by your friends/family/neighbors ? 
  can a christian church be built in turkey ? 
  let 's say i have enough money for it , can i build it ? 
  i 'm just curious . 
  got some turkish friends , who live here ( most born here ) , but i wo n't ask them . 
  they do n't know , most of them , and i do n't want to offend them . 
  you mean it 's law 's business what i do with my own body and what 's inside it ?!, 
  maybe it is there , but i do n't think it 's right . 
  edit : since when a foetus is a human ? 
  priceless !, 
  poor erdownie , 
   freedom of religion how so ?!, 
  i 'm really curious . 
  inside my body . 
  aka a part of me !, 
  aka none of your business !, 
  oh , that feeling of being outside of schengen . . priceless :d disclaimer : this post is a joke !, 
  austria is hungary !, 
  ca n't wait till the first italian walking around on the mountains will be shot !, 
  this !!, 
  exactly !, 
  we do n't want refugees cos they 'll force us to put veils on women but we want women to listen to thieving politicians when it 's about their sex life . 
  ceausescu would be proud !, 
  usually this type of things can be avoided by having a `` good '' constitution which does n't allow the mob to do that . 
  unfortunately you ca n't do that without sexual education and . . well , education . 
  unfortunately some of those have the power to decide it for us . 
  that 's fk . . up . 
  and my answer was exactly about them , democracy should n't be able to impose a bunch of strangers view on my body . 
  if democracy stomped on human rights then democracy is n't exactly the answer for this specific region or in this case . 
   i do n't care about your body this should be their motto . 
  and i 'm not sorry to say that he does a very good job . 
  i 've been to montenegro but only passed it to reach albania last september and thanks to op i 'll be in his/her country this summer . 
  since when what i do with my own body is up to debate and voting ? 
  my body is not a democracy , is an authoritarian dictatorship of which i 'm the dictator . 
  i see what ya did here ; ) upvoted !, 
  some women would try to have an abortion using them ... and many will die due to infections or punctured uterus or ... 
  absolutely , the government knows better than me what to do with my body , hands down !, 
  a lot of romania is really orthodox and nobody wants to ban abortion . 
  edit : the second part of your post is very funny though , 
  thanks god is n't \u041d\u0435\u043f\u0438\u0439\u0432\u043e\u0434\u043a\u0430 though :p, 
  my grandma swears she heard this name on the radio , back in the communist time , during a legal or medical ( dont remember ) questions & answers show : '' . . so please go to mr pizdelea 's office ... '' . 
  my grandma does n't exactly has a sense of humor at all , so i 'm inclined to believe her . 
  other funny names i personally encountered : * pisic\u0103 - cat * ra\u021b\u0103 - duck * g\u00e2sc\u0103 - goose * ardeiu - the pepper and last but not least , coco\u0219 aka rooster !, 
  never met him , or his son , but i saw them on t.v. 
  handcuffed . 
  dna stronk !, 
  lol, 
  you ca n't have fun with russia !, 
  mods should be banned and beaten with a stick/rubber one . 
  nobody 's checking those , i made a foul of myself did n't i ? 
  well , good for me . 
  remove this shit though !, 
  it 's da , cyrillic alphabet is bulgarian property anyway . 
  / r/europe look like / r/russia and that 's wrong !, 
  i 'll sign out from this crap of a forum !, 
  fuck it , they like money more than us . 
  do you have one ? 
  did you give birth ? 
  in school ?!, 
  i learned it living ( my life , i recommend you to do the same !, 
  fuck you too , i was thinking when the guy i talked with was in russia !, 
  like the eu . 
  what ??? 
  you just insulted my mother !, 
  yeah he may say that , unfortunately since two answers ago i end up in / r/russia when i try to talk to you here . 
  maybe it 's something wrong with my phone ... 
  parla principit no makes me feel bad about your romanian knowledge . 
  and your link made me sure i vomit accordingly to putoarea de putin !, 
  oh my goodness , i feel like donald trump facing einstein !, 
  i 'm stunned !, 
  yes , i really need a frenchman to correct my romanian since i 'm not romanian . 
  i can swear in romanian though . 
  and that 's what i do here , hopefully without being banned hahahahaha  thank you , i may do that !, 
  it 's not my body anymore ? 
  of course it is n't , is calif 's business ... just how i dress or/if i have sex !, 
  yeah right . . 
  more or less . . 
  is n't necessary , i have trust in our mods , 
  adults these days ... ;p, 
  we mongols know best , yuo albania ... macedonia , bulgaria , serbia etc etc etc. . . 
  gypsy , unfortunately you are not :( / s :d, 
  merci . 
  no problem , 
  this should be my choice and the law should better tag other things , like corruption and poverty , not my womb !,
