  i love you more !!!, 
   what you said up there is exactly what i wanted to say and i could n't because i lack your skills in english language ( it 's like my third language unfortunately ) and your `` oratorical '' talent . 
  i 'm not even sure if i wrote this correctly . 
  edit : i apologize for my very late reply !, 
  yes you 're right , i know men can be harassed by women ( got a brother who even had to quit his job because of that ) and i totally understand you . 
  i think i was a little carried away by emotions and behaved somehow bitchy , not taking into consideration that men can be victims of prejudice too . 
  i apologize  oh yeah , so sorry i replied so late !, 
  i do n't know how fit those far right guys are but if they prepare for the second siege of viena they better be prepared to welcome a big influx of poles to save their asses again :p, 
  oh , yes indeed . 
  gorbachev had a wall and orb\u00e1n has a fence , that 's exactly how they 'll remain in history , a big shot who teared down the berlin wall and a guy with a fence :d, 
  oh , did n't knew that . 
  thanks , 
  mr. orb\u00e1n , tear . 
  down . 
  this . 
  wall !!!, 
  lol, 
  what happened in east and south austria , to make you build a wall ? 
  adriatic sea between greece and kosovo ... ?!? 
  hmmm ... something 's wrong here :p you meant albania , i think . 
  of course . 
  but the swine fat would only be used for turkish `` beneficiaries '' , to grow their ehemm ... satisfaction . 
  for the local ones it should be used olive oil from greece , in this way we gon na help improve their economy and have a heluva ' party with all sorts of salads after impalement . 
  no need for vlad , a glowing stake it 's sufficient ... 
  especially if they put it in front of anti-corruption directorate 's hq ;p, 
  did it  i love questionnaires . 
  good luck to you . 
  i do n't hate you back . 
  give this guy some stars :p, 
  haha no , i do n't feel oppressed at all , sometimes i even like ... hmmm some affectionate attempts , but not from some idiots who think they must have me only because they have a horny day . 
  i 'm not some femen like kind of woman , but i absolutely do n't take crap from men as a must only cuz i do n't have a dick in my pants . 
  barbarian here , of course the norwegian guy was right . 
  how you even dare to have any doubts about his `` superior '' ideas ?!, 
  just like those montenegrins and serbians , all nordic leftovers :d seriously now , using the metric system wo n't hurt you here and we gon na understand what you 're talking about , 
  i absolutely love you !!, 
  i 'm two times barbarian :'( hungarian , romanian citizen with a german grandma ... and woman !!, 
  hahaha :d nah , scandinavian alright :p, 
  i did n't knew . 
  i do n't know about scots , but some guys here are just ... awesome, 
  and you know how much i care about anything only because i talk to people here ? 
  do you know me or how much i or my family care for some things absolutely unrelated to the subject , or not ? 
  until you `` care '' more than me , you can go in that place the horse let her plus two !, 
  i 'm hungarian , romanian citizen and woman . 
  i 'm absolutely the epitome of different , but let 's be honest , if you 're not south asian or african or muslim in britain you 're kinda f. . nigel farage problem :d, 
  men , little children they are !, 
  but damn me if i do n't love some of them , 
  we usually are invisible  it 's a must , i ca n't go to celebrate my 18 without a tan , now unfortunately i 'm red like a boiling crab and feel like one , but i 'll heroically stand in front of the enemies : dd, 
  so i , because i 'm eastern european , must have any idea about greece and its extremists how ? 
  i absolutely think she 's just completely american like . 
  she kinda bought black nationalism kind of speech . 
  she would be fired in no time here , but since britain is so much more ... 
  read again prietene  wear a skirt and get back to me after you 'll have enough shit from your `` brothers '' . 
  same do white men and women , from different backgrounds . 
  so why she 's free ? 
  must be something in my blood , i do n't bite ... usually , not sparkle in the sun . 
  i 'm definitely sick , german grandma is at fault :d, 
  let 's go to into crusade mode , all of us and see how racism will decrease ... / s, 
  greeks are not into sarcasm , get it !, 
  so if i was , google forbid :d , raped i 'm just a number in your world ? 
  i never lived there , so my oh so `` glamorous '' shorts were only into `` hei gagica ce te ... '' or `` papusa , hai cu noi '' in an aggressive way , or `` stai fa , ca te ia mama dracu ... '' . 
  maybe you should try to be me and talk about feminism after !, 
  may be , but it 's definitely not about killing white men . 
  i never used the word `` true '' , did i ? 
  okay , i ca n't stand russians , orb\u00e1n and bulshiters on the internet but i do n't feel the urge to kill anyone , not to mention that i definitely wo n't shout out loud that even if i will be somehow upset by some things , like she was . 
  i think . 
  oh c'mon , did n't you knew that ? 
  how can a western european feel good without togas and marble statues with leafs on the head ? 
  do n't tell , you hoped i 'll bite your neck through the screen with my long fangs ? 
  teapa ( ask a romanian what it means ) , i 'm hungarian :d, 
  so lithuanians are not whites ... poles , nein !, 
  austria ... well yeah because ... blah blah ... . greeks can be used as cultural hub and whatever but they were of course scandinavian back then and of course material for that lady in the op today . 
  everything is relative and related to western european views , we have nothing to do with it unfortunately . 
  i do n't know what that scotsman thing is , true or not !, 
  i just know what my feminist ideas are !, 
  and i definitely do n't want to kill people or subjugate any person !, 
  i think i 'm enough being myself to do that :p, 
  nope , your `` nanaanananaa '' it 's a playback ... go back to your room !, 
  : dd okay , i 'm very interested why you are disappointed . 
  me too , is n't amazing  so much love ... uuggghhh, 
  make an experiment , if you 're ... well , feminine enough and go walk outside for ten minutes in july or ask your 53 years old teacher to explain something you did n't understand while you 're alone with him and tell me how much you loved his hairy hand on your ass and his fingers on your chin . 
  late edit : thanks for putting yourself in my shoes guys . 
  looks like most of you guys had a great experience being a girl , no harassment and shit whatsoever , that 's why the downvotes . 
  congrats then !, 
  i ca n't be racist cuz i 'm protestant !, 
  you ca n't be racist cuz you 're , probably , orthodox !, 
  what the heck religious affiliation has to do with racism ? 
  especially since most of us are not religious at all . 
  no escape , you 'll be killed !, 
  monday afternoon . . she 'll send you the details . 
  do n't forget to be there , or else ... 
  life to live ... music :p, 
  i have no idea !, 
  maybe because she looks like a white woman ?!, 
  i do n't know how she even looks like : dd she 's stupid . 
  nah , unfortunately i am way too much white . 
  i definitely need some tan and another hair done , preferably less yellow :d, 
  well , i think i could very well pass as a british with ease . 
  i used the white thing in lack of something else by the way . 
  but in the context , it has some sense ... 
  i think .
