  i do n't say that all the migrants from there are war refugees , but economic migrants are pushed by war too , in an indirect way . 
  late edit : i know my post is n't exactly follows the spirit of how / r/europe 's opinion about life in the middle east is ( so downvotes are understandable ) but as a person who was there ( in my childhood , but is still more than most of you did . 
  no offense intended ) and knowing my parents and my grandpa 's stories from their trips there , i know how many of them live . 
  it 's not like they live in slums without running water and toilet paper , most people there ( in time of peace ) had a better life than most of eastern europeans in their situation . 
  they 're just tricked into going to europe by lots of traffickers and on those we should strike hard !, 
  if turkey will have a half-decent `` ruler '' , when your prophecy will come true , they 'll probably ask for help from nato and ( again ) if our `` idiots in charge '' would n't be too blind , they 'll put down the armed rebels long before they reach egean sea . 
  but i do n't think anything close to syria is even remotely possible in turkey , since they 're nationalism and army is way too strong than any kind of islamist ideology . 
  okay , all foreigners are out of the place and strange ( since this is a protest in greece ) but iranians are the weirdest of them all . 
  more like , not the country , 
  do n't want to change my name though !, 
  he can leave his house ! . 
  romanian justice . . still weak !!, 
  no , he 's not !, 
  you 're a pole though !, 
  `` this is a joke '' :p, 
  okay !, 
  i love putin !, 
  does n't work , cos i do n't mean it !, 
  sometimes we should say what 's wrong , not downvote random people and then vote idiots ( we have a lot here too ) . 
  i 'm not exactly your / pol / kind of person . 
  i 'm aware about romanian stereotypes and hungarian ones in the south !, 
  i do n't like it !, 
  let 's hope , i do n't have higher hopes though !, 
  not exactly cz masta !, 
  were n't you guys sleeping ?!, 
  i 'm a kid , according to many people ( my dad is the first to call me like that ) . 
  men wanting to women in eastern europe !? 
  could be , but i never heard about such things . 
  avass\u00e1g if you 're into that !!!, 
  morosenii sunt , more or less our brothers/sisters !, 
  kinda  pickpockets ?!, 
  i never steal in my life !, 
  edit : i mean it , i never stole anything in my life !, 
  i 'll kill anything around your house too , but i like your attitude nonetheless , 
  i write well ? 
  more or less ? 
  that 's normal mate , if i 'm the provider of course :p, 
  that 's my village , more or less my county and the `` state '' of maramoros !, 
  did n't knew it 's momaland ?!, 
  what the hell is that ? 
  atheists ? 
  shhhh poland is close !, 
  do n't mess with us cos we 'll piss on you !, 
  what the fuck is wrong with this sub ?!, 
  this poster put its '' / s '' and fuck me if it 's not ( dark and sarcastic ) funny what he said !, 
  shut up , ya catholic , 
  i 'll keep that in my heart :p, 
  to be completely honest , you 're quite `` shy '' when it 's about to show some . 
  or understand it nonetheless . 
  in july . . tu ? 
  perfect , nici eu nu bag stupid stuff !, 
  i 'm hungarian , slavic is in our and romanian blood . 
  just like ours is in them . 
  germans think about anyone in the east or south like that , we just take their money and pretend to be like they think . 
  disclaimer : this is a joke !, 
  i 'll upvote you , only cos i do that for anybody i talk to . . but fuck me if i understand what you said here !, 
  not from me , i 'm not into shit like these , but comparing humans with animals gon na send you in ... not valhalla ( to be completely european here ) :d, 
  19 . . almost . 
  so , ce fumezi ? 
  czech . . what ?!, 
  go away with your capitalistic names !!!, 
  csehorsz\u00e1g or cehia kinda worked for me , but that assugly `` czechia '' ... 
  ewwwww !!!, 
  come to oas and feel reality :p, 
  davidoglu is my best bet ? 
  i never put much effort into something , except my motorcycle and i never go crazy ( except a couple of times when i really liked somebody and i absolutely win the race ... if you know what i mean ) . 
  i have like 1400 kilograms of genuine plum alcohol , double boiled , in under my ( my father 's ) house , what 's some ? 
  worse joke ever m8 !, 
  especially here , comparing greeks with animals will probably give you lots of `` sympathy '' !, 
  so if i 'm ham , it 's not like i 'm a pork eating bitch , but i 'm mostly interested by how to drink stupid stuff ? 
  if you hear it , stay away from the source !, 
  curious question , i never heard dogs barking `` beer beer '' or `` whiskey whiskey '' !, 
  ham is just food , not exactly the most important thing in a party . 
  sheep : beehea ( i think most of us associate this with arab speech , unconsciously ) pig : groh groh . 
  obviously both !, 
  do n't be such an american , they squat in russia not in moldova ! . . 
  okay :p, 
  i know , 
  not to me !, 
  i can cheer on davutoglu without feeling guilty ? 
  i 'm not exactly a man and you 're funny !, 
  gross :d, 
  implying i 'm a man , like all turks . .  :(, 
  everyone else knows those little things only meow meow . . or something similar !, 
  okay , now that 's really funny !, 
  cambridge dogs maybe . . 
  and the rooster say . . honhonhon baguette !, 
  i do n't quite understand what you said . 
  you did what ????? 
  why ?!, 
  yeah right , those guys who `` returned '' have anything but love for turkey : /, 
  implying friendship between people lolol no , i just think you are cool !, 
  that 's all !, 
  disclaimer : do n't look for anything hidden in my comment , it 's exactly what i meant !, 
  tl : dr who 's the bad guy here ? 
  i do n't really want to swear at the wrong moustache  edit : since i 'm downvoted here i must give some explanation . 
  i do n't exactly understand who 's the best guy for us ( and its people ) and i ca n't overcome those mustaches ( no matches to my great-grandfather 's ones though ) so i asked a question . 
  with a joke in it . . gee : ^ \u00fe, 
  that 's the son of dave , would n't it ? 
   why ca n't all men be such spineless lap dogs ?
