  those wannabe germans who want to sell the holy land of italy to slavs ? 
  cuz this is what will happen , hear me well : ^ p, 
  they wo n't cross any river , if they 're into that they 'll better cross to croatia . 
  yes , but let 's not go there and put some electricity in them beside all you said  let 's just not try to kill people only because they want to go to sweden or , like they shout yesterday in hungary `` germany , germany '' and be again called genocidal racist gypsy barbarians ... 
  i think making someone eat some pork , drink some hard stuff and swearing at least ten times that guy , what 's his name ... allah that 's it , makes you good enough for a christian  at least in this region , i ca n't talk about sweden or portugal though . . 
  of course . 
  i 've said `` i believe many . . '' not all of them . 
  anyway , we just kinda look from afar to all the shitstorm since they do n't even want to pass our land , not to mention staying here . 
  i have a stunt `` something '' ( it 's like a very big razor ) and it 's something like 10.000 volts but the amperage is 0.0 something . 
  i do n't have any idea how much they use in those fences . . not a great choice for a comparison but i get it . 
  like i 've said it , maybe they think ( and many do think that ) europeans wo n't do such thing , or many will be too illiterate to even understand what it 's written on the fence , or the warning signs are too far from where they 'll try to pass , or ... . . 
  it 's enough to have someone killed and hungary will `` tear down the . . fence '' in no time , especially if the victim is a child . 
  it 's 220 voltage usually in our houses . 
  the amperage can kill you , not the voltage , but a little kid or someone who has a heart condition can be killed by the shock . 
  i believe that and i 'm definitely not a right winger or a politician , quite the opposite . 
  it 's just a fact , when you leave a safe country ( and cross something like 5 another safe countries to reach germany ) you ca n't be named a refugee . 
  what refuge do they look for when crossing the border between greece and macedonia ?!, 
  especially since , from what we saw , macedonian police is n't the most desirable bunch you 'll want to meet as a person from the middle east . 
  now you 're talking !, 
  most of them will end up in britain anyway , so let the welsh guy win this round will ya . 
  i think it 's a very good thing that local muslims did that !, 
  * this `` thing '' ( i do n't want to use a dirty word ) remembered the newcomers , if it was needed , that extremism is . . not ok * police and intelligence agencies can do their job much easier , locating those idiots and looking if there 's some new recruits they did n't knew about . 
  that 's quite unfortunate !, 
  a beautiful culture does n't exists anymore . 
  if the situation is like in transylvania , most of them do it . 
  usually , the youngsters who do n't speak the language do not identify with their grandpa 's ethnicity anymore . 
  i think any eastern european know those things too well , unfortunately . 
  maybe , i do n't know . 
  accidents can happen , many people who came may be illiterate or they wo n't believe what is written ... the last thing i want to hear about is that a little children died because of a fence built by my kin . 
  anyway , they 'll probably just go through romania if the fence purpose will be achieved . 
  now building another fence between hungary and romania will be a very big task . 
  insignificant ?!, 
  ( o.o ), 
  not very big , i think , otherwise they 've been `` liberated '' from italian `` oppression '' already ... by little green men on boats , wearing funny masks ; ^ ), 
  there are many kids there , you know !, 
  good luck doing that at the serbian-hungarian border , spending hundreds of millions for nothing . 
  because instead going straight to the north they 'll have a little detour to north-east through romania and will end up in hungary in no time . 
  they kinda lost their refugee status when they left turkey . 
  now they 're nothing more than economic migrants in search for a better life . 
  i do n't blame them or something , just stating a fact . 
  i believe many of these 2000 we have are mostly from romanian citizen 's syrian families . 
  the army brought them here few years ago , especially when obama talked about bombing the regime . 
  not sure about it though . 
  like always , ... ... 
  some southeastern guy !, 
  do n't assume anything about me , and i 've seen that today on romanian national t.v. 
  yes i know , unfortunately i know !, 
  except albania , my grandpas used anything in the eastern block ... 
  get out of here , where 's the pork ?!, 
  does it matter ? 
  your country 's institutions need food , so your leader should use it !, 
  rivers can usually have a beach !, 
  those turks . . , 
  yeah , i do n't like it :d, 
  i know you have more than that , usually . 
  i do n't like it , it 's way too poor for me ( meat we need ) . 
  your leader should be more humanitarian and use that food for children !, 
  russia has allot of children without food ! . 
  damn , i like the guy !, 
  late edit : i love his language , blow me if you do n't like me answer . . 
  then feed them with cabbage , like usual !, 
  i absolutely hate cabbage soup , so try to figure another system !, 
  i know , me boyfriend is irish , 
  that 's beets and cabbage soup ? 
  why not send those directly to those who need them ? 
  and gim me a little break before i 'll believe , you can be such an ass when it 's about kids and old timers . 
  does russia has orphanages and seniors institutions ? 
  hospitals ? 
  homeless people ? 
  let 's arse-talk since our people goes straight into the gutter !, 
  it 's orthodox and they see you , catholics , just like them ... not like us ... protestants ( no worries , muslims are in england . . lol ), 
  kinda changed your speech champ !, 
  he may look like an old man ... ; ^ ), 
  ask your parents , if me dad was wrong , i can use that against him ;p, 
  so ... what about the eggs ? 
  did my pa lord , cos i 'll put him confront you ... only for the lulz  only some in the army ? 
  yes , that was here too , danube-black sea canal ... lots of people died there because they lack work safety . 
  i 've said about now !, 
  you nailed it !, 
  they are afraid of themselves and their own desires !, 
  not putin and the big shots , they buy what they want :( i do n't know about that , i know my cousin had an instant erection when he saw someone naked and i beat the crap in him !!!, 
  i rather am exited by a guy voice than his . . organic organization :p so , let 's turn russia in a `` nazi orthodox sharia '' kind of shit . 
  my father used to , still do , work for some international institution and he definitely lacks humour ... but i 'll get your word over his since you lived there . 
  you lived back then ? 
  oh yeah , i forgot that ( greece and turkey ... your bff ) . 
  slave labor ? 
  in the 50s no ? 
  did you know , personally , a guy who was in the middle east ? 
  no . . sorry . . niet , never happened !, 
  homosexual propaganda from the west ( those horrible fascist countries ) ! # ! # !, 
  natural is natural :p, 
  russians ?!, 
  weeee ... ll i kinda disagree : ^ p lolol very fearful edit : i of course did n't even met a russian in me life !, 
  what i said was only theoretical :p, 
  do n't spread the word , it 's vicious and absolutely ... no no that if you ai n't a money marker for the great leader , that 's it !, 
  it 's just amazing how much bulgaria and romania looks almost exactly the same !, 
  hungary was very similar !, 
  are you talking about the eggs statement ? 
  was it true ? 
  my dad usually does n't have to much of a human being sense of humor , so i think he just said what he saw .
