  you said that what op said is n't true . 
  and you were the first to tell me that . 
  you get it ? 
  thank you , personal freedom of choice is one of the pillars of our way of life !, 
  oh sorry , i did n't see you skipped half of my original post . 
  and you should be confused , now look into my eyes ... . and do n't wear a beard for god sake !, 
  you ca n't suck blood these days without hair stuck in your throat ... looks like the 70s are back again . . hmmmm french . . 
  i live in oa\u0219 . 
  and i 'm hungarian . 
  then , as strong as it sounds , it 's something i have in my body , so i 'm entitled to keep or remove it . 
  well , you were the first who said that to me . 
  :d i was quite surprised myself , since i kinda look into polish political life . 
  no offense intended for polish people , but that 's what she looks like . 
  yeah , i 'm exactly like that lolol i love men , physically too hahahahaha, 
  have a good day too , 
  thank you , i really hoped somebody would say that and i hope you 're right !, 
  a foetus is not a child !, 
  we go full circle here , let 's agree to disagree . 
  you wo n't change my opinion and i wo n't change yours . 
  nine months of pregnancy ( and everything else a pregnancy is for a woman ) , giving birth ( with all the pain and suffering possible ) and the thought of your child being . . there , somewhere alone ? 
  no thanks . 
  only somebody who does n't know what is to be a woman can come with such preposterous idea . 
  why do you think that all i 've said it 's about you ? 
  or that i think it 's something like men vs women ? 
  unfortunately it 's only men politicians who think abortion is something we must forbid ( to my knowledge ) . 
   you made a mistake , you had sex . 
  well , i did n't had sex alone you know !, 
  let 's just forbid sex altogether and call it a day . 
  c'mon . . it 's my body and i want to live my life without being forced into something i do n't want to aka being a mother . 
  i do n't want to hate my child only cuz i was forced to have it by the state !, 
  first time ?!, 
  oh , thank you :p, 
  i do n't try to shame anybody , be serious and i 'm not a country to give a dime about low birthrates , i 'm a woman who thinks about herself ( as anybody else does , no matter how selfish it sounds ) and i think my body should be my , not my country 's , business . 
  i do n't think i 'm avoiding discussion , it 's just that my body is none of your business just like yours is n't mine 's . 
  whether you like it or not , anytime you eat your food comes from a living thing , be it a plant or an animal . 
  life is like that , we all make mistakes and i , as a woman , do n't want to pay for them all my life only cuz a man in power thinks he 's entitled to force me do something i do n't want to with my own body !, 
  when did i said that women are more virtuous than men ?!? 
  i 'm not virtuous at all by the way . 
  wow , hello neighbor !, 
  :d i 'm from satu-mare/szatm \u00e1r ; oa\u0219 / avass\u00e1g represent lol i live in the countryside of course . 
  really ?!, 
  if that 's true and they still won , i 'm sorry to say but i think my opinion about polish people was too high . 
  because it 's better sometimes , ya albanian !, 
  / s :p i wait for the mongolia reply , as the tradition say hahaha  / s edit : this comment is a joke !, 
  a few weeks foetus is n't a baby , it 's not like i 'm some sort of a baby killer if by mistake ( forget to take my pills etc ) or something i 'll get pregnant and i will have an abortion . 
  it 's my life and i want to have a choice how i live it without some smartass thief of a politician to tell me what 's best for me !, 
  how dare yuo ?!, 
   for a western wired mind . . and not only western . 
  i 've seen people on / r/romania praising orb\u00e1n and that says a lot :d, 
  nothing is debatable when it 's about my body and my choice !, 
  transylvania stronk , very powerful , many literate !!! 1 !! 11 !, 
  not the region i live in though , that 's not `` many literate '' unfortunately : /, 
  oh , not this hun-ro `` i was first '' crap again !, 
  please no !!, 
  haha , i usually try to say it as it is , insinuating is n't the best way to go with this people :d, 
  one thousand years is enough for you ? 
  cuz that 's how long our memories are . 
  make me sure to follow you then !, 
  serbia is n't russia , no matter how much some people try to look like !!, 
  romania is n't italy or syria is not saudi arabia !, 
  that 's something unknown to me . 
  unfortunately we have loooooong memories , very long !, 
  that 's quite away !, 
  do n't you think !, 
  they do in netherlands ? 
  here nobody dare , thanks calvin , 
  people have died . 
  dunno how you feel about it but i feel bad . 
  nah , her prosecution has a purpose . . for russian federation audience . 
  that 's soviet mentality for you !, 
  nazi type of people fall for such crap . 
  doing that is something like agreeing with me and you , russia wo n't do that ever !, 
  aiding refugees is n't equally important with aiding politicians become richer . 
  hehe , absolutely nothing ? 
  like i 'm serbian and i do n't care about anything else but russia kind of thing ? 
  anyhow , in my pm i was thinking to ask you if you 're serbian , that 's all . 
  ok . why not ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't quite understand your questions . 
  i 'll pm you . 
  you 're serbian ?!, 
  she was most likely captured by russian army , or its affiliates in the east of ukraine . 
  that 's serbian not russian . 
  you know something i do n't ? 
  nobody would expect something special from your country . 
  how she end up there ? 
  please say !, 
  of course he was n't since he 's dead , but what about those who put him down ? 
  do n't they deserve same thing like that woman ? 
  of course it is , i was n't expecting less from you . 
  what about the russian pilot killed by turkey , justice 101 there too ? 
  that 's more than what i was expecting , to be completely honest . 
  ukrainian pilot trailed by a court in russia ... how 's that sounds to you ? 
  since , of course russia is n't involved in the conflict . 
  i thought more about using those money for personal interest of the politicians . 
  that 's a good point !, 
  she 's guilty ? 
  in your opinion !, 
  huh ? \u00bf, 
  or some radioactive material in her tea . . yeah , very much russian . 
  be proud of our hate then !,
