  i love this pic !!, 
  haram !, 
  eu is the best thing we got in like 1000 ( one thousand ) years !, 
  f. . k the eu-skeptics !, 
  i do n't want to be sent in a concentration camp only for swimming across the danube !, 
  me being magyar , in romania , not in the center of romania ... get it ? 
   i do n't want to move !, 
  i love it here !, 
  it 's my home . 
  fruit moonshine belt best belt !, 
  not in your article tho . 
  finnish `` soldiers of odin '' sounds like magyar `` soldiers of decebalus '' or romanian `` son 's of attila '' lolol edit : i used attila instead of arp\u00e1d because the later is lesser known , if at all . 
  unfortunately its policies affect me a lot : /, 
  oh shut your ... 
  it has armor , must be a mod !, 
  sorry  i did n't mean it !, 
  not exactly , but i 'll give it to you only cos i 'm a lady . 
  i 've seen the title and i did n't read more !, 
  :d really ?!, 
  and i was there !, 
  next time i 'll eat only fish and veggies !, 
  i really hate police !, 
  got like ten speeding tickets this year in three countries . 
  i mean , gim me a break it 's a fucking motorcycle !, 
  ( wow , it 's so good to swear ) i feel bad now :(, 
  yeah , the weather is quite strange these days . 
  way too hot and from my experience ( not too long , but i lived here for like half of my life ) we gon na have a bad reminder in march . 
  :( damn you , why did you had to mention that schembe ??? 
  i love that salad and i try to not eat this morning !!!, 
  i swallowed my chewing gum ugh do you have any magyar friends ? 
  if not , you do n't know romania :d, 
  i do n't want to be banned and to be honest i kinda do n't like to swear . 
  swedish government is cringy , not like our own tho , we 're just stupid , 
  people need us , stupid , to feel better about themselves . 
  i live in romania and despite not being romanian myself , i know that  wallachia/valachia/valahia it 's those naughty southerners who think any magyar is an extremist :d, 
  you have no idea how much we . . love those politicians , of course putin has a big plastic place in our lives . 
  stalin is better than him tho . 
  disclaimer : i 'm sorry , was n't meant for you !, 
  on the fu . . beach !, 
  in the winter !!, 
  bulgarians and their thick head hahahahaha !, 
  are you the poster boy for romanian prejudices about bulgarians ? 
  cos you look like one , 
  your family name is cwm ? 
  if not , you absolutely are n't welsh . 
  ( it 's a joke ) oh , about the op , i 'm a minority in here . 
  and i do n't quite like my `` mother '' country 's political leaders , like at all !, 
  nor do i like our leaders or romanian ones !, 
  we like the president and the actual prime minister , unfortunately the second one will be out in one year . 
  and you 'll do what there ? 
  i was dv and i thought it 's you , since i talked to you . 
  i 'm sorry if i was wrong . 
  i wo n't look at the vid , sorry !, 
  let those guys alone , if you 're so into that . . you always have us to throw s. . t at !, 
  i never said i 'll go to ... anywhere !, 
  what the f. . . ? 
  to do what ?!, 
  btw , thanks for downvote : /, 
  killing on the beach ? 
  maybe in estonia , cuz we 're filled here . 
  wait a minute we have some places close to the sea . 
  edit : some bollocks . 
  oh god , i said something wrong ? 
  honestly , it was only a joke !, 
  please forgive me , i 'm only a stupid eastern european redditor !, 
  i 'm a woman by the way ( that must put this swede in its place ) !, 
  at the beach ??? 
  yeah , i lived through this cheating weather !, 
  in one week it will be minus ten or something : /, 
  oh my goodness !!!, 
  a russian mod here , we 're doomed :'( ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ a ^ ^ joke ^ ^ mr ^ ^ mod, 
  shittin ' in turkey 's head mood intensifies !!!, 
  lol ; ), 
  do n't know what that poster said , but i thought the same . 
  estonia 's population is what it is , small !, 
  and smart of course :d, 
  i wonder where we 'll be without vaslui ? 
  yeah right , dunno about you but we had some minus 's here !, 
  of course we 're `` cool '' now !, 
  it was 12 for jesus sake !, 
  in february !, 
   summer is for going to the beach ftfy, 
  anschluss some reddit else , damn it !, 
  sounds weird !, 
  the vid i mean . 
  i know about those different scripts , we ai n't that stupid ( unfortunately except some cyrillic i ca n't read anything else but latin script ) . 
  naaah , it 's more like beer vs moonshine/vodka vs wine kind of thing !, 
  we 're such a complicated people ... ya right : / lolol, 
  i know mate , not a fan but i had my share of bollywood and i 've seen lots of english sneaking into the language the actors spoke !, 
  even in philippines i 've seen that , spanish had a good chunk of it there . 
  thank you for the map !, 
  damn , never knew people in afghanistan speak iranian . 
  i do too , got lots of imaginary maps i 've made in four grade !!, 
  beer bad , wine good !, 
  believe it or not , but i thought lithuanian is greek when i read it on a box of detergent . 
  all those asas sasas ... greek . 
  i was 10 and the detergent was tide i think !, 
  hail fc porto  thanks for not jumping in my head for a joke by the way , 
  thanks !, 
  i thought so .
