  so , you disagree with what he said ? 
  if so , why ? 
  oh c'mon mate , every country from there to germany and beyond has some `` greater . . '' crazy ass map . 
  do n't tell me greece is scared by some maps in macedonia ? 
  about the name , romania should very much `` veto '' anything for rep. of moldova since they are ~ a third of `` historical '' moldova , moldova river is in romania just like all the `` historical '' capitals of ... who would guess . . `` historical '' moldova . 
  wiretapping is good , if used against corrupt crooks not for them . 
  here this is one of the most important tool against corruption . 
  so if it 's against thieves , wiretap the hell out of them !, 
  yes , you have a point here . 
  i do n't agree with 4 injured on each death though . 
  but hey , i 'm not a statistician so i could be way of . 
  thanks for the links !, 
  you were referring to me , you satan worshiper : ^ p which is of course very offensive for any human being on the planet lolol, 
  not necessarily , but if you 're a man you will be a little ... hmmm considered not quite a normal man or a neo-protestant  and some would think you do n't want to drink from them , if that 's the case ... . . ye better run fast . 
  thanks , some would disagree though , even here on reddit haha :d well , i ca n't lie , i 'm not like that . 
  i have my beliefs , in my heart i 'm quite strong a christian , but i do n't go to church and i do n't want to believe in what our idiotic pastors want me to believe , my faith ( or lack of it ) it 's a very intimate thing for me and it should remain like that . 
  yeah , look at me doing exactly what i said i hate to others ... talk about religion . 
  gee , i 'm such an idiot sometimes !!!, 
  and they still avoid killing people . 
  it 's insane , i would never go there on my motorcycle , but it 's quite safe . . if you know the rules ( their rules ) . 
  yeah yeah , but you 'll burn now !, 
  maaaaam !!!!!!, 
  where 's the fucking lighter !, 
  bring a cigarette while your at it anyway . 
  that guy got hungry and we did n't burn shit . 
  fuck you papist !!!!, 
   ca n't find the lighter ... mum , you ate the lighter again ?!, 
  how we gon na burn this papist now ... jesus christ !!!, 
  send this guy to his pope !, 
  where 's that lighter though , 
  lots of , hunger striked fresh from the school benches , writers are waiting for those guys in bulgaria !, 
  let 's give them a piece of bread !, 
  burn that papist ... !!!, 
   how dare you ?!?!, 
  okay , actually i love this pope ... 
  catholic !?!, 
  they 'll be forced to learn cyrillic before start writing ten books per day . 
  can we go norwegian on bulgaria ? 
  they seem to barely use those ... , 
  then i think you need some glasses !, 
  i really do n't want to explain myself , cos you know what i mean !, 
  do n't be anal now , really !, 
  i know , you have friends and shit , but try to come with some intelligent convo . 
  do n't be a fucking child !, 
  yeah , maybe that 's why you ( not you ) know more than a. . 
  who said you did ?!?!, 
  well , 40 is like that age , when you know this and that , for me . 
  was a metaphor , chill . 
  ; ^ ) smartass ;p yeah , you tell me !, 
  i know some who really made me believe they are at least 40 and prove to be . . less , 
  well , because i 'm not very polite ... maybe . 
   i am , with old people . . until they start talking about politics and/or religious stuffed ducks , 
  szia  very much amazed to hear that , mersi !, 
  we all speak , some , romanian here . 
  unfortunately many of your own people look down to this language , strange . 
  and nobody will , just like dragnea . 
  i misread your post , sorry !, 
  thanks , even if you did n't mean it ( realize it ) , sunt unguroaic\u0103 :d eu \u00eenc\u0103 sper . 
  then nothing change , he wo n't be arrested ( what we want ) until those bandits will be out !, 
  meaning like in jail , it is way out of our span of life . 
  edit : i really miss those history lessons about spikes and things like that now . . 
  we have them too here in oa\u0219 , but nobody force feed you mate !, 
  and i really ca n't eat as much as a granny from moldova , really :d !, 
  complaints complaints , we force people to drink more than they can handle ... we 're not that different afterall , 
  are n't you way too optimistic ? 
  is n't he still a member of the chamber ( senat ? ), 
  and it 's a shame !, 
  those people are the most sweet human beings i ever met in my life !, 
  they should stop force feed the tourists though :d, 
  it 's the same thing here , fortunately politicians in romania are a little more scared ( for the moment ) if people start rioting . 
  they know that if they resign it 's all good and everyone will forget in max two weeks , if they not resign and cling to power , then ... 
  i rather take a honest savage from the woods , we have enough , than a doctor in something corrupt , as pm !, 
  my opinion . 
  . . of moldova , 
  i 'll buy candy instead , the dentist does n't look so frightening now ... !, 
  damn !!, 
  that treatment or the cigarettes ? 
  thank god , i can smoke now !!!, 
  serbia it 's almost across the street so ... where 's my cigarettes ?!, 
  i 'll absolutely be fit for the job . / s are you serious ? 
  mayors do , in my village , and there he definitely had a word for anyone hired in any place which depends on his position . 
  down with him !, 
  in bucharest ... ?!, 
  90 kph is huge mate . 
  not to mention the 120 kph . 
  what they could do more than not being such corrupt bastards ? 
  i think , not signing a piece of paper without looking at it , only for money . 
  doing their job !, 
  things like that . 
  they 'll be fucked if riot police will come !, 
  fuck it , i think even my mum will go to the streets if they 'll be such ass 's . 
  oh , that 's me , the personification of politeness  not quite lolol, 
  since i 'm a woman , i rather think it will be the other way around lolol , 
  unfortunately you 'll have them now for a bit , four ( ? ), 
  years at least . 
  from what i 've got from reedit a party named chp would be better , but i 'm not so sure . 
  what you think it will be next there ? 
  you 'll go full ceausescu or ... ? 
  sometimes in the past , you had some army coups . 
  not letting idiotic ppl go to ankara ... cmon m8 and he , you know who , does n't seem to ask your pm and you when he does something !,
