  what ?!? 
  i 'm sorry but i really do n't understand what you 're into . 
  i do n't know what it makes her , but i , as a woman feel no connection with her statement whatsoever !, 
  she 's asking for my father , brothers , boyfriend etc etc etc to be killed . 
  whenever someone asks for killing people means they are insane or stuck in the medieval times . 
  edit : she 's a feminist as much as i 'm a man . 
  she does n't attack men , she wants only white men to die !, 
  and that has nothing to do with female empowerment but everything with racism !, 
  i think if a romany in her position in romania would escape the prosecution too , if she would say that and because of the way media works here , she would be really rich in no time . 
  american views over anything politically related is as much alien to me as ... feminism is to you , i guess :d stupid things as black nationalism and white guilt is nothing more than a `` movie like '' thing to me . 
  feminism for me is `` real '' empowerment and equal choices for us , not some kind of `` i 'm supiriur than ya '' idiocy . 
  and as a woman , eastern european one , i wo n't believe in becoming a man-like one only to be equal , since i 'm already `` superior '' whenever i want only . . by being myself ... ;p, 
  i very much doubt he thought about women when he said that . 
  i wonder what would have happened if i would have been in her position with my ethnic background and ask for a `` kill all black men '' ... 
  death to misogyny !!, 
  she 's turkish ? 
  so she thinks that turkish men should be killed ?!, 
  because all turks i 've encountered were white 0.0, 
  feminism is a movement for women empowerment not for mass murder of men !, 
  that piece of ... idiotic excuse of a woman is just that , a stupid idiot without anything resembling a brain under her skull !, 
  she 's not feminist , she 's just a `` by the book '' racist piece of trash who think that if you 're not white you ca n't be racist whatever you do or say !, 
  stupid b. . . h !, 
  awww thanks :p, 
  lol :d well , it works fine except the `` late '' part because i always answer late :p put a german grandma in the mix too hahahahaha, 
  what benefits ?!, 
  i genuinely ask that because i have no idea in what way the state pay for married couples . 
  and like the dutch poster said , since they pay for said benefits they are absolutely entitled to receive them too . 
  so sorry for the late response but i was n't here for awhile , 
  if they want into nordic they must take all the syrians bulgaria has . 
  just like the nordic sweden !, 
  that 's better than having `` eastern europeans '' outside the supermarkets !, 
  if they want to be nordic of course . 
  they are n't , nor finns are , but since they beg ... crazy since i find fennic people amazing . 
  because you are blonde does n't necessarily mean you are some sort of a god !, 
  and vikings were just the guys who stole from you before germans !, 
  and i thought we were independent . 
  :( gim me a break , some of us in eastern europe do n't give one fk about their gas !, 
  what if it was a typo there and your ggg-pa was pilaf or worse ivan ? 
  so i was , like always of course , right !, 
  :d just joking !, 
  turkey and albania are for sea ... looks like russia forgot two game :d, 
  under the . . map . 
  it 's under the same sea as all of us . 
  1968 if you 're too cheeky !, 
  i have no idea if the map is true , it 's made by british so ... 
  i just said what my country 's legislation said while being oblivious about other countries ( just read what other people said ) . 
  what reasons ? 
  by the way , i did n't thought about ddr when i said about your eastern past :d it was a joke , hence the '' :p '', 
  it 's eastern european past . 
  yes , i know it 's not possible blah blah blah but it 's true :p, 
  well , every country has its laws and in my country you ca n't change anything in the constitution unless you make a referendum to change the ... constitution . 
  i absolutely do n't know anything about poland 's legal system , i just gave it as an example , it could have been bulgaria or lithuania for all i know . 
  it 's about legislation , the map that 's it , not about how hard it is to change the law or how much people will like a change etcaetera . 
  i 'm more into another kind of mtv , 
  but a finnish person `` upstairs '' in the comments said something about `` in 2017 if ... '' , look up !, 
  anyway , until 2017 finland shall be dark blue in my mind at least :d, 
  and what makes us less equal if we 're allowed to marry someone of the same gender ? 
  i 'd like to be able to marry another woman if i 'll feel so sometime in my life . 
  because it does n't cost you anything if you let people be happy !, 
  that 's why !, 
  ummm . . 
  i very much doubt i mentioned estonia :p, 
  the only difference , a pretty big one , is that in romania you can change the law tomorrow while in poland you have to change the constitution who 's the fundamental law of the country . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't say romanians will change that petty law anytime soon or before poland , i think quite the opposite , i just said how the laws are , 
  read it too fast :d or it 's cuz i deeply dislike the guy ... 
  the difference is that in poland i think the constitution says that the marriage is between a man and a woman , while in romania it says it 's between husbands , no gender specification . 
  hence in poland is banned for the start while in romania it is n't banned but it 's still not recognized because some other law who can be changed by a simple vote in parliament . 
  edit : about the other things , you 're absolutely right but we do n't talk about people 's mentality here but about the laws each country has , 
  but why finland , who 'll put it in practice only in 2017 is painted light blue and slovenia not ? 
  hmmmm ... 
  it wo n't pass for sure , unfortunately . 
  those idiots in that commission ( or whatever the name is ) who must send a recommendation to the parliament , instead discussing remus cernea 's proposal in a serious way started mocking the guy . 
  stupid fks ' !, 
  `` oh , you little putin wannabe '' !, 
  they 'll say he was drunk !, 
  i bet all the money i do n't have that they will say that !, 
  and honestly , no news what so ever in hungarian press about that ?!, 
  if so things are even worse than i thought . 
  no revise , i 'm better with k\u00f6vesi no need for viktators in my garden !, 
  with a hammer at least ... c'mon i gave up on something , so you should do the same :d, 
  absolutely not !, 
  it will fail disastrously and make the churches ( no matter denomination ) even more powerful than they already are . 
  not to mention the idiotic `` macho culture '' most of us have in eastern europe it wo n't die very soon . 
  i say just make a law who says that it 's alright and in the same time start a foul propaganda pro this , people are stupid ( i know how it sounds but it 's true ) and they 'll fall for it . 
  preferably with a sledgehammer :d, 
  awesome :d edit : what the fk i 've said now ? 
  i just said her comment is `` awesome '' !, 
  sometimes i feel that urge to shout out loud `` hey !, 
  i 'll be major league in a month '', 
  it looks more as a `` brotherly love slap '' , something my big brother would do to the little one ( not to me cuz i 'll gauge his eyeballs ) . 
  so nothing to worry about , they are friends . 
  unfortunately :(, 
  no worries , 
  trianon ... ;d, 
  u can complete your project in romania , unfortunately you do n't know how to be cool !, 
  so go on ... 
  what ? 
  i 've seen the owner on t.v. , he 's bulgarian . 
  that 's not right !, 
  i do n't feel good with switzerland and benelux there , i 'll stay with slovenia and slovakia , but nem !,
