  that 's all . 
  humanity maybe not . 
  but europe will definitely lose alot from its values if it will let a minor to be jailed or executed by another country . 
  and no , you should only fight to get out of there minor ( as in age ) idiots . 
  the rest can be killed for what i care . 
  my 5yo neece killed a baby snake with a rock this morning . 
  she knew no better since my brother is an idiot and learned her to do that . 
  is she guilty of something ? 
  she knows no better and she 's only ten years younger than that girl . 
  i guess she 's just bloodthirsty eh ? 
  diplomacy it 's used for everything . 
  if the german state is dumb enough to let her free then it surely deserve what they 'll get from her . 
  but i have a feeling they 're not that stupid . 
  people in the past were old at 30 . 
  we 're young at 60 . 
  we are not like them . 
  and to be honest at 16yo you 're not that smart at all . 
  i 'm quite close to that age and look at me ... arguing with lots of my reddit friends and making enemies for someone i never knew and who would put me wear some burka ( or whatever ) if it would be in her power to do it . 
  if that 's smart ... : ^ d, 
  i just say their corruption put our own ... wait no , it put russian corruption to shame . 
  that 's all . 
  thank you !, 
  yeeeah ... diplomacy it 's used too . 
  i suggest to use it when playing games . 
  of course they do n't do that as a legal form of punishment . 
  by do you really think she wo n't be/is raped ? 
  a minor should be protected no matter what . 
  if she has n't full rights she should n't be fully punished either . 
  and she should not be punished by some blood thirsty , rape hungry iraqis . 
  justice is made with a cool head . 
  they have meanings and a nice jail in cuba . 
  iraqi police is qualified now ?!, 
  c'mon now be serious . 
  send her to the americans then . 
  just let her live to have enough time to regret her stupidity . 
  too bad for german government then . 
  imo of course . 
  i 'm okay with all you said ( isis do n't use women in war though ) except the last part . 
  we 're still europeans . 
  death penalty ( especially for an underaged ) is a big no-no !, 
  because she was dumb enough to belive some bearded jihadi don juan . 
  i assume why just like most people here do . 
  and then why should they kill her if she was only a `` lackey '' ... most likely a jihadi bride . 
  i see people here say she was a sniper and s #it . 
  so let 's kill her . 
  or better yet , let 's put iraqis to do that . 
  i only asked for her to be sent back in her home country . 
  what 's going to happen to her in germany it wo n't - hopefully - be a slap on the wrist . 
  no i do n't l. i just `` downplay '' the accusations everyone throw in that girl 's head . 
  that 's all . 
  nah , i 'm quite okay tonight . 
  maybe i look agitated but i 'm calmer than most people here . 
  being alive for a start ... 
  why ? 
  do you want to throw some c. . p in me too ? 
  neither do you . 
  think about it . 
  she could be a valuable source of info about jihadists who came back in germany and be a witness in some trials if - as all of you think - she was an isis sniper . 
  absolutely . 
  but at 16 you 're only two years older than that naughty 14yo who throw stones at 18yo girls who kiss with their boyfriends in the park . 
  a 16 years old need another chance . 
  it needs counselling not rape and a rope or a bullet . 
  you know how it is at 16 ? 
  do you remember ? 
  or do you have the same age as her ? 
  i very much doubt she can do that in prison . 
  of course those people did n't deserve what happened to them . 
  alleged crime . 
  and it also counts your age . 
  that 's exactly what it is !, 
  i guess i do n't . 
  especially since you know me so well and of course know what i did or did n't feel for her alleged victims . 
  you should be a judge in iraq since you definitely talk like one . 
  you just assumed that just like i assumed she was brainwashed . 
  absolutely . 
  if he was 16yo . 
  yeah right lol, 
  i kinda have the same impression sometimes . 
  he 's alive and kicking now . 
  looks like people are hungry for blood here but they have no idea about that this girl can be a goldmine of info in proper hands . 
  and they say i `` think '' with my feelings not with my mind . 
  would you be ok with a 10yo being executed ? 
  she 's still your country 's citizen . 
  does n't she ? 
  more like virgins . 
  but let 's call them trolls :d, 
  thank you, 
  yeah i guess you are right here . 
  but i think a psychologist would be more suitable to give verdicts though . 
  she bought all the c. . p they sell her alright . 
  but she 's no different from a girl selled into prostitution ( those are not only from poor countries ) who loves her pimp/seller . 
  trust me , i knew one who loves him even now after 10 years . 
  some people are weak . 
  but a 16yo girl can and should be saved . 
  in my ( maybe wrong ) opinion . 
  that 's a given . 
  ca n't wait for daily mail headlines `` romanians ate a shepherd in wales '' . 
  fair trail in iraq for an isis prisoners ?!, 
  yeah ... 
  think about it ,
