  you have english as native ?!, 
  not one of the languages in india ? 
  i 've heard you have like 1000 languages there . 
  yeah and you read them . 
  we just kinda look at them from afar and go back to our table in the pub , beer is better than knowledge :d, 
  oh i know about that scandal !!!!, 
  it 's one of my many `` axes to grind '' with britain and british media . 
  but that 's something else . 
  i know , in italy they even use donkey meat in some salami , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  that 's the army , geee !, 
  / s disclaimer : this is a joke , a bad one i reckon , but still a joke !, 
  french ppl please do n't kill me !, 
  he knows more about europe than most of us , shame on us !, 
  : / why indians are so damn smart ? 
  i guess if i 'll give you one hour you 'll know more about the region i live in than my history professor !, 
  you 'll always have fc porto , 
  wales/valley , sounds similar enough , so they of course want to make you think about other things , hence cu . . aaa . . cwm . 
  and we have a winner guys & girls !!!!!, 
  wales rule is stronk in the valley !, 
  so by punching that star they meant kaczynski ( sp ? ), 
  is keen to remove eu or homosexuality , because the star has the rainbow allover it ? 
  ooookay , does `` w '' in welsh is in fact `` u '' ? 
  cuz if it is , we have a winner here !, 
  jesus christ , i thought somehow i put my pic in here !, 
  mate , do n't do that again , you almost make me had a heart attack :d, 
  yeah , i guess you 're right . 
  to my eternal shame i 'm more in to pork and chicken , not very fond on beef ( ca n't even look at mutton or goat meat ) . 
  well , in mongolia sheep eyeballs is a `` local delicacy '' so ... 
  they ate horse in uk back in the day ?!, 
  did n't knew that . 
  well , i have one , thanks to your rejection , 
  no , she killed eu . 
  europe is still here , unfortunately it will go back to be what it was in the past because of her . 
  well , looks like i have to go on and say c. . p about anything and everything related with migrants . 
  nah , i like truth and downvotes only tell me that am right . 
  in the winter ? 
  in this wood ?!, 
  i 'll definitely be dead in chicago , in two days , you 'll be dead drunk in one minute !, 
  i 'll survive , i 'm immortal anyway !, 
  ask dutch . . ess !, 
  ya rat !!, 
  * after * * putting * * my * * high * * hills * * in * * your * * ass * . 
  i do n't !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 've seen that in the meantime . 
  thank you again , for the answer !, 
  oh , putting something in the microwave is what i 'm best at !, 
  yeah right , that 's exactly what he missed and that 's just what your type of people will probably find here , except goats and sheep !, 
  it was a joke , for jesus christ sake !, 
  idiots !, 
  thinking about how to torture you !, 
  i 'm a woman for god sake !!, 
  no , you were n't !, 
  do n't shop !!, 
  nothing ? 
  : / / / i do n't eat sweets and i do n't buy food . 
  i 'm not sure , but the result would n't be quite feasible for human beings !, 
  were i live was 9 \u00b0 c today , unfortunately we may have minus ten in march . 
  my ancestors must rolling on their graves , but i ca n't eat such thing !, 
  only in salami , if i do n't know what is in it . 
  hahaha ( threatening laughter ) you little murican , how can you say that while eating all those burgers ?!?!, 
  dang , i feel like vlad now hahahahaha, 
  i had some , roadside stands , in the ... country you know and it 's just like we have in the super 's here . 
  well , with her concubine . 
  husband in her country . 
  rat ???!, 
  i think it 's okiedokie for americans , but horse ... horrible , 
  seconded !, 
  cooking ... pleasure myself !?!? 
  more like tormenting myself and the ones who eat it !, 
  lol, 
  try east of austria veggies/fruits/meats !, 
  do n't go to supermarkets tho . 
  maybe you had horse ( o.o ) / s, 
  can she live as a concubine with her husband ? 
  does a danish girl can marry at , let 's say , 16 and obviously , live with her husband ? 
  if the answer is yes , then the law is rubbish . 
  my two cents . 
  edit : downvotes for a a question . 
  nice !, 
  well , since i never died before , maybe i should n't have said that . 
  i was instead almost raped and that experience is still traumatic for my brain to cope with . 
  and it was only an attempt , who end up very bad for the perpetrators ' health . 
  i 'm not sure i understand you . 
  yes , could be . 
  things like that happened before , though i ca n't understand what can made a boy to do something like that with his gf ?!, 
  i think i have a lot to learn about men mentality . 
  there 's a lot of good news , i guess , we just have to read them . 
  that 's quite bad . 
  i admit i 'm not very knowledgeable about turkish politics , past and present . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  since i 've passed the heat of the moment i reckon you 're right , at 17 i had something like 3 months experience lol, 
  man . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  thank you !, 
  we do that every month , i ca n't understand men and their fears : ^ ), 
  did you was almost raped ? 
  do you know how it is to be with two animals , two times bigger than you ? 
  and thinking about death one year after that ? 
  and i was n't even raped !,
