  obliterate those craps of the face of this green earth !!!!, 
  edit : i 'm sorry !!!!, 
  i do n't want to see anybody killed !, 
  i 'm stupid !, 
  not again !!!, 
  edit1 : i have my dad there and he does n't answer on my phone : '' ( : '' ( edit2 : he 's alive , sleeping . 
  and we * died * here !, 
  and you 're entitled to have one . 
  i 'm always late ... ish . 
  that 's why i choose this name, 
  i 'm always fair , 
  i did n't said the educated people were born and * educated * there though :d, 
  you may be right , i have no idea . 
  but they do n't lack educated people tho , 
  and he also know ancient greek mythology . . :d ** / s **, 
  they do n't lack educated people . 
  they lack a normal democratic system . 
  you must have a very bad soul !, 
  half an hour ... !!!!, 
  i rather listen farage for five hours !, 
  disclaimer : it was a joke guys ... 
  finally !, 
  it took you too long but better late than never . 
  in their defence , they had aleppo in mind . 
  but still is shameful . 
  i mean iran and russia should ( if not already ) lead the operations there . 
  i do n't think is something wrong with / r/europe . 
  maybe is something wrong with my opinion . 
  we usually have opinions here ( bad or good ) not like in russia . 
   edit : thanks for downvotes . 
  he has a reason not to stay away . . gas/oil pipes !, 
  he 's not there because of lovely bashar or for some moral things . 
  it 's a energy war . . money war . 
  ( 0 . o ) downvotes . . oookay :d, 
  what appeal ?!, 
  0 . o edit : like always . . downvotes !, 
  instantly , it 's like you guys are kids hahahaha incredible !, 
  tougher on isis ?!, 
  not true since he just lost palmyra . . he 's tough on oil and gas pipes , other than those from russia to europe . 
  they love us very much i guess lololol :d edit : i can downvote too my friends !, 
  but i rather do n't do it, 
  and they successfully made some people thinking that putin promote peace on earth for some of us while he made some neo-nazis to fall for his propaganda as well . 
  i mean , turning nazis pro-russia and anti eastern europe ( like they usually are ) . . it 's a great achievement . 
  this guy is more dangerous than stalin . 
  he 's not a drunkard and he just want power . 
  a drunkard can be killed . . a robot like this one is hard to be removed !, 
  edit : while being downvoted . . of course . 
  we love eachother but we behave like teenagers hahaha , 
  and i forced myself to learn romanian . . it 's a work in progress though , 
  poland is n't ukraine !, 
  errors ?!? 
  i never knew stealing has error as a synonym in english or romanian . 
  oh . . well , live and learn i guess . 
  neither i see any around here . 
  do you have problems in estonia ?!, 
  your country must be filled with jihadists in there no ? 
  not exactly 11 but 19 in my opinion . 
  looks like we go back in the 20st century . 
  slowly but surely . 
  we all do . . unfortunately . 
  well . . our psd is left . 
  and still populist as s # ! t !, 
  what / u/roxven89 said is of course exaggerated . 
  but populism is n't a prerogative of the right wingers only . 
  especially in our part of europe . 
  perhaps chernobyl really did something in people 's minds !, 
  this robot is annoying . 
  great . 
  exactly what saudi funded mosques need . 
  just fine guys !, 
  but stay away from uk ... ^ ^ / s :d, 
  romania . 
  unfortunately nato does n't need to invent a reason or an enemy . . russia does all the work for them . 
  she 's cute . 
  he looks like ... the little doggie had a bad meal ? 
  give this guy 300 euros and send his arse to jail !, 
  you should . 
  my neighbour has at least nine . 
  the longest one could kill a cow lolol the other one ? 
  like in the younger one ? 
  he 's definitely hungarian !, 
  maybe the poster want to show the people living there . . and i think a fancy guy or girl from vienna was n't exactly what that poster wanted to show since they were n't exactly how most of us looked like back then . 
  it 's based on stereotypes from 100 years ago anyways lolol , 
  you should see our * pocket * * knifes * . 
   and the other one looks like an austrian to you ?!, 
  i do n't know . 
  the pic surely should depict austria and hungary but that old guy looks nothing like a fancy viennese but more like a slavic or romanian peasant . . especially with that * bicska * in his hand . 
  it 's a wierd map though . . the moldovan part of the romanian kingdom looks like a little turkish kid lolol, 
  that huge octopus is alive and kicking even today !, 
  damn . .  edit : is finland on a toilet or something ?!, 
  he must be from oa\u015f :p, 
  the young dude must be hungary !, 
  i never saw hungary depicted like the old guy ever . 
  see who won our elections . 
  is our own pis but only with a left-wing vibe . 
  tnr best roman , 
  i see our future here . 
  i do n't think about monarchy with hope . 
  i just said your statement is wrong . 
  nothing pedantic in what i 've said .
