  i think what he said is dumb , you think that what i said it 's dumb let 's call it a day . 
  as i said , i find it inappropriate . 
  whether you or anybody else think i 'm right or wrong it 's a matter of debate , but my opinion is my opinion and i think i 'm entitled to have it . 
  thank you !, 
  oh , but it 's quite safe . 
  i only had a broken knee until now  i just took my license last month , but i have `` a little '' experience off-road so riding on normal roads is like a charm . 
  yeah , well i ca n't . 
  at least not yet , hopefully never !, 
  i do n't try to judge anyone here , i just say i could n't do such thing . 
  it 's your opinion and your entitled to have it . 
  whether i find it appropriate or not it 's my opinion . 
  fair ? 
  so we better stay here and try to enjoy what life has to offer , hopefully more good than bad  i have to call her otherwise she 'll be very worried , especially since i 'm her only daughter and `` crazy enough to ride a dangerous motorcycle '' . 
  i did n't move yet , since i 'm too young but i try to have my share of little travels in the summer months . 
  she 's not pleased about that , of course , 
  i would n't do that for anything in the world !, 
  he could have been a little more emotional and could n't handle the breaking up . 
  i 've heard about things like that from both boys and girls and i never could understand them . 
  life is made to be lived cos it 's so damn short and from what i 'm aware , we only have one . 
  we should be thankful that we , more or less , live in a peaceful society and we see war , destruction , famine and things like that only on t.v. !, 
  breaking up from a boy ... good riddance , next in line please . 
  edit : thanks !, 
  i 'm not home and because of this thread i did a good thing for my soul , i called me mum , 
  i do n't know , maybe , but i still think it 's totally inappropriate . 
  my opinion . 
  i really ca n't understand people who find pleasure by mocking someone 's death , especially a child 's death !, 
  it 's unthinkable for me why anyone would commit suicide at 18 ( or any other age ) !, 
  incidentally i 'm 18 and i do n't even want to think about death , not to mention suicide : / on topic , a dead parent it 's the worst thing i can think right now since my mom has a heart condition and i do n't quite paid much attention to her when she tells me about it . 
  looks like , just as any human being , i 'm quite biased and turned this into something that affects me personally , sorry for that . 
  yes indeed , it 's very complicated just like anything in that part of the world ( balkans and central europe of 1919 looks like a fairytale in comparison ) not to mention the total lack of political experience and/or conscience for majority of people there plus the religious `` fervor '' but who are we to deny a state of their own for an entire population of few millions ? 
  yes , politically would be another mess , morally ... 
  i do n't know . 
  heart failure at 14 and no problems before . 
  makes you think about your own way of life and what we 'll leave behind us if ... jesus !, 
  yes , isis is seen as `` the bad guys '' by anyone here . . 
  i think . 
  about pkk , to be honest , i did n't heard anything . 
  my opinion is that we will be supportive toward turkey , not that they 'll care about our support too much anyway , as long as they wo n't go full genocidal against kurds ( which could happen with an idiot like their putin 2.0 in power - hardly , but possible ) . 
  still , i think kurds deserve a state of their own . . in northern iraq or syria somewhere , since they fought enough for it . 
  my opinion , of course . 
  oh my goodness !, 
  that 's horrible , i do n't even want to imagine how much pain the poor man feels now . 
  condolences !, 
  though i believe a pkk established state it 's better than isis ... any kind of state ( organization . . whatever ) it 's better than those fk.rs . 
  but that 's just my biased opinion . 
  i did but i do n't quite follow , sorry  can you develop , why some sort of kurdish state would be bad for today 's romanian politics ? 
  so you say that we gon na have some internal political struggle if a kurdish state will emerge from this mess ? 
  thanks , 
  how so ? 
  kurdish with a gagauz flair ? 
  moldova should use this line as its new anthem . 
  yup , looks like i do n't live in it ... gim me a break hahahahahaha ;d, 
  vienna or prague . 
  keep it in the middle . 
  with putin as mc . 
  what language is officially adopted by all the balkans ? 
  does romance lingos have any place in the balkans ? 
  what the fuck is balkans ? 
  i think anyone between russia and germany is eastern europe and i kinda despise central europenists !, 
  my two euro cents ; ^ ), 
  even hungary is a part of it , in my opinion of course !, 
  give me one reason why we 're not part of it , as magyar speaking people ? 
  edit : we complain about the late borders , we love to argue , quality fight ( i mean you ca n't just say that is it ... ) , lot 's of things showing up from the boots and all those fences made of wood ... 
  of course it 's not , we both are ( fortunately ) slow people :d but thanks god nobody killed anyone from the other side in the last 20 years . 
  unfortunately we kinda like eachother only when roma people are involved , using fire is definitely barbaric by the way / ^ s, 
  i 've talked about balkans . 
  i think you did not understand my gist . 
  anyhow , it 's not a happy day . 
  maybe counties . 
  having a very different view about the world does n't mean we 're born in a different country , it just mean we have a different view about one thing . 
  2014 and thinking about how much of a `` sc\u00e2rbe de bozgori \u00eemputiti '' `` vorbiti dracului romaneste '' `` analilor sunteti tarani mizerabili fututi in cur , analilor ... da-i dracu ca unu nu stie romaneste ( \u2122 from one of my teacher ) '' , `` you obviously are worse than hungarians '' \u2122 from my romanian language teacher :d yeah right . 
  that 's in the european union . 
  edit : thanks god for our magyar and mathematics teacher , a very nice ... romanian guy !, 
  must be a different world , cos we definitely do n't see such things on cnn , 
  we definitely are . . 
  in the mainstream of russian people minds . 
  what could possibly motivate this shameful display ? 
  it 's just us . 
  okay , definitely i 'm not the one to explain why/what things ... 
  i 'm hungarian , i live in romania , i can even dance on `` we are romanians lets kill some invaders '' songs ( never heard killing anything-but you get my gist ) . 
  us , not u.s. , but us and we love it !, 
  we 're like a little russia , without a common dictator . 
  where 's the slavic brotherhood and hospitality ?!? 
  we probably must learn how to use a shotgun , parasites must be exterminated !, 
  ( i really hope my mom wo n't get a `` little visit '' from some anti-terrorist service cuz i wrote this from her phone :d ) imagine how much those stolen money could have meant for our countries and how we could 've been today without all the ... rape we 've endured unconsciously !, 
  all of us eastern europeans . 
  that 's far from funny , it 's outrageous !, 
  so , i have 14.400 $ per year and i managed to save ten times plus after spendings ?!, 
  at least our own politicians shut the fuck up about those things ... siberia for him !!, 
  that 's what lack of `` dna '' makes from normal people , 
  thrifty alright but still ... she ca n't tenfold increase his earnings only cuz she did n't spend anything . 
  people buy his lie ? 
  my oh my ... that 's slovakian flair not russian : ^ d slovakia 's currency is euro not rubbles . 
  that 's obviously yugoslavia , you ignorant you . 
  i 've seen kilograms ( rom : kilograme ) written as chilograme in a very old romanian almanac . 
  c'mon now , those are just random stripes . 
  otherwise they 'll have a little fence under the red ... , 
  what a pleb !, 
  he took a loan , in 15 years he 'll pay it ... gee :d, 
  yeah right ...
