  what 's that ? 
  i did n't send anything there , so i have nothing to `` take back '' . 
  they kinda rule over us , you know , so we can ask them how them fortunes were made too  hmm : ^ ), 
  what 's really unfortunate is that , many of those have no idea that the real winter did n't even come in europe . 
  minus 14 , try some minus 25 in the balkans ... no sun , well we had enough until today . 
  now we have rain . 
  c'mon , i really need something more about those , they really complain more than our gypsies !, 
  really !, 
  that 's where you 're in guys , complain less and try some integration  with those beards ... hipsters !, 
  yes , 
  lot 's of * former * all round eu and the intelligence services know c. . p about them , unfortunately :( but i get you . 
  it would be something to be able to ask someone who was there , why the heck he did that !, 
  why ? 
  because i like it !, 
  and i like his craziness , i 'd marry him for a night or two , 
  everything spanish must be mexican these days , to be suitable to our u.s. friends world view : ^ ), 
  strange !, 
  late edit : i would n't mind if that person would 've been allowed to answer my question . 
  he 'll get some serious attention by a third party also , 
  yes , yes , yes !!!, 
  the part with euro fighters for kurds would be quite a thrilling moment since turkish redditors will have a word with them !, 
  do it !, 
  wilders suits you ? 
  happy new year !, 
  bashar al-assad , not european . . but he better move his butt over here and explain some things to us !, 
  in a more serious note , somebody from angela merkel 's staff , someone who knows what they talking about . 
  or a polish pis mp who can say to us , the plebs , what the hell is going on there . 
  that 's it , for the moment . 
  i wonder why he 's not kidnapped , or something ? 
  it 's a shame he 's still free . 
  but i 'm more concerned about mark\u00f3 attila 's , and other magyar politicians with dna on their tails , shamming us ( us , as in hungarians from romania , not the romanian state ... hmm if i think about it more . . ) and running to hungary kind of things for now . 
  yes , we do n't live in \u021aepes 's times anymore . 
  woah !!!, 
  i 'm quite impressed by my country 's bad press around the world and around our neighborhood even hahaha :d, 
  i 'm very relaxed , not quite . 
  . . what will happen ?!, 
  then you , we should be more understandable with your ee cousins ... really now , germany is what keep us all together , let 's not play games here !, 
  and if you fkup we all feel your `` mistakes '' !, 
  germany keep us united !, 
  that 's why we are , some of us , quite disappointed . 
  if you want to be a boss , think about your subjects happiness first . 
  well , my thoughts were for the '90s . 
  imagine yugoslavia today !, 
  put `` lass '' there , thanks !, 
  i 'll put misogynists , in my belgium map , just beside pedos  / s, 
  i can see no reason , except nationalisms and economic blindness . 
  not sure though , 
  we thought you were for some kind of united europe , unfortunately you are for profit and that 's not what i dream for !, 
  yes , like an old pedo with a little child !, 
  lolol edit : sorry for my late answer !, 
  and you 're still more homogeneous than romania . 
  like they care . 
  they need gas and they 'll get it . 
  looks like our `` economic boss '' is not what we think it is . 
  orly !, 
  i almost end up in north america somewhere ... 
  i very much recognize that my own stupidity played a big role in . . this nightmare !, 
  please do n't ask : /, 
  what if yugoslavia will be `` alive '' today ? 
  if they 'd be like they were before the '90s , they 'll very much be the more successful story in cee . 
  my humble opinion , not a very knowledgeable one , i reckon !, 
  it is , you papist !, 
  take whats serious ?!, 
  i 'm dumb enough to know quite nothing about your country , so when someone said that men do something i said cool , you instead said it 's not true and now you ... say , what ?!, 
  it 's confusing , really !, 
  i love it , but it 's still strange . 
  so , how many casualties ? 
  / s romanian army - hungarian army !, 
  a very happy bunch  ^ ^ it ^ ^ was ^ ^ a ^ ^ joke, 
  newest eastern europe ( made in sweden ) , where the russian booth put its mark its russia 's clay . 
  that 's for real ? 
  then it was something else , if even you ca n't believe it was a joke lol, 
  smart ass :p, 
  must be the new pope fault !, 
  what 's wrong with you , where 's the inquisition ?!, 
  i did n't said i do that , not to mention that it would be quite strange to end up pregnant if i would be a `` bro '' !, 
  lol, 
  hands around shoulders is accepted here too , when too much strong stuff it 's involved : /, 
  i 'm sorry , i should n't said such horrible thing ... 
  burn this guy !!!, 
  on a big pile of wood , not in a cage !!!!!!, 
  too bad , i think it 's sweet !, 
  chinese and pakistani one looks very strange lololol , 
  who 's that ?!, 
  zgonea look happy though , i 'm glad for him :p, 
  down with those statues , paint for the walls ... . 
  someone cut this guy 's head by the way !, 
  did n't knew that . 
  thanks !, 
  they do that there ? 
  cool !, 
  `` me playing volleyball in ... 
  that 's something to be sent to your grandparents as a christmas card . 
  in a very orderly manner , not like idols worshipers / s : ^ ), 
  papist !!!, 
  counting heads !, 
  i was there , ten thousands maybe !, 
  nay , she 's his uncle !, 
  somehow :0, 
  with aromanians they were + albanians are into ( eta ) mostly .
