  edit : i wo n't ~ ~ eat ~ ~ read that article . . 
  i still want to enjoy my meal !, 
  your father is scared of mice haha :p i kill them on the spot since i was 10 or 11 and drowned my first mice . . 
  i just hate them !, 
  rats on the other hand i ca n't survive if i see one . 
  edit : now i see the cat ** awwwwwwww **, 
  like always this guy knows what he 's talking about , 
  got two dogs . . still miss my cat : / edit : not that the little doggies are n't sweet . . but a cat is a cat , 
  south asia is more like india . 
  i doubt indians or pakistanis bangladeshi eat cats . 
  good !, 
  dunno if it 's a thing around here but if it is . . it should be banned !, 
  sexuality is a person 's own business and if it makes you happy go for it . . as long as you let kids and animals out of it !, 
  well , it was expected since he was old . 
  poor soul : '' (, 
  well , a little more than one year ago they had the pm and the anticorruption system worked regardless . 
  unfortunately i think they have a new leader who could try a kaczynsky ( sp * ) on us . 
  and with small steps and using corruption you can make everyone look bad . . dna included . 
  i 'm in the 55 % without a cat . 
  my cat died of old age more than 1 year ago . . : '' ( ( ( he was only 4 years younger than me . 
  i found him on the steps of our house , his lower half was stiffened * like a wood but still alive , he died after 4-5 mins after i found him . 
  i buried that cat with my own hands ( do n't even dare to say something about what the cat buries . . !!! ) . 
  i miss my fluffy !, 
  * stiffened : is that correct ? 
  more like pussyia :p, 
  what the ... ?!? 
  it 's bigger than both my dogs combined and a bag of potatos !, 
  i wonder how many monkeys we have per capita ?!, 
  executive ones we have more than enough all over european govs unfortunately , 
  at 4:30 a.m. ?!, 
  my last cat would not even move until 11 a.m. hahaha, 
  boooo !!!, 
  nah , it will be us since we have elections sunday and the most corrupted party lead the polls . 
  wow this is a great work and a great map !, 
  looks like i 'm in a sunny area . . not too much sun right now though , but that 's because of the damn clouds  10/10 saved !, 
  nope , you 're 400 to 500 % balkan . 
  awww . . 
  thank you \u2661 \u2661 \u2661 edit : but there are a few women around here , dunno how young though . 
  she knows women ca n't have them hahahaha, 
  some men have it here indeed . 
  for me it 's not exactly possible . . fortunately hahaha :d, 
  i wo n't apply for it since i do n't need it . 
  not to mention that i think it 's a little unfair for those who live in hungary . 
  why do you think i 'm on reddit ? 
  ohhh ... really ? 
  must be in the genes : ^ d, 
  she 's german . . so yeah :d, 
  yeah . . 
  i do n't feel this at all . 
  maybe including western balkans would make your border safer . 
  i 'm hungarian in fact and we are 200 % balkan !, 
  this person knows how to eat properly !, 
  okay, 
  she 's very pleased now ... mustache only for her !, 
  he is what ? 
  a dick maybe !, 
  so ... another dickhead !, 
  grandma will be pleased : '' (, 
  and that 's quite bad . 
  stupid as he is he 's still a , more or less , normal politician . 
  god knows what we gon na get now , you and us !, 
  that 's a balkan thing . . and since we ai n't in the balkans ( most balkan thing to say ) l. . . have no idea !, 
  macedonia is the best balkan country . . except that name !, 
  use another name until you 're here !, 
  sssss gib money sssssss, 
  and your press is a whore . . incredible , 
  no debts here . . gib money, 
  it was a joke paenzer , 
  you forgot about cyprus . . everyone forget cyprus hehehe, 
  hungary accepted romania , so it will croatia with serbia . 
  this !!, 
  you have them anyway since they need no visa . 
  balkan migrants is the last of your problem right now . 
  the anti-corruption agency was a requirement not only for romania . . it just work how it should here . 
  you got enough acid comrade . 
  you did n't use it all on your imperial family * integration/dilution * i hope !, 
  in combo with the username it 's quite strange . 
  looks like an obsession . 
  do n't worry , i know you 're blondes !, 
  c'mon girl , it 's not like i was serious : ^ ), 
  yeah but he/she is latvian . 
  strange comment though , 
  not all communist states were in ussr . 
  does trump has good hair days ?!, 
  til, 
  diluted with acid tovarish ? 
  be happy comrades or else . . 
  it was . . * dra * worse will come after 11 : '' (, 
  dacian . . okay you 're good then !, 
  who said it then ????? 
  oh god . . 
  i 'm not !!!, 
  for a girl ?!? . . 
  yeah , if i think better . . but it 's still rude to say it !, 
  smartass  `` nu-i vina mea c\u0103 ai buletinul mai vechi '' . . you could say too . 
  you said * kind * * of * so i assumed you 're 9 . . 
  i could n't imagine you 're 4 , no ? 
  i 'm so old !!!, 
  call him baci sau b\u00e1csi : ^ p, 
  i know you did ,
