  thanks reddit and thank you / u/levonid !, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not strong enough :d, 
  i never heard about her until now ... 
  i love her :p, 
  ahahahahaha okay . . now that 's fetish and i need water to stop laughing ... fuck you !!!! . 
  edit : i 'm sorry for my bad words !, 
  they kicked some arse back in the day too . 
  downvoting me is not cool . 
  so i need to wear my unwashed hair in front of my fellow students ?!, 
  damn spaniards ! ^ ^ / s, 
  but what if it 's snowing/raining ? 
  we need to cover our heads too , you know !, 
  not to mention if i have flu ... 
  maybe because they * have * * a * * war * * on * * their * * own * * land * cause them some bias and unwillingness mr. fico !, 
  did you think about it ? 
  edit : downvotes without replying is cowardice !, 
  everything involving poland and history is controversial . 
  off topic : since when we are in the same region with bihor and s\u0103laj ? 
  why you 're so salty ? 
  this topic gon na be fun !, 
  popcorn in the microwave ... ca n't wait !, 
  : ^ ) edit : be, 
  and british media makes our life painful with their crappy clickbait titles !, 
  i 'll use a jackie kennedy/eastern european type of cover and big sunglasses and tell them i 'm a rebel ! ^ ^ ^ / s : ^ ), 
  bloooood ?!, 
  give it to me !!!, 
  i see . 
  it does n't look very good . 
  as a minority myself i do n't exactly like the rise of all these nationalist movements in europe . 
  i do n't exactly understand you . 
  i know . 
  i was just mocking you a little . . ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^  and that could be a problem too , since an immigrant could end up living better than some natives , especially in eastern europe and that could create tensions unfortunately . 
  do n't worry !, 
  it 's not like you called me a wh . . e or something , 
  that 's so sad !, 
  absolutely !, 
  virgin mary is the most polish saint ever !, 
  i ca n't exactly disagree with you here . 
  i 'm a woman myself . 
  yeah , the quota system was n't exactly our cup of tea either . . that 's why we voted against it ( poland voted for it by the way :p ) . 
  it ca n't be implemented like that . 
  i mean you ca n't pay romanian benefits to an immigrant in sweden ... he 'll starve . 
  you 're not exactly wrong in what you said either , you just have a grim perspective about the future and i 'm more optimistic . 
   most patriotards are like that . 
  i mean it 's okay to love your country and things like that . . but at least learn about what you , supposedly , love for god sake !, 
  same like here . 
  but you do n't hear us complaining about a non-issue since they wo n't stay here or in your country long enough to * destroy * the culture and form ghettos anyway . 
   paid by saudi . . well , that 's your problem . 
  you have a. . how to say it . . dislike of turks and anything turkish , quite understandable since your history with them was n't exactly fun ( and because of your geographical position i guess ) and instead accepting their money and support for the muslim community your country accepted saudi ones . 
  big mistake imo . 
  but i 'm not from there so i may be very wrong . 
  we here have mostly tatars , hell even the grand mufti looks like he 's straight from kazakhstan hahahaha and we never had problems with them whatsoever . 
  i guess i 'm lucky to be born here , despite the reputation of my country we 're quite chill here lol :d, 
  ww2 symbols ?!, 
  like . . nazi symbols ? 
  if so then they 're complete idiots since poland suffered alot back then . 
  oh i know about korvin ... it struck me his name because we had a king with the same name in the middle-ages . 
  a hungarian king . 
  i 've heard about the prof. was here on / r/europe some time ago . 
  it 's very strange for me since all the polish ppl i know irl are extremely kind . 
  hahahahaha you 're cool i 'm eating one right now and i feel so guilty : /, 
  shhhhhhhhhh ... . . 
  haha good night mate !, 
  where ? 
  in eastern poland ?!, 
  we 're quite okay here . 
  none !, 
  oa\u015e part !, 
  i 'm magyar and i want to be part of it . 
  free . . as long as my mom gon na cook them, 
  i 'm hopeless here . 
  i do n't quite understand what moldavia has to do with what i 've said and i 'm not exactly fooled by germany ... since i do n't read german newspapers/sites becausr of my lack of german language skills ukrainians in poland are n't refugees and you know it . 
  not to mention that this has nothing to do with my perv comment . 
  my example proved nothing . 
  did you ever heard about a terrorist from here ? 
  or burkas in romania ?!? 
  if you 're undesirable they 'll * spit * you out so fast that ... your kids gon na end up in foster homes . 
  most ppl here never encountered xenophobia and they still belive that 's a thing far far away in a galaxy far away from their home . 
  until their ass is as stake most people are ignorant and do n't care my friend . 
  we have something like 80.000 historical ones in dobruja . 
  and imo more than 90.000 recent ones . 
  recent as in after 1990 ones . 
  if you think that such a small amount of people gon na turn your poland into some sort of pakistan you 're insane my friend !, 
  no offence !, 
  off-topic : what 's with this `` muslims want to change our culture '' from polish internet users ?!, 
  is this even a problem there ? 
  from what i know poland is n't exactly a muslim hub in eu . 
  not even bulgaria , which is like 10 % muslim does n't complain so much about that !, 
  do n't worry , we wo n't be alive when this will be a thing . 
  here , at least . 
  that 's a big commune or a town . 
  i like them , 
  try to use a b ( bucharest ) plate anywhere near where i live and see what 's happening :p or a ph plate in db county , from what i 've seen they hate eachother 's guys !, 
  :d the police at least haha . . 
  do n't be sad , here ... have a cake ^ ^ ^ day !, 
  happy cake day : ^ ), 
  never !, 
  he 's kinda turkish himself anyways ^ ^ / s , 
  do n't worry , you 're not mean  i live far from bucharest in a rural area . 
  what you say is true and i guess it 's the same here ... in , more or less , normal neighbourhoods .
