  or you 're more german than i thought ? 
  then you should tell them !, 
  oh , look at my `` emoticons '' . 
  nvm , you would n't be able to understand our humor anyway  glad to have you here , sir !, 
  i still hope your trump gon na lose though . 
  you called those . . 
  genocides ?? 
  average american ( my age , that is ) would say `` amster . . what '' :d edit : downvotes wo n't change the fact . 
  i really thought americans are more into humour . . not so much !, 
  i was , my dad was absolutely `` thrilled '' when i was almost killed by a wild hog he shot and my brothers . . well , they 're idiots anyway !, 
  our armed forces is shit , compared to us and uk but we still put ourselves on the ground for your ( us ) crap !, 
  both of my brothers were in afghanistan and my mum was n't exactly glad for it . 
  do that !, 
  i do n't want to be forced to learn russian in the future . 
  oh and be more open minded when it 's about jokes , 
  not exactly russian kind of communism . . eh ? 
  they have to , all of them work for the state . 
  no no no , we are eastern european , not westerners !, 
  our commitment to you was paid in blood in iraq and afghanistan and a guy like trump ( buddy buddy with putin ) is n't exactly what we dig !, 
  prague should be europe 's capital , not brussels . . see bombs then !, 
  let me hold some hope for the future : /, 
  and you should learn ( looks like you did now ) that europe is not only we !, 
  helping ourselves , we just lost two men in afghanistan yesterday . . 
  i 'm not angry :d, 
  my grandpa ( as in the father of my actual grandfather ) does n't like people , he loves me though :d i think having a hunting rifle is n't exactly bad , if you live in the countryside , but in the city ... yeah i think only police officers should have weapons !, 
  wrong number , please call eesti !, 
  my friend , i understand what you meant , 
  . . and to let those insignificant eastern europeans loose !, 
  we , have to coexist with his insanity . . not you !, 
  we live here , beside his crap , you just look at a map and say `` whateva '' !, 
  yeah right , i 'm worse in english than in romanian for god sake lolol i do n't like guns on the streets , that 's all . 
  i know how much some people want it , like my grandpa , but i do n't . 
  it 's just a different opinion than yours . 
  your guy is way too much into putin to be exactly liked here . 
  and your wording was exactly what i expected from an american :d, 
  does your polish - ( or any kind of eastern european ) - american acquaintance know how much he `` love '' their kin in europe ? 
  i know . 
  surprised ? 
  taking . 
  ( i 'm not exactly the best english writer but . . ) i do n't like having idiots with guns around me . 
  i 've learned about ak47 on reddit for god sake , even if i have two soldiers in my family , and that 's cos we do n't have it on the streets . 
  it 's only a joke , 
  oh , i can slice your throat with it :p i just do n't like having armed neighbors , or less armed control in my country . 
  i say it as a hunter daughter and sisters , a woman who knows how to handle a pistol or a hunting rifle . 
  your european allies are n't only western europe !, 
  again , europe is more than france ( germany , uk , italy . . ) mate !, 
  on the last statement , i know and i did n't quite care ;p, 
  i rather work with mohammed the prophet of islam and his seven dwarfs than with putin and russia !, 
  geography can change people 's minds  le : downvotes wo n't change anything here !, 
  try chicago . 
  they might not identify as `` diaspora '' but only as poles and americans . 
  oh , that guy !, 
  now i get it : ^ p, 
  putin ? 
  gim me a break , a guy i know ( from nyc ) was absolutely sure rembrandt is from england . . :d, 
  does the polish diaspora ( conservative , if any ) in the us know how much wilders love their kin in the old world ? 
  wow !, 
  that 's a lot !, 
  now i can understand that call for help and i kinda think we should help . 
  but only if you ( germany ) gon na make this migration stop somehow . 
  this !, 
  i 'll be almost in my fifty , fuck that !, 
  albanien ? 
  uae is uninhabitable too , but money can buy `` habitats '' and more . 
  if they ( they as in rulers of these countries ) will put a little more effort into their countries development their people would n't even think about migration ( at least not in this number ) . 
  turkey will not crumble , as poor and idiotic balkans may look like for you we better have turkey in the neighborhood than isis or syria . 
  do n't underestimate balkan countries when it 's about war and atrocities against islamic extremism : / ( unfortunately , they kinda confuse muslims with extremists ) :(, 
  i do n't like that !, 
  my dad and my brothers will cheer this though : / disclaimer : i lived all my life around hunting rifles , we have four in the house i live in and i still hate them !, 
  a knife is cleaner , 
  great summary for the lazy me , thanks !, 
  even if my opinion must be totally the opposite of yours when it 's about guns ( you being a swiss and . . ) . 
  in the winter months , yes !, 
  with botswanans , namibians or south africans . 
  ca n't wait to come back and see my village after that  edit : oh , you 're english , winter is a little more rain than usual for you . 
  i put all the money i do n't have on the second hypothesis ( not sure if it 's the best word here , but i love greek words anyway lol ) . 
  it 's not exactly necessarily to downvote me if you think i was wrong !, 
  yes , you 're right . 
  it 's horrible , 17 degrees and the rain is colder than ice !, 
  oh , i live in the hillside more or less . 
  do n't be so `` norwegian '' when it 's about weather , not everything south of you is sahara : ^ \u00fe, 
  i think war and insecurity brings economic crisis and economic migrants , look at ukraine . 
  rise of extremism has nothing to do with dire economic situation , imo . 
  i think media and internet is at `` fault '' . 
  if i really really want to be a guru/priest whatever for a cult which pray my panties these days , i 'll surely gon na have some followers !, 
  what kind of economic hardship abdeslam had ? 
  or the egyptian guy who lead the 9/11 ? 
  well , then why were n't any afghanis , yemenis , iraqis or syrians arrested ? 
  i do n't think you 're right ( even if you very much could be , since you 're more knowledgeable about the situation ) , must be something else . 
  could be they are iranians who lived in the west ( iran usually kinda force its citizenship on everyone born there and their children ) ? 
  to be completely honest , i 'd wish to migrate to someplace sunny and just a little hotter than here . . these days . 
  it 's fkin may and we still use central heating , not to mention the rain ... : ' o, 
  nah , put the action in syria with him as the destroyer of isis ... wait , that 'll be sylvester stallone , gee i 'm so stupid . 
  go on nvm :p, 
  a car did n't stop when asked by police , the driver jeopardized police officers life when did that . . 
  i 'm amazed nobody 's dead to be honest !, 
  nothing out of the ordinary , but since the injured one is a `` refugee '' and that 's happened on hungary/slovakia border ( read as barbarians from eastern europe , v4 the worse etc etc ) must be something worthy for a sensationalist title for british press . 
  you were wrong , but that 's not what is important here , if instead a migrant the victim would 've been a drug trafficker you would n't have bat an eyelid . 
  am i wrong ? 
  lot 's of me na people would probably have a better life in their own countries than in europe , only if it would n't be those idiotic wars .
