  that 's why we go down the drain , because people like you lost their hopes !, 
  we can do something . . unfortunately you do n't want to help us . . * slap * * slap * wake up edit : ohh iliescu vs. vadim-tudor ? 
  really !? 
  how ? 
  must be very bad down there in the south then . 
  / u/kteof meant something else . 
  it 's a eastern european thing , you ca n't understand it lololol, 
  you 're not more cynical than me , i should vote for udmr since i am what i am , but i rather vote for something honest ( on a first look at least ) not for the same s #it i lived with all my childhood * . 
  * i 'm 19 , it 's the first time for me . . except the `` your father is my fried '' type of shat local elections we had . 
  no worries , my bad english is at fault . 
  she did n't do much , younger prosecutors did most of the job !, 
  she 's just a symbol !, 
  pnl is almost like psd , they were corrupt before the infamous blending with pdl ( zugravii \u021b\u0103rii - p\u00e2n\u0103 \u015fi bisericile sunt vopsite portocaliu ) and they 're definitely corrupt now too . 
  at a country level elections i wo n't vote for them , i rather stay home . 
  of course he won , just like our own udmr one : / you see , maybe legislative elections will be different . 
  i 'll vote usr if they 'll bother to have some candidates in satu mare . 
  otherwise i 'll go with pnl but i do n't like them at all . 
  i think they did stand him , it 's not like he 's ugly or something ( even at his age - he 's older than my dad ) . 
  he , most likely , sent them away . . 
  it 's a middle age problem i 've heard . 
  do n't be so sure , local elections are mostly about personal choices ( i choose the alde one only because he 's normal in the head and i 'm sick of udmr one ) and relations ... at least in here in the rural world . 
  k\u00f6vesi is n't a political figure . 
  she 's just a civil servant . 
  his many wives i guess hehehehehe, 
  pig nose and ears will be more fitting !, 
  they deserve nothing but despise anyways . 
  t\u0103riceanu , i really ** really ** hate that guy !, 
  little forests for all of us , 
  send me one , black \u2668, 
  hmmmm ... be more careful next time ; ^ ), 
  ooookay . . now , where in the name of the lord i even implied anything close to that ?!?!? 
  so damn sad !, 
  * soldiers * * of * * islam * who kill children and 85yo priests ... what 's wrong with this crappy world ?? 
  you 're definitely not from eastern europe hahaha, 
  true !, 
  but look at map from the cold war times and see how big was ussr and how tiny gdr and romania were . 
  not to mention that kgb had other things in their mind . . winning the cold war and stuff anyway , from what i know , the after war period up until the early '60s was way worse than ceau\u0219escu 's times . 
  it could be very much so ( though i doubt kgb was n't worse than both stasi and securitate combined ) , fortunately i was born in '97 and all i know about those times is from my family members who experienced those horrible years and from the little i 've read about it . 
  hey do n't worry , most of us know that . 
  i guess more mods would solve the problem , like some should be able to only delete comments . . or something like that . 
  oh and i know most of you are good guys . 
  when i was banned i was so kindly banned that i even said thank you, 
  ceau\u0219escu 's securitate ( secret police ) was bad of course , but i do n't think it was as bad as stasi or kgb . 
  i guess is only romania 's bad rep , back then and now , who makes other people think that things were/are extremely different here than in the neighbouring countries . 
  my opinion though , based on what i 've been told and what i see with my own eyes . 
  so take it as it is , a personal opinion and nothing more , 
  absolutely . 
  . . anyone with a pinch of melanin and an accent beated to death / s edit : beated not beater !, 
  i 'm such an idiot . 
  why do you think that ? 
  i mean , why romania would be the last place ? 
  honest question \u263a, 
  no offense intended , but is n't it quite lazy and unfair to do that ? 
  lots of titles are crap and have almost nothing to do with the content of the article anyway . 
  have an upvote though , for sincerity \u263a, 
  thank you !, 
  have one from me too, 
  snatch !, 
  that 's where my gramma took all her knowledge about irish people ( i might be at fault about that too , since i 've said to her that those guys are irish and pikies aka gypsies . . so she took it as i - wrongly - explained it . 
  irish = gypsies lol ) . 
  not to mention that my boyfriend ( he 's irish ) is a little darker than you 'll expect hahahaha, 
  i wish . 
  unfortunately i do n't know how to do that and i still recovering from a knee operation, 
  we laugh but . . 
  absolutely not german !, 
  look again, 
  kinda late mate ... 
  erdomegency !!, 
  hopefully you 'll be alive !, 
  if you can , you should change things there . 
  if you can !, 
  leaving is cowardly . 
  and healthy . 
  he looks so nice as a journalist . 
  let 's put that black thingy isis-fashion-house on him and see how `` he '' look like . 
  it 's a joke !, 
  americans ca n't cope it . 
  `` theworldcrime ... league '' you live in bundoran ?!, 
  lol, 
  go away ` league, 
  i was joking . 
  at least i hope we wo n't chew crap from now on . 
  we as in my country . 
  it 's horrible !, 
  my mobile in romania is better than this . 
  no need to downvote my op , btw . 
  yes . 
  you 're right , i tried to be nice . 
  haha why ? 
  `` nothing is logical '' . . oh these kids . 
  i did and i think your president is an idiot . 
  and my gramma think irish people are like gypsies . 
  do we need to pay attention to our love one 's idiocyes or move on ? 
  i 'm in bundoran by the way  bad internet !!!!!!!!, 
  `` i want to see his bald dick-like head put in a fence spike in syria . '', 
  that 's a poor taste joke since nobody gon na listen to what i said . 
  damn idiot !, 
  '' . . can not be a museum '' yup , it ca n't be a museum of corruption and indifference !, 
  people move forward , like it or not . 
  turkey is nothing like a `` banana republic '' america is used with .
