  did n't i said that we here love us ? 
  i thought i said it many times ( kinda ) in this thread !, 
  russian gov is what we do n't like !, 
  iran is something so far away for us , culturally and social-wise , that we do n't really think about it . 
  i think iran is way worse than us and most of russia . 
  i guess you know russia has some sharia law implemented in some of it 's republics . 
  what i say is we do n't even take into consideration iran when we think about peace or security of the world . 
  for us is russia and u.s.a. and for some distant future china . 
  iran is just a country in the the middle east for those who know about its existence here . 
  edit : worse as in way of life from my point of view . 
  not as a threat for peace . 
  say what mate ?!, 
  for us here russia and the nutter they have in charge is the most dangerous thing . 
  and us is our best friend , military wise , until our own eu will wake the hell up !, 
  i 'm a woman myself . 
  edit : i guess my english could made you think that . 
  if so i 'm sorry ... if not you need some sleep . 
  here threat , peace and iran is n't in anyone 's mind . 
  it never was . 
  and just like those countries from asia and africa do n't think about russia as a threat neither we ever thought about iran as a threat . 
  not even i find iran a threat for the world peace . 
  trump , putin and our own european effe 'd in the head far right politicians are !, 
  i doubt people even thought about that missile shield back then or even now . 
  we only think about it when russia remind us about it . 
  this !!, 
  impossible to be real for romania !, 
  nobody here even think about iran and i doubt someone would think about it as a threat . 
  most of us do n't even know where iran is and confuse it with iraq . 
  russia on the other hand ... edit : i do n't talk only about a threat for this country but really nobody here can or could even in 2013 think about iran as a threat for the world peace . 
  i hope so !, 
  but realistically speaking since we are n't france the impact of an invasion here it would n't be tremendous in us . 
  anyway let 's hope for the better . 
  okay . 
  try to have a hot tea and have some sleep . 
   your goddamn kin aswell not cool . 
  le : thanx for dw . 
  i 'll remember that , 
  in fact it came from turkic/turkish * deliorman * which i think it means * mad * * forest * ( i may be wrong though ) . 
  all that area of southern wallachia was a huge forest up until less than 200 years ago and i guess your ancestors thought that forest is a little mad/crazy lol , 
  eff ya too !, 
  damn papist, 
  in fact i 'm calvinist and magyar . 
  i live in romania though . 
  oh yeah , you should be burn on a stick . . / s, 
  i 've seen it on reddit . 
  :d church ?!, 
  catholic ? 
  it is what it is . 
  and our country never used broomsticks as weaponry since middle ages . . if they did . 
  it 's academia ; academic ; academics etc. . . not what you said . 
  of course , since we are a poor country we ca n't do what you do . 
  we do n't have your planes ... so what , we have more than that , we have soul and we remember around here . 
  thankfully for you we remember russia not germany !, 
  happy re-birth day neighbours !, 
  late but full of love haha , 
  you do n't pay nothing for our defence . 
  what a. . . ?!? 
  lololololol edit1 : you ** never ** did !, 
  edit2 : eu never did . 
  military budget is our own money . 
  do n't kid yourself my friend . 
  i wish that too !, 
  we always do anything you do ... unfortunately !, 
  : / e : we do that , regardless of anyone 's downvotes . 
  look at our government for god sake lol, 
  some of this were decriminalize here too some years ago and it was n't exactly smooth at all . 
  people start doing things they usually would n't do ... tl : dr they ban it again !, 
  e : okay none of those were decriminalized . 
  only ... 
  i do n't know , things like ... almost marijuana . 
  now the law is worse unfortunately . 
  and i did n't even was mature enough to smell that * s #it * !, 
  stop complaining and look at us ... we 're 10 years behind you : '' (, 
  after what your * mad * * dog * said i personally have some doubts . 
  e : what i said in this thread was n't meant to upset your coutrymen !, 
  it 's just what i as a person feel . 
  yes it will be . 
  they promote fake news about soros trying to rip out country apart lolol and alde president is the promoter of us to exit the eu ... an alde president ! ... 
  so they can steal more and travel with their diplomats passports !, 
  your answer is incredibly arrogant and stupid . 
  i wo n't answer you since i do n't talk to ... people like you . 
  i was n't expected that idiotic question from you ... 
  but the answer is no , as you already know it . 
  it 's about trust not about attacks !, 
  if our psd and alde would be kicked out from their eu parliament groups would be a start . 
  and stopping out funds would n't hurt either . 
  i know it 'll hurt lot 's of romanian redditors and citizens , my dad included ( not a redditor but a citizen ) but we need to change these idiots and send them to ... where they belong !, 
  yes that 's what i mean . 
  and eu would have lot 's of support here if they 'll dare to be more ballsy !, 
  we lost them for you . 
  we had no problems with afghanistan or iraq or muslim people . 
  one life is too much when it 's lost imo . 
  and we also have more than 100 crippled by the way . 
  how many you lost for us ? 
  no , we need support for our struggle to get out from this ugly smelling gutter . 
  because if you loose us or is a real war around here you 'll burn your euros to make some warm in your room my cousin . 
  and a little respect would n't harm either of us . 
  no it was n't . 
  but i talk about more than defence here . 
  unfortunately just like them politicians in brussels/strasbourg neither you understand what we need .
