  even romania has from this year 2 % invested in the military . 
  we just need to see beside our own little piece of garden and realize that without eachother support we 're nothing . 
  and since trump * et * we are kinda on our own . 
  of course . 
  it 's just a paper imo . 
  no statement or action . . no nothing . . from that group . 
  which is quite unfortunate since it could bring balkans closer to eu and normality . 
  i care more about us in eu and not about them and their politics !, 
  we need to be stronger than those crooked minds who make us hate eachother for nothing !, 
  no he does n't . . unfortunately !, 
  wow ... great news !, 
  it 's just a wikipedia away !, 
  thanks , i guess !, 
  they ... as in `` they '' ... yes i already see it coming and i 'm afraid we 'll be only victims here . 
  i hope so . 
  i do n't think romania is into any kind of group now , it never was !, 
  that 's why i love this country ... kinda !, 
   russia would love it but it will never see it !, 
  i live here and i know how people think . 
  all the tanks in the world wo n't make us love our grandmother 's rapist ever !!!!, 
  pro-russia and pro-eu is something completely antagonistic in my view . 
  you better start care about us who like eu too , cuz we may start levitating to other poles of power and you 'll end up alone . 
  my opinion of course . 
  honestly if your gov think the same about us ... you 'll definitely gon na lose us too . 
  romania is defo not v4 and our population is n't nationalistic at all . 
  but things will change if we are `` not so much '' in an instance !, 
  we need help , not to be disregarded !, 
  edit : i did n't mean you or your opinion lol , 
  that 's even worse . 
  i live in a village and i know how things work . 
  `` oh he 's the son of '' or `` he did that '' ... regardless of his big villa and dubai vacations and lot 's of family hired in town halls . 
  i feel sick only writing this !, 
  please do n't mention that name !, 
  genuine question !, 
  poland gov is not entire eastern europe . 
  we are here too and bulgaria , croatia are here too . 
  eastern eu is n't only v4 . 
  it 's a little stretcher to call transylvania balkans . 
  even if i consider it in the balkans and i also think hungary is a balkan country too ... for various reasons . 
  : ^ p that 's because every single person i know here has a psychopathic love for their piece of land !, 
  i kinda have it too for my room and bathroom lololol :d, 
  are you sure merkel would be better for a west vs. east improvement ? 
  east as in v4 i guess , no ? 
  i really hope you 're right !, 
  i really do !, 
  by the way , from a eu pov who would be better in your opinion ? 
  things are like that now but what about in a few years ? 
  politicians would jump in the faster train and if afd will be that train in the next four years ... especially in this post-truth era we live in and with some help from `` you know who '' , we are kinda effe 'd !, 
  and i 've read your posts too , otherwise i would 've not said what i said . 
  unfortunately a party like that in germany means much more than in romania or portugal . 
  germany is the one who keep us together , with france and italy on the second place imo ( a view from here , in another place it could be different ) . 
  they may be very bad or ... since they have no real power , very popular/populist ... and in four years we could end up with them in your gov. 
  god forbids !, 
  i really hope they are indeed declining !, 
  that user is a nice person . 
  he/she made a joke since he/she did n't knew my ethnicity , that 's all !, 
  i 'm only 47 killos , not that big . 
  but i guess you talk about age ... 
  i hope :d for your le , i do n't exactly care but i thought my remarks about your genitals make you angrier enough to downvote . 
  here , have two upvotes !, 
  as a magyar living in transylvania i think is easy for me to say that to all of those who live in another parts of romania or in hungary . 
   edit : i 'm not a winner or a looser btw . 
  more like one shade ... fury-red !, 
  hear me * pul\u0103 * * bleag\u0103 * i expressed my opinion in a very polite way ... otherwise i 'll be thrown out from here to gulag for the third time !, 
  : ^ d call me floricica again and i 'll cut that little crayon you have under your belt and give it to my dogs !, 
  this post is a pamphlet !, 
  it really is guys !!!, 
  edit : interesting , i upvote and play the ball but i 'm downvoted in return . 
  if it was n't in the same pan-european party with our psd i 'd probably rooting for schulz but now i 'm quite confused between him and merkel . 
  what 's quite concerning is that afd is the third most popular party and if these post-truth crap will last long enough i 'm afraid they could become more than that in few years . 
   abomination ( 0 . o ) ? 
  i 'm sick of this s #it !, 
  `` we wuz first ... no we wuz first '' , `` we wuz more ... no we wuz more '' , `` according to this we ... no according to that we '' ... !, 
  shut the f up already all of you !!!!!!, 
  edit : not you of course lol , 
  that 's now . 
  let 's see in four years of rtv and a3 propaganda how they 'll think and vote . 
  nah , you 're okay , 
  call him a * dick * !, 
  well , looks like they 're more into pensioners now . 
  oh . . may be . 
  yes !, 
  and our politicians who live in their little bubble think about ... how to steal more !, 
  their plastic daughter ( tutuianu 's daughter ) call us jungle animals and sheeps ( and invoking some vomiting in it 's words ... since she 's plastic and stupid she 's an it for me ) on facebook while working for our foreign ministry ... and making pics on facebook while talking romanian worse than me it 's her/it greatest work !, 
  stupid bitch !, 
  and it is !, 
  it 's just a statement of a puppet !, 
  we need a `` monitorul oficial '' written word and another emergency ordinance which will nullify the last one ... article by article !, 
  they just wanted to make us happy , that 's all !, 
  it 's kinda same here . . but i rather keep them alive cuz i do n't want my grandparents or my grand-grandma to die !, 
  neither i want that for my parents !, 
  they can change their minds too . 
  all my family voted blue insted green here ( usr not udmr ) . 
  i know how is in spain . 
  my cousin has a baby half spaniard/galician  e : what did i said offensive ?!, 
  oh well , i 'm used to it haha, 
  and ... why it was removed then ?!, 
  romanian politicians or ... ? 
  they just make a statement . 
  nothing to be proud about !,
