  which erdgoan doesnt allow in turkey . 
  watching euros discuss our papers is infuriating . 
  we all know their bias ' they arent trying to be objective . 
  its our tv and radio news that has to be objective . 
  the fact this got any upvotes is hilarious/depressing . 
  you know most of these are saying vote against the governments position ? 
  that tweet got nine likes . 
  random tweets are now speaking for entire groups lol, 
   i recall this incident . 
  there 's simply a shortage of maltese translators willing to work in brussels , despite incentives to do so . 
  not sure what the eu could reasonably do short of press ganging maltese interpreters . 
  hmmm ... 
  this is obviously a tricky situation . 
  what could they do to attract more people ... 
  im split on neopaganism . 
  on the one hand its cool people feel able to believe in stuff not abrahamic or without feeling the need to butcher christianity to fit their beliefs . 
  on the other it feels a bit like turning to chivalry and calling all fair maidens m ` lady because you dont like 3rd wave feminism . 
  at the speed of your kettles the tea still isnt ready, 
  uefa only matters in/close proximity to the stadium, 
  why ? 
  there is already a lot of interdependence and cooperation between eu countries and their militarys ( eurocorps , eu battlegroups , european gendarmerie force , combined joint expeditionary force , uk joint expeditionary force - just the ones i got from a quick wiki ) aimed at quick deployment , humanitarian work , trip wires , all without needing another department , more monies , more failed politicians . 
  the eu should encourage more of these type groups and then in the future 20 , 30 years down the line , see how they were used , what their failings were , where they were successful etc and then judge whether it is necessary to have an eu army . 
  yeah any day now iraq will turn into switzerland . 
  first arab-israeli war ( 1948 -- 1949 ) , mosul uprising ( 1959 ) , first kurdish -- iraqi war ( 1961 -- 1970 ) , six day war ( 1967 ) , yom kippur war ( 1973 ) , second kurdish -- iraqi war ( 1974 -- 1975 ) , iran -- iraq war ( 1980 -- 1988 ) , gulf war ( 1990 -- 1991 ) , sha'aban intifada ( 1991 ) , iraqi kurdish civil war ( 1995 -- 1996 ) , operation desert fox ( 1998 ) , iraq war ( 2003 -- 2011 ) , iraqi civil war ( 2014 -- ) , any day now ... 
  probably because you are looking for reasons to be mislead so you can have a jab at the leaver camp . 
  9500 people have officially died in the war in ukraine . 
  i think youre overthinking how trained they are . 
  by golly charles those ruffians are at it again with their association football . 
  tea is also grown in russia . 
  whats been the common denominator so far ? 
  video and pics in this comment section https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/4nn789/russians_fans_charging_england_fans_in_the_stands/, 
  to drive a rival out of business . 
   on the other british still live in the past where their country was a number one . 
  when was the last time a brit gave you this impression ? 
  [ few interesting anecdotes at / r/soccer ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/4nf6jb/french_police_use_tear_gas_as_two_england_fans/ )  perhaps a regular in the pub let people know , because according to him not long after that a fair few local hooligans ( he estimates 30 but you know how drunk people are with guessing ) rocked up and started singing `` fuck the english '' etc etc. 
  police tried to keep a lid on it , but you know how some england fans can get when provoked , especially when in a group and having had one too many . 
  my mate and his lot fucked off , but he says as they went round the corner he heard a glass smash ( probably thrown ? 
  ) , lots of shouting and an odd sound that he now assumes was the tear gas being let off . 
  - / u/lisbian #  i 'm out here for the tournament , i was a bit down the road , so i did n't see all of it . 
  but from what i gathered , about 30 marseille ultras turned up , ( some with tools , some with balaclavas ) , and tried to attack the english , ( i 'm not sure if they reached the english or not ) , but they police then chased them off . 
  after that the atmosphere was very tense , and the attitude changed from having a good time , to a more aggressive . 
  ( i 'm not sure what triggered it ) , but then the police started throwing tear gas into the crowd to disperse it . 
  people are fucking weird . 
  anyone know what an expert carpenter thinks about corruption in britain ? 
  if it makes you feel better not a single migrant who comes from the east to europe is a refugee . 
  death , taxes and savannajeff on ttip posts . 
  number 2 is what i imagine when someone says france . 
  refugees dont want to stay in spain lol . 
  then you price out locals . 
  he 's just bad at picking his euphemisms . 
  in the uk we look for houses in a ` good school area ' . 
  thanks to global warming , blackpool . 
  damned if we do , damned if we dont . 
  if we didnt bomb libya we 'd have another syria . 
  if we did but didnt stay and help rebuild we have a libya . 
  if we did bomb them and stay to rebuild we 'd have another iraq which none of us can afford . 
  fuck im up north and im weeping . 
  what sort of prices are you looking at for a house like those ? 
  some continentals are a bit slow so you need to speak slower too . 
  no its only on the census . 
  we are a theocracy ... 
  its the former . 
  people who were atheists/agnostics used to click the christian box because they were culturally christian . 
  there was a big campaign before the last census telling people to click the no religion box because clicking the christian box would get christian organisations more funding . 
  londonderry . 
  to be fair most of the comments on sweden are n't positive ones anymore . 
   cameron ( because the uk = poland )  this is a binding contract you are part of the united kingdom of great britain , northern ireland and poland, 
  always surprises me how much more evocative colour photos are than black and white ones . 
  to give people flags . 
  by intentionally antagonising a bunch of people ? 
  him getting elected shows that immigrants are accepted , him swearing an oath in urdu just gives anti-immigration/racists people something to shout about which will make immigrants feel more unwelcome . 
  scots and gaelic are recognised regional languages in scotland , urdu isnt . 
  that said it doesnt bother me but its a petty headline grab for everyone involved . 
  we should hunt lynx users to extinction . 
  no it isnt . 
  you learn quaranic arabic you get the words out of the prophets mouth ( no chinese whispers like the bible ) . 
  you pray with the same words as the prophet etc. 
  you pray the same as every other muslim . 
  etc, 
  the number of brits who are going to visit south america is tiny . 
  i think its more spain , the fact you learn some of it at school , and americas influence . 
  there 's basically no reason to visit / r/uk unless you want to complain about how the media is treating corbyn , complain about brexit/the leave campaign or worry over how the tories are literally the end of the world . 
   for some reason that alone ( not the content of his posts ) pissed off some people . 
  that 's not true . 
  he was a heavy handed , inconsistent mod , who had a habit of deleting anything that he did n't agree with and banned people for making jokes . 
   i think that all that is needed more is a european army a european army is like step 30 when we are currently on step 4 . 
  when mods see one of these phases coming they should just stick a `` x of europe '' megathread and delete any not posted there . 
  being afraid of name calling isnt very leader like . 
   she has acted decisively when it was necessary . 
  when ? 
  proved resilient but apart from staying in office her time as ` europes leader ' has been one shit show after another . 
  fixed thanks, 
  [ crimea was english just a few centuries ago !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_england_ ( medieval \\ ) ), 
  by / u/lonnbeimnech over in / r/ireland also it 's not true . 
  first of all there were many separate relief campaigns organised by people of various nationalities and religions without any difficulty from the english . 
  for example , the bewleys family of quakers raised # 200,000 , the jewish rothschild family raised over # 400,000 in a worldwide campaign , the pope issued a papal encyclical calling on the international catholic community to contribute , again very successfully , all without any impact on victoria 's reputation . 
  secondly , extensive shipping logs and manifests exist from that time and there are no records of any ottoman ships arriving in drogheda . 
  the young irelander revolution was brewing at the time . 
  the english were aware of what was being landed at their ports .
