i want to kill myself now . 
  thanks op . 
  the only one she hasnt met was lyndon b. johnson . 
  heres some pics . 
  archaeology architect archive bronchitis chameleon chaos character charisma charismatic chasm chemical chemistry chemotherapy chlorine choir chord choreography chorus christ christian christmas chrome chronic chronological echo mechanic monarchy orchestra orchid psychiatrist psychiatry psycho psychologist psychology schedule scheme scholar school stomach synchronize technician technique technology zucchini, 
   as far as i am aware , it was only in english where it was unusual to call the czech republic by `` czechia . '', 
  they then picked a word that feels weird to say in english . 
   the american education system does not emphasize ** european ** geography . 
  shocking, 
  next leak is going to tell us that there is a lot of coke snorted in london . 
  if your girlfriend asked you to take a sti test before unprotected sex would you refuse and just tell her to trust you ? 
  can anyone eli5 what this was about and what the results mean ? 
  the side bar is dumb . 
  stuff people rarely used , that was basically invisible is now featured . 
  it also offsets the top box from the comments . 
  its also / r/europe not / r/eu . 
  why is the snoo holding ~ ~ an eu flag ~ ~ a flag heavily associated with the eu ? 
  i think you are being a bit petty . 
  whether you defeat them or cull them to the point where they are unable or are unwilling organise attacks the effect is the same . 
  greco-constantinople failed . 
  latin-constantinople failed . 
  turkish-constantinople failed . 
  time for an anglo-constantinople . 
  no they can not . 
  this is so fucking dumb and its posted all the time . 
  seriously just google `` on suspicion of encouraging terrorism '' and you get thousands of examples . 
  i dont see siesta ? 
  what about slander ? 
  this guy seems to have spent 30 years learning about and implementing counter terrorism and counter insurgency measures in a country that had massive problems with terroist attacks . 
  he is now in charge of saudis actions in syria , part of which are taking part in the american led coalition bombing of isis . 
  but he 's a saudi so lets ignore anything he has actually done in favour circlejerking about how evil saudis are and how dumb the west is . 
  makes for a great tv/film setting though . 
  `` just over '' 13 . 
  we have nature but its in the form of parks and small woods . 
  as other republics honor the day , i imagine this is more about kadyrov caring more about honouring his father than a kremlin enforced change . 
  he 's nutty sod with a cult following . 
  he 's sort of like a niche-r socialist ron paul . 
  i dont understand why reddit gets so butthurt over pmqs . 
  a small segment where politicians actually act like people instead of overly rehearsed automatons unable to divert off a script . 
  that `` kid '' is actually 28 . 
  honestly the grey is my biggest problem with the weather . 
  especially if we have a wet autumn , it feels like we go 6 months without seeing any blue . 
  i like to cut mine in half , add some grated cheese and then microwave it for 10 seconds so it becomes soft and gooey . 
  do any brits here remember their sex education lesson ? 
  all i can remember is watching a video with animals fucking and a couple of awkward questions afterwards in a science class . 
  and if he didnt you 'd post , `` well he didnt deny it ... '', 
  because pakistan isnt in the middle east ? 
   the point is that we dont screw our society to prevent car accidents youre just used to it . 
  speed limits , seatbelts , driving under the influence laws etc. 
  all ` screwed with society ' . 
  the french dont smell that bad . 
  video of the incident from / r/mma https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-o5rddvvjwu, 
   but theres also 9 eyes and fourteen eyes so ... ... yes they do . 
  i 'd assume france . 
  not sure how accurate this is . 
  just a list from wiki for ` anglo-french wars ' norman invasions . 
  anglo-french war ( 1202 -- 14 ) -- rivalry between the french capetian dynasty and the english house of plantagenet , ended by the battle of bouvines saintonge war ( 1242 ) anglo-french war ( 1294 -- 98 and 1300-03 ) -- conflict which revolved around gascony . 
  the treaty of paris ( 1303 ) ended the conflict . 
  hundred years ' war ( 1337 -- 1453 ) anglo-french war ( 1475 ) anglo-french war ( 1488 ) anglo-french war ( 1489 -- 92 ) anglo-french war ( 1494 -- 98 ) - part of the italian war of 1494 -- 98 anglo-french war ( 1512 -- 14 ) -- part of the war of the league of cambrai anglo-french war ( 1522 -- 26 ) -- part of the italian war of 1521 -- 26 anglo-french war ( 1542 -- 46 ) -- part of the italian war of 1542 -- 46 anglo-french war ( 1549 -- 50 ) anglo-french war ( 1557 -- 59 ) -- part of the italian war of 1551 -- 59 anglo-french war ( 1627 -- 29 ) -- part of the huguenot rebellions anglo-french war ( 1666 -- 67 ) -- a minor corollary of the second anglo-dutch war anglo-french war ( 1689 -- 97 ) -- part of the nine years ' war anglo-french war ( 1702 -- 13 ) -- part of the war of the spanish succession anglo-french war ( 1744 -- 48 ) -- part of the war of the austrian succession anglo-french war ( 1756 -- 63 ) -- part of the seven years ' war anglo-french war ( 1778 -- 83 ) -- encompass the american revolutionary war anglo-french war ( 1793 -- 1802 ) -- part of the french revolutionary wars anglo-french war ( 1802-1804 ) - part of the haitian revolution anglo-french war ( 1803 -- 14 ) -- part of the napoleonic wars , see especially peninsular war anglo-french war ( 1815 ) -- part of the napoleonic wars , the waterloo campaign, 
   if he joined the political establishment now after the lost election , that woud defeat the purpose . 
  i disagree . 
  at least in the uk nearly every politician is a career politician . 
  if a working class man did well in the elections he should definitely quit his day job and stay in politics . 
  he would probably do well in future elections as long as he didnt 180 on his original base . 
  did rouhani ask for them to be covered ? 
  a fuck tonne of money is why . 
  1/3 of the soldiers in the british empire were irish . 
  as were a significant chunk of the politicians , intellectuals , scientists and officers at every level of the military . 
  has ireland come to terms with its actions within the british empire ? 
  or is that passed off as ` just following orders ' ? 
  everything is serious business in the balkans . 
   and prioritizing old people no thanks . 
  women and children sure , families as well but not old people . 
  net positives are all well and good for the government and the middle class who are in protected careers . 
  when you are a builder and suddenly there are 1 million more people competing for your job its not so good regardless of any net positive to the economy . 
  eus refugee relocation plan is still in beta stage . 
  i think this is definitely the right way to go . 
  increase and improve the response teams while keeping guns away from the average officer . 
  i was watching a documentary on the charlie hebdo attack and the officers who were first on the scene had handguns but were up against aks . 
  it was brutal to watch . 
  america . 
   as far as i know , christians were always treated well in muslim countries , and for the most part still are . 
  no they arent . 
  number of christians in the middle east has been tanking for decades because of persecution from both the authorities and the public . . 
  the difference between how indians and pakistanis are ` cultural coexisting ' is interesting . 
  yeah remember when we were all disgusted at the first number of ~ 60 . 
  now we are nearing on 400 . 
  its depressing that this article needed to be written . 
  literally everything is the goal of terrorism nowadays . 
  havent terror groups used fake vests as distractions before ? 
  yorkshire pudding . 
  the girl in yellow     the blonde, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_wall#opposition he just conveniently left out that many feared what a reunited germany could do to the status quo . 
  including mitterrand , who sent an aide to moscow saying the same thing . 
  so you prefer situations like syria ? 
   1 % or 2 % on such small scales makes so little difference you 're basically just wasting money . 
  it shows you are taking national security seriously and are willing to make the effort . 
  could you link me to the plan ? 
  the eu military would still need contribution targets though , and streamlining building/purchasing/duplication would help larger countries far more than poorer ones which instead of getting free american hand-me-downs and paying their troops peanuts they 'd have to start contributing to a modern military . 
  that or western europe would have to replace americas military presence in eastern europe in which case a 1 % eu gdp military simply wont be enough even with the reduction of costs .
