  your hatred of russia is affecting your english comprehension . 
  bollocks sounds nothing like bill hooks . 
  ukraine isnt fighting the might or the creme of the russian army . 
  95 % of the time they are fighting a barely funded militia . 
  the other 5 % is when they need accurate artillery or giving the militia a backbone for specific `` mission '' . 
  just thought it was interesting they were willing to fight over some bits of land but not others . 
  what does constitute '' '' ` rightful clay '' '' ' ? 
  ukraine fought over the donbass but not over the crimea . 
  every brit disagrees with you . 
  including the police . 
  yeah this is the sort of shit you used to hear when family went abroad to africa or south america . 
  not france . 
  bury me with ck2 please . 
  most of those guys were bullied or threatened into it . 
  there have been a few of is interviews released from just before they did it and they seemed terrified reciting lines , not fanatics who believe they are a 10 minute drive from heaven . 
  selection bias . 
  when he says something '' liberal '' it gets posted to reddit and upvoted . 
  when he says something '' traditional '' its gets downvoted and no one sees it . 
  add in a bit of title fuckery and you get a very misleading picture . 
  the guy follows traditional church teaching to a tee , he just has a good social media team . 
  happened in the uk a few years ago . 
  sticky the livethread instead of this crap, 
  why do german authorities give out so little information ? 
  thats what you want , 25 people whipping out guns in an enclosed space . 
  arab dude accidentally bumps into a white dude in a supermarket and isis would claim responsibility . 
  feels strange seeing mma jokes on / r/europe . 
  inb4 the franklin quote . 
  turkey is going to be in a very worrying position if they fail . 
  ukrainians are slavs . 
  finns on the other hand ... 
  putting those two names in the same sentence is absurd . 
  this . 
  russia has been hardballing terrorism since the end of the 2nd chechen war , but its only in the past ~ 3 years that there has been a significant drop in attacks . 
  russian islamists have left the russia because the believe syria gave them a greater chance at fighting for/creating a caliphate . 
  created a wasteland and called it peace . 
  sounds like a lot of fun . 
  how many knights are on horses at the reenactment ? 
  if the economist believes the eu is on the verge of falling apart why were they pro remain ? 
  in competitions ? 
  because you only see the clips from pmqs which is 30 minutes a week where the people lighten up a bit . 
  most of the time its boring as fuck like every other parliament , where only the people interested in the topic turn up . 
  italy was the old frontline but it only became a crisis when it started effecting germany , who instead of supporting italy , threw oil on the fire . 
   does n't the pkk has lots of women ? 
  they carry their equipment , shot their rpg 's , drag wounded comrades and in general perform their duties as soldiers . 
  the womens battalions did logistics almost exclusively . 
  fools !, 
  pretty morbid when you realise the reason they are there is so if russia does do something it would be easier to sell a war if a american/brit/german / canadian died . 
  whats the opinion of working class dutch ? 
  its happening in other countries it just doesnt get attention here . 
  a newly wed african dude got murdered by an italian ultra yesterday and the post here got a whopping 6 comments in 5 hours . 
  how many books have you ordered from there ? 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  the amount of `` lets punish them '' , `` fuck england '' , '' `` glad they are gone '' , `` lets destroy them and revel in the spoils '' , `` the english are racist/bigots/cunts / idiots / [ favourite insult here ] type posts was shocking , even to someone quite cynical about / r/europe to begin with . 
  its not disappeared its just been drowned out by the xenophobia towards england . 
  because 99.9999 % of the books are trash that very few/no one wants . 
  except the 6 eyes , the 9 eyes , 14 eyes and `` oh my god how could they spy on their allies '' germany begging to be part of 9 eyes . 
  if you think it is only those pesky anglophones you are very mistaken . 
  politicians love this group/idea , all the information and very little of the risk . 
  yeh its pretty absurd reading this thread . 
  15 million non-scot brits wanted to stay in the eu and are being treated like kitten murdering paedophiles . 
  1.5 million scots voted to stay and are being treated like a they would be single handily leading the charge to federalisation if it wasnt for those cunting english . 
  that was `` what is eu '' story was a whopping 1000 searches . 
  yeah those bastard british looking out for their own interests . 
  no other country does that . 
  that was the plan from the beginning . 
  every country in the world allows skilled immigration . 
  probably not because generally its supposed to take a larger majority to change the status quo on issues as large as this . 
  any examples ? 
  how does the german foreign office work for a better europe ? 
  how did you get from following the eu set rules to us not want to leave ( fyi , only ~ 35 % of the voting age population voted to leave ) also why did you change your flair from us ? 
  a. eu has no say in when the uk notifies it of its wish withdraw . 
  this is an eu rule . 
  the 2 year negotiation comes from the lisbon treaty . 
  also an eu rule . 
  to me this is the bigger issue . 
  for something as big as this , a supermajority should be needed to change the status quo . 
  we wouldnt have to , they 'd be up the political shits creak without a paddle . 
  when was the last time england fucked them ? 
   the scottish seem closer aligned to the continent 's way of doing things than the english were this is / r/europe misleading you . 
  scots vote was only 60:40 to remain , and thats partially down to people who thought they would get another referendum if scotland voted to remain while ruk voted to leave . 
  scotland is going to have a mighty shock if they think they 'll enter the eu with the deal the uk had . 
  no discussion , no dissension , no debate . 
  democracy will not be tolerated . 
  scotland is going to be in for a rude awakening if they think they 'll join the eu with the deal the uk currently has . 
  almost as if 48 % of people didnt want to leave ... 
  we arent the french . 
  butcher away . 
  and you can see it in the comments here too . 
  scotland was at 60:40 . 
  hardly the entire scotland . 
  after reading a few threads today . 
  democracy is bad . 
  people dont know what they want . 
  they should ask junker instead . 
  says a lot about the eu if one country has to hold it together . 
  support for federalism is at an all time low . 
  northern ireland is a shithole , the eu can have it . 
  spend less time on / r/europe . 
  stop moving the goalposts . 
  in the uk we have great press , ok press and shitty press with the entire spectrum of political leanings .
