  the minist\u00e9rio do turismo , that operates under the minist\u00e9rio da economia since 2005 , but still continues its operations in projection plans and investments . 
   the 90 % occupancy rates sustained through some months seem like tourists find on average the available offer attractive enough . 
  and for peak events , it will likely have full occupancy whether they are attractive or not . 
  who went to kiev , went to kiev whether they liked their hotel or not . 
  ... again , i never said the contrary , however it has been a fact for ages that some hotels are never really at capacity because they are too unattractive . 
  there was an absolute * huge * demand for hotels here in amsterdam ( even more than usual ) when bruno mars came about , and even though everything in most of the city was booked , the shit part where the ziggo dome actually is still had free hotels , why ? 
  * because they are shit places nobody wants to stay , places that exist all over the continent *  i think we are talking at cross purposes . 
  the retiree tax exempts are not for portuguese retirees with low pensions !, 
  the resident n\u00e3o habitual scheme is for foreigners with high pensions , which are exempt from taxation though dual-taxation treaties on some conditions if they reside in portugal a certain amount of the year . 
  this is more pressure on the real estate , because it is bringing way more money into the current market . 
  you pay property taxes , and as for not taking residency in portugal that is an extremely binary issue ... you either are registered and live in portugal or you do not , in which case you can * own property * in portugal and freely use it as a holiday getaway or rent it or whatever you fancy , but you are not required to pay taxes on your * income * ( note : not property ) in portugal because you merely are not going under portuguese jurisdiction . 
   it might not be beneficial for lisbon , which is a different thing . 
  also not necessarily create production or irs income in portugal - but it can \u00b4 t be stopped obviously , since it will be a right of any eu citizen to live where they want to . 
  so someone who works , makes a salary , and * thus * pays taxes , is not beneficial for lisbon ? 
  what kind of mind-bending does it take for a tax contribution as well as a better workforce be worse for portugal ? 
  i , for one , really like it . 
   capacity problems will exist for any limited capacity . 
  and web summit sold more tickets than seats at the meo arena , which is not really a problem of any portuguese authority . 
  and there are capacity limits , for safety , as already mentioned from say nos alive being sold out months before it takes place . 
  this , however , does not address any other problems i brought up . 
   i have been reading up a lot in lisbon urbanism efforts and real estate happenings and internal politics ( in portuguese even ) , and have been doing so for years . 
  i am not sure what your argument is or what exactly i was supposed to know that according to you i don \u00b4 t. 
  the minist\u00e9rio has been funding several restructure and remodeling projects in the greater lisbon area to promote more travel to lisbon 's neighboring municipalities ( for example , there are huge campaigns for surfing that annually are proving to be a growing success ) . 
  the main reason for this is that lisbon can not sustain its own growing popularity as well as maintain non-touristic activities with the same safety ( real estate problems are already rising ) . 
   i agree on that , interpreted your previous comment as meaning otherwise `` deemed too unattractive '' . 
  what i meant by `` deemed too unattractive '' was not at all a portugal & spain-only effect . 
  in * any * city there are hotels that are deemed too unattractive , even if those cities are severely on demand . 
  a good example of this is a hotel near my house that is pretty huge , but also very empty most of the time because it genuinely is n't that great . 
   i fear that , and it \u00b4 s not just tourism , it \u00b4 s gold visas , and retirees wanting the exemption scheme and people doing remote work , looking for a place which is nice and feels safe . 
  i agree that golden visas are a problem , as is unlicensed work . 
  as for the retiree tax exempts , if you take into consideration how extremely low a lot of portuguese citizens ' current retirement funds are , you 'd see that there is a need for it . 
  and as for remote work , as long as it is legal then it actually is beneficial for portugal as it generates production and revenue taxes . 
   one of the big complaints was that all those woul wanted to attend the final session could not fit into the meo arena , and that will obviously be a limiting factor already for eurovision . 
  plus all those other attendants who did not bother with the closing session , but were just networking . 
  so you * are * saying that there are preventable capacity problems then . 
   lol , me want ? 
  i don \u00b4 t even want the hotels , it \u00b4 s a huge concern , it \u00b4 s wrecking very much whole neighbbourhoods . 
  my argument is that you are being very pessimistic ( maybe even a bit condescending . 
  our hotels not being attractive enough ? 
  seriously ? 
  because germany or sweden is not necessarily better at making attractive hotels ! ), 
  about lisbon being able to fit tourists and i was point out that was unlikely - personally i wish we half the hotels and none of the airbnb , but it exists and i am taking it into consideration . 
  then why not read up on the minist\u00e9rio do turismo 's decisions to halt these developments and promote lisbon 's growth as assuredly price-wise as well as society-wise as possible ? 
  also , i never said that the hotels were less attractive in the least ( no idea where you got that from ) what i * did * say is that the hotels in portugal and spain tend to be smaller in terms of their own management of rooming than their continental counterparts . 
  this does not change at all the quality of a hotel ... by promoting a more even and less centralized event-planning , airbnb will not have a boost and become an even bigger unnecessary issue . 
  lisbon can not accommodate every single tourist by itself ( if you take a look at how visitors travel to lisbon itself , you would see a growing popularity to stay in neighboring cities because of these programmes , preventing further issues ) and as such needs to keep on developing its transportation systems with not only its region but the rest of portugal and the world to make sure that we wo n't have an overcapacity . 
  i lived for 14 years in lisbon , and i already noticed the problems that tourism brings , but compared to amsterdam ( a far more touristic city ) , lisbon 's problems are only just beginning . 
  amazing language also speak very good english and swedish lots of people go to tallinn for booze * seriously * did not take shit during the war have a really good anthem saunas are extremely common love ice hockey metal bands galore extremely good educational system * finland is baaaee *, 
   yeah , but like baku , or croatia or even helsinki , it \u00b4 s not that small or boring . 
  ... baku and helsinki are not as touristic as lisbon in the least , but are of a comparable size , meanwhile croatia is a * country * who does n't benefit from the same touristic advantages portugal does . 
  plus , helsinki is * far * more expensive than lisbon thus generating less demand , and baku was an enormous failure financially as they ** built a damn arena just to host it **  of course nobody will build new hotels over eurovision , particularly since no time . 
  my point is the hotel business is ( unfortunately ) mushrooming , even the 14 thousand licensed rooms will be already some more by next year - new hotels being open or in construction . 
  this is precisely why the minist\u00e9rio do turismo has been pushing so many of these programmes . 
  this practice has been at the origin of past toxicity in other cities both in europe and outside of it . 
  as lisbon continues to grow , it needs to brace itself for challenges of being a touristic and attractive city . 
   as is for the web summit , or as is for some holidays like easter or the 15th of august , where peak capacity is reached . 
  peak capacity is always reached at some points in the year , or the market is in trouble and there is overcapacity !, 
  i found many sources that actually indicate that the web summit attendance was lower than eurovision . 
  if lisbon is already at capacity with * that * then obviously there must be some development regarding transportation in the greater lisbon area to promote a more even and calculated distribution of visitors . 
   and eurovision will likely have some local attendees also , and some will prefer airbnb or even hostels . 
  airbnb and hostels are effectively wrecking bits of amsterdam , do you want that for lisbon too ? 
   i don \u00b4 t know how long it has been since you have been in lisbon , but that is a scenario i don \u00b4 t recognize at all . 
  maybe hotel size , but being unattractive or disconnected no - same for restaurants . 
  ... 4 months . 
  i go there very often ...  our current problem , in this city is not lack of tourism infrastructure and know-how ( in good taste ) . 
  it \u00b4 s the effect of these hotels and tourism in the rest of the city . 
  you say that yet if you take a look at the economic composition of portugal 's economy as well as its evolutionary expansion you can see that tourism is a * very * growing sector by its standards . 
  take also into consideration that lisbon , in the grand european scheme of things , is quite a small city , and although it is most definitely a growingly popular destination , it still is developing several of its own services due to unprecedented demand . 
  there are undergoing restructe actions being taken in the greater lisbon , especially in areas such as cascais , estoril , carcavelos , paredes , etc. . . to take * off * the stress from lisbon early before there genuinely is a problem . 
  if there are new hotels * just * for eurovision , what happens afterwards ? 
  will we see the same as athens did after the olympics ? 
  tonnes of investments proven unfruitly due to the fact that these businesses , who relied on an increase of tourists that is merely momentary , no longer can attain the same financial stability ? 
  the best option is to continue with the overall programmes that the minist\u00e9rio do turismo has been pushing in order to * prevent * lisbon from suffering the real estate ridiculous problems that bigger cities like paris and london suffer , as well as that it does n't become a collective tourists-only town as the centrum of amsterdam is accused of being due to abuses of airbnb and other similar services ; and also ensure that it will not become far too overwhelmed with demand with not enough supply nor too much supply as an aftershock . 
  lisbon is still quite small , and yet it is also very touristic , therefore all events are to be planned carefully . 
   you misunderstood by an algarism . 
  lisbon itself had 14000 licensed hotel rooms and occupancy rate will never be close to 90 % for the whole month because weekdays and so on . 
  there are new hotels . 
  eurovision visitors will need to book early , but then again in any city , big peak attendance events will use available infrastructure . 
  so 14 000 licensed hotel * rooms * ? 
  yet eurovision 2016 had 16 000 attendees ... that even if they agree to share a room with another person makes it 8 000 rooms occupied , leaving only 6 000 left to accommodate any other tourists ( and as you can guess , this will be a grave problem of demand/supply ) . 
  the problem you keep ignoring is that you * can not * trade nor be a broker , nor do any financial action with the internal market the same way as if you were an outsider . 
  some parts of clearance is even * part * of european institutions and is merely hosted in london , however those will most definitely not remain and are up for bidding for a new eu centre . 
  the eu does not want a mad uk , it 's still a neighboring country as well as a valuable market . 
  however the financial reliance of the uk has been tarnished severely , thus obviously it is about to change and focus on remaining within the internal market ( which the uk will no longer be able to do ) . 
  the uk will definitely still remain powerful , but it is not even the most powerful eu country to begin with , and can not * begin * to rival the multiple financial centres that the eu has . 
  singapore has access to asian markets that very other few have though . 
  hong kong sar ( which is even * ahead * of the uk ) , does have an extremely big advantage for having access to the chinese market for example . 
  all big financial centres depend a * lot * on how easily they can access different markets , it 's an outreach game basically . 
  london , however , does not have * half * the access to asian financial markets that singapore has , instead it relies on its access to the eu 's internal market , which is about to possibly be ended . 
  the problem with the uk is that they sure want to `` negotiate '' a deal in order to protect euro clearing , passporting rights , etc. . . but they do not provide anything the eu really wants currently , thus far the british government has even threatened to * not * follow a crippling number of promises it made pre-brexit out of , essentially , spite . 
  the eu has other 4 growing financial centres that already have seen proposals of companies wanting to install headquarters in order to maintain access to the eu markets , these are frankfurt , amsterdam , paris , and dublin . 
  london is still bigger , however that is already showing signs of changing considering just how much it depends on access to the internal market . 
  the trend we have seen is a division of companies between the other eu financial centres ( especially dublin and frankfurt ) and london , to maintain access to the eu 's internal market , as well as not have to essentially throw london 's entire economy ( which is * a veeery big part * of the uk 's overall economic composition ) out the window . 
  ** and yet i wonder why the hell you would n't be terrified of that shady goddamn van **, 
  let 's not forget about sweden !, 
  fuck them the hardest !, 
  the uk , however , will no longer have the privileged access to the eu 's financial markets it once had though . 
  it is as advantageous as installing your headquarters in moscow or belgrade , if you look at the * access * you get with a post-brexit uk . 
  you forget that hotels in the iberian peninsula , compared to their french , german , british , etc. . . counterparts , tend to be smaller . 
  that is something that is unaccounted for , a lot of hotels in lisbon can even be deemed too unattractive or too ill-advertised or even too disconnected transport-wise for a lot of tourists .
