   what would it be good for ? 
  empty threat in my opinion , though i 'm not an expert on the matter . 
  well , the bants were good , and some dug pretty deep in his fuckups too . 
  i 'm actually pretty impressed his administration did n't complain at all . 
  kudos to him . 
  but the issue is that your `` similarity '' does not at all seem to be en vogue anymore considering that pro-eu membership parties are ruling in norway , switzerland can not * constitutionally * join the eu over neutrality yet basically functions as a member state with tonnes upon tonnes of bilateral agreements , and iceland has yet to actually say no to the eu ... 
  so again , these countries display a great deal of support for the eu and during efta statements a disapproval for brexit . 
  the uk is already facing important losses of passport rights for financial companies in london which happen to be a * very * important part of the uk 's annual gdp . 
  thousands of citizens all over the continent can face having their rights revoked , including students as well as workers , workers who happen to work in the nhs which already is facing difficulties ... 
  according to you what is a `` success '' for both sides ? 
  for the eu it 's pretty basic : no benefits for the uk , clean break from the treaties they signed , end of story . 
  meanwhile the uk keeps on deluding itself believing trade will not be concerned and even puts its own existence into question as scottish independence makes a comeback and northern ireland is put to risk * again * . 
  there is no success in brexit , the only thing that there is in this case is * risk assessment * . 
  firstly , norway attempted to join in 1962 but was vetoed by france , and the latest referendum ( 1994 ) reveals that by a 4.4 % p majority it did not , furthermore the two main parties from the norwegian parliamentary elections are in favor of norway joining the eu . 
  secondly , iceland froze its accessions negotiations due to government problems as well as trying to deal with the economic crisis by themselves first , formally they have not ended . 
  and as for switzerland it has a series of overly convoluted bilateral agreements that put it up to par with being basically part of the european project throughout the years without formal representation ( thus conserving swiss neutrality over any affairs ) . 
  and again , you entirely ignore that all these countries are within the efta . 
  you still have not addressed the fact that within the efta all members have to obey eu laws and regulations , pay contributions to the european institutions , have respect for all 4 freedoms of the internal market , and even erna solberg hinted at vetoing a uk entry into the efta post-brexit . 
  seems like , again , you are wanting to compare the uk whom is * leaving everything behind * to countries whom in nearly all practical terms are a part of the internal market and civil life with them mirrors the one between two eu member states . 
  the sole difference is that these countries do not get an official representation in the commission , the parliament , nor the councils , thus they have no say on eu decision making , they can only focus on following law and regulation . 
  the uk is not doing this in the least . 
  the uk is abandoning the internal market fully , which has * never * been attempted before and is a very painful transition for everyone involved . 
  furthermore remind yourself that the ussr * was * invited to join in onto the european project early on , in fact , all of europe was , so by `` rejecting the eu '' you can also talk about virtually anyone who has ever had anything to do with it . 
  the uk is attempting something entirely unprecedented and its future far more closely resembles the one of a country with no ties to the eu ( belarus , russia , armenia , georgia ... ) . 
  switzerland and norway never considered being in the eu either ... iceland has a pending eu accession candidacy as we speak ... 
  so basically the uk can be comparable to that one time israel considered it ( somehow ) and not only was refused but also then actively rejected it ? 
  what about britannia ? 
  genuinely expected this to be a goddamn meme and have the houses spell out `` send nudes '' or something . 
  the internet has ruined me . 
  that 's a pretty broad spectrum . 
  also , the uk is * still * in the eu , it has n't left ( yet ) . 
  i guess you can compare the uk to china , malaysia , south africa , brazil , canada , angola , kazakhstan , etc. . . because they are all also outside the eu . 
  i look forward to seeing these every week a bit , but i got ta say i 'm underwhelmed by this week 's . 
  just a bit too meh and lazily predictable in my opinion . 
  til the reason i do n't fuck up most thinks is because i like men . 
  she looks like she 's taking no shit , i bet a dane pissed her off that morning and she 's all like `` try me . '', 
  is it just me who sees it ? 
  that 's actually really interesting . 
  i am now kinda wondering what personifications of other countries came on about and how . 
  was that not the case before ? 
  i always pictured some countries as women , like how france is la marianne . 
  the eu went through ecj procedures , and the ecj is not at the control of the eu in the least . 
  in fact , on multiple cases the ecj ruled * against * the eu . 
  the eu does not * allow * anyone within the customs union to uphold negotiations because nobody singularly in a customs union upholds that type of legal basis and competence . 
  the uk can not only leave the customs union * during * the negotiation process , but also it can even end negotiations early if it chooses to . 
  it all boils down to when the hell is britain getting itself out of the customs union . 
  that literally is it . 
  by rejecting it do you mean being a part of schengen , obeying all eu law and legislation , following every directive and resolution , etc. . . ? 
  the uk is not in the least doing the same thing , it is * fully * rejecting the eu like other countries such as belarus . 
  no internal market , no schengen , no nothing . 
  hell , the uk did n't even want to accept the bloody * charter of human rights * . 
  the official post-decision documentation revealed that any official and formal process can not be started by the uk due to the fact that , by being part of a customs union , it merely does not hold the legislative competences to uphold to such an effect . 
  the uk , however , can start * informal and unofficial * procedures , such as talks , though these are still very basic steps and do not serve the same purpose . 
  unfortunately so . 
  yes , though south korea merely is not at all right there in the northwest corner of europe , it instead has to deal with japan and china ( and north korea but that 's a different story ) . 
  outsider countries have no say on eu policy besides signing ftas , and that works out for them since trading with the eu is not at all * needed * but it certainly is a nice and compelling element that benefits both . 
  the uk on the other hand is far too reliant on the eu to merely seek to isolate itself in the same fashion without seeking more reliance on trade with other countries , the sole problem is that the uk is stuck in europe , making trade relations with the us , canada , australia , etc. . . ( which i think will be the uk 's first and foremost priorities for free trade ) far more complicated in terms of logistics . 
  furthermore , the uk will have to deal with one primordial question : what can be done with both irelands ? 
  which also evokes a bigger question as to how will britain bode now that it has its own standards on products but due to leaving the eu , it lost all rights to contest active discrimination on british imports both into the eu and out ? 
  brexit raised tonnes upon tonnes of these logistic and legislative questions , and thus far instead of having a reasonable discussion about the uk 's future , there is a mere mediafest over empty slogans with little or no discussion about these . 
  and comparing the uk with norway , switzerland , and iceland , which all have access to the internal market and are even part of * schengen * is somehow better ? 
  my point is that the uk will be a very rich country , significantly richer than any other outside of the eu , however its access to the internal market and say on eu policy will be more comparable to a full outsider like belarus , or perhaps mexico or south korea . 
  yes , though can britain remain as economically competitive ( hence why it * remains * rich to this day and did n't stagnate into irrelevance ) with restricted access to the world 's biggest market , that also happens to be the one it relies most on ? 
  it is increasing military power of a neighbor who happens to be very close and have absolutely no reason to have any action with the uk . 
  the european institutions have the principality of subsidiarity , meaning that they do not act unless allowed to basically . 
  this also applies to this proposal , making an eu military unit mainly focused on defensive measures ( borders being a huge priority ) as well as cooperative operation ( for ex-eu affairs , coordination would be more efficient ) . 
  this mainly makes the eu militarily more coordinated and more capable of carrying the responsibilities and goals it already has , nothing more . 
  the reasons for opposition can be more legitimate ( like ireland 's concern over its wishes to maintain a neutral stance ) but in the case of the uk , this truly comes not only in a contradictory nature , but also as a genuine blockade to the eu 's processes and operations ( in a time when negotiations with the eu itself are taking place ) . 
  i agree , though i also see the uk 's exercise of their power of a different nature : they will not at all be affected by these decisions yet they effectively block eu progress , thus not serving any goal on its own side ... unless of course the uk 's goal is to antagonize the eu at home . 
  this can make the eu less open to british input and can make negotiation talks less amicable between both sides ; it is no secret that british media is spewing constant articles demonizing the union and the current leadership could very easily accomplish very unpopular goals ( such as further nhs cuts ) by hiding behind a big `` us vs them '' narrative . 
  it 's unfortunately been done in the past all over the world , to actively seek less amicable ties to generate just enough friction to cause this narrative , that way politicians can essentially do as they please as long as they blame it on `` them '' . 
  because it is part of a customs union . 
  in a legal aspect , the uk can leave the customs union ( and literally every single european institution there is ) in about half a day by revoking any and all treaties . 
  the reason , as you may guess , why the uk does n't do this is because it would be an entire crash for any british industry and citizens that are dependent on the articles in these agreements , and the same goes for any eu companies or citizens interacting with the uk . 
  it would be devastating . 
  if the uk wants to hurry up and strike its own trade deals , then all it needs to do is finish negotiations with the eu early ( they end whenever all agree , and nobody would really force the uk into a deal since it has veto power ) . 
  in effect , the uk can start * talks * of potential future ftas however it does not hold any legal basis to ratify anything ( being part of a customs union does that ) . 
   yet trade negotiations are conveniently still forbidden , amirite ? 
  they are n't , and they have n't been . 
  the sole rule is that there are no talks until art. 50 is evoked , which it was , so negotiations are already underway . 
  i could say the same thing about the british rebate as well as the uk deflecting countless times its own obligations ... 
  the uk signed agreements and treaties requiring financement of key projects , should the uk refuse to comply then it clearly shows that the uk is unreliable as it is * not * fulfilling the requirements stated previously that were ratified ( and it would n't even be a new thing unfortunately ) . 
  the uk thus can not be compared to norway , iceland and switzerland as it will not at all have the same access to the internal market . 
  the uk may want to compare itself with the likes of , for example , belarus , a country without any direct access to the internal market and no accession talks . 
  sole thing is as you can guess , all these countries tend to either not be shining beacons of economic prosperity or tend to rely much more on another huge market ( like russia ) . 
  * username extremely relevant *, 
   all british citizens are at a process of losing eu citizenship it 's called brexit , and i am amazed this has n't occurred to you . 
  so basically citizens are just cattle ? 
  meant to breed and reproduce for just the benefit of its government ? 
  with no regards for comfort or their wants ? 
  the tories want to go ham on the nhs and child benefits , not to mention their shite history with leading the uk 's educational institutions . 
  well , i would n't want someone like her working in brussels , i mean , someone so damn childish to instead of `` oh , okay , well , i will need to attain eu citizenship first then '' or `` oh , okay , i will reconsider my career choices and reorient myself '' no , we get `` omg they wont bend the rules for me this is clearly anti-brit stuff '' . 
  we get a silly girl blaring out about anti-british sentiment at the eu , when the eu is literally following its own rules . 
  all british citizens are at a process of losing eu citizenship as that is a right that only comes with full eu membership , and to work at the eu you need eu citizenship so ... 
  ... alright i need to stop you * right there * . 
  these goddamn roast sessions are against the treaty of versailles !, 
   you are missing the point so hard . 
  reiterate your point then . 
  my point is that gay or not there are * people getting murdered in chechnya * and thus they need help , lgbt networks are currently working on the case since this officially is targeted at gay people . 
   what a fuck are you talking about ?
