  if you 're looking for specifics , there 's the nemo science museum that 's quite a bit of fun ( albeit small , so it would be a bit quick ) . 
  there 's the portuguese synagogue to learn about jewish culture and history ( very interesting , they also serve very good traditional jewish food there ) . 
  there 's also this town between amsterdam and ... amsterdam ( it divides a chunk called zuidoost from the rest of amsterdam ) that has great walks . 
  you can also go cheese tasting virtually anywhere in centrum as well , which i think it 's super fun , and of course there 's also coffeeshops galore ( i personally reccomend one close to nieuwmarkt called rusland ) . 
  or you can also take the ferry accross the ij ( amsterdam 's huge river that sepparates the noord from the rest ) and go visit the a'dam tower ( for the thrill seekers ) or go to the eye film insitute . 
  just make sure you do n't leave amsterdam before you try a kroket from a vending machine wall , or as we call it , febo . 
  if you have any questions at all about amsterdam , do n't hesitate to ask !, 
  probably repeated enough in this thread but saudi arabia ( and similar countries ) due to their horrid treatment of women , undemocratic state , horrid extremism with religion , * massive * discrimination , etc. . . 
  it 's as if it was built to fully be an opposite to us , there 's little that we agree on ... 
  i once was working in lisbon and this american tourist burst through the lobby ( where we receive all guests , he came with a group of americans ) and immediately came up to me ( i was the one guiding them to their rooms respectively ) and demanded to be given asylum ... you have n't laughed ? 
  well here 's the funny part : it 's because * obama got elected and he did n't feel safe in the us * oh man ... 
  as a sassy drag queen told me ( about another bitchy drag queen coming for her business ) : i 'm not worried bitch can bring it , i believe that the eu can definitely withstand whatever he can throw at us , specially since it 's only 4 years and then byebye trump ... 
  this will be a wonderful opportunity to take the eu and fix it , to have a clear and common vision on what the eu should be and to make it so . 
  this is why i should n't type while drunk , thanks for pointing it out . 
  it 's mainly a joke i have with my mom , when we are being really dramatic we just do that stereotypical speedy speedy bamba voice with spanish words and call each other cari\u00f1o and say `` aiiiii '' as much as possible . 
  oddly enough we end up sounding like two gay brazillians . 
  i tried to learn danish , and when i spoke to a dane he thought i was speaking swedish instead ... then i spoke to a swede and he thought i was speaking norwegian ... 
  ... i have yet to find a norwegian . 
  damnit i always spell it wrong , thanks though !, 
  here 's a list of my favourite things to say ( one per language ) : en : freshly baked pies pt : otorrinolaringologista es : cari\u00f1o m\u00edo fr : ordinateur it : andiamo !, 
  li : lietuva ab : bon bon edhe n\u00ebse sbon sbon ( yes , that song ) and my ultimate favourite : cz : ** kdeeeeee domov muuuuuuj **, 
  i personally have n't heard about any sepparatist movements at all , but should the issue arise , i 'd ultimately leave it up to them , i really believe that self-determination is the best way to go around it , and making it as peacefully as possible can ensure that should there be the need to change , then it 'll be easier and better for both sides . 
  there * are * however calls for more autonomy and control over certain parts of the region , and also more recognition of the frisian language itself , these are mainly pushed by the frisian national party ( fnp ), 
  give oliven\u00e7a back to portugal , give spain back to the roman empire , etc etc etc. . . 
  is it reflected in pronounciation at all ? 
  i do n't believe i 've ever heard kalaallisut actually being spoken at all ... 
  what are the differences between u and i ? 
  literally just using a different letter ? 
  that 's fascinating , would you say that there 's a big variation among dialects ? 
   catalonia has way more rights than other autonomous communities in spain , and you say that it 's me the one that is biased ? 
  so then why do they still have political calls for it ? 
  is it really enough ? 
  is it * ever * enough even ? 
   seriously , if you do n't know what the problem is about , just do n't join a conversation . 
  so basically your argument here `` you do n't know shit , shut up '' well that 's just sad , i think that discourse and * calm reasonable * discussion can actually be good for both sides , and if i do n't know what the problem is about , then explain to me and do n't hide behind that extremely weak phrase  again , you tried to speak catalan and you did n't know anything about it , so therefore you failed and wrote it wrong actually i 'm taking a course to learn introductory catalan , plus i 'll admit that the phrase was mainly to see how you 'd react to it , if i make any mistakes then sorry but hey , i 'm pretty sure you 'd do tonnes of mistakes in portuguese , dutch , french , and other languages i happen to speak . 
  you , to me at least , seem to be so against the idea of a catalan referendum that you just keep denying everything instead of commenting more calmly about it and talking about different prospects for the future , also , several academic sources indicate that the problem * is * economic * but * there are also debatable cultural disputes between the two sides that generate heightened tension . 
  literally all i 've said is `` i 've read that there are other issues too '' and talked about a fair approach that would grant a voice to catalonia democratically . 
  if anyone is biased it 's you , i honestly do n't care if catalonia remains part of spain or not but i * do * care that this issue is resolved accordingly and that catalan politics regain more order than they have now . 
  well , i do n't really trust you as a source , and i think that 20 years is an awfully long time as well , or is spain the same exact thing it was in 1997 ? 
  if you believe so then so be it , but the fact is , right now there is a clear dissatisfaction with being part of spain that is apparent , whether you like it or not , and if the issue truly is economy , then address it accordingly as i said and then * surprise surprise * there wo n't be an issue to begin with . 
  furthermore , from what i 've read , catalonia also has disputes regarding cultural treatment and representation ( something i 've also heard for basque country and even galicia ) . 
  i think that it may or may not , i honestly have n't seen a recent poll . 
  what i * do * believe is important is that there 's an actual answer given to the catalan people , be it more autonomy or an actual referendum ( with clear conditions and consequences of each choice ) to solve this issue once and for all . 
  otherwise , we 'll just be sitting on a pressure cooker and before you know it , it 'll get worse . 
  yes , that unfortunately is also true ... 
  but hey !, 
  we can all appreciate one thing about [ another us airport a bit nearby ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9xlwrci6de ), 
  how often do you get to use your language ? 
  is there a lot of media and resources in it ? 
  what about to learn it ? 
  [ we hebben echt dit nodig ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9wgxmmxkps ), 
  then , for me , the decision is to be respected and cooperation between spain and an independent catalonia is to be established , especially guaranteeing the same exact rights for spanish citizens within catalonia , and the same rights for catalan citizens within spain . 
  nobody should be asked to leave a new and independent catalonia , they would have to abide by the catalan government but be ensured that there is still close cooperation with spain and that their rights are being just as respected and valid as they were beforehand . 
  nobody would be forced to be spanish or catalan , the people themselves decide which citizenship they prefer ( because let 's face it , a day-to-day life is n't going to change radically ) and their rights remain the same whether they are on one side of the border or the other . 
  i 'd advise via lax , it 's a very nice airport . 
  i personally support self-determination rather than spanish stability , specially considering that spain kindly invaded the netherlands and portugal at points in history and claimed them as well , plus that argument was also used for keeping colonies and yet look how we , former colonial empires , turned out to actually be quite well off . 
  spain is defending its territories , sure , but spain is also supposed to be a democratic country where spaniards are free , and if one of the spanish communities does no longer want to be a part of spain , and it is done by legal and cooperative methods ( may not even be full independence , but more autonomy and say on regional affairs ) then what 's to stop them ? 
  i seriously do not spain will break at all if catalonia leaves ( you 'd be both in the eu and the eurozone so cooperation would be inevitable ) , and that 's already a big if , because if spain listens to the underlying causes for these calls for independence , and fixes these issues with the region , opens the door and leaves the choice to the people themselves ( rather than some old post-franco constitution that defies self-determination ) then maybe they will stay , just like scotland stayed within the uk in 2014 stability is key , but i believe that if catalan independence would bring spain down , then try to reason with them and appease their wants and needs ; otherwise it 'll just be a pressure cooker situation , and i do n't see catalonia 's situation getting any better with regards to its question on independence . 
  sole keyphrase here is ( tl ; dr ) : listen to what catalonia wants, 
  why does it matter to you that catalonia has never been independent ? 
  as far as i know spain was n't ever a country at one point in history and yet here we are , and norway as well . 
  for me it seems like it 's basically spain holding a region that does n't seem to want to be there at all ... 
  in my opinion that constitution needs a serious revamp to allow for more state flexibility , and also for catalonia 's situation to be settled once and for all , be it they choose to remain part of spain or form a new country by themselves . 
  the fact that this constitution is literally stopping self-determination of catalans is a huuuuge red flag to me ... 
  not at all , i think that racism is a problem , and claiming that there are no black/asian/etc ... * native * europeans is already racial discrimination ... 
  so are you admitting you 're racist ? 
  you literally are going against the very definition of the word * native * to fit your very narrow and inaccurate vision of not only europe , but also you 're ignoring a horridly huge amount of european history , like how basically all the balkans were ottoman and iberia was also under islamic rule , plus how mongolian tribes also came on about , and how we , during and after colonisation , we became far more diverse . 
  you want to exclude people solely based on their appearance , that 's shallow at best . 
  and i 'll end on that note , amuse toi lepen . 
  i quite like the reddit to be honest , i find it sometimes pretty funny . 
  as someone who currently lives in amsterdam and very often goes to utrecht , i can vouch for this . 
  hell , i 'm considering moving to utrecht after my studies . 
  i have yet to find it , and trust me i 'm looking for it ... 
  i 'm sorry in advance but i honestly do n't know much about present-day hungary nor do i care that much at all , i 'm just not interested . 
  i really liked learning about its history from 1945 to 2004 but anything else ... mmmeeeehhh a country i * really * do n't know nor really have any interest in is bulgaria ... 
  i have not much to say about it aside from `` sofia seems cool '' and i do n't really care enough to find out more, 
  definitely yes , maybe not all , but slowly i feel like overtime i 'm feeling more connected to more eu countries like czechia or lithuania, 
  i care because i believe that europe is beyond the age where race is a problem , we 're above that , clearly , also , the definition of `` native '' is `` a person born in a specified place or associated with a place by birth , whether subsequently resident there or not . '', 
  so any european born in europe * is a native european * to say that i am not a native european even though i 've lived my whole entire life here * because some people find me too dark * is quite rude to me ... black , asian , arabic , etc. . . people can look the way they do and still be native europeans just like your boyfriend . 
  but that 's very debatable , is n't it ? 
  here 's a thing i did when i lived in france : i would usually ask people if i was white or not , and i noticed that different people have different opinions , for some i 'm white for others i 'm not white . 
  race itself is quite confusing , specially because there 's no set `` white '' and there 's a lot of people ( like me ) who are quite in between ; and yet all my ancestors are portuguese , born and raised in portugal ... which * is * europe . 
  to say that none of the black or asian europeans who were born to european parents are natives , then what are they ? 
  are they `` white '' ? 
  because for me they are n't white but they * are * european just like you and me . 
  yes , but that goes to show that being white is n't being european . 
  are we all africans because that 's where literally all humans are from ? 
  my ancestors are portuguese , but i still do n't think that whiteness is detached from skin color . 
  whiteness is very much * just * skin color to me , what * does * matter is education and behavior , hence why there are white people that are not at all european ( for example an american amish ) and there are non-white people that are fully european ( as you can very often see basically anywhere in my opinion ) europe is n't white , and white is n't european , the two are different things . 
  one references mere appearance , the other references a set of social values and norms generally common through the continent . 
  ... discover pixabay free images , no hotlinking ? 
  what counts as native ? 
  i was born and raised in europe , look like the people of my own country , and yet i 'm very much darker than most of the population in the netherlands . 
  iberia used to be under islamic rule waaaaay back before portugal and spain existed , thus why we tend to be quite darker , plus the sun tended to help out on that . 
  so what exactly is a native european ? 
  is it someone born in europe ? 
  someone whose ancestors are strictly european ? 
  this is an odd one for me . 
  i * mainly * have everything in us english ( spelling and localisation , super easy for me as well ) * but * when i 'm trying to learn a new language i put my laptop on that language ( dutch , right now , ohh verdomme ... ) . 
  i never put it in my native language ( portuguese ) because i speak the european dialect of it and 99 % of the tech world only has brazilian portuguese , and as for french , my keyboards are already all azerty plus i do n't use it that much anymore so ... not much use for that either .
