  right now i 'm really getting into eastern european foods , especially russian food , the world is so tasty . 
  my bulgarian friend told me about what bulgarian food usually is like , and * man * that sounds like my kind of stuff sometimes . 
   better than nl though ** fight me **  i invite you to a few beers here ( or wine ) and show you around !, 
  ok never mind the fight haha . 
  i do n't actually drink alcohol ( dunno , never liked it ) . 
   yes , minorities who would be mocked if they share their opinion publicly . 
  it 's the other way around here . 
  there is a great difference between * here * and * europe * . 
  both would be heavily disdained and hated , especially in france . 
  that 's actually good to know , i 've been thinking about visiting romania and bulgaria for a while now ( it 's cheap , it 's new and different , and the food 's real damn good , what more do you want ? 
  he is . 
  just you wait until you read his other posts in this thread . 
   i think they criticize them in ways that differ from arabic s. yes , probably because * they are not arabic to begin with * . 
   unless they think the jews did 9/11 , hitler was a hero , and they pray to god every week and ask him to destroy the jews and make their men infertile . 
  do they ? 
  we have quite a few minorities in europe who believe that , you 'd be surprised . 
   i do n't dislike jews , i type it this way for reasons i do n't know . 
  the gov blocks any urls with that word in them , so i try not to type it myself . 
  it did n't block reddit , even though it 's often around . 
  my main issue is that legally i 'd face challenges such as marriage , which for me personally it 's important . 
  plus i 'm pretty much darker than most non-southern europeans ( even romanians and bulgarians ) , i basically look like a bosnian i 've been told , and i do n't know how much of a problem that would be in more socially conservative states . 
  are you gon na ignore everything else i said ? 
  alright cool . 
   they 're not , especially when it comes to the us and isr -- ael . 
  the minority would be the liberal ones . 
  nor are french people , you ignore that french society is still quite conservative relating to social issues , but also are * very * critical of both the us and israel . 
   the levels of hatred towards the west have escalated since the war , as it is with every bad thing that happens in the world , the jews where behind the civil war . 
  this is n't an opinion held by a minority , i 'm yet to meet someone who does n't think isis is fueled by isra -- el and america . 
  like i 'm surprised ? 
  it 's a * war * in the * middle east * , is this seriously something new ? 
  plus , the us has technically funded isis as it funded al qaeda back in the days , which generated al nusra , and * guess what that generated * . 
   many of my friends are liberal , some even atheists , and yet they 're still homophobic . 
  it 's deep rooted into the culture . 
  and that is why europe does n't have your culture . 
  on a side note , do you disdain jews and israelis as well ? 
  i 've noticed that you spell jews with a lower-case letter just like you spell muslims and write isra -- el for some reason . 
   i 'm not going to discuss my english usage , lol . 
  i spell muslim without a capital letter on purpose . 
  so you misspell on purpose . 
  good job i guess ...  christianity had its reform , and it still gets criticized without anyone screaming `` bigot '' or christians assassinating critics . 
  you can not compare christians in europe to muslims in the me . 
  yeah , and europe is * not * the middle east , and the muslims here are * not * the same you have those . 
   no , i 've never been to france , so i do n't know what it 's like . 
  but i do know islam and muslims a hundred times better than any frenchman . 
  i do n't think you understand how hateful muslims in the me are towards western culture . 
  and i do n't think you understand how i actually understand * the place you are talking about considering it is my bloody country * . 
  i go there often , my family is there too , and when i say that meeting syrians is extremely rare ( as rare as meeting someone from tuvalu basically ) is because * it is * . 
   every time a terrorist attack happens in the west , people here celebrate it . 
  even my family , who 's extremely liberal and do n't practice islam praised the recent london attack . 
  yeah , and guess what again ? 
  they are a very small minority that you will never , ever , ever get rid of . 
  people also celebrated the invasion of iraq , and they also celebrated my country 's former dictator , and we even have people still praising the days of the iron curtain and , worst of all , who think that the holocaust was a * good * thing . 
   would n't you consider these numbers alarming ? 
  firstly i 'd like a source , and secondly do you know how utter crap those statistics tend to be ? 
  they perform these to middle school students via an anonymous paper and 99 % of the time they did it at my schools at least three fourths of the class lied and wrote entire crap , that including me , i did the statistics test praising stalin and the institution of communism for fun . 
  again , you describe an issue that i , * as someone who has spent years in france and even studying french society * , highly disagree with , especially based on your great `` fear '' of meeting another syrian because you assume that : 1-this is a common occurrence 2-syrians in france do not adhere to french norms themselves nor respect the rule of law 3-you will actually say you are gay and an ex-muslim to a syrian you 've just met . 
  maybe it 's best if you just * do n't * move if you 're scared of the truth, 
  yup !, 
  spain is also very progressive , maybe even more than portugal at times . 
  statistics show that the muslim communities in spain make up 4 % of the whole country 's population , but they are * highly * integrated and you do n't really notice them even half as much as , for example , in france . 
  portugal 's is even smaller , sporting just 0.1 % of their entire population ( and keep in mind that the portuguese population itself is already quite small ) . 
   i am speaking english fluently right now , am i not ? 
  100 % self taught . 
  because you have tonnes of * exposure * to english just like everyone else , but exposure to czech , hungarian , and icelandic is significantly harder , also , not really fluently i 'd say considering you keep spelling `` muslim '' with a lower-case letter and forget that prefixes to nouns and adjectives are succeeded by a hyphen ( - symbol ) . 
   i 'm not going to turn this into an islam debate , i do n't need to convince you islam is extremely homophobic , since gays were being burned alive during mohammad 's rule . 
  yeah and you can argue the same for christianity as well , but guess what ? 
  there are * civilized * muslims who support gay rights , plenty of them in fact . 
  i 've been saying i 'm gay and nobody really cares here , it 's natural and accepted and have absolutely * no * fear of ever be attacked in the least . 
   i do n't want to run into a syrian , i do n't want to run into many muslims , i want to be able to say i 'm a gay exmuslim without the fear of being killed . 
  lived in france for years , hell , i * am * french , and never met a syrian . 
  nobody is likely gon na kill you for being an ex-muslim , nobody gives a crap , you 're blowing the amount of syrians there * waaaaay * out of proportion . 
   you have imams call for the execution of exmuslims , islam critics assassinated by muslims , and polls that show an alarming number of european muslims are terrorist sympathizers/support sharia/homophobic and all different types of vile religious views . 
  yeah , and guess how many of them have * any * power over anything ... 
  the ones who do support shit are now being borderline thrown out of germany which is a trend that can start taking root in many more countries here . 
  you also have putin critics killed , yet in europe * who does n't * talk shit about the guy ? 
  and you also have tonnes of people calling for our death in isis , and even turkey 's leader said that europeans will never walk streets safely now , yet guess what ? 
  it 's still the same here . 
  you basically made your own narrative over paranoia and fear and entirely made up preconceptions on the state of affairs of european countries , so do whatever you want , but if you 're gon na ask a question i 'm gon na answer it . 
  there 's portugal , but i 'm pretty sure he wo n't like it either . 
   originally , i wanted to go to france , they teach french in schools , and i 've been studying the language on my own and gotten good at it , but with the increasing muslim population , mass immigration , and the terrorist attacks , i 'm not going to continue with language . 
  i do n't see why this is an issue , considering that speaking french is a valuable asset outside of france , and is a language also spoken in luxembourg , switzerland , and belgium . 
   i want another gay friendly city , with barely any muslims ( the punishment for leaving islam is death , let alone the fact i 'm gay too ) . 
  so you want people to be friendly with you regardless of being gay but you 're not willing to do the same with non extremist muslims ? 
  well you 're gon na have a nasty surprise then , most cities are open to both . 
  amsterdam is open to muslims that are n't extremes ( lots of them here , nothing anyone cares about ) and is very open to gay people as well . 
  if you want very small populations and gay friendliness try to aim for lisbon or porto . 
   hungary ? 
  czech ? 
  i thought about iceland but the population is way too small and the language is n't easy to learn . 
  i want to start working on the language immediately so i 'm fluent at it by the time i actually leave . 
  good luck achieving fluency on * any * language without hands-on experience , especially since the ones you 've just said are significantly difficult to learn and resources online are not enough ( duolinguo is great to learn vocabulary , but not grammar ) . 
   before you call me `` bigot '' remember that you 're a western speaking from the privilege of a first world country never having to deal with terrorists and actual islam . 
  well stop being a cunt about muslims and quit the tumblr-like `` privilege '' speech . 
  muslims are not all assholes and for you to tell me , a dude who lived in paris during the attacks , that we never had to deal with terrorists , is already pretty damn shitty of you . 
  i know a * lot * of muslims that are very open to gay people and gay rights and yet * you * decide to antagonize those too , and do like everyone else and throw fuel on fire . 
  if you do n't want to be called a bigot , then do n't be one . 
  anywhere where i would n't be welcome as a gay darker dude who loves the eu . 
  so that means that poland , bulgaria , romania etc. . . are a no-no to me . 
  well , race is an arguable thing , for some people i 'm not white outside europe yet inside europe i very much am white even if i 'm darker . 
  race has got a * lot * of grey areas and if this were based on the fact that turks are darker than other people then it would be racist , but this is assuming that turks do not count as white , which is a polarizing question sometimes .
