  the uk will have to front up to 27 other countries essentially , all of which also happen to have large degrees of trade with the uk . 
   the eu should not be so hubristic about its position and stop trying to inflict damage . 
  the eu does n't really care for damaging the uk since there 's nothing to gain from it . 
  thus far the eu is merely waiting for negotiations to begin , and most especially for the uk to get out ( because as it 's been demonstrated multiple times , the uk can get out early and strike a deal post-exit while instantly regaining all rights to its own contracts and trade deal ratification ) . 
  the uk wanting to have a say on elements that will not include it is not at all in the cards . 
  when you marry someone and then divorce , do you control what that person 's projects are for after the divorce papers are signed ? 
  you do not , you merely work on having a divorce and then each go off on your merry way . 
  the same applies here : the uk has a say over any and all elements that will affect its 2-year stay , but will have no say over anything that will not concern it . 
   we 'd both be better off with a free trade deal . 
  that 's what everybody on both sides already agreed upon , yet this leaves many questions unanswered . 
  how will northern ireland 's border work , for example ? 
  what right will british students all over the eu now have ( eu students pay 2 000 $ per year here , non-eu students pay 8 000 $ or more and require additional documentation ) ? 
  what will happen to the pensions of the british citizens that moved to other countries such as spain ? 
  negotiations have barely started to give out answers , and may 's position is n't that reliable ( promised not to call for snap elections , suddenly does , and even decided to use eu citizens in the uk as , and i quote , `` bargaining chips '' ) . 
  a trades deal is inevitable , it 's the most logical outcome for both sides , but the terms of other eu benefits are probably going to get revoked , resulting in uk citizens losing multiple rights , whereas eu citizens only lose their application in the uk itself ( should it even come to that ) . 
  like about 1.10 $ depending on the flavor, 
  i 've got framboos and banaan-aardbei vla , one litre each , how much chebureki can i get for this ? 
  i 'll trade them for some delicious kroket , or some vla !, 
  i was not expecting tom cruise but jesus christ that was funny . 
   what enemies do we have now that we did n't before ? 
  seriously ? 
  trump was doing what the us people asked for , renegotiating international trade deals to better favor us interests over `` the global comunity \u2122 '' none , yet you are clearly alienating age old allies and isolating the us bit by bit , inch by inch . 
  if a better dialogue is not established then the us will slowly but surely erode its already very good relationships with parts all over the world . 
   and i have nothing but questions about the sawdust thing you seemed to pull out of your ass , including but not limited to : where ? 
  when ? 
  how much ? 
  is it actually bad to do?how much did trump actually have to do with this ? 
  was this done before ? 
  how many times ? 
  under who 's administration ? 
  [ takes one google search to find all sorts of things about this ] ( http://www.salon.com/2017/02/21/lies-and-pollution-trump-loyalists-are-willing-to-poison-their-bodies-as-well-as-their-minds/ ) this man so far has not protected the interests of american citizens , just considering his gross remarks about several of his opponents . 
  i see absolutely no interest on a man who claims to respect the usa yet tarnishes its reputation by attempting a muslim ban ( yet not banning countries from which infamous terrorists whom attacked america came from ) as well as [ absolutely shamelessly lying , potentially even deliberately , to whoever hears ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/06/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-media-not-reporting-terrorism-a/ ) this is , of course , how he 's switched facettes more often than a pancake and italy in a world war combined , as shown ( again ) by this article . 
   that is a rose tinted portrayal of the eurozone economy . 
  what i said was factual , and i see no counter argument based on fact from your side . 
   you are n't actually in a position of strength in this and the budgets do not legally bind us to pay a penny once we have left , the eu laws do bind the eu to not discriminate against member that is still in and still paying . 
  the exiting negotiations are simple , if you refuse to pay then you therefore accept to sacrifice any and all benefits of the union , so by all means , leave and spare us the havoc and the constant stories . 
   brussels is n't so sanguine about their budget being slashed , the `` plan to do it later '' was never meant to be implemented . 
  so far all other goals have been implemented , yet you believe that this one is not ? 
   the eu is acting in the most exploitative manner it can out of a demented belief that it will either pressure us to reverse course or scare others into staying . 
  the eu is literally behaving according to treaties , the most recent signed over a decade ago , the same treaties the uk signed and ratified and has held up on its word for ages . 
  the uk has had a great deal of say in its writing , yet now the uk complains . 
   it is rapidly tarnishing its image and making the worst charges of euroskeptics look true . 
  which is ? 
   whatever the cost , being out of it is looking worth it . 
  glad you 're happy then . 
   the leader of america wants the american people 's interests first and foremost , how is that not clear ? 
  ... yeah , that sure as fuck did n't happen when he authorized american companies to dump sawdust into running bodies of water . 
   with regard to the interests of the eu , the uk , the asian countries , the middle eastern countries , the african countries , the south american countries , and any where else ... we are ambivalent to your existence and will help or hurt you based on what is best for the us that 's what is expected of you , but you 've got a joke as a president who ca n't decide what he 's going to do , so instead of deciding who to cooperate with and who to reject , he is just making enemies all over . 
  you would be surprised , there are a lot of illegal marijuana producers that used dangerous chemicals to enhance their produce , and once consumed can be very dangerous . 
  no joke . 
  regulation is key here , weed must be produced safely for consumption . 
  genuinely jealous . 
  i like the dutch system : you can fully buy it and consume it freely , however it is still tightly controlled and taxed . 
  best of both worlds , and also very much safer than a ban , turning consumers from going through illegal channels that can be far more dangerous and instead provide safe and regulated places for grown adults to enjoy . 
   yes , like every other member state except the benefits stop now and the bills keep coming ? 
  you signed the treaties and accepted the conditions of payment . 
  you renounced benefits of your own accord and turned your back to the union , and as the treaties that your government signed say , there are responsabilities for payments that shall continue until the moment you leave . 
  keep in mind that it is possible for the uk to leave the eu officially and legally in * less than 24 hours * yet everybody knows that this will be the most destructive decisions . 
   you want a trade war , we will be a super charged tax haven for all your rich arseholes . 
  i 'd rather be friends than enemies , but rather fight dirty than just roll over for those who are n't interested in being fair . 
  so the uk should negotiate on contracts that do not concern it in the least ? 
  it should have a say in a soon to be foreign union of states ? 
  the uk has made a choice to leave and leave it will , with it , the uk will have to take all its say in any eu decisions . 
  if you want a trade war it would be very easy to entirely decimate the northern irish economy , tax heavily over half of british exports making them far less attractive , and even rethink current arrangements for certain productions of high end products such as planes , or even a lot of low end ones such as fruit . 
  not to mention , you want to diminish the uk into nothing but a tax haven ? 
  turn it into a corpse for tax evasion instead of a powerful world industry ? 
  that 's quite sad from my perspective . 
   leave a massive hole in the eu budget , cause a banking crisis across the eurozone , cause more job losses on the continent than here and treat the chaos as a ladder . 
  the eu budget will be downgraded , that is a given , however remind yourself that it was already the goal to reduce the budget by 2020 , so the uk leaving only accelerates the process . 
  as for the eurozone , i 'm pretty sure that you will be sorry to hear that the uk will not really affect the euro itself since it has an entire opt-out on the whole project and has absolutely no say over the european central bank , furthermore the economies of portugal , ireland , spain , france , and italy have started to readdress themselves from the past crisis and move forward . 
  as for job losses , well , i can assure you that between a whole continent whose economies have been growing quite steadily in recent years and an island whose lost in economic uncertainty over extremely unclear and vague promises to leave the world 's biggest market , it is easy to make a decision about that ; not to mention that unemployment overall is going down again , and i assure you that the uk 's employees in companies that belong to eu holders , such as southern railways , could very easily be affected by brexit , and also eu/british workers that have chosen to live elsewhere . 
   and i voted remain . 
  irrelevant . 
  you still ignore britain 's responsibilities and rights as per the laws that britain itself co-authored and signed in the long years it 's been part of the union . 
  i 'd rather have a constructive and correct relationship , but to merely ignore british loss of rights and potential failure to upkeep its word on key treaties is not on the table . 
  the uk should not and shall not have a say over contracts that will not concern it , the uk ( if it wishes to uphold a close relationship with the eu ) will keep its word regarding contributions and rights , the uk will merely have to make tough decisions . 
  brexit means brexit , just as much as eu rules mean eu rules . 
  so instead of constantly ignoring them , respect them for the sake of both sides, 
  let 's play a game !, 
  we 'll all name things that flip-flop less than trump , i 'll start : cookin ' pancakes, 
   why ? 
  it will cost them money to move to a less desirable location . 
  imagine that the bank of england 's headquarters are not in the uk . 
  see how silly that sounds ? 
  not to mention , the institution would probably be endangered outside the eu , since by then the british government can do whatever it wishes to it afterwards with no supervision of the eu ( raid it or even tax it more heavily ) . 
   they could save their money and stay in their number one choice . 
  the uk is no longer a `` number one choice '' for anything eu-related . 
  you 're leaving it to begin with . 
  eu institutions should remain in the eu . 
  pretty sure that 's obvious . 
  i thought it * was * the gherkin and it was just a thumbnail, 
   we helped eu set up their european court of law the eu and the ecj are two separate entities , having no rule over each other . 
  the uk did as much to contribute to the ecj as france , germany , the netherlands , etc. . . 
  so i 'm glad you helped the same court that has ruled against britain for knowingly ignoring customs security over international imports of goods . 
   greece and italy give more rights to their workers only for it back fire when the eu asks us to follow them considering the past status of the workers of these countries , and also that both countries very knowingly agreed to treaties setting minimum standards for workers ' conditions and rights . 
  but i guess since it came from the eu it 's evil . 
  in the case of the uk obviously this was different as you can read on the actual final conclusions of the case , it was concluded that minimum requirements of the treaties in question were already being met , but not in the conventional way since the united kingdom has a very different law system , so it did n't really backfire , it just saved some paperwork . 
   haha makes me warm and fuzzy inside thinking about how we still have the ability to force our law onto other countries and let some else deal with the fall out  sure , everyone does . 
  the sole difference is that now , without access to eu policy making , the uk no longer will have much influence over the rule of the union ; no say on any further deals or advancements of integration or even regulations ( that very easily can affect half of the uk 's exports on a whim ) the second you are out . 
  to that , i bid to you adieu from the union .
