  sorry , i 'm a bit confused but it looks fun . 
  unfortunately i think some politicians actually have reached powerful positions , both in the past and the present ... 
  i mean just in europe we 've got viktor obran who has said some troubling things before ... 
  you get an upvote merely because i want this written on my t-shirt , it 's pretty funny . 
  i honestly pay less and less attention to this whole british issue , but truth be said i found that eye-opening . 
  although i think that the independent is biased as hell , it 's true that rudd ( and a healthy number of other politicians ) are saying things extremely close to mein kampf . 
  i remember seeing an article about marine lepen and trump and hitler having random quotes scrambled , and they all sounded like hitler . 
  i think that due to the rise of racism in britain , her speech was just even more inflamatory and if they go ahead with that , then it 's all just downhill from that . 
  * england and wales let 's keep scotland , northern ireland and gibraltar with us , they 're nice fellas ( and only ireland hates england more than they do ), 
  i was just about to post about this . 
  i do remember that discussion with a mexican guy just popping by to say hello . 
  today i just woke up and saw europe turned into mexico and was like `` what the fuck is going on here on this day ? '' . 
  i actually appreciate the funny side of this reddit a lot more than i give it credit for , hahah . 
  also , for future reference , i 'm including a [ screenshot ] ( http://imgur.com/a/0iv4d ) for any other members that were late to the fiesta to see . 
  oh trust me , unfortunately there are a lot of them around . 
  trump , lepen , farage , wilders ( my personal favourite ) , etc. . . 
  they just all speak different languages but with the same amount of ignorance , spite , and venom in their tongues . 
  i already can guess the vile utterances that came out of his mouth , but i do n't really know what he said directly about the four pillars , so care to share ? 
  she and the typical people who vote for her see it as a gateway and a liability , yet never aknowledge the fact that the people who attacked paris were born in france and were french citizens ... 
  unfortunately i 've heard tonnes of complaints about how the schengen space is a huge risk but people do not seem to understand that this danger is closer than they think . 
  so far she 's been anything but precise , to the point that portuguese people ( myself included ) really felt like she really did n't want us there , though she said he had no problem with us ( although i do n't believe her ) . 
  she wants france 100 % french , and though she focuses on non-eu migration because of the terrorist attacks , past speeches and even current measures she promises to take suggest she 's also trying to get rid of eu migration . 
  unfortunately in france , due to the recent attacks , there are a lot of questions regarding it right now , which in turn benefit lepen ( who already admires may somehow and calls as loud as her lungs can for a frexit ) . 
  even though i 'm pretty sure france is not stupid enough to go for it, 
  haha , thank you !, 
  i hope you enjoy the number as much as i did , i ended up calling like 4 times xd i once talked to a finnish woman living in malm\u00f6 too through that number , so who knows , you might find a fellow finn !, 
  i lived in france for the past 5 years , so there 's not much point on calling the french number , but i have called the swedish number and i absolutely love it , it 's a great way to just ask what life is like in sweden , and also a great way to have a nice chat too . 
  they did , the swedish had the swedish number for a while now ( works great btw ! ) . 
  i 'm actually really happy to see another country doing this , i think it 's a super fun idea !, 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  try translating languages from eastern europe . 
  the slavic ones * mostly * work but translating hungarian , finnish , estonian , latvian , and lithuanian with a thing that basic ... well it ai n't gon na happen . 
  it barely translates european portuguese to begin with . 
  waterboarding at guantanamo bay sounds like a very fun time if you have no idea what those things are . 
  how much light do i need to reflect ? 
  if i 'm not reflective enough , should i buy some toothpaste ( since they fix eeeeverything nowadays ) or some flashlights ? 
  maybe tin foil ? 
  man , visiting the us is getting more expensive ... 
  i brought you a quote from the minister of foreign affairs and cooperation of spain , in a speech made directly about scotland that is easily retrievable online , where he constantly indicates that spain has no plans to veto scottish ascension into the eu should it fill all requirements to do so . 
  what do you want spain ( or any country ) to say ? 
  `` we fully support scottish independence '' is a statement that * no matter who says it * is going to have a huge backlash from the uk and that is the last thing we 'd need right now . 
   based on a democratic vote with clear and well-informed campaigning was i not clear enough ? 
  i do n't care which outcome is the one to come on and about , but i * do * believe that it has been a damn long time since 2007 ( a decade ) and if this is * still * a thing then maybe there should be a way for the citizens of catalonia to choose . 
  mate , the limits of europe are conventioned [ as such ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#/media/file:europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg ) and chechnya happens to be [ above the demarkation line that limits the caucasus ] ( https://i1.wp.com/www.towleroad.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/chechnya.jpeg?resize=740%2c411 ) i think that maybe it 's time you read up about the conceptualization of europe itself , how continents were created and how these limits were made , there 's are two very good books that will let you know all about it : a concise history of modern europe by david s. manson and national thought in europe by joep leerssen . 
  i mean , i 've been studying european studies in amsterdam and it is pretty much an undebated notion that the limits of europe are these , the countries that generally are debatably european or not are turkey , cyprus , and malta , whereas russia is very much in europe due to its political , economic , and cultural ties . 
  if you want to argue against it then draw up a map of what for you truly counts as europe , and explain your reasons to draw it like that . 
  edit : nice of you to go back on what you just said and add up some stuff to your commentary , but i 'm still gon na address it . 
  oh wait nevermind , the answer i already gave you that you have n't responded to pretty much still covers everything  absolutely , asia is pretty bad as a whole . 
  the good , developed , wealthy parts of asia are a minority , mind you . 
  so you are saying that an economic minority in asia can still belong to asian , but an economic half of the continent in europe can not be european ? 
  again , draw up a line on a map and justify yourself . 
  lazy way out then ? 
  not even a comment on the quote ? 
  not even remotely surprised . 
  the netherlands did not legalize gay equality until 2001 , and in some countries this has yet to be a reality . 
  like it or not europe includes what you eloquently call `` shitholes '' and you do not get to just cut borders wherever you arbitrarily want . 
  chechnya is in europe just like we are , just like slovenia is , just like spain is , we 're all in this one place . 
  can we seriously just say that north korea is n't in asia because it 's far too shitty ? 
  is it really that hard to just not to ever meet love in your life and renounce your own nature because of horrid discrimination reminiscent of nazi times where literally millions were butchered for little to no reason ? 
  if scotladn meets requirements then spain will let them in , that is what spain has been saying since 2014 and has not changed . 
  so far * nobody * in europe with a more official position has been saying that they want an independent scotland because scotland may not be independent at all since we are still waiting to have another referendum on it , plus we are about to enter 2 years of negotiations with the uk so it is best for all sides that we do n't start supporting independence openly ( why do you think that sturgeon got such a cold shoulder in the eu ? ) . 
  `` follow all requirements and we will let you in '' is literally the same shit these meps just said , so i still have no idea what you want them to say more , unless you want eu memberstates to talk shit about the uk and before you know it we will start seeing even more escalations , just look at all the bullshit that was spewed about gibraltar . 
  then what exactly do you want the spanish state to say , that they fully support the scottish independence movement ? 
  hell , i know about loads of spanish politicians in different communities who have , and the spanish meps have never really demonstrated any attempt to deter scottish ascension post-independence should their independence not be unilateral . 
  what do you want more ? 
  a momument to scotland in the centre of madrid ? 
  nobody knows if scotland is going to secede and nobody wants to be that guy who is going to become the british boogeyman for supporting what the media over there can very easily call `` motions to destroy the uk '' . 
  these meps did the same thing spain did , admit that scotland would be welcome in the eu should it meet requirements . 
  if you want more , just call up your local spanish embassy see if they can arrange something . 
  i do n't really feel strongly towards neither outcome for a referendum that is taken seriously and whose result is respected , but i want this issue to be put to bed and the citizens of catalonia ( whatever their identity between spanish or catalan is ) to have a say on their own future . 
  i think a lot of eu countries would support through negotiations and even possible eu ascension ( it is * very * easy to fast-track an independent scotland into the eu for the same exact reasons catalonia would be ) . 
  scotland can * legally * leave the uk , and should these conditions be met then it is far more straight forward . 
  the uk has more openness and dialogue , as well as legal procedures for a scottish independence eventuality . 
  catalonia on the other hand can not * legally * secede from spain ... and spain happens to be an eu member , so the eu ca n't really do anything that is `` against '' spain , and from what i can see/hear/read , spain has a far less open dialogue about catalan independence , and even a constitutional block to any * legal * means of seceding from the spanish state . 
  the eu is very dependent on its member states ' wishes , and spain * seriously * does not accept any further pushes for catalan independence , whereas the uk seems to not mind to be more open about scottish independence . 
  i personally believe that catalonia deserves a way out of spain * peacefully and legally * if it is based on a democratic vote with clear and well-informed campaigning , but the truth is that the eu ca n't really do shit about catalonia if spain does n't open up to the point the uk has ; not to mention that this is all excluding the fact that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  it was n't back then , and france was a founding member of the ecsc and later the eec . 
  i am not at all sure how schengen affects non-european territories under european jurisdiction , like how sint maarten/saint martin works . 
  the spanish government already announced * multiple times with multiple spokespeople * that it would * not * veto scottish ascension under the condition that scotland achieves independence * legally * and is n't unilaterally a declaration of independence . 
  seriously , this has been a tale as old as 2014 now . 
  the lisbon treaty dates from 2007 , countries whom have joined * before * it can not be forced into certain parts of it without consent . 
  ireland and the uk were notably given an opt-out on schengen for example . 
  * check my flair , the ocean ai n't fucking with us *, 
  very true , i watch it quite often for just general news . 
  nos is more complete , but my dutch is a bit limited so i prefer rtlnieuws since it 's more general and basic . 
  me too , saves me a few euros and trips to the grocery store whenever i need some salt for cooking . 
  the ocean is quite jealous of this to be honest . 
  sure home the heck not , that would be a bit like the sopranos where it just cuts to black . 
  let 's hope it ends in a real damn cool way , like the ending to man of u.n.c.l.e. 
  ( no spoilers , but seriously that movie was pretty fun ), 
  now i 'm having goodbye lenin flashbacks ... 
  i feel like every once in a while in history there are always some governments that pop up for a decade or so to generate as much r/nottheonion content as they can dish out . 
  the us and the uk are vibrant in this mid/late 2010 's season are n't they ? 
  the season finale sure looks promising . 
  i did , and the two are still not comparable in my opinion . 
  you posted your opinion so i 'd like for you to explain it , because i can not really look up something you just * said * will happen since there 's no real sources saying `` the eu will collapse for the same reasons czechoslovakia dissolved '' . 
  your choice to explain it or not , really , but it 's a bit lazy to just say `` look it up '' when it 's an opinion . 
  i do n't mind that one bit , my main wish is for the brits to be better represented by their government , brexit or not . 
  as a `` dago '' as you eloquently call us , you * are * aware that what you said is an utter farce right ? 
  the anglosaxons cared about us and reported terrorism as they saw it .
