  i do wonder : if/when there is a referendum , and if the yes-campaign says `` we will have to use the euro '' , would you think that scottish voters would still prefer to join the eu or remain part of the uk ? 
  i do n't really know much about what scotland 's ideals are , what exactly would be * the * dream situation for scotland ? 
  ... well actually , if you read up on the reasons which made the euro really a political priority , the currency markets were already a huge concern before germany reunited . 
  the deutschmark was so powerful due to germany 's economy , that the guilder was basically just following it without any say at all . 
  when germany reunited and became an even bigger economy , the euro was put into gear as a priority to make sure that * all * participants get a fairer say on currency valuation and follow one common ( neutral ) rule rather than just copying germany forcefully . 
   between 2004 and 2005 ... again , they merely were separate for that period and gained a name for themselves . 
  their actions existed before , and still exist today ...  sure and do things like establish airbnb need to pay same income tax as regular renting . 
  end gold visas for properties or at least in some areas ( but keep it for jobs created ) . 
  create subsidized student lodging , a lot more . 
  out of the eu property owners to be slightly more municipal tax . 
  make evictions for non payment a lot easier and faster ( that is something which removes properties from regular renting and puts those in airbnb also ) . 
  this all sound like very good measures that should be good and easy to implement but the reality is that subsidization will raise portugal 's deficit spending in a time that it * just * got back into the 2 % standard ... plus , raising taxes will likely create a less attractive market and thus generate less interest in portugal ( happened before in france and * my god * did people get fired like a horrid season of the apprentice ) . 
  as for airbnb control , i am full-on for it , however the nature of the exact service ( like uber ) is so recent that there is still to be any legislation , and as a result there is no cases that demonstrate current law application , and outlawing the practice ( fully or partially ) will likely be met with * a lot * of backlash . 
   edit - just to add , i did not contest it because i did not see the point , but i can \u00b4 t even think of which airport in setubal you flew frequently to years ago . 
  are you talking about tires ? 
  i corrected what i said in another comment , i merely got confused with an air base that was sometimes used by tap express ( back when it was still called portug\u00e0lia like the restaurant ) . 
  it 's no longer possible to do anything of the sort . 
  * secret story et les anges * ** oh may the gods be merciful on thee **, 
  the internet has ruined me yet again : i read `` austria '' as `` australia '', 
  eh , i prefer the current finnish one to be honest , it sounds more happy and cheerful . 
  the finlandia hymn sounds a bit too much like something for a medieval movie or something , just dramatic and whatnot . 
   i am supposed to be aware of a ministery which according to you is currently doing lots of things , and which only existed between 2004 and 2005 ? 
  dude , we have many ministeries , and some appear and disappear . 
  that one does not really register . 
  ministries do n't really just `` disappear '' they are absorbed and competences are transposed onto other existing legal infrastructure . 
  the minist\u00e9rio do turismo had quite a hefty ( though through the principle of subsidiarity ) role in portugal 's economic redevelopment after then 90s . 
  these powers and organizations have not gone anywhere , they merely are under a different name ( seriously they have n't even changed offices ) . 
   i did not say that . 
  i am going to reread what i wrote . 
  my objections are solely to people actually living in portugal ( lisbon ) and paying income tax in other countries or not at all . 
  see what i wrote here ? 
  if that is the case , then you 'll feel relieved to know that they already do ... 
  it is not possible to reside somewhere and not pay taxes in the eu . 
  though i do agree that i misread what you wrote ( sorry about that )  nope , but it \u00b4 s already becoming a problem trust me . 
  and thus the appropriate response is not to want to go full-ham on it and want fixed pricing for housing to prevent it or make foreign investment more complicated . 
  the better correct approach is to make sure that it does not get worse , stabilize the situation , but also ensure the growth and economic stability and viability of the city 's structure , and * then * start applying a long-term correction . 
   i googled it , there was only a minist\u00e9rio do turismo for about a year from 2004 to 2005 . 
  i don \u00b4 t really recall it . 
  turismo de portugal is very old . 
  then you also must have came across how they were assimilated then , and how they continue to operate today . 
   residents in portugal , which are using portuguese infrastructure such as roads , hospitals , sewers , emergency systems , counting on portuguese police to keep them safe , yeah i think they should be paying portuguese income tax . 
  portuguese citizens working abroad should imo obviously pay income taxes to where they are living and working . 
  if you are registered in portugal then yes you should pay taxes to portugal , if you are * not * registered then you can not benefit from hospitals at all nor other services . 
  also , why do you think that i should pay taxes to a country i moved away from , after years of being unhappy in it ? 
  what obligation do i owe portugal ? 
  portugal no longer contributes anything to me directly thus i am not to be made obligated to contribute anything to it either . 
   that is absolutely fine with me . 
  my point is due to remote working a lot of people are delocalizing their taxes and axctual residence which is a problem imo . 
  plus the tax exemptions for foreign retirees . 
  that is my issue . 
  no , your problem is that you believe that any economic activity in portugal must benefit the portuguese state but ignore that the state and the economy are two different yet intimately related elements . 
  portugal has a significant economic advantage already with retirees from abroad because guess what ? 
  * they spend funds in portugal and pay vat on any single thing , and since they are not portuguese citizens they rely on their ehics for health , thus their state pays * , it literally is like having someone who just * vomits * money and then dies . 
   too much can be a problem . 
  consider vancouver and other canadian cities . 
  i 'm aware , though you should know that lisbon is not at all at that level . 
  extremes of everything is bad , but the fact is that if at least we could have better working infrastructure in the greater lisbon region we would have a * hell * of a lot less problems , even if through foreign investment ( look at gvb for examples ) . 
   i know a bit about both , and it \u00b4 s not that bad either yet , but then again neither is local purchasing power , and that is another factor growing a lot the real estate market . 
  it \u00b4 s still cheaper !, 
  and presumably safer , and nicer weather , and nice infrastructure or at least better than dublin . 
  and if lisbon needs more public transportation nevermind dublin . 
  and regarding paris at least perceived as safer and not talking just about terrorism but robberies and such . 
  i lived in paris and i can tell you that no , it does not feel unsafe in the least , it feels very much on-par with lisbon . 
  as for prices , if you take a look at key locations such as universities or big office centres you will see the same exact trend in lisbon , but even more amplified , because that 's just what happens . 
  why is this not a problem in paris and the netherlands ? 
  because the employers and/or government provide help to make transportation affordable and widely available . 
  i worked in different * cities * and never really had any issues with it , just take a train and off i go . 
   it costs a lot of money which cames from taxpayers . 
  that is the problem . 
  and here we are all replying to a guy objecting to portugal supposedly spending 50 million in a festival !, 
  portugal 's economy is growing and it is ( finally ) recovering from the 2008 disaster . 
  if it continues to reduce deficit at the same rate , it might actually hit a surplus that can be reinvested internally . 
  not to mention that portugal also receives a lot of cohesion funds destined for infrastructure development of its poorer regions , and some could be applied to developing green and plentiful railways for all of its inhabitants . 
   it does not exist . 
  if you mean turismo de portugal , that is something else . 
  i do not , i mean the ministry that existed until 2005 and then was taken under the minist\u00e9rio da economia ...  a lot of people doing remote work are not tax registered in portugal . 
  they are not paying irs or social security contributions . 
  the property will pay tax indeed , and that is the stuff which goes to the city budget but will pay the same tax , be evaluated at the same rate , no matter who occupies it . 
  ... taxes are paid by employers as they give out the cheque ... what the hell ? 
  do you expect * everyone * ever to pay taxes to portugal ? 
  since when did we become the us ? 
  also , keep in mind the thousands of portuguese seasonal workers all over the continent , especially since portugal is * the * country with the highest elevated number of its citizens abroad . 
  this is literally just the common market at work , you pay taxes where you live . 
   also rich people want houses in nice central neighborhoods , which btw are also the houses where offices and institutions are . 
  housing is finite there , the portuguese people can \u00b4 t compete financially with them and so need to move to the next `` ring '' so to speak , and so on and so on and then comute to work or university . 
  but lisbon geography is particularly assimetric , the old v of the subway because it is limited by the river on one side and can a lot be difficult to cross from say fogueteiro to expo without going through the center . 
  it congests traffic . 
  it totally changes the feel of neighbourhoods as well . 
  university students are quite fucked and this is a big problem , because lisbon universities are some of the best in portugal and , as a society , we should profit from making students be able to afford to go to the best university they can get into . 
  but if a rooms costs the same as minimum wage , a lot of students will go to worse universities or not at all and there will be a filter of only the wealthy ones can afford to live in lisbon . 
  so you 'd rather have less foreign investment ? 
  lisbon 's transportation system is the problem , not its housing competitive market ( if you think lisbon is that bad you are * not * ready to hear about paris or dublin ) . 
  if you believe that contact with the institutions installed in lisbon from outsiders is fucked then it is a transport problem , because obviously everyone would * love * to live in the dead centre of a city but the fact is that the closer you get to the most attractive place the more expensive it gets . 
  should there be a better transportation offer as well as better government support for students in particular , perhaps we would n't even be having a discussion in the least . 
  take a look at the netherlands : my friend lived in a shite place near friesland , yet she also studied in amsterdam , because the government provides free transportation for students . 
  thus she did n't need to move to the city and could stay home , all while enjoying full freedom to study anywhere in the country . 
  lisbon on the other hand is already mishandled since the cp is not at all at the same level as ns ( even though it really should ) and transportation infrastructure is still lacking , thus creating so much debate . 
   i am not sure which minist\u00e9rio you are talking about , and yeah obviously all municipalities will want a share of tourism . 
  i think stuff like montes da lua was incredibly sucessful and they are taking more and more things under their umbrella in other locations . 
  but it \u00b4 s a different legal entity and they do not get much state funding .
