  this sounds like what would happen to the netherlands if geert wilders got into power ... oranje this oranje that everything must be extremely dutch or exterminated . 
  all you own and your dignity if you 're our type . 
  what happens to them ? 
  ( sorry bit lazy to read/doing uni assignments ), 
  i kinda like just biting them out and eating them . 
  * the secret to not feeling pain is letting the darkness fully absorb you as you give in to the cripling burden of existential pain *, 
  nor should n't you . 
  i honestly felt this coming a km away . 
  really ? 
  i find them pretty simple to eat , and pretty tasty too . 
  sole reason i do n't really eat 'em more often is their price . 
  i already promised a danish friend who moved to the uk * days after the brexit vote * that if he ever gets in trouble he can move in with me for a while in amsterdam while we figure something out ... 
  * i 've got the hardest brexit right now ... *, 
  well , if trump wins , we 're gon na have * american refugees * god i feel dirty just saying that . 
  i 'd laugh for a few days ... and then ... * i 'd cry horribly as i think about my poor american friends *, 
  i honestly ca n't be with my soul in heaven * without * a dick in there to be honest ... 
  the british people are tired of * experts * we will make * breakfast * brexit will be a * titanic * success i collect these phrases tbh, 
  what did they say to defend her ? 
  [ quite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6f6m90bbcu4 ), 
  england has a * very * mixed religious population . 
  and religion has highly lost its pedastle in society nowadays , england is a great example of this as , for example , the queen no longer has an extremely high need for religious justification , and instead she 's accepted by british tradition . 
  denmark is a peculiar case as polls suggest danes themselves believe in more secular decisions by the state and church attendance is * very * low . 
  greece 's `` not-secular '' status resumes itself to having a constitution declaring the eastern orthodox church the prevailing one in greece ( does n't really go far further than that ) . 
  iceland also has a state church , but much like denmark and greece , the actual power of the church is much more symbolic . 
  iceland is even in the top 10 most atheist countries in the world . 
  * although * the reverse could also be argued : secular democracies can also be very heavily influenced by religion . 
  democracy gives power to ultimately the people , and if the people are religious , so will be the government . 
  being secular or not ultimately is a matter of official matters , what * does * truly matter is the decisions and actions taken . 
  that is , in the end , why a non-secular place like the examples you mentioned can have freedom , and other places , like somalia , do not . 
  [ we will make breakfast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnem0kcwo3y ), 
  yeah , they already had their plans set up and they really had no way to turn back ... brexit is gon na happen sooner or later , but let 's just hope like hell it 's * later * and * softer * than just suddenly jumping out the eu . 
  do * not * tell a frenchman he had too much wine , he clearly has n't had enough !, 
  breakfast ? 
  enjoy !, 
  i do n't know , i just ask generally which part of the uk they are from . 
  i have some friends who moved in * after * the brexit as well ... oh dear . 
  if you want a cheerful tune , listen to auferstandem aus ruinen , i find it * very * inspiring as a song ^ ( its just a shame about its history ), 
   no , we do n't burn witches or kill people for blasphemy . 
  islam has not changer very much . 
  islam is still a barbaric and unfair religion . 
  yet we still decided to kill jews not that long ago without religion , not to mention the whole yugoslav wars . 
  we kill each other for other reasons nowadays , that 's the true change . 
  islam has changed , and if you go to , say casablanca and talk to the muslims there , they are n't at all as extreme as you 'd think . 
   a lot of nations that have a majority christian population are secular . 
  because christians do not take their religion as litterarly or serious as muslims do . 
  thats why you see a lot of islamic countries with sharia laws and religiously motivated terrorism . 
  there is christian terroristm/extremism , but not on the same level as islamic terrorism/extremism . 
  i do n't truly think that 's the sole reason why crhistian majority countries are secular , there are a * lot * more factors that have helped those developments , and staying secular is a very mixed subject because for example , romania is supposed to be secular , but religion ( as you 'd guess ) still occupies a very important central role in society and domestic politics . 
  hell , the sole country i truly think managed to ever be 100 % secular is east germany ...  you are oversimplifying it . 
  certain religions like certain ideologies are more harmful than others . 
  religion does not represent race or skin color . 
  i do n't think i am , ideologies are always dangerous no matter which ones they are . 
  extremism in any ideology whatso ever , no matter just how peaceful or how `` harmless '' it may seem is always dangerous , islam is not an exception nor is any other religion for that matter . 
  i remember hearing my grandfather speak about why spain must be eradicated ( he grew up in * very * different times , so that 's what he was always taught ) and it shows that the mere idea of `` different than us '' is enough to start more and more of these acts . 
  islam is one of the biggest religions and it 's * very * easy to create this idea of `` the other '' as an enemy when you mention conflicts like afghanistan 's situations and such , thus making it more common . 
  think also that during the dark ages , the islamic world was thriving , and europe was regarded as `` the shit place '' . 
  so history moves on and obviously standards do as well , but claiming islam itself is a huge dangerous ideology is n't really correct , it 's just as powerful ( or powerless ) as any other religion . 
  the one i was talking about is actually danish ( he moved there about 6 months ago to london ) . 
  but i have english and scottish friends still in the uk as well . 
  i 've never met anyone from wales nor from northern ireland ... weird . 
  oh hush , the owl is more than used to it by now . 
  one effordless way to at least try and keep that little bit active ( and slooowly seep in more vocabulary in it ) is watch kids ' tv shows or learn german songs ( and their translation ), 
  it 's never too late to learn !, 
  it 's actually quite fun , specially watching german films . 
  try duolinguo , it 'll give you a pretty good base to start with . 
  * bad poland , bad bad poland * . 
  fire inspired we threeead, 
  true , please do n't leave us , my friend lives there and we like exchanging gifts every now and then . 
  no religion is the same since the dark ages though , islam has changed since as well . 
  christianity is not that benign at all , it 's the same to me , as proven by , for example , the shootings of planned parenthood clinics in the usa . 
  the sole difference is that christianity is present , and we * know * we are n't at all like that , whereas with islam , since it seems a lot more distant and unknown in europe , it 's easy to just say `` oh it 's always bad '' because that 's the majority we hear from it . 
  religion can be considered dangerous , no matter which one it is , there 's no religion that is more nor less benign than the other , what * is * entirely the reason behind this is the use of religion as a cover for these horrid acts . 
  keep going slovenia still has a * lot * of roman culture present , such as for example the foundation of emona , celeia and poetovio . 
  i some the popcorn of your reserve . 
  ... between latvia and estonia , where it always was . 
  and where did the germans got it from ? 
  also , on another word , what about ethymology ? 
  or symbolism , or even architecture , etc. . . face it : slovene culture has been affected by roman culture just as much as german , french , english , swedish , etc. . . cultures . 
  i love you southern brabant < 3, 
  do i win a free kroket ? 
  i really could go for one right now . 
  i do n't think islam was the foundation for turkish democracy at all . 
  the fact that this tyrant is tearing it appart is not based on islam either . 
  islam is just being used yet again as a scapegoat , just like we would use the word `` communism '' and `` socialism '' during the heights of the cold war . 
  turkey is fucked nowadays , but it 's not because of islam , it 's because of edrogan and his greedy manoeuvres to gain more power and turn turkey into a dictatorship . 
  i 'm not dutch ( moved here 3 months ago ) but what exactly is this `` belgium '' you speak of ? 
  do you mean southern brabant ? 
  i 've visited portugal , spain , france , germany , and the netherlands . 
  probably gon na visit czechia ( aka my slight crush as of recently ) , and lithuania in a year or so . 
  i 'd consider bosnia & herzegovina a pretty free country . 
  same goes for the direction turkey was headed * before * edrogan . 
  all overly religious countries are bound to be constraint , that 's a norm , but there 's a whole wall of escalation saying that muslim countries = dictatorships , it 's no different for others . 
  name one non-secular country where there 's freedom . 
  who assimilated it from ... ? 
  yes , because this sort of thing is exclusive to islam . 
  salazar , franco , tito , hitler , etc. . . all muslims right ? 
  nationalist dictatorships are unfortunately something that can happen to every single part of the world , even sweden . 
  i reserve the right to have some of your popcorn . 
  a breton word for apple !,
