  fine by me , take the rallies there , i do n't want them anywhere near the netherlands . 
   nobody wants to fuck the scottish , especially not me . 
  yet you are basically * dragging * them out of the eu . 
   you contradict yourself . 
  in the eu the will of the majority wins , it 's democracy . 
  in my union it is the same . 
  every country also has the power of veto remember ? 
  and also there are opt-outs * and * compromises made , it is by far * not * an all-or-nothing system like the uk . 
  not to mention , the european parliament represents * all * europeans ' votes in an equal matter and every single proposal the commission does is checked by the parliament * and * by the council of ministers ( * literally your own ministers must agree on every single legislation passed or it will never pass * ) . 
  so with the current european union system i am more represented and so is my country , compared to scotland that basically has to accept whatever england 's whims are . 
   england is the economic powerhouse of the uk . 
  did you know scotland receives a net # 8 billion from the uk . 
  if they went independent they would be screwed . 
  after being a net contributor to the uk for * over 30 years * that is how the uk treats them ? 
  `` oh they just take money away '' well then it 's no wonder there are growing tensions between the two . 
  scotland also has a * lot * of vital resources used in various english manufacturing that are often not taken into account since the profits are going to companies primarily installed in england , thus making england even more dominating in the economy . 
   as for ni i would be more than happy for them to re unify but one election does not preclude the unionist majority of the population who want to be british . 
  my point did n't have anything to do with reunification , i honestly do n't care which country they want to belong to , but i * do * care about the peace process in the region and fact is that brexit and the lack of clear answers and adresses to the grave issues nearly every agreement with the republic of ireland are facing merely are not being given , making the situation more and more aggravating . 
  you have yet to address gibraltar , or are they too small for any consideration ? 
  so fuck scotland then ? 
  if scotland keeps voting for the snp then that means something , and ni obviously is concerned because the response that may has been giving to the irish question has been tastelessly vague . 
  the uk leaving the common market puts in grave question the good friday agreements and also there is a huge question over the border with the republic of ireland that can not be answered . 
  if may says that there will be no border then the eu nationals will be able to freely enter northern ireland because there 's no border checks as is . 
  if may says there will be border checks but only irish and british nationals will not require a visa then this also poses a problem because according to the agreements made for the peacemaking process in northern ireland , british and irish citizens must be treated equally * yet * irish citizens would have more rights than british citizens due to the republic of ireland being a member of the eu . 
  if you put any more requirements on the border then * good high luck * maintaining any peace over there , especially now with a unionist minority in the northern irish parliament . 
  scotland may just be 8 % of the uk but it is not a reason why its say must be discarded so easily . 
  plus , if may promises an open border with ireland , she will never ever be able to argue a closed border with a potential independent scotland . 
  and * what the hell is gibraltar going to do ? 
  * the bloody place faces an existential crisis since apparently fuck the common market . 
  the uk is too focused on england , it is * not * prepared to deal with its smaller regions and nations and it shows . 
  brexit needs a strong consensus for every part of the uk but so far that is the direct opposite of what 's happening . 
  do n't get me wrong , i want brexit to be as successful and painless as possible , but the statements and actions made so far only makes the uk more fragile and less able to actually go ahead with the negotiation process . 
  well , we happen to be * different countries * and have all the same exact representation mechanism . 
  meanwhile in the uk , scotland and northern ireland ( and gibraltar ) are being forced out of the eu because england ( and wales ) said so ... england has far too much of a say and it is far too disproportionate to keep dragging everyone else . 
  keep in mind that scotland is already in a power struggle with westminster and indyref2 is looking more and more likely by the second , northern ireland for the first time in an election voted against unionists , and gibraltar is actually considering asking for joint rule with spain ( even after a referendum before brexit said that over 90 % of them did not want to be ruled by spain ) . 
  if this is n't a sign that the uk , as is , is n't listening to the needs and concerns of these parts , then what is ? 
   looks like they have to be behind to overtake . 
  or just wait until the other one gets out . 
   what does that make the eu . 
  an airport . 
  it 's called the european union , not the united kingdom , plus , each country is * equal * ( looking at you england ) . 
  the uk got downgraded since it voted to leave and france overtook it ( again ) , plus , the uk is n't even * one * plane , it 's 4 or 5 stuck together . 
  has n't happened for the two biggest planes in europe : france and germany . 
  proof that cooperation is key !, 
  together we * fly * . 
  and france makes airbus . 
  if the eu is a vehicle for germany , at least we 're a * damn good car * . 
  haha . 
   it just shows how inflexible the eu is that so many countries are unhappy even france an eu founder . 
  what exactly * can * the eu do ? 
  one currency means one currency , that 's like saying you want a cocktail to taste sweet and salty at the same time . 
  again , keep in mind that dialogue with the eu is essential and that these are always zero-sum negotiations ; the sole thing is that , as is exponentially growing in countries as it did in the uk * very * early on , the eu is used as a scapegoat and accused of everything whereas anything positive is claimed by the national government 's contemporary rulers . 
   no idea where he got that from . 
  interesting how the eurozone works so well for germany though while everybody else is struggling . 
  greece can leave the eurozone , but guess what , that would be * even worse * for greece . 
  in fact , everyone can leave and it is n't * that * hard to achieve , but the fact is that it is very beneficiary to everyone in it and leaving it would mean a lot of money lost and more inconvenience regarding trade ( do n't you remember how the common market was a bitch to navigate through before the 2000s ? ) . 
  germany was actually * against * the euro at the start , but this was basically a condition they had to adopt in order for other countries like the netherlands ( whose currency even without the euro followed the deutschmark 's exact fluctuations , so the euro brought a better power balance and more say to the netherlands ) to accept german reunification and essentially `` pseudo-ascension '' of the former ddr . 
  germany obviously benefits from the euro , but that is because they are * the * biggest economy in europe , and this dates even before the times of the eu itself . 
  german economic domination was a very big fear during the earlier forms of the eu , the common market and the euro are actually ways to `` contain '' germany 's might in a peaceful european framework to prevent imbalances with other countries that could degenerate into darker times . 
   the irish one was about money . 
  new members joined the eu and development funds were diverted from ireland . 
  so , a no vote , revised offer , a yes vote . 
  not much european togetherness there . 
  and france ? 
  what about all the other countries that * to this day * still berrate the treaty ? 
   you beat yourself up because you knew the rules and did not follow them . 
  if regional interest rate variation was built in from the start you could have followed the rules and ended austerity sooner . 
  that defeats the entire purpose of having a common currency . 
  companies would fully be free to choose what banks have the most interesting rates and go for it , leaving others desolate and creating even bigger issues . 
   germany paying for your mistakes brings a wry smile to my face . 
  according to my greek co worker , germany at the beginning of the financial crisis , dumped over one billion euros of toxic debt into the ecb . 
  this was shared around members of the eurozone . 
  it did spain and portugal no favours but sank greece . 
  so you actually paid for germany 's mistakes . . 
  i severely doubt your greek coworker is right or objective about that matter . 
  spain and portugal ( and greece ) deserve no favors from anyone either , what we deserve is better governments for ourselves , built by us , to respond to our past mistakes and correct them . 
  germany has had a surplus economy for * ages * now , where the heck did this debt suddenly come from and what exactly do you mean it was `` dumped '' into the ecb ? 
   because the vast majority wanted to join and saw it as a positive thing , no need . 
  in the uk we needed convincing and then a vote . 
  not too much to ask from our perspective , instead blair just took us into a political union * without asking * . 
  how about ireland and france that both had negative referendums against the 2005 constitutional treaty , which basically got recycled into the 2007 lisbon treaty ? 
   yes you were to blame for an overspend . 
  but you realised this and did not have the tools to correct it . 
  the ecb interest rate may suit germany but it did not suit you . 
  the pain could have been shorter . 
  the pain could not be shorter , just transferred . 
  we knew the moment we agreed to the euro and introduced it in 2002 what tools we had and did n't , plus the overspending was not at all a surprise for politicians as the public deficit was * huge * , it was genuinely ridiculous and they caused it so . 
  by switching the interest rates to suit * us * the consequences would be interest rates that do not suit germany and others , thus making * them * pay for * our * mistakes . 
   yes but my point is that in the 43 years since we joined we have never had a referendum but can change government every five years . 
  people did note stick it to the man but felt this was their one chance to leave . 
  why is this not a problem in other european countries then ? 
  as we 've read in europe recast , the problem is a bit particular to some countries ( including the uk ) where europe is used constantly as a scapegoat for failure by leading politicians and any benefits gained . 
  this is very common in countries like hungary and the uk , which creates the image of the eu more of a nuisance and `` the man we want to stick it to '' rather than a constructive organization ( albeit with many faults ) . 
  in other countries such as italy for example , the problems are pointed towards other `` enemies '' such as the poorer south . 
   the euro was the issue because once you realised you had spent too much and needed to change interest rates to stimulate growth , you could not . 
  the euro treaties were clear as day though , we knew exactly what we could and could not do . 
  the fact is that our government went on a huge spending spree , probably to win the next elections ( something , unfortunately , common in portugal ) and while in interviews they blamed the lack of flexibility regarding interest rates , the reality is that they already knew and agreed to this system . 
  they brought this on ourselves . 
   as for the expense , i think it would be quite large just now to bring the rest of europe 's neglected military back to full strength . 
  then there is unification of equipment and of course the eternal argument of who pays for it .
