  [ there is no landmass , finland is a fake made up thing , like global warming or the danish language ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/finlandconspiracy/comments/2y0oog/the_finland_conspiracy_and_all_you_need_to_know/ ), 
  it did for east germany . 
  when knowingly with the us lied about iraq having weapons of mass destruction , invaded iraq , and then * suddenly * admitted it was all a sham . 
  not to mention how `` kind '' the uk has been to other states historically and even today . 
  remember how ireland was treated just for wanting independence ? 
  or how the uk decided to blockade portuguese ships from entering portugal for no apparent reason ? 
  the list of british interference piles up quite fast ... 
  so by all means weigh in and give your opinion , wo n't really be anything new . 
  well it 's not like the uk did n't weigh in and give more than just an opinion to other countries in the past ... 
  but is this really new ? 
  * yaaas the house down boots dot com for your nerves okurrrrr *, 
   only from the old people who also voted to leave and from what i 've read . 
  that 's the first time i 've heard that picture painted , was this also the case for the uk ? 
  the uk was faced with just as much issues , and even today there is a gloomy stress i remark on my british colleagues as they now are faced with the prospect of going back to needing expensive visas , less eu rights , no residency abroad , not even equal education and employment opportunities in all of the continent , all thrown away to gain what ? 
  to turn back time on pressing local social issues ? 
  to go back to the days of old where there was no need nor want to leave the uk and seek a different life ? 
   yes it did . 
  the remain campaign printed some very comprehensive leaflets ( which were overexagerated to the point of lieing ) , but in those numbers the uk was still putting very large amounts into the pot and only getting a fraction back . 
  and those were the exagerated numbers taking every penny into account and trying to make it look as small as possible . 
  i agree that the remain campaign was not at all that great , but to say that the uk did not benefit from its payments is a farce if you count how much the uk saves on tariffs every single day , and how british citizens are spared from countless fees and documentation required not only to * go * abroad and consume foreign products , but also to gain access to a plethora of production lines , potential customers , all this without all the red tape . 
  both campaigns were tragic , and misguided the public , even created a huge tension between remainers and brexiters , and instead of insisting in a healthy dialogue about pros and cons it turned this whole situation into an escalated shitfest of little to no value . 
   that 's the next thing i want gone do n't worry . 
  i hope , it 's about time the uk got a better system for itself , a better uk is a better day , as my history teacher said . 
   agreed . 
  would like northern , midland and southern england to all have their own parliaments . 
  i 'm pissed at northern england for voting against having their own as it would have probably lead to the midlands having our own too . 
  i do have to wonder why england still does not have its own parliament , after all , are n't all parts of the uk supposed to be represented equally ? 
   i do and i know the eu doesnt like voting very much . 
  i was talking about uk 's mep 's voting on passing regulations , that 's right yeah ? 
  throwaway statistic really , i do n't care about trading regulations . 
  you said that the uk is the `` most voted against country '' yet you fail to realize that meps do not know each other 's votes ( they vote for their intended goals in terms of defending their voters ' best interest ( pretty standard ) . 
  the uk may merely be the country that disagrees the most , though i seriously doubt that considering the major debate and constant `` they hate me ! '', 
  claims from the likes of farage , geert , lepen ... 
  the uk is not really that isolated either , as a * lot * of times the british meps tend to follow the general motions rather than vote against them . 
  the main issue comes up in the european council , where may made that infamous ehm ... `` mention of position '' . 
   yeah , to be fair we didnt know cameron had no plan , and he kept telling us he would remain pm despite the result . 
  i want the conservatives gone too so . 
  that is true , cameron seriously just rode the political gain horse far too hard and was caught with his pants down right there and then . 
  the sole thing i appreciate he did was step down , though i admit i have n't really ever researched him that much . 
   i actually started off strongly remain because i thought eu immigrants were good and i was just being naive in thinking that that was what the vote was about . 
  i listened to both sides of the arguement and then went off and did my own research . 
  i only really decided to leave when i realised it was a lie that we were n't politically integrating with europe . 
  if i had it my way we would just accept freedom of europe ( even though i dont like that it indirectly causes us to be bias against non-europeans , and be very harsh with our immigration policies ) , try to get a nice trade deal , continue with research and stuff like that , but actually have full control over our own laws . 
  you voted correctly then , though i believe that you , along with anyone who voted in this referendum , were not offered a fair way to channel your voice . 
  i * do * fail to understand a bit of what you want : on one hand you do not want at all to have the uk as part of the common market ( following eu regulations ) but want special benefits of the eu such as universally accepted academic achievements with no questions asked , but also full free trade with the eu , but also `` full control over our own laws '' ( this really never was put into question in the eu ) ; the problem is that you want certain parts that can not be granted without the full package that includes things you do not want . 
  the best deal for the uk is to have a free trades deal with the eu and leave it as soon as possible in order to engage * independently * with other states in whichever deals they need . 
  it is clear that freedom of movement is not something the uk is willing to support , and even norway 's pm hinted at possibly vetoing uk ascension into the efta . 
  the uk can not have the same levels of cooperation it has now , that is entirely out of the question ; the question remains , what compromises are going to be made for what gain . 
  do n't be sorry , it 's not your fault at all . 
  we all have idiots that we would be willing to get away from . 
  we got geert wilders , remember ? 
  ** laughs in g\u00f6tterfunken **, 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  did he believe that the uk paid for all of the eu negotiations ? 
  why is it that the uk , who did not get invaded was the sick man ? 
  because of war ? 
  look at the state of rotterdam , look at the decimated ruins left in poland , look at the countless scenes of ruin and destruction in france , germany , austria , czechia , the crushing that plagued * every single place * the nazis tried to step foot in . 
  and yet you believe that the uk was worse off afterwards . 
  that it was perhaps not the fact that historically the uk underwent a mass loss of empire as did other european states , yet the difference is that the uk did not have close cooperation in economic terms with its neighbors . 
  edit :  i did n't know the comment would offend you so much . 
  it did not , however i call comments as i see them , and for me the memory of ww2 remains an important lesson for humans , regardless of role and participation of past generations . 
  if i were to start making gross and indecent remarks about all current british people about how they are to blame for the atrocities committed against countless people , sometimes even geniuses like alan turing , you 'd probably should say about the same about me . 
  well , we all know that some political leaders are n't that great , so even * if * she tries to isolate the uk , there is still hope that afterwards the uk will come back to its senses and cooperate closely and in good terms with europe . 
   nothing . 
  i 'm young . 
  in 2004 i would 've been 10 , was hardly noticing eu influence before 2004 . 
  fair enough with the funds . 
  like i pointed out though , it 's very irrelevant since we 're effectively paying for it ourselves anyway . 
  i still do n't actually know where that money goes though . 
  so you are 23 . 
  did you hear about how the continent used to look before we were like this ? 
  did you experience the constant complications of trade and rising prices due to a race to the bottom for the sake of economy after the troubles of the 70s ? 
  it is still a vivid memory for a lot of people all around me , and even my family that has lost a fortune before the euro to the mind boggling game of market speculation and currency fluctuation between the escudo and francs , not to mention the other difficulties of travel , families such as my own were divided and now we can finally share the wealth and and progress of our continent with an amazing trade ; in fact , recent studies show that the eu has contributed a bare minimum of 12 % gdp boost for every one of its member states , quite hefty i 'd say . 
  you keep saying you still do not know what the money is used for and that `` you paid for it yourselves '' but in fact the uk did not invest that much on itself or did it ? 
  did you believe that 350.000.000 gbp were just waiting for the nhs ? 
  the uk even had a * rebate * system , contributing less according to the system itself . 
   we 're having an early election soon so they 'll get to decide based off of the new manifestos . 
  yes , because british democracy , with the first past the post system . 
   why include wales but not england ? 
  wales voted to leave too . 
  england and its regions do n't have their own parliament and northern england is the most shat on region . 
  any part of the uk should have the right to leave the uk , i believe in self-determination , and i also believe that england should have its own devolved power , and the uk should operate by a cooperation between the different constituent parts of the kingdom and not by domination of english voters ( a huge majority ) over everyone else . 
  england , scotland , wales , northern ireland , and the isle of man * must * cooperate and not dominate . 
   thats fine , we were the most voted against country anyway . 
  no change basically . 
  ... do you know how the voting system works ? 
  even at a rudimentary level ? 
  the uk was not `` voted on '' just like you do n't vote on other voters when you cast your say in the next general elections . 
  the uk is mainly notorious for demanding a headspinning amount of special treatment and exceptions and even * a bloody rebate * while also vetoing any motions to further the european project . 
   yeahh , i feel bad for northern ireland . 
  i have relatives and friends there , hopefully we can sort that problem out with republic of ireland . 
  but if not , i wouldnt really blame northern ireland for leaving . 
  it 's going to be really shitty on the border if free movement is stopped . 
  i know people who cross the border every day . 
  so basically `` well it sucks for them '' ? 
  you could have sorted that problem very easily by remaining part of the customs union , but if the republic of ireland ( which is * significantly * more europhile than the uk ) would also have to leave in order for there to be a fully frictionless border . 
  there has yet to be a fully thought out solution , this shows just how much of a shitfest of medias and absolutely empty statements have been . 
  no solutions , just brexit . 
   whats with the bitter response at the end haha ?
