   the stealing comes from shell 's involvement in bribing military leaders and helping assassinate popular leaders that might infringe on their ability to steal the oil . 
  so the dutch government is responsible by a private company 's actions ? 
  especially a company that is also british ? 
  since when are we a socialist state ? 
   sure , it 's just that they have power over you and you can do nothing about it . 
  you are as much a slave to the state as people in the past were to the kings . 
  now due to being able to vote for people , your masters will be slightly less insane . 
  but that does n't mean you have any real political power . 
  if that 's how you see it , tough titties , that 's not how i nor the * vast * majority of the dutch population sees it . 
   only if you understand nothing of what happened would you argue this , the republic was under existential threat by the the counter-revolution . 
  the kings killed uncountably more people than those revolutionaries . 
  it 's just terrible when us peasants kill people instead of our masters killing by the thousands . 
  so did it work ? 
  it did not . 
   do you understand anything about anarchy ? 
  like read maybe one book or even the wikipedia page on it ? 
  we 've had a whole course on the formation of modern governmental structures , which heavily includes anarchical ideologies and applications ...  yeah , i would support anarchy . 
  not sure what most europeans would agree with , but if a majority decides i should starve , should that mean i starve because it 's democratic ? 
  well , under anarchy if one person decides to kill you , who should do anything to stop them ? 
  brits always are bearing bare ankles during summer though . 
  . . or unless you are from iran , tunisia , tonga , taiwan , uruguay , syria , somalia , pakistan ( if under 21 years of age ) , morocco , mali , malaysia ( if under 21 years of age ) , libya , yemen , eritrea , dominican republic , costa rica , burkina faso , bangladesh , bahamas ( if under 21 years of age ) , argentina ( if born in argentina only ) and algeria . 
  note that some like fiji , iraq , and nauru are only required to renounce their previous citizenships since 2012 . 
  our citizenship laws are fucked and make little sense regarding dual citizenship . 
  they discriminate between nationals of different countries , as well as whether or not an individual is married to a dutch citizen or not . 
  either apply a no dual citizenship policy to everyone , or do n't ; otherwise it 's just mere unjustified discrimination . 
   examples such as ? 
  for example , when other states were abolished and a different system took place , it was always turbulent and eventually came back around to a form of organized government , such as france for example , or the netherlands , etc. . . we 've dipped into anarchic times and near instantly we went back to having a government . 
  for me this is a sign that educated humans , capable of debating with each other all have a tendency to want a government ruling over them for efficiency and safety . 
   that 's exactly at the basis of an anarchist society . 
  but how can this be with * no * rules at all ? 
  if literally doing anything and everything is fully okay to do ? 
  it takes * one * person to spoil the broth , then what ? 
   would you stab someone one , right now , if there where no consequences ? 
  no , though i 've met people who have tried to attack me and run away from the consequences . 
  if it were n't for police forces in france i 'd probably be dead by now . 
   anyway , at least now you acknowledge that you 're just giving your opinion . 
  your arguments are neither original nor irrefutable , so if you want to learn more about anarchism you can check out / r/anarchy101 , and if you want to debate anarchists you can go to / r/debateanarchism . 
  i do n't since i still do n't see how anarchism would ever work in practice and you have n't done much to refute my points . 
   i do n't mean to be rude , but this conversation has already gotten pretty long and i think there are better places to have this kind of debates than here , if you 're interested . 
  and if you 're not , all the more reason to stop . 
  i think so too , but i do n't think anarchism is a realistic goal nor worth my time . 
   you seem to not understand anarchy 's basic premise . 
  there can be a state . 
  but it any form of authority needs to be actively justified and accepted by those it rules over . 
  nobody chose for these forms of state control , and the state has immense powers for oppression . 
  so would you support anarchy for europe then ? 
  would most europeans even agree to it ? 
   what 's your point ? 
  the netherlands robbed half the planet , continues to help african dictators steal from their population , continues to steal oil wealth , supported the iraq war killing some million people , bombing innocent people in libya , and has pretty large wealth inequality . 
  possibly the monarch is still the largest land owner too , if i recall correctly . 
  again , how would going into anarchy solve any of this ? 
  would n't we just become a shitty disorganized mess ? 
  the netherlands provides humanitarian funds that is true , but is it best to just * not * interact to african countries in need and leave them off to die ? 
  is it better to just * not * ** buy ** oil ( not sure where you got the `` stealing '' bit from ) and promote economic progress , especially to countries where their gdp highly depends on it ? 
  the king barely even does anything , he just * lives as a symbol of the dutch kingdom * , that 's what he does . 
  feel free to criticize the netherlands and its actions , many do ( even i do ) but i still like our government , respect and follow its laws , and democratically voice my concerns about these issues and others . 
   democracy was n't the problem , and it did work . 
  but state oppression ( i.e. 
  by the king ) and other kings around the continent made sure it would fail . 
  after the french revolution you had a secular and democratic republic that became increasingly authoritarian and militaristic . 
  so much for democracy then ? 
  obviously not , since nowadays france * is * a secular and democratic republic as it should be . 
  anarchy has no way of setting meaningful limits , instead it focuses on mere suggestions by its definition and thus it can not enforce any basic rule or law ; so is it truly a better `` system '' ? 
  what counts as porn for this system though ? 
  if there are bare titties in a non-porn movie , and they are hella fine porn-quality titties , does it count ? 
  i 'm genuinely wondering where the line of what porn legally is was drawn for this system . 
   neglect of a state surely without a state we would n't have any problems , right ? 
  anarchy is perfect after all . 
  / s  wealth is stolen by the rich than by these anarchists . 
  so i think they would disagree on your basic premise . 
  * what * wealth to begin with ? 
  in the netherlands where we have a very strong government and police force , good luck stealing from your average joe his furniture and goats . 
   i think your argument is basically what people used against democracy after the french revolution , and it did n't make sense then . 
  feel free to disagree then . 
  democracy did n't work immediately after the french revolution either since it has more requirements than * just * what they had back then . 
  i agree , i think that most western countries have a very good balance between government size and a free market economy ; though more should be done for those disadvantaged by the system , to make sure everyone lives a comfortable life . 
  anarchism is defined as :  belief in the abolition of all government and the organization of society on a voluntary , cooperative basis without recourse to force or compulsion . 
  which based on historical cases where it happened , it 's pretty obvious that it wo n't work . 
  we need compromise and organization , common ground for debate and decision-making . 
  without any compulsion of * anything * what 's stopping me from entirely backstabbing everyone ? 
  and what 's preventing anyone from doing so to their own benefit ? 
  seems to me like we 'd be living like animals , without coherence at all because any limitations are mere * suggestions * . 
  greece , though it has still crime happening in it ( as every single country ) , still remains a far better choice considering that there * are * compulsive rules to be followed that guarantee the best development of individuals . 
  i believe you 're misunderstanding my point : from my perspective and outlook , you are safer living in a place where there is a police service that does its best to prevent crime from taking place and generating victims ( being you or others ) . 
  i believe that in an anarchist society , since there would be no government and no protective entity , nobody would be as safe as otherwise . 
  what 's stopping anyone from killing me in the streets , if not from the rule of law and protection in the netherlands , for example ? 
  what 's stopping someone from going into your house and beating you up ? 
  i do n't want to live under anarchism since there are no common rules and it would return us to a more primitive state without an organized society with rules and laws . 
  somalia has areas where the government is merely not reaching out to , under criminal control ; it 's a commonly known issue in somalia ( and other countries too ) . 
  greece , compared to * an anarchist society with no police protection what so ever * is a far better place to live , even with such problems . 
  between greece and a remote village with no organization nor reach by its government , i 'm pretty sure that the choice is far obvious . 
  they do , but to a * far * lower extent , greece is still a safe ( and beautiful ) place to live , even with its drawbacks and still existent criminality . 
  we 're not somalia at least . 
  where did i pass any judgement on what 's more serious ? 
  furthermore , a crime 's a crime , you face justice no matter the offense . 
  * perhaps conversion centres are n't quite a huge issue , if at all in europe * i 'm gay and i have yet to hear about widespread conversion therapy in our continent ; hell , even the * church * of england called for a ban , and in most countries the practice is already outlawed on other grounds . 
  for me you do n't seem to care much about my gay rights , you mainly care about complaining about r/europe articles about russia instead . 
  if this were an article about homophobia in poland , moldova , or turkey ; would you be saying the same ? 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  anarchists are destroying property and committing multiple violent crimes and even stealing ; which for me is a strong argument * against * anarchism and maintain our governments which provide us with a police that protects us from this becoming an everyday occurence .
