  *** seriously what the hell is that supposed to be ? 
  it looks like escher 's ghetto nightmare ... 
  if you find two of them , they can generate enough incestuous babies to rule all of europe !, 
  i think that the most beautiful building we have around here is the amsterdam central station . 
  currently it looks a bit like crap because there 's lots of construction work happening around it , but i find it very pretty and even historic . 
  ladies and gentlemen , the reason i should not write on mobile . 
  i love it too but that last line about the king of spain ... * hisssssss * we should have changed it but oh well . 
  i hate it , but i hate it * way * less than absolutely nothing at all . 
  i believe that i should be treated equally as straight couples , and that all eu countries should * recognize * gay marriage ( does not mean * perform * gay marriage ) . 
  this civil union or registered partnership for me feels like `` oh okay you 're equal and you can have more rights but only * some * because ... yeah '' they are not equal rights , but it is progress i guess . 
  the current king seems pretty popular , but also joked about quite a bit more than usual . 
  he 's sometimes referred to as prins pils , and also everybody went a little bit crazy for a day or two when he just randomly dabbed . 
  i agree , but i also would like to add that cultures and values are * sometimes * not mutually exclusive ( you can be two things at one time ) and also you can adapt and properly change ( integrate , become part of your surrounding culture/society ) . 
  i find the history of the czech language very interesting , as well as how czechoslovakia was during communist times ( and the velvet revolution is one of my favorite things ever , especially the people jingling their keys in prague ) and then i also found the situation that led to the split into czechia and slovakia really interesting and noteworthy too . 
  all-in-all i just find czechia ( and slovakia ) to have a very interesting , different , and even sometimes inspiring history . 
  so you do n't even live here . 
  cool . 
  hands-down czechia . 
  his username is spring in * berlin . 
  * he 's obviously icelandic . 
  * surprised it was n't belgian instead * / s, 
  ... what ?? 
  where/when did this party exist ? 
   you goddamn belgian ** how dare you . 
   are you denying my europeanness ? 
  ... what ? 
   a lot of people i know have privately voiced support for at least hacking attacks against the us since their election . 
  it 's like trump saying `` a lot of people tell me all the time how great i am , let me tell you ! '', 
  also you 're seriously bragging for hacking ? 
  seriously ? 
  oh man ...  i 've been actually thinking of going to like whatever the next standing rock is and risking my life for humanity ( say , laying down in a busy street ) . 
  ... which is mainly an american thing to do , not at all a common thing in europe , we have other methods . 
  also , never in my life in any part of the continent have i ever heard the expression `` standing rock '' outside american media ...  i 've already begun reaching out within the catholic church and i hope to become at least recognised as a martyr fighting against a fake country if something bad does happen . 
  so you want recognition ? 
  what a try-hard hero jesus christ . 
  `` oh i 'm doing this please recognize me ! '' . 
  not to mention , you would be perfectly aware of how the church is a diverse and sometimes divisive element in here , we 're not all catholic ...  all the true europeans i know support strong action against that country for electing that thing . 
  and all true * people * i know ( regardless of european or not ) actually do not support going against a superpower just because you have a hissy fit over who 's in charge ...  i also do n't listen to anyone over 50 because their tolerance of bush let this happen . 
  ... which was at the hands of * americans * thus again putting severely into question if you have * any * idea what the hell you 're talking about . 
  also , blaming the old ? 
  * seriously ? 
  * this whole text genuinely read like a young pissed off american trying to pass as a european and be edgy ... 
  seriously . 
  it 's basically a copypasta like that navy seals thing , just as plausible . 
  ... none ? 
  what in the everlasting ... 
  amsterdam in the netherlands is known for being * way * too full of foreigners who do n't even speak dutch , as well as being arrogant as all hell . 
  hate to say it ( because i love it here ) but it 's true . 
  worldwide i 'm pretty sure it 's known for weed , prostitutes , yada yada yada ... 
   assuming a sane , competent and reasonable uk government ... well ... 
   what happens when the eu sets a 100b $ brexit bill and the uk refuses to pay ? 
  then the eu and the uk will have a potentially very bad relationship . 
  the uk is , of course , free to do so , however it will severely damage the eu 's trust on it considering it is * literally * basically saying `` oh i signed all these promises and treaties and now i wo n't follow anything ! '' ... 
  so who would want to trust the uk ? 
   are they not allowed to leave ? 
  yes . 
  they are allowed to leave as soon as they want . 
  they can even leave without art. 50 's process actually . 
  by revoking all treaties relating to european union obligations as well as the customs union , they are 100 % out of everything , although this would be an extremely devastating decision trade-wise  how come the eu has the right to send a bill in the first place ? 
  the eu is merely applying what the uk has signed up for by ratifying the several treaties of the eu : there are contributions that the uk has promised to make to the eu ( exit or not ) and thus this is merely an evaluation of all the obligations the uk * still * has before it leaves . 
  the uk can choose to ignore it , though consequences can be drastic and severely affect access to any of the internal market 's sectors . 
  well , it sure seems very popular and liked from what i 've heard , driving is an absolute nightmare . 
  it 's the perfect place to hide missi ... wait no nothing * nobody must know * / s, 
  / thread, 
  how present is ddr-culture in today 's germany ? 
  ... your point ? 
  it 's pretty damn obvious which one we 're talking about based on context and i 'm pretty sure italian has the same exact shit when it comes to the word `` lingua '' which means * both * tongue and language , or `` rosa '' which is both a rose and pink , etc. . . my point being : every language has its own double-meaning words , so what the heck are you on about ? 
  but there are different private systems all together . 
  would you like something like a 100 % privatized dutch one ? 
  an american one ? 
  etc. . . 
  what would you like to have instead ? 
  like , what system would be ideal ? 
  i never went on a camping holiday , and frankly i am scared as hell from bugs and whatnot to properly do so as well ... 
  i 'm a spoiled city kid . 
  despicable criminal imho . 
  glad he got charged as such and his actions were clearly written down . 
  i do , however , wish he was n't assassinated . 
  too easy for a man like him . 
  [ oh fuck , russia and canada are basically the taiga it 's huge ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a8/distribution_taiga.png ), 
  what 's the taiga ? 
  yeah , very much so . 
  although not all of the us , mainly the big attractive parts like san fran , miami , boston , nyc , vegas , etc. . . 
  anything big n flashy we 'll love basically . 
  i 'd rather live in a democracy . 
  i believe that i 'm just * one * person and that my own biases and opinions should not be forced to others via a dictatorship . 
  if you have proof of your swedish citizenship ( id card ) then you should not have a big issue . 
  do check requirements though . 
   nice city it 's gorgeous , truth be told . 
   cheap there are * way * cheaper places in europe , but it 's not the most expensive i guess  party clubs/bars yeah , brussels is quite active , nearly all big cities in the benelux are . 
   girls ... yes , there are females . 
   brothels that 's amsterdam , and brothels are not a thing , we have * cabins * where women by their own choice can sell sex . 
  there are strict rules about that in place . 
  also , you want to travel and you want to go to a brothel ? 
  seriously ? 
   drugs again , belgium is not the netherlands ( anymore ) so if you want weed you will need to likely cross the border onto a coffeeshop . 
  otherwise i guess you could do it ilegally , but yeah , no . 
   quicktrip to amsterdam ( possibly ) very easily done , not by car ( belgian roads are remarkably shite ) but by train or bus . 
  it 's cheap and easy to travel to the randstad ( the area of the netherlands where the really big cities are ) . 
   how 's the food ?
