   also , the uk is a good example for democracy !, 
  we are respected for our institutions around the world . 
  with a first-past-the-post system ? 
  i hate to say it but democratic rule is degraded in the uk , and it deserves a better system for itself . 
   i love these countries . 
  does not answer my question . 
   not one of the things i mentioned depends on the eu . 
  you mentioned education for one . 
  how do you think my british colleagues feel when uk prices for education are astronomically high for , for example , french standards ? 
  and now their tuition fees elsewhere abroad are about to not double but * quadruple * in size in the netherlands due to their loss of eu citizenship , as well as losing several grants ...  no , the same as singapore , hong kong and new york . 
  which are global financial centre . 
  singapore depends on asean ( primarily malaysia ) , hong kong is a part of china , and new york is a part of the us , both of which happen to be huge global powers . 
  the uk does not suit the same . 
   that 's great , i am a lawyer . 
  the key for the success of the city is for the uk to have a stable democracy with low taxation , clear laws and the common law , the global language , well-respected regulators , openness to innovation . 
  we have all of these . 
  yet how come the uk has been caught on multiple violations of internal market regulations ( such as chinese smuggling ) , how come english is so important considering that nearly everyone in the other richest countries ( with the notable exception of france ) speak it , etc. . . that leaves uncomplicated law and low taxation ... something to be proud of ? 
   you have not mentioned a specific infraction at all . 
  the uk and ireland remain committed to the principles of the good friday agreement . 
  article 1 on the 6th chapter reads :  the right to freely choose one 's place of residence ; how is this possible should uk citizens not be eu/eea citizens ? 
  furthermore , if the uk grants irish citizens the right to inhabit the uk freely , then is it not going against core eu values considering the eu 's tough stance on equality among its member states ' treatments ? 
   uk did not forget that ireland is independent . 
  who cares about dinners and her being a meme ? 
  the perhaps less obvious point is that this is generating unneeded tension towards both sides . 
  instead of a reasonable discussion ad dialogue with a fast-track towards whatever brexit deal arranges both , we have a dick-measuring contest ...  that is fantastic , i like you even more now . 
  oldest alliance with the uk . 
  i appreciate that you 're fond of my origins , but i am not talking about nations or your own personal tastes . 
  i am talking about the way the british government has been acting lately with regards to brexit . 
   that is great , we have a fantastic entente with your country . 
  again , i appreciate that you like me based on whatever 's written on my passport , but i do n't see why us wishing countries any good or bad , or any sociological effects among citizens can add to the discussion , unless you want to go back to your argument about identity . 
   on the calais situation , the good news is that france has now tried to clear up the jungle , which is fantastic news . 
  it 's been doing so pretty often , the problem is that it keeps coming back again and again , which reveals more a problem with the functioning of schengen than anything else ( the eu is far from perfect , and so are some of its agreements ) . 
   i am delighted you are enjoying the entertainment !, 
  also uk has good economic growth and low unemployment , so i guess we are both happy with brexit . 
  i am worried about the uk because though it can boast about those achievements now , can it maintain them ? 
  and what will happen to the millions of citizens now stressed out of their minds as they do not know what rights they will have ? 
  there is not even a guarantee of perpetual studying/working rights for my friends in the uk , two of which are extremely scared because their industry depends greatly on the roi and ni cooperating . 
   i did n't mention the word borders . 
  you mentioned it . 
  actually i mentioned because it was a pretty hefty part of the leave campaign . 
   i have not asked the eu to do this . 
  i do n't care what you do about this . 
  then you are admitting that you can not thus uphold the good friday agreements . 
   on the streets of northern ireland there is peace . 
  people make decisions by voting and we can be glad of that . 
  again , they are still not getting any clarification on any of the matters i just said , that are vitally important for their economy as well as social life . 
   uk does not control gibralarian taxes . 
  that is a matter for the gibraltarian parliament and gibraltarian democracy . 
  obviously , the uk will respect the wishes of the gibraltarians here . 
  by accepting the uk then gibraltar would have to be included unless it is to be treated like greenland but that requires to be passed by gibraltar or the uk ( depending on who has the right legislative competences ) . 
  that 's how the procedure goes for such a thing , and it would need to be done for every single tax haven and dependency under british jurisdiction . 
   not really . 
  read the clear statements from the uk government on this . 
  which ones ? 
  may says one thing , bojo says another , then negotiations are often a polar opposite of whoever spoke ...  we have tax havens all over the world , gibraltar is not even a good one . 
  look at jersey , guernsey , isle of man , bermuda , cayman islands , british virgin islands . 
  but also look at ireland , cyprus , malta , lichtenstein , luxembourg and - dare i say it - look at the netherlands !, 
  yes , sole difference : we 're a part of the same exact market , the uk however is not and does not pay contributions outside the eu . 
  these would require years upon years of work to fully be plugged because obviously the eu would not want external tax havens to have privileged access . 
   this is what we want . 
  but you also want this to , because that way you can get on with life without us !, 
  we are both happy about this . 
  not really , what the eu wants is to follow its relevant treaties and adapt to the uk , but it will be extremely hard considering the uk 's position . 
  ireland needs access to northern ireland , yet spain and portugal want gibraltar gone , the netherlands is against all tax havens ... you are negotiating with 27 different countries at * once * . 
   without wishing to be rude here , i am going to guess you do n't work in financial services ? 
  i worked for ing ... 
   uk is not isolated . 
  uk is host to the most globalised city in the world . 
  we are home to the global language . 
  the global financial centre . 
  we export huge amounts of culture ( football , music , tv , films around the whole globe - shame about our food lol ) . 
  we give 0.7 % of gdp in international aid , one of few countries . 
  we give 2 % of gdp to nato , the key military alliance in the world . 
  we are a permanent member of the unsc . 
  a founding member of the wto , world bank , imf . 
  a member of the g7 , g20 , commonwealth . 
  we participate in most international sporting events ( to varying success lol ) . 
  we have one of the most respected diplomatic services in the world and a network of allies across the globe - including your country . 
  if you look at the current heads of state or government across the globe , more than 10 % of them were educated in the uk . 
  it is irrational to say that the uk is isolated . 
  you mention a lot of factors that no longer are under the uk 's control , and some that are depending on the eu . 
  i already reiterated multiple times about all of these yet you keep ignoring them . 
  i 'm not going to keep wasting my time . 
   the city 's economy is not on fire . 
  financial passporting rights are not that important . 
  ** pahahahahahahahaaa ** okay , let 's go with that , you will basically have the same access to europe 's financial markets as * malaysia * . 
   the single market did not really exist back then . 
  however , we have now changed our mind about the entire project . 
  the whole entire point of the eec , the ec , and now the eu has not changed : `` an ever-closer union between the peoples of europe '' . 
  the uk did not oppose * multiple * stances for the common market bootup in the 70s ( when it literally joined ) , yet it could have extremely easily vetoed all of that since the olp was not expanded to any of the competent areas . 
  the uk * did * willingly accept and agree with these , and now to change its mind just proves its unreliability . 
   so - it suits you that we are leaving . 
  and it suits us . 
  this is great , you get to have an eu without us and we get to be outside it . 
  no , it does n't because the uk keeps interfering with eu policy as it is leaving and it is also trying its best to break away from agreements it made a mere 8 years ago ( some of them even mere * weeks * before brexit ) to cause the most distabilization possible . 
   singapore manages . 
  i guess the uk will too . 
  singapore is an extremely tiny state whose money greatly goes to the benefit of malaysia . 
  is the uk merely a city with an fta with its surroundings ? 
  not to mention , singapore is part of asean ...  i work in financial services .
