  plus , i 've heard that there 's other people that although they were against gay rights merely were n't very welcome by them . 
  i understand where they come from , and i do n't see any problem with them expressing their opinions on these types of subjects . 
  what i do mind is how they not only threatened me for being openly gay right in front of my goddamn school and i also mind the fact that a vast majority of the claims i found to be quite offensive , for example , am i unnatural ? 
  am i degenerate ? 
  i had to face homophobia for years in portugal unfortunately , and they are the same exact people , just with different nationalities . 
  respect gay people , and even if you 're against equal rights for us , you at least will be a respectful individual , these people often disrespect far more than just gay people during these manifestations . 
  not the point at all . 
  my point is that you have this manifestation against a minority 's rights , and yet it claims to be for `` everyone '' . 
  even though a lot of them have prevented other groups ( like people from the maghreb ) from joining them alarmingly often . 
  it 's not for everybody , it 's for a loud group of people trying to impose their opinion as fact ( i appreciate they express their concern , but i do not appreciate the horrid propaganda nor violent threats that happenned even to me in high school by these guys ) . 
  i know right ? 
  i was watching that like `` these people need to remember the five g 's : `` good god gurl get a grip '', 
  thanks for translating it , now everyone can enjoy !, 
  nah , she probably stopped knitting and went to protest how `` moosleems '' are evil and need to go back to africa . 
  a surprising amount of people in the city i lived in france believed that we should repatriate all foreigners in france ( including a part of my family , whom are foreigners themselves ... ), 
  i guess it makes sense , are bank loans at least decent to make it affordable for british students ? 
  it 's not really their fault that there is high demand , so i think it 's a bit unfair that they would be affected by it . 
  it 'll have to be converted into our glorious european reich 's metric system , in 2021 , one pound = one nanogram . 
  why diet when you can just wait ? 
  :d losing pounds has never been easier !, 
  nope !, 
  portuguese parents , trilingual ( portuguese , english , and french ) schooling , and dutch extra class . 
  foreign languages are essentially cocaine to me , i speak spanish and italian too ( but less ) and i 'm gon na start learning russian in university ( blyat . ), 
  i grew up in a multilingual family so bare with me : 1-sempre quiz soprar num dente de le\u00e3o , farei o que a neve faz no ver\u00e3o 2-c ` etait vraiment tr\u00e9s int\u00e9ressant 3-ik wil ikea potloden stelen, 
  i know , but names are always a choice , and althought i understand what they were trying to do ... * that * was a choice . 
  bloody hell , out of all the things i 've seen , this is the second funniest . 
  i 'm sorry but [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swi8uyyyahw&amp;feature=youtu.be ) just takes the cake and the whole kitchen god fucking damnit it 's just too good . 
  but it 's so hard to find a top nowadays !, 
  damn , beat me to it ... oh well , mind if i join in the butt-parade ? 
  fun fact about this crazy crap : one of the things that always struck me odd about france is how these homophobes ' manifestation is called `` la manif ' pour tous '' which translates to `` the manif ' for everyone '' `` everyone '' who is heterosexual apparently , also , they were on tv and kept rambling about `` god 's rage '' ( i wish i were joking ) and some of them even said it was the illuminati when gay marriage got legalised ... fun times to sit back and enjoy tv sometimes ... pour tous les francophones , [ profitez d'un moment un peu dr\u00f4le ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0wtttamsoi ), 
  for the netherlands ( since i 'm still learning dutch ) i tend to use [ this one ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/ ) , however i have to warn you that although i think they are unbiased , i still would like someone else 's word on it ( ya know , to make sure ) . 
  honest question to non-scot british people : why in the everliving hell are your tuition fees so astronomically high ? 
  they are very good universities , no doubt about it , but compared to france , the netherlands , germany , spain , etc. . . that all have equally ( sometimes even better ) universities for a fraction of the price ( if not entirely free ) i kinda find it hard to justify the cost . 
  i do n't want to start a war , i genuinely just want to know the reason ( s ) behind 8 000 # per year in london vs 2 000 $ in amsterdam . 
  lowercase letters are for lower class - the capitalist pig, 
  [ oh really now ? 
  ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/oh-my-takei.gif ), 
  you miiiight want to check what grindr is ... 
  i bring dishonour to the clan . 
  well , i just got a new ringtone . 
  oh god . 
  does ... does it breathe ? 
  preach it , amen sistah/brothah / [ insert whatever you prefer here ], 
  i 'm actually portuguese ( born n raised in lisbon , 1997-2011 ) and then moved to france ( paris 2011-2016 ) and now i just live in the netherlands where nobody notices me without looking down, 
  i 'm 169cm and i 'm adding that to my grindr profile . 
  i read the article in portuguese , but i found a lot about this particular issue in english , [ here 's one of the articles i found about it ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/698427/eu-referendum-brexit-blow-norway-threatens-block-uk-single-market-access-efta ) and i have to say i think i should have rephrased my previous comment , she merely threatened to veto british membership , though the sentiment is much the same . 
  i 'm aware of that , and i 'm just defending my perspective : it 's a bit odd to say `` scotland will definitely vote ___ '' because it 's not as clear at all , specially since there 's a lot of polarising effects going for both sides . 
  i just want scotland to be decently taken care of , whether independent or part of the uk , they should be in control of what they want to do . 
  yet i believe that there is always a margin that polls can not represent , they are merely an estimate as usual , if it were that easy then we could have predicted the brexit , or really any referendum . 
  specially when the polls nowadays are mixed and close to just being 50/50 . 
  i do n't think brexit is a huge tectonic event , what i think it 's actually questioning scottish independence is the british government 's attitude towards it . 
  let scottish people vote whichever way they wish . 
  again , saying that the eu is less to them than the uk is a bit awkward since you 're comparing oranges to apples . 
  the eu is n't a country at all , the uk is , and they have been part of the uk for far longer than the eu . 
  i think in your opinion you not only believe that scotland will stay but also you want it to stay , which is perfectly understandable , but consider that by may 's way of trying to block the referendum and ultimately ignore scotland 's demands so far it 'll only make scotland want to leave more in my opinion . 
  scotland is grown and it can decide for itself without any of us bantering about it . 
  i personally believe that ideally scotland would want to be in the uk and the eu at the same time ( and there 's also been a reverse-greenland proposition to make that happen but it never got everywhere ) . 
  so let 's sit back and give them the choice , and let democracy do its job . 
  again , are you the scottish people ? 
  like , every single one of them ? 
  and is this referendum happenning right now ? 
  and do you remember how the result was at least 10 % closer to independence than in the prediction poles last time , and how the polls now are slowly getting closer to a 50/50 split ? 
  i 'm not making fictitious arguments at all , i 'm just stating that it 's clear they are n't truly being taken as importantly , and the brexit is proof of it , they voted to remain and now they are getting out either way ? 
  how is that fair for them ? 
  and now with may trying to stop the referendum , it speaks volumes to me that scotland is n't getting its say right now . 
  let scotland decide what it wants to do and respect whichever the outcome is , it 's that simple . 
  i 'm not sure to be honest , you want to leave the eu , thus give up on its membership , right ? 
  well , if you want to keep access to the single market , you will need to be part of the efta instead , but norway 's pm already announced it could veto the uk 's entry into it , and the eu already stated that the uk can not pick and choose what parts of the single market it wants and what parts it does n't . 
  my best guess is that although it 's still being negotiated , i do n't truly feel like you can have a soft brexit and the end of freedom of movement , and since that last one is a very big interest of the uk , then it 's hard brexit for us all . 
  edit : clearing up some phrasing . 
  yeah , with a sentence just saying `` the will of the scottish people is ___ '' plus i think that although your arguments are valid , i think that with other factors such as the brexit and the general disregard for scotland 's say in politics can make scotland want to be independent . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong/right , all i 'm saying is be mindful of what you say and how you say it . 
  i was in a group chat and we were trying to find the year 's biggest joke , i posted this image and came second ( a friend of mine from the us just said `` this election . '', 
  and came first ), 
  i do n't think a soft brexit is gon na happen , the uk does n't seem to want to have to respect the freedom of movement in the common market , plus norway does n't want the uk to join the efta ... 
  whichever will be will be , but i just wish we 'd do it quickly , brexit sure is taking its sweet damn time to actually happen, 
  again , my point is n't how scotland is great/horrible outside the uk , my point is merely saying that you think that scotland 's will is to remain in the uk , but i think that with the current data , it can go either way . 
  i 'm literally just saying that we ca n't know what scotland wants until scotland actually has a referendum , and we must respect whichever course they choose . 
  everyone believed the uk would never vote for brexit and yet it happenned . 
  well someone has been paying cities : skylines ... 
  as opposed to how great the uk is looking right now ? 
  i 'm not saying scotland will definitely choose independence , i 'm saying that now with the brexit stirring everything around and how close predictions are , it 's not really correct to say `` oh they want to stay in the uk '' there 's no crystal ball here , let 's just let scotland vote whichever way it wants to and respect whichever decision . 
  i feel really dumb for asking , but could someone explain to me what open standards actually are ? 
  ( please do n't judge me too harshly ), 
  factual but also made me laugh quite a bit , you sir won . 
  after tonnes of statistics that show how near-half and half the situation is in scotland and how one of the most convincing arguments was `` if we leave it 's no-go for the eu '' in the no campaing ... well . . 
  allow me to quote john cena and say : are you sure about that ? 
  one of us , one of us , one of us , one of us , one of us , one of us , * one of us , one of us * i 'm genuinely curious to see how this will turn out, 
  this , and the galaxy note 7 made me chuckle, 
  wait , it is ? 
  crap , i thought it was my country 's ( portugal ) and every other mediterranean country that 's uhh ... yeah . 
  we 're just the hospital bay of europe ( ps : give back our flag goddamnit ), 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm totes gon na sing this with my lithuanian friend over here . 
  look at her face . 
  embrace her look . 
  ** plunge into the dephts of her cold dead souless eyes **, 
  hehehe , thanks !, 
  i really could get up in this gig if i knew lithuanian ( i only know how to say like 3 words ), 
  can one of our lithuanian cuties please explain what they are singing and what the journalist says ?
