   education solved it , not rounding up people . 
  plus , there were not too many hitler supporters after the collapse of 3rd reich . 
  there is no solving it , it 's an ideology that still exists today . 
  as for claiming that there were not a lot of hitler supporters after the end of wwii , that is a gross statement to make , obviously nobody admitted to be fond of the former regime after it collapsed as there were * serious * reprecautions to those known to have cooperated . 
   it is allowed in the us to deny that , even holding swastika , giving hitler salute and etc. 
  us , in this regard at least , is far more ahead of europe . 
  you can not even compare . 
  both are legal in the netherlands , and most of europe . 
  it 's mainly germany and france that have such laws . 
   well , i do . 
  and ? 
   praising the colonialist/imperialist queens are not prohibited , whereas hitler is , hypocrisy at its best . 
  you can praise hitler , that is not prohibited , what * is * prohibited is to entice hate and discrimination against a specific ethnic group . 
  you can praise hitler 's charisma and the rudimentary steps his country took that later generated the moon landing , but you can not praise his decisions to attempt and eradicate a group of people in the most goresome ways . 
   the map you show draws a different picture . 
  either give a proper source or stick to the map , do not throw stuff out of your ass . 
  * for a third time * you misunderstand this map . 
  these are the countries with a * specific * law regarding holocaust denial , most other countries have an all-covering one . 
   source or this is my last comment . 
  there 's a great chapter about this in cohn-sherbok 's `` neo-nazism , holocaust denial , and uk law '' and it is all academically sourced and peer reviewed . 
  go buy a copy and learn something today . 
   where did i claim `` mighty high position '' ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  i am not representing turkey or anything . 
  general attitude towards that other user , and no , but thanks for asking . 
   then why are you even replying ? 
  again : are you retarded ? 
  because you did n't answer my question , perhaps you misunderstood it , and no , thanks for asking again . 
   ah , great that you showed this . 
  so it is the minority . 
  ... no , most people agree with the law , but the targeted population of the holocaust was most definitely a minority . 
   the name does not remain dirty when you jail people . 
  that 's stupid . 
  you 'd be amazed . 
  it worked wonders for europe in order to educate its people in the horrors perpetrated in wwii and established clear breaking away from that ideology . 
   yeah , that is why in the us for instance , there is nazism . 
  or that is why in rest of the world nazism is making to the parliaments . 
  the us government already took a stance against holocaust denial * multiple * times as well ... and nazism ( as well as similar ideologies ) is unfortunately alive and well , but it is thanks to proper education that we keep it at bay . 
   this is getting ridiculous . 
  i do n't care . 
   same thing can be said for queen elizabeth and aborgins , queen isabella and aztecs/mexicans , william of dutch and indonesians , ottoman pasha and armenians , etc. 
  this can go to the romans if you really want ? 
  yes . 
  that 's true . 
  nobody really denies that the netherlands committed atrocities in the past , and it 's taught quite extensively , just like these types of things in modern history should . 
  the reason why there is n't a law for these cases is that there has been no real attempts at doing so , whereas there has been * multiple * attempts at denying the holocaust . 
   most ? 
  the map you showed states a few states which are the minority . 
  and again you misread my comments . 
  i said that a * lot * more other states have laws regarding denial of genocide * in general * meaning that you can not deny any genocide ( including the holocaust ) . 
  furthermore even governments without such laws have other censorship mechanisms preventing the rise of such questions , as well as government mechanisms to fully ensure a position on the matter . 
  a * very * large majority of governments in the world thus oppose directly any denial that the holocaust did take place . 
  no need to surpass a province . 
  ** we own your ass ** ^ / s, 
   i am asking again : what does this have to do with the topic we are discussing ? 
  that to criticize another state and claim a mighty high position is very hypocritical on your part . 
   anyone can say anything , that is my stance . 
  whether turkish , german or dutch is not my interest here . 
  also , do not get personal . 
  i did n't ask for your stance . 
   stick to the topic which is being discussed . 
  we are not discussing turkish and german democracy index , for that , i can direct you to another thread if you really like . 
  we are discussing how retarded the law in germany is . 
  if you have something to add in that regard , go ahead . 
  if not , refrain from spamming . 
  thanks . 
  firstly my comments are n't spam but that 's your opinion i guess . 
  secondly , the law is not just in germany , it 's in [ all of these places ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial#/media/file:holocaust_denial_crime_2016.gif ) and more ( countries like australia and switzerland , via general laws that have the same effect ) the reason it exists is very clear : to make sure that you can not deny the holocaust so you can not clear nazi 's name as many attempted doing . 
  convince a bunch of people the holocaust never happened , then it 'll be far easier to clear the reputation of the ideology that has led to those events . 
  furthermore , it denies the genuine attempt to * eradicate * a group of people , and i am pretty sure i do n't need to explain to you that this can be considered extremely offensive to native minorities here . 
  we 've dealt with the ghosts of fascism for years on end , most of the world seems to agree with this ruling on the basis of never letting humanity butcher itself in such a way . 
   what does this have to do with anything lol . 
  that germany , in regards to freedom of expression , is better than turkey ( most of western europe is ) . 
   and what does this have to do with my personal take ? 
  well , you claim that this should be frowned upon yet would you also claim that it would be 100 % fine for turks to start saying the armenian genocide happened and they would * not * get punished ? 
  if so , go ahead . 
   you do n't have that talent , but not the talent of making sense either . 
  allow me to try again : ** you are coming across as a hypocrite for wanting to lecture on freedom of speech **, 
   they ruined shaved heads nah they are still cool , just wear them with the appropriate class and elegance  toothbrush mustaches !, 
  * that was ruined from the get-go *, 
  horseshoe theory holds true once more . 
  well , turkey jailed journalists for making fun of the erdo-sultan . 
  also , turkey still denies the armenian genocide . 
  i do n't really have the talent to make his point more obvious . 
  because * all * germans cooperated between 1933 and 1945 . 
  and also 2017 germany is still full of those pesky nazis of course ... germany needed to be rebuilt into a safe , cooperative , and stable republic , obviously they could n't trial every single member of the population that cooperated since you even needed to be a member of the party to go * grocery shopping * . 
  it would take decades and lead nowhere . 
  instead they took out the big shots , and secured germany away from those ideas to rebuild it and redirect it into what now is modern-day germany . 
  again you are entirely missing my point : ** do . 
  not . 
  law . 
  ** a man died , and there is a chance that there is going to be no trial . 
  i do n't care what the ruling is but i want there to be a juridical process that determines a just decision , not just a guy who * ran off * . 
  i 'm not , i am literally saying that he * did * kill a cyclist . 
  it was an unfortunate event but it is absolutely * no * excuse to merely evade the law . 
  if he were anyone else he 'd face legal action . 
  you kill someone , you go to court , you bare the court 's ruling . 
  be it at your favor or not . 
  makes sense , and i understand that this system definitely is better than what we had before . 
  i agree that we need to respect the rules if we expect them to do so as well .
