  uber and airbnb are creating havoc in other economic and societal fields though , for example uber technically has employees that are paid * far below * minimum wages in the netherlands and airbnb only helps tax avoidance in the belastingdienst . 
  i am all for these innovations but they need to abide the rule of law . 
   banned books , memorabilia , certain pharmaceuticals , etc. 
  you can still buy them elsewhere and import them , unless there is an actual national prohibition on them ( like weed in the netherlands vs weed in poland ) . 
  this works very similarly to how it does in the us , where even though there * is * a common market with common regulations , the states still have individual bans on certain products for a plethora of reasons . 
  been there , done that , in french supermarkets , british alcohol was more expensive * because it had a higher cost of production due to transport * whereas taxes , well , as part of the common market those were not a thing . 
   excise okay i 'll say it , it 's bloody excess . 
  you do n't pay double excise tax if the alcohol does n't leave the country my parents did n't pay taxes on the booze they bought in the uk and brought to portugal though . 
  there are no real taxes between eu countries and external taxes are the same for any part of the common market ( thus the term * common * ), 
   i am . 
  i 'm for as little regulation and governance as is possible . 
  anarchy seems * right * up your alley then . 
   such as ? 
  mine , where we got a massive malnutrition problem due to companies keeping on selling substandard products to us due to lack of regulations . 
  sure we 'd love to buy the better products but it 's not like anyone was selling them to us because they wanted to sell the cheapest product at the highest price . 
  so no , it does n't really work . 
   and their competitor can sell you a higher grade product , eating up their market share !, 
  ai n't competition great ? 
  would you like to say that to , for example , french telecom companies that have formed an oligarchic market and provide their clients with shit service while also collectively jacking up the prices , thus making them * all * more profitable without actually providing a better product . 
   there are quite a few things i can purchase on amazon.co.uk which would be illegal in other eu countries . 
  like ? 
  i bought products from amazon.co.uk just fine and i have never been to the uk even once ... be it in portugal or france , the website worked perfectly fine . 
  what you probably mean is that there are products proposed only in the british market because other countries tend not to buy them and thus it is not profitable to try and direct sales to them ( for example , the british clothing store bristol does not exist in france and primark is * very * new yet both exist and are a bit old news in the netherlands , whereas in portugal only primark exists , it is literally all about who buys what ) . 
  you said it , not me !, 
   try buying some alcohol from a out-of-country supplier and prepare to empty you wallet . 
  because we 're not independent of the eu , we ca n't negotiate free-alcohol trade between nations . 
  because you are part of the common market , thus if * you * open the doors then we all must , which we do not want . 
  if the uk was allowed to full-on do whatever the hell it wanted , then there would be no common market to * begin * with . 
   alcohol is a product on amazon . 
  again , this does n't answer my question because it is the * same * regulation all over the common market , so all the alcohol in amazon sold in the eu would comply to the same rule, 
   but you must label them as defective or substandard , which people just wo n't buy - despite how that standard may or may not affect the consumer experience ( in the case of the bendy banana - it was completely unaffective of the consumer experience ) . 
  i worked at two supermarkets , and people bought whatever type of banana they wanted . 
  the price of grade b bananas ( mostly due to irregular curvatures ) is far cheaper and also very attractive , unless you need your banana to be beautiful for aesthetic purposes ( like making a banana split ) or you need your banana to be a higher grade for consistency and texture purposes ( low grade bananas are great to be either cut into small pieces or smashed , taste the same as higher grade bananas but at a lower price ) . 
   does not speak to arbitrariness . 
  so i guess you 're also against british regulation then , considering they were nearly all the same as the eu regulations proposed during the building of the common market . 
   yeah ... not out here . 
  we do n't abide by nonsensical regulations like that . 
  you are still here ... we are * still * waiting for article 50 and you * still * abide everything . 
  furthermore , if a deal is to be reached the uk will not be able to sell substandard products to the eu , tariffs or not . 
   made possible thanks to free eu trade , polish slaughterhouses in particular iirc . 
  right , let 's just forget about the uk 's role and loop over regulations in its own slaughterhouses then . 
   sure , because the free market will swiftly eliminate the poor quality products as people choose to buy better quality . 
  or in some markets where quality makes very little difference ( e.g. 
  very little variance in quality of rice , so quality is not the important variable here ) the consumer is free to choose a lower quality option for a cost saving . 
  did n't work for other countries though , plus the lack of regulations will push companies to * all * give less of a fuck and thus generate all grown profits due to the fact that they can sell you a cheaper and lower grade product for the same price as before . 
  consumers are free to choose , but if i decide to sell cyanide-filled cereals for even * a day * in supermarkets and the uk can not stop me due to lack of regulations , i guess it 's fine if a few people suffer right ? 
  free unregulated market woo !, 
   indeed we may not , but it would be our choice . 
  `` we may not even change anything , but now we ca n't blame you '' okay cool . 
  you still have n't answered the * one * question i asked you : what the hell does this have to do with amazon being divided within the common market ? 
  the \u00c7 ? 
  * they seem to be compensating for something ... small ... *, 
   excise 10/10 also , what does this regulation have anything to do with the lack of a pan-european amazon service ? 
   eu regulations mean that goods must meet sometimes arbitrary standards : e.g. 
  bendy banana law . 
  the bendy banana law is literally just * a standard for grading bananas * you can sell any bananas you want just fine , but you grade them the same exact way every part of the common market does ... plus , the standards are far from arbitrary , they are discussed and accepted by every single member state ...  what would be acceptable to sell down the local market would not be acceptable to sell in the eu market . 
  nope , it would be illegal to sell products that do not meet standards , because the uk market as it is right now * is * the eu market . 
  this means that even * with * brexit you are illegally buying products that do not meet even british standards and can be potentially dangerous ( or maybe you * want * contaminated horse meat on your plate again ) . 
   if i want to purchase products which meet very high requirements ( i.e. 
  safety critical ) , then i 'll search them out : we do n't need a nanny state involved with every single aspect of our lives . 
  so you are ready to have the market flooded with bad quality products that can possibly by extremely deceiving and a public health risk ? 
  there is no developed country in this earth that blindly accepts any and all products . 
  by this you could legally sell apples with razor blades in them , because hey , fuck standards right ? 
  the uk is n't really going to give up standards at all , and it 's been * widely * reported that the uk may not even change regulations * at all * after brexit whilst concerning product safety and quality ... plus , what the hell does this have to do with amazon being divided within the common market ? 
  huh ? 
  but eu regulations are mainly against selective practices ( such as this one ) within the common market . 
  there is also a project for a common digital market that is currently underway that would effectively make this type of occurrence far less frequent in the eu . 
  no , because it signs an fta with the eu granting * some * access to the common market . 
  an fta would not require payments ( usually ) and would grant the uk * possibly limited access * to the common market , but by following all regulations that the common market does , this access can certainly be widened further and further . 
  it ca n't really just * create * its on efta nor really * be a part of * the common market due to the everlasting dispute over paid membership , as well as the famous `` freedom of movement '' debate , so to avoid cherry-picking , the uk would have to give up some access to other sectors as well . 
  plus it is unclear since there never has been a country that tried to follow eu regulations fully , but not join the eu/efta itself , this brings a whole question that legislation has not yet been created for , and since that country is not in the eu nor the efta and holds the power to change their own regulations on the fly , then it is easy to see how exactly this can be a detriment to the common market : the uk joins the common market obeying eu regulations , inside it the uk decides to dismantle eu regulations and props up british regulations , and before you know it britain has a degrading and unfair advantage over all other producers in the common market ( not to mention potential opt-outs in part of those ) . 
   the fact that every country has veto power is precisely what has the whole thing in a deadlock and results in never ending crises . 
  crises which are then exploited to push the eu in the same direction of further integration , creating gradually more discontent and therefore feeding nationalist parties . 
  the `` nice '' eu bureaucrats and europhiles can then drape themselves in their moral superiority and condemn the rise of fascism . 
  considering how exactly the veto procedure works , then no , not really , the crisis we 've faced recently really did n't involve deadlocks in the eu ( which i agree , definitely happen ) but rather external consequences and a lack of answer to them . 
  the answer has * usually * meant more integration , however as we can see recently and historically this is not always the case , just look at the solution revolving around a multi-speed europe to make those states who want to integrate more be given that possibility without forcing the ones who do n't . 
   commisssioners are unelected bureaucrats . 
  full stop . 
  the fact that the people appointing them are elected does n't change that . 
  the europarliament has very little say in the lawmaking process . 
  blame your national governments for not letting you select your commissioner then , because that power is entirely out of the eu 's reach and it does not have the power to * ever * force a directly elected commission onto member states should they disagree . 
  the parliament actually holds quite a hardline of power that has been growing in the more recent treaties , powers including entire rejection of proposed legislation , dissolution of part or of the * entire * commission , request of amendment , etc. . . 
  they work very similarly to national parliaments once taken into the european scale . 
   the eu funds are merely there to bribe the smaller central and eastern european countries to stay in the eu . 
  in reality , they are being sucked dry of their vital substance , their youth going to work in western europe . 
  we also use those to force migrant policies on them they do n't want . 
  the force migrant policies were not forced , the veto procedures were open and every country had the full right to refuse , but none did , every state accepted the proposal . 
  the sole difference is that in hungary and in poland ( and others ) they then turned their backs on what they said during negotiations and denied agreeing to them to use the eu as a scapegoat for political leverage , which is something * every * country has done before and keeps doing , yet is more detrimental than anything else ; due to this those policies were revoked . 
  as for `` bribing '' countries to stay , well , cohesion funds are not really bribes , they are a subsidiary system to be invested in infrastructure and civic and economic development ( something that eastern europe lacks compared to the west due to decades of being under dictatorial communist rule ) , so if you do n't want those funds that 's actually fine by me because they will likely start going more to my country than poland , estonia , romania , etc. . . plus it 's not like the eastern expansion was * immediately * given these funds , they are actually a recent thing , and initially the east was even excluded from the cap due to the fact that western member states were not yet ready to pay up for an expansion of that policy . 
  the youth is free to work wherever it wishes , and if the west is able to promote better attraction to young workers , what does that say about the east ? 
  the east is still very competitive to us in the west since you easily get more new industrial developments due to the cheaper price of labor and costs of living , so even western companies go there under the common market in order to produce products we all buy but for cheaper , which itself gives the east an economic boost . 
  if you want to leave the eu , there are * many many many * arguments for you to do so , but the ones you 've cited here here are n't really that strong . 
  you can be against , for example , the shapeshifting character of integration ( which * sometimes * is neo-functionalism , other times it 's more liberal intergovernmentalism ) or leave due to the inefficiency of certain member states regarding external borders ( greece and italy mainly ) , or leave based on the fact that you disagree with the social undertones that the eu promotes as well . 
  i do n't think any agency charges for certifications , however i am not sure and it can very well happen , since a lot of regulating agencies are ran more dependently than others and have the power to decide * how * regulation is applied . 
  copying regulations and making them the same would be entirely free , and * maybe * could open warmer dialogues for british access to the common market ( to know just how much access they can have ), 
  my pleasure . 
  may has been delusional on multiple occasions over the functioning of the eu itself , just listen to her speech in the last european council meeting ... 
  it 's tragically hilarious to say the least . 
  the uk , due to the eu 's current infrastructure , has 3 main choices : an efta membership , which would mean a reduced fee , as well as more controls over certain areas like fishing policies , but this would also mean full respect of the common market which includes the 4 freedoms , so this may be very unpopular . 
  not only that , norway 's current pm also hinted it * could * veto the uk 's efta membership on the basis that the uk would have too much say in the efta itself and would break the balance in that institution .
