  the issue is * not * getting better and as a result that is a constant strain on the permanent police posts in the area , thus these incidents ( which in my opinion are inexcusable ) will happen as a consequence of the lack of address of these problems and to some extent even the escalation of these . 
  it is primordial to me that these people are diffused and dispersed to fully integrate the job market and be self-fending and contributive citizens to society , instead of having these dense nucleus areas where education and employment are recurring issues and thus generates a vicious cycle that is harder and harder to break . 
   i also agree about welfare and education , but improving education is very very hard . 
  even improving it 30 % is going to be a huge problem . 
  throwing more money at it works to some extent , but it 's not a panacea . 
  i have given lectures in areas like this , and being a teacher there is much harder than in normal areas . 
  you need to be a superb teacher just to keep the kids under control , and there simply are n't enough superb teachers . 
  france has * excellent * education , but the truth is that it also has a very poorly designed system . 
  schools in france are competitive to get in , especially higher education , and due to our minister of education the standards have gone down quite a bit ( generating even * more * competition to access key parts of education such as high schools ) without making sure that the current schooling system can accommodate all students . 
  i was lucky because i spoke fluent english , so i got into a special class in a very good high school , but if i were n't and if i were a more average student , i 'd be fucked as my middle school even * disadvised * me to do a baccalaur\u00e9at g\u00e9n\u00e9ral ( the * normal * high school diploma that you need to do most education afterwards ) not based on my grades ( which were equal if not better than other students ) but based on my address and name . 
  of course a foreigner who lives in a shit area was told something very different , and got literally told to essentially leave the scholar system , than the average french student ; this is at the heart of the problem , because the french system is getting tested to its limits and it is not performing well enough . 
  i do n't think that throwing money at the problem will * ever * solve the issue , we 've been doing that for ages and it generated just the situation we began with : a poor ghetto area where crime thrives and education and employment opportunities are growing scarce . 
  the solution for me would be a restructuring of our answer to this socioeconomic issue that needs to be on both fronts : reindustrialize these areas to match the workers living in these areas to provide an economically sane environment for further development and growth , as well as tackle the social tensions and criminality issues more thoroughly . 
   that only works to a small extent . 
  if you went to saudi-arabia and they educated you on saudi-arabian values , would that change your mind ? 
  many of the mosques are now under control of salafists . 
  this will create huge problems in the future . 
  if i knew that if i went against saudi-arabian values i 'd face consequences including my deportation i would . 
  mosques must operate under the rule of law , and we must respect freedom of religion and thought * but * any propagation of calls for illegal actions must be stumped down immediately and with harsh consequences . 
  you can * think * whatever you want but you are not allowed to say shit like `` kill all jews/gays/gypsies / whatever '' and not be brought to justice . 
  should salafists be propagating illegal behavior and enticing it , then they must be brought to justice . 
   details like this are not really an issue . 
  if they can prove beyond doubt that they are family then you could give them welfare , or as i said just put the cut off at a certain date and refuse anyone who enters later than that date regardless of being family . 
  it is not a reason to do nothing . 
  i fully agree that something must be done , and i agree with your idea of welfare revokes , however i 'm unsure how exactly it would work in practice because i also fear that it can generate more beggars/criminals . 
  imagine a refugee that makes his way from syria into hamburg and gets accepted as an asylum seeker in germany , should he get no welfare and not find a job how will he provide for himself unless throug illegal means ? 
   not much of an issue with modern technology . 
  the common market is about much more than no border checkpoints . 
  you 'd be amazed to be honest , even though modern technology * is * definitely an amazing way to track what 's where and when , it is also still not full-proof and even the teeny tiniest check can easily accumulate traffic ( be it cars or even just passengers ) and before you know it there 's hidden expenses and inefficient trade ( just look at how * one toll between germany and the netherlands * fucked shit up ) . 
   the costs are negligible compared to the cost of the refugee crisis . 
  the costs of the refugee crisis wo n't go away , and by forcing the refugees to stay in italy and greece we will only generate a situation where the two countries responsible for the external borders are left to fend for themselves and will not be able to respond not only to the already overbearing demand of asylum seekers but also the ever-growing cost of guarding their borders . 
  europe must tackle its external border in a more cooperative manner , and by that i do n't mean necessarily giving border security measures to the eu , i mean that european countries must cooperate to guard our external borders regardless of our geographic position ; meaning that austria , germany , france , portugal , poland , etc. . . must all cooperate with italy and greece to keep our borders safe and the refugee crisis under as much control as possible until they can be sent back . 
  i 've been told by my colleagues that i go 0 to 100 like a pregnant lady * really * fast so ... #accurate . 
  be more nordic than estonia . 
   i understand that it is hard to escape these areas , but you did n't become a criminal did you ? 
  the social situation in these areas is not just an economic problem either . 
  i bet that crime would not at all disappear even if you doubled the welfare payments to the people in these areas . 
  these ghettos should have been prevented from forming in the first place , but once they are formed it is almost impossible to undo the situation . 
  i nearly did actually , and a good deal of my friends who previously were n't became some . 
  i believe that changing welfare for it to be higher will not be a solution at all , but reducing it can aggravate some aspects of the most empoverished ; what i believe truly needs to be worked on is not only the police response to these sometimes ignored areas ( policemen literally ignored my complaints for 2 years straight , and only until i contacted the police on another municipality was anything actually done ) but also work on educational institutions to give * no * chance of `` useless '' workers . 
  in the case of certain parts of france a big part of it is the very double-sided sword that is the french educational system that has failed these unfavoured regions quite supremely , plus these areas tend to also be underdeveloped in terms of economic prosperity and even are the grounds of industries that no longer are profitable for france ( like textiles ) . 
  the issue is not welfare , the issue is that welfare should function as a life-line and a trampoline back onto the societal ladder , via opportunity and education ( should theirs be insufficient ) but the fact is that we focused so much on welfare to just * maintain * the situation barely livable that there was no real full solution proposed . 
   the security concerns are the least of our problems . 
  many of these refugees/migrants hold views on women/gays/unbelievers that are considered extremely backward in the eu . 
  terrorism is just the tip of the iceberg , and it kills only a handful of people each year . 
  without terrorism the iceberg would be more invisible , and therefore potentially even more dangerous , so in a twisted kind of way we are blessed to have terrorism . 
  i still support that all refugees , regardless of where they come from , need to be educated on european values . 
  defiance of these values in more grave matters ( such as crimes based on religion , sex , or sexual orientation ) must be punished according to the rule of law with no exception , and the threat of losing asylum should be far more real to the ones who refuse to accept these conditions . 
   i 'm sure a solution can be found . 
  do n't count the members that arrived after x date , for example . 
  or allow welfare but require a dna test to prove that they are actually family to prevent people from setting up a system where somebody who is already in says that they are the family of somebody who wants to come in , in return for money . 
  what about families that do not share dna ? 
  plenty of children are adopted , and plenty of people are married to each other . 
   by eliminating internal borders . 
  it 's not just the eu , it 's the whole naive no-borders ethos . 
  so you want a return of the 80s to europe in terms of borders ? 
  this can effectively put an end to our common market and thus make europe * far * less competitive in economic terms . 
  not only that , even * with * borders between member states we never really had great protection between each other because we 're all pretty sure that poland has no interest on messing with hungary , and france would n't gain anything from messing with spain . 
  taking care of internal borders is also an extra cost and an extra obstacle , yet the gains on this would be highly contested . 
  also , remind yourself that schengen ( and to a lower extent the cta ) are deals made also with countries * outside * the eu and do n't really depend on the eu itself . 
   that is easy to solve : you can continue to give those who are already here welfare , but make it clear that anyone who applies after x date will not get welfare . 
  i 'd be pretty supportive of that , but then how would you account family allowances should family * members * come to the eu ? 
   by the way , the link between economic status and crime is only a correlation . 
  there is likely some causation , but a large part of it is probably not causal . 
  a large part is probably that there are underlying factors that cause both crime and bad economic results . 
  well , i 've lived in a really shite part of paris and it 's really a vicious cycle when it comes to lesser fortuned social classes . 
  the cycle not only drags you down even if you 're not even initially into it , but soon you are just judged even from * living * in such a situation that you often are blocked from accessing better opportunities concerning , for example , education and employment ( i had to lie on some applications to get accepted on some stuff , goes to show that there is definitely a problem here ) . 
  for me we should leave no excuse for them * not * to fully integrate correctly as well as value security forces more closely and more strongly in order to combat not only the current societal loops like these that already exist , but prevent them before they come up . 
   that 's no excuse . 
  the fact that the eu is not able to solve the problem is no excuse for causing the problem . 
  imagine that i push somebody out of an airplane . 
  somebody else on the plane says `` what the fuck ? '', 
  then i respond : `` but i did n't have a parachute to give him !!! '', 
  how exactly did the eu , an organization that can not push anything without the approval of its member states , cause the problem ? 
  is the eu making war in syria and ensuring that the refugees come here while also forcing member states take them ? 
  the eu could n't even force romania and bulgaria into schengen ... 
  * near , far , wherever you are . . *, 
  i bet some people on grindr had to say the same thing . 
  do n't engage him i 'm about 80 % sure he 's a troll account by now . 
   they are obsessed with the royals , fashion , sensationalism , general non-sense , berating people and brexit . 
  i swear this could totally be a lorde lyric . 
   piers morgan writes for the daily mail i think . 
  make of that what you will . 
  i did not know that , and i did not know that the daily mail could rank even lower for me ... 
  not fully . 
  that is only in the case they are a part of the common market ( which may already said that they are leaving fully as well ) . 
  so if they want free trade with the eu they would require an efta membership ( thus applying * most * eu laws to everything and also grant freedom of movement ) to still be in the common market ** or ** sign an fta with the eu and they will only need to meet eu regulations on * the products they export * just like the eu will need to meet british regulations on what it exports to britain . 
   population so pro-europe , and in favor of the union , has turned the other way ? 
  ... mate , if you read up on * any * part of the european project 's history even starting in 1947 you can see that there was always a clear case of this not really being the case . 
  britain valued free trade , which was very much a thing when they joined , but they do not believe in it further than that . 
  british politicians and government statements have always saw britain as separate from continental europe up until the 70s when they seriously needed to join in due to the fact that their economy was not being as competitive as the ec 's and thus they joined * with the goal of trade * . 
  the ec has faced many changes ( and for quite a few they were given opt-outs and special deals ) and the uk does not want to be a part of * the european union * which is what now exists . 
  it is best that they leave essentially , they want out they will get out and that 's about it . 
  in my opinion , it 's best if they have just an fta with the eu , thus having free trade as well as not being forced into being more deeply integrated nor having to obey most of our legislation or freedom of movement ( like norway does ) . 
  / thread the european medecines agency is moving too , makes sense , nothing to see here really . 
  [ the uk is part of the european union customs union , norway ( and the efta ) is n't ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_customs_union_ ) standard rules apply for the uk until they leave the customs union formally . 
  i think you 're right , but i also think that he ( and other eu officials ) are reacting the same way not * only * because of that but also because there 's no real vendetta against the uk . 
  based on what i 've read on the affair , it seems that the eu wants to negotiate with the uk calmly as usual , but also remain certain that the uk does * not * get a deal that goes against core values of the eu 's functioning , nor disrespects the eu 's legislation and rules * before * they actually leave . 
  so these calmer attitudes of sorrow and sadness will basically atone the eu 's stance as one * not * against the uk but one * for * the eu . 
  i found a collection of polls , and it shows a pretty unstable fluctuation between the pd and m5s , * right now * it 's 7 points in the lead for the m5s , but it switched already towards the pd on 8 different polls this month ( and back for some ) in 6 separate days .
