  my shoes are always clean thanks to that little entrance mat so what the heck am i taking my shoes off for ? 
  for me , french ideas are mainly the societal norms that make a place make sense for an average french person , it is unrelated to politics themselves as those are a * whole other * can of worms for france . 
  when it comes to politics , basically everyone will choose what 's best for france but mainly themselves ( nothing different from any other european democracy i think ) . 
  when it comes to `` french ideas '' , these involve for example how marriages occur and take place , or how the school system is , or how to approach someone you want to talk to , etc. . . a good example of this is something i personally never understood but just blindly followed because it was the norm in france : if you are invited to someone 's house you ( most of the time ) take off your shoes at the entrance . 
  this makes no sense to me , and i found it odd that french people did it when they came to my house , but it genuinely made them feel more at home . 
  it 's basically the basis societal norms that would make a place ( france or otherwise ) feel like a normal non-foreign one to a french person . 
  i think it goes without saying that french people are very proud of their country as it is still a pretty damn good one , and they grow attached to these normal french ways of acting and this status quo , so as a result they tend to also be less open to societal change than what you 'd think . 
   i understand , they do n't say it themselves but everyone know 's that 's what they stand for . 
  i always thought that with la\u00efcit\u00e9 , lgbt rights in france would have been fairly uncontroversial . 
  yes , you would think so , however religion is not at all the sole thing that can stand in the way of lgbt equality , and french people ( in my experience at least ) tend to be more socially conservative ( not necessarily a bad thing , but it * is * part of the challenges for , for example , adoption rights for gay couples or artificial insemination ) . 
  france is attached to what i started to call the french ideas , which are these joint ideals of what france should be like and how it all should work , and not a lot of people are comfortable with it changing , sometimes even if it is of no effect to them . 
  historically commissioned by none other than hitler himself . 
  i wish i were joking . 
  i remember watching footage of their rallies with guest speakers spewing * extremely * homophobic ideas , even calling for the end of gay rights in france ( took years to get here and they wan na go back on nearly all of it ) . 
  the fn itself does n't advertise that part of its programme , but it 's pretty clear that a * lot * of its older voter base ( it grew recently , ca n't speak for the newcomers ) is very much against the lgbt type progress . 
   about the chances of le pen , i was referring to the comment about someone with the most votes would deserve to win . 
  but with ratios in the 20s you do not represent the people , yet technicality and backdoor deals allow you to govern . 
  macron is the de-facto heir to hollande who happens to be the most unpopular president of the 5th republic . 
  this system is broken . 
  what do you recommend instead then ? 
  a system where there is less choice and plurality in order to have bigger percentages ? 
  macron and le pen both got around 20 % in the 1st round therefore they are the two choices that would please the most voters , in the 2nd round , only one with 50 % +1 will have presidency . 
  the preferred choice is taken by the people as they choose the candidate they agree with the most out of the two , because for example hamon only got like 8 % . 
  what exactly is broke and what exactly would you want instead ? 
   all eu rules ? 
  * achievement unlocked . 
  poland sets world record . 
  the antifa definitely exist within the eu , however * in france out of all places * they are far smaller both in numbers and actions compared to others . 
  imagine comparing apartheid south africa to today 's france and argue `` but there are also racists in france ! '', 
  context and scale is primordial and you seem to be forgetting those . 
  the states are n't even in the continent , their issues , their problem . 
  she was talking about * french * groups who protested this once . 
  same dialogue as her father , a proud holocaust denier who also said some pretty colorful things about the place of women in society ( oh the irony ) . 
  everybody protests in france ( seriously , it 's * very * common ) , and she kindly did n't mention how she gets immunity even though there is evidence pointing to her stealing 5 000 000 $ on fake job posts in her party . 
  she enjoys immunity but is * very * quick to point the finger is n't she ? 
   no the system was n't designed with le pen in mind . 
  yes , extremism . 
   it was a system designed for de gaulle . 
  funnily , he resigned . 
   plus what if le pen had had 24 % and macron 23 % ? 
  would le pen be justified to win ? 
  not with this system . 
  that would be impossible because the total sum between two candidates mathematically makes 100 % and * not * 47 % , unless of course you are predicting that 53 % of the voters are n't voting ( which is entire bullshit all things considered ) . 
   the reality of france is that a majority are for a stopping of the immigration debacle , but that due to this electoral system , they will have to choose between a shitty corrupt fascist fn or mainstream parties with no interest in stirring the pot . 
  so the system is not the problem , the problem is the parties within the system . 
  considering le pen i 'd actually take that offer ... * that 's saying something , considering my opinions on may 's decisions *, 
  so you * do n't * want the candidate with the most votes to win then ? 
  this is a binary 2nd round : one candidate vs one candidate ; whoever gets the most votes wins ... 
  the system was designed with extremism in mind , because france out of all places knows that democracy is very delicate and needs to be properly designed and thought out , otherwise we 'll have a rerun of the darker times in history . 
  if lepen/macron fails to appeal to the majority of the french electorate then why should he/she be declared president at all ? 
  i am gay and will not defend a woman that shamelessly wants my rights revoked . 
  check your own username ( unless you 're just a troll ) and then reconsider voting for the woman who invited a man who believes * gay people should not be citizens * to her podium for a rally . 
  not to mention , of course , that she is the leader of the fn , the same party that historically has been at the hands and mouths of holocaust deniers , racists , xenophobes , homophobes , and even sexists themselves . 
  this person has vile ideals for france and will uphold them at the cost of thousands of peoples ' stability and reassurance in life ; and that has no gender . 
  what possible jail prosecution were they facing to trigger these attacks ? 
  migration still remains at large at the hands of its own member states . 
  i 'd say far better border security and surveillance cooperation , because thus far we got italy and greece ( whom both are n't doing the best economically ) trying to control a pretty hefty stream of incoming illegal immigrants . 
  i think that better security against human trafficking into schengen is a high key point , and keep non-eu migration an affair of the member state itself ( perhaps a bit moreso than nowadays ) . 
  i feel pretty bad for asking but who 's vmro and what have they done ? 
  ** blessed be this copypasta jesus christ **, 
  to be fair , 90 % of what they do is mere talk and traditional ceremonies in those trades . 
  the trade missions they go on are very usually already sure things to come in the future . 
  when it comes to dutch representation in the world , i 'd say that even then our monarchy is not very useful * practically * but we still like it as it 's something the netherlands is proud of and wants to show the world . 
  * provides live cringe translations *, 
   wow she was fine . 
  would play with her under her anti-marxist posters/10 i know a dude who said she was great looking as well , and he 'd totes hate-shag her . 
  i myself am more of a [ young stalin ] ( http://i.imgur.com/epab23s.png ) type guy myself, 
  tot, 
  well , for me he 's more just like a mascot without the full-on be-all-end-all representation of the netherlands . 
  he is * a part * of what the netherlands is and what the netherlands is proud to be . 
  something we use to celebrate dutch culture and history , and to also further have a sense of identity . 
  something that though in practice pretty meaningless ( the king does n't really do anything but just be celebrated and give royal speeches ) still cheers us up every now and then . 
  i like having a king , he 's useless but i enjoy the celebrations that bring the netherlands together a bit closer than otherwise . 
  if we did n't have a monarchy anymore i would n't cry about it , but eh , i like it the way it is . 
  well , considering she 's a le pen , this unfortunately did n't surprise me ... 
  her mom * did * pose for playboy once though , that was pretty funny . 
   we embargoed them , and reagan sent an african american as an ambassador there . 
  still does not excuse the funding of certain groups in south africa that * wanted * racist policies to prevail . 
   do you mean where we put a stop to the kill-fest that was going on there during the 1990s ? 
  you got ta admit that we did a better job there than european nato did . 
  oh sure , the us did all of that , yes , mhmm , in its entirety . 
  the us supported yugoslavia during tito which made a * lot * of yugoslav citizens suffer for years . 
  you also supported franco , salazar , etc. . . but who cares right ? 
   wrong side of the iron curtain . 
  that was a soviet client-state . 
  did not stop the us from supporting it , as it supported hungary , bulgaria , poland , even east germany . 
   pretty sure that `` forgot '' is entirely the wrong word . 
  we 've since been pretty upfront about what went on with this . 
  which is what the czechs need to start doing with their baggage . 
  the czechs fully admit their history , and * it 's taught extensively * just like any part of wwii , yet the same can not be said for americans at all since your history classes casually leave out * a lot * of your own history . 
  why is it that i am taught about how my country 's past killed its own and had an extremely hostile population , yet whenever it comes to the americans who come here , it 's always `` america was great , still is , reagan was awesome , we never did anything wrong ! '', 
   so ... the reddit equivalent of `` i know you are , but what am i ? '', 
  no , it 's me calling you out on an entire lie you fabricated . 
  the czechs admit their historic role in wwii fully . 
  well , that 's part of it , yes , the funds are also there to promote certain key elements of change that are not linked to effects of the single market . 
  for example , a lot is invested in cultural development because it has been proven that certain cultural characteristics and fields can promote significant economic growth as well as promote a better platform for expression ; there is also the question of environment which also receives a lot of funds in order to turn the eu into a greener place * without * decimating what 's already there ; the list goes on and on . 
  i believe that the eu funds that * are * used in order to counteract the free-market important drawbacks of the single market should also be tied to european integration , and in practice they are . 
  the eu wants * all * of the eu to be successful economically and socially , this requires coherence between the states , and such coherence will only really keep growing if certain values and norms are set in place and * fully * followed ( something obran is n't too keen on doing ) , otherwise , the union wo n't really work . 
  the eu definitely has problems right now , some due to its design and limitations in some fields ( like the terms and conditions of border protection in schengen , in my opinion ) . 
  it is , however , not correct to say that eu funds are a mere economic par-to-par with the negative effects of the single market , as these funds have always come with additional conditions and terms ( some of which orban would * very * happily ignore , such as the terms of the ecb regarding the erm ii ) .
