  thirdly , family values , that 's something far more individual and i do n't really know anyone who put their parents in an old folk 's home . 
  sure , it happens , but is the alternative even better ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  people live far longer now and leaving them at home whilst you work as was done in the past is irresponsible on a lot of cases , thus you need to provide care for your parents even when you are not around . 
  fourthly , for fashion you can dress as whatever you wish , and how we prefer comfort and have different standards , or should we go back even further with fashion trends to the times of big white puffy wigs and corsets with an amazingly ridiculous amount of buttons and even health hazards ? 
  fifthly for migration , you are basically complaining that areas are unattractive and people are leaving ? 
  this has been happening since history began . 
  if there is nothing holding you to a place , why would you stay ? 
  sixth , for crafts , ** i live in a cargo container that was refurbished using modern technology to be turned into a house ** . 
  dare to tell me we do n't recycle as much . 
  seventh , taking care of children , you want parents to give you even more money ? 
  the `` young consumer '' culture dates back to the mid 70s , and is quite a recent development to begin with , furthermore now kids can develop a future for themselves in the continent without the burden of always being in need of financial shit . 
  and last but not least , parks . 
  you want parks from the past ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i appreciate that yes , culture was fascinating in the 1800s and 1900s but to entirely remove social problems as well as being highly disingenuous of what cultural constrains these had is not a solution . 
  what * you * want is a superficial change to europe 's face so we * look * old timey but uphold modern societal values , yet ignore that there is merely less and less place for constant constrains . 
  one of the pillars of european cultures is equality among humans , just look at our history and what tendencies we took to unite our communities , countries , peoples , etc. . . and now you would like to just say `` oh women 's rights and gay rights are n't connected ! '', 
  even though that is a blatant lie . 
  you talked about social norms , social norms are part of culture , should you adopt social norms of an older society you will inevitable be adopting older values such as wanting * me * to get prosecuted . 
  ** you focused on visuals and ignored all the rest , you focused on the 10 % of culture that you wanted and ignored the other 90 % that caused it , we evolved from so and will keep going as does the world **, 
  back then we did n't have half the technology we do today , life changed * immensely * with the mere invention of the phone already . 
  you can not keep the same exact lifestyles while the rest of the world evolves . 
  what we did to our culture is what every single human did to theirs : we have evolved as part of our course in history . 
  we did n't `` genocide '' anything , we merely evolved . 
  what is it about european culture that we had back then but lack today , and why do you think it 's needed ? 
   yeah , terrible . 
  yet you 're the one romanticizing it . 
   europe had culture , now we have an anti-culture . 
  europe still has culture , and anti-culture itself is quite a cultural construct to begin with . 
  if there were no culture to begin with how would there be an anti-culture ? 
  also are we going to ignore the artistry that continues on today in the continent ? 
   what kind of trouble ? 
  how does actual government prosecution sound to you ? 
  let 's ask alan turing how he fared when accused in courts of gross indecency just for having a relationship with a man , and even being forced to undergo painful hormonal treatment for merely that reason ; not to mention the termination of his clearances to continue his scientific research thereafter . 
  europe evolved , times are new and better now . 
  we can glorify the past all we want but we should never forget the reality that pushed us to grow this way . 
  europe * does * still have multiple cultures , that continue to develop and flourish , and europe * is * still far better than before in regards to social , economic , and political status and standard practices . 
  i too miss the times where my mother could probably never find a job and would be submitted to the wills of my father , and i 'd probably be in a world of trouble for merely loving men . 
  europe has culture , just look at the artistry in berlin , or paris , or the hundreds of art galleries in amsterdam . 
  you want to go oldschool ? 
  sure , but remember that culture evolves and europe is n't really going to stay behind on that regard . 
  or maybe they merely prefer * not * to be a part of the european project and instead are happy just having very warm ties ? 
  are we seriously gon na pretend the euro and the eu itself do n't have flaws and it 's all because `` lol fuck the poor ones ! '' ? 
  switzerland is neutral for everything and probably forever , thus they do not want to join anything including the eu because the eu itself is arguably * not * neutral . 
  norway not only wants to keep sovereign control over key parts of their legislation ( fishing industry because the eu-wide regulations are quite poor ) but also merely would have a * huge * contribution to pay for not a whole lot of say . 
  not to mention that * neither the euro nor the eu are perfect and though i love both i do n't blame others for not wanting it *, 
  treaties of this type , since they touch up in a * huge * number of different potential differences and penal codes , are subject to an agreement on trials should they be broken . 
  it 's one thing to sign a free trades deal , but citizens living , working , and accessing social services of 27 other states is an * entirely * different scale of paperwork and potential violation . 
  if within the eu there are sometimes clear infractions of these rights , what makes you think that a treaty of this type will not need a court in the case of a * third country * which left the eu itself with a strong anti-immigration sentiment ? 
   what do you propose though ? 
  that the uk courts have supremacy over eu courts when it comes to uk citizens in europe ? 
  do n't be so silly !, 
  imagine that the eu ( or the uk ) passes legislation that directly opposes the deal . 
  to what court must this issue be taken to ? 
   yeah , this is a peculiarity that i do n't quite understand myself . 
  dual citizenship seems pretty normal to me . 
  i expect that granting indefinite leave to remain or equivalent is more likely . 
  dual citizenship seems very normal to me too , and i agree that granting a residence and working scheme for uk citizens is possible , however we can not ignore the uk 's stance on migration . 
  is the uk willing to take in eu immigrants ? 
  as shown by the multiple agreements where citizen 's rights were concerned , during negotiations * all * eu citizens are to be treated more equally than ever before ; thus posing the problem . 
   i 'm actually talking about citizens , not trade . 
  we will be happy to do a like-for-like deal on citizens being granted the right to remain , but we will not accept eu courts ruling on rights of people within the uk . 
  so if one side violates its end of the agreement ( which happens already within the eu , with and without the uk ) , what juridical procedure is to be taken ? 
  which court has a say ? 
   citizenship is not an eu matter . 
  countries are free to grant citizenship or residency as they feel . 
  malta 's citizenship is basically for sale , for example . 
  that is true , though the recognition of certain citizenship 's privileges is still under eu influence . 
  for example there are certain constrains for higher education for croatian citizens that will be abolished only in 2018 , and norwegian , swiss , icelandic , and lichtesteiner citizens get * far * more privileges than others . 
  furthermore there are also free * travel * arrangements made with certain citizenships that are not available to others . 
  granting citizenship is one thing , but keep in mind that for a lot of countries ( such as the netherlands ) you are required to * reject * any and all previous citizenships in order to be grated the dutch one via the naturalization process . 
  this thus can create a binary choice for british citizens living in the netherlands : are they dutch and give up on the uk or vice versa ? 
  unless a deal is struck under the current legislative and juridical system , it is * very * hard to say . 
   i expect there will be a deal with the eu ( as long as it backs down on demanding eu law imposed on uk ) to interact with the common market you must obey its rules . 
  free trade is possible but the produce you sell must be in accordance to regulations on those products . 
   or individual member states . 
  that 's something * trump * said . 
  it literally is impossible because within the eu we have * one * common market and also all members are part of a customs union , therefore you need to negotiate with all or none . 
  ... the uk is not in schengen . 
  romania is not in schengen . 
  without the eu , chances are the baker would not have a job and a residence in the uk . 
  your point : trump is n't an idiot , he just * acts * like one my point : it does not change the fact that he is acting like an idiot and should be regarded as such . 
  when did i say anything about an endorsement ? 
  trump acts like an incompetent stereotype from a really bad movie , thus i think it 's * very * natural that everyone 's gon na treat him as such . 
  act or not , he 's still fully in control of his actions . 
  imagine that this person in your workplace acts like a bitch to everyone , but is kind to their friends . 
  you can argue `` oh that person is actually nice !, 
  they just act like this ! '', 
  but the reality is they are a bitch cold cut and dry . 
  is trump acting like an infantile orange donut as president ? 
  yes , thus , he 's going to be regarded as such . 
  okay so trump just * acts * like a brain-damaged incompetent for political gain ? 
  how does that make it better in the least ? 
  so you 're saying that trump , who has caused nothing but havoc and alienate age-old allies , is actually just playing the political game so it 's okay ? 
  he 's just as bad as geert wilders and nigel farage , prying on ignorant minds to advance horrid political goals that do not benefit them . 
  face it , the us elected a greedy cheeto . 
  then there will be * no * soft brexit , easy as that . 
  i personally do n't think that there is gon na be one , but i was just saying that if the uk took that stance , it would most likely be welcomed, 
  anything can still be accepted , and i think you will find that a soft brexit , since it 's better for both the uk and the eu , is definitely a welcomed idea for a lot of eu leaders .
