  it was an example , i think a lot of european countries would be against it , both west and east . 
  no , and i disagree , i believe that there is a far bigger range of options available to have a healthier relationship with russia . 
  the sanctions clearly are n't working , and for me , they seem to actually just aggravate the situation , so i think we need something else . 
  yalta was largely about the reorganisation of europe after wwii , right ? 
  well , there 's nothing here to reorganise so i 'm not sure what you mean by yalta 2.0, 
  i honestly think this is a very good stance for serbia . 
  it is not in the eu and thus it uses its rightful power to choose what they judge to be the right decision . 
  i love the eu , but i do n't think that our sanction-rain on russia is working , we should probably try other methods for a better relationship with russia, 
  i do n't think there 's a permaban , but i think that we 'd need approval from all member states to let turkey in , and i do n't think that cyprus , or hungary , would really let turkey in ... 
  then again , it 's * sweden *, 
  ... yeah let 's invade something else ... * oh hi there london , still want to remain in the eu ? 
  well , we can help ... *, 
  * time to bring aansluit to atlantis * voor oranjeeeeeeee . 
  did n't you invent them to begin with ? 
  hush my little precious belgian brother , have a joke about the dutch and the french : why do the dutch say belgian jokes so much ? 
  because they are * cheap * why do french cities have so many trees ? 
  because germans prefer to march in the shade . 
  it 's a stereotype , and i 'm sorry to say it , but that 's the one belgium got ... [ this thing seems to sum up everything about it ] ( https://theculturetrip.com/europe/belgium/articles/13-stereotypes-about-belgium-that-people-get-completely-wrong/ ) and it even accurately says :  most french and dutch jokes about the belgians come down to the same thing : belgians are not very bright . 
  i 'm not dutch but that is very damn true * fuck that sadistic wet bastard , reclaim his goddamn lands *, 
  i 've lived in france and the netherlands and there 's a common consensus that the stereotype of the belgians is not very bright people who complicate everything . 
  for the netherlands is more ridiculously stingy caravan-lovers . 
  at least it 's still a beautiful song . 
  i wonder how it would sound like in other nordic languages , specially norwegian nynorsk , that should be weird and interesting . 
  does finnish count as a nordic language ? 
  really ? 
  man , dutchies really do n't know how to deal with the sea without dikes ... 
  is n't it ? 
  i mean , it 's pretty damn implied ... 
  i had a re-listen and holy crap i never noticed how it does n't mention sweden once yet it 's very much `` fuck yeah sverige '' . 
  damn . 
  from what i can get the swedes are the belgians of scandinavia , just generally very lacking in intellectual skills . 
  these are awesome jokes , oddly enough i 've heard a couple of them said but in regards to belgians or italians . 
  oh my god please continue . 
  i love these sorts of things , haha . 
  oh i know . 
  * believe me i know * it 's one of the many reasons why i started to believe that maybe god really hates me . 
  but we still have n't gotten rid of the sea ... * that cold wet sadistic bastard *, 
  my grandma used to say that it only gets foggy in places god wants to erase ... hey belgium , how are * you * doing ? 
  here in amsterdam it only seems to be popular with young adults ( around their 20s ) and it 's usually just `` let 's dress up and get drunk at the borrel like usual but this time with * feeling * !, 
  really ? 
  yeah , now it is , kinda like `` and i reiterate motherfucker : do . 
  not . 
  i think it often goes understated just how powerful ( and sometimes very useful ) historically . 
  they did fight the bosheviks before . 
  i lost my shit at that , and a polish colleague of mine told me something even more ouch-like about poland ... 
  the polish national anthem in the interwar period was `` poland is not yet lost '' ... then 1939 came about and ... yep . 
  i want to hug you and offer you cookies . 
  i am too , but i study in amsterdam and we 've got a few british students here n there , you can imagine how the situation is the opposite for them unfortunately . 
  worst of all , i 'm doing european studies ... there are many `` i voted remain '' stickers on their laptops . 
  my parents actually went on a huge shopping spree on amazon.uk because everything was briefly cheaper , they got some good deals out of it . 
  my friends are also postponing paying their tuition fees in the uk because the more the pound falls , the less they pay ( it 's a fixed 6 000 # with no possibility of changing in their case ), 
  i thought that it was nuts that fucked . 
  or maybe nuts that were derived from the act of fucking ... man , composite words present so much ambiguity xd, 
  it got better . 
  yeah i know it is , fun flag , reminds me of a hotdog stand . 
  i always look forward to these , they always give me a good laugh . 
  i 'm printing the one about wallonia being represented by the red rooster as a poster and giving it to my walloon friend , this is definitely the kind of stuff he loves . 
  english gopniks !, 
  those arguments really are what i think is the reason behind nostalgia . 
  i remember when i moved from portugal to france , it 's as if i forgot exactly why i moved and could only remember the good in my past situation , even if my situation was better in france it did n't feel so until i went back to portugal and remembered why exactly i left . 
  i also understand that for ex-gdr citizens , it can be quite a brutal change to go from a socialist state that constantly kept you inside and under their power to having your whole country disappear and instead become part of your neighbour 's country . 
  sure , east and west germany both were germany , but i feel like east germany had a different identity , that now is gone , and west germany now is the whole of germany . 
  it 's for the best that germany is reunited , but i think it 's a natural process for east germans to miss their own country and the older days . 
  with time everything will just be the past and these differences wo n't exist anymore . 
  i understand , but for me i think that even * if * you ruin the landscape , there must be more sacrifice and commitment to these windfarms . 
  i believe we have a lot of beautiful sights , and if wind turbines ruin a little but significant number of them , then so be it , because i 'd rather to have an uglier but more ecological world . 
  again , i understand that this is subjective , but it 's how i feel about it . 
  that makes sense , and the host family i talked to explained to me why they often find themselves glorifying the gdr : they merely felt life was a lot less complicated , and a bit safer , but they understand that they grew up under very different conditions and for their kids , germany is a perfectly good place as is to live . 
  thanks for explaining this , and sorry to everyone else for going off topic, 
  then you win eurovision , you 're closer to sweden anyways , ask them for tips, 
  i 'm actually portuguese , and then lived in france for a few years , and * then * moved to the netherlands . 
  i 'm a borderline gypsy at this point . 
  ... but you 're a finn , since when do you let russia win anything ? 
  i never understood those arguments against turbines . 
  sure , it 's a change in landscape , but i remember driving through portugal and see tonnes of the things , and it all still very much looks beautiful . 
  the turbines actually make it look even better in my opinion , gives it that peaceful but civilised look . 
  yeah i know , hence why i was confused to see it as the first character in the word i was like '' ... but what 's supposed to be soft then ? '', 
  you just saved me very embarassingly stupid questions for when i start my russian course xd thanks !, 
  they do n't call it m.a.d. 
  for nothing, 
  that 's interesting , and also a shame , but with time hopefully east germany will get back on its feet . 
  what do west germans themselves think of east germany ? 
  sorry about the questions , i 'm just genuinely curious, 
  oooh , i will admit i get the \u0411 very often mistaken by the one who does n't have that thing on top , and the b that looks like a 6 ( sorry , i do n't have a russian keyboard nor do i know the names for them ), 
  ah , thanks for the precision . 
  i know that economically the ex gdr still has some work to do , but how different is it socially ? 
  is there , like , a significant difference in people there ? 
  all i 've noticed is that some `` western '' food names were sometimes replaced . 
  username checks out ... #bye, 
  really ? 
  damn , i 'm actually amazed . 
  [ this part right here , right ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/europe_map_kazakhstan.png ) please do not let them win eurovision oh god . 
  when we let russia host it in 2009 it was a timezone disaster ... 
  as a gay euro piggybank : burn the heathen !!, 
  entirely out of curiosity : is there a spelling rule for that ? 
  as soon as i saw this i felt so damn poor ... oh woe is me i do n't have my own washing machine , oh woe is me if only i had a car . . 
  i already feel like i have a very good life and i do n't really have television , a washing machine , or a car . 
  this is either incredible satire , or just lazy and downright distasteful * journalism *, 
   kazakhstan [ has ] european land where ?
