   oh , the ttip is dead . 
  there is no question on that . 
  it died the day trump killed the tpp & re-aligned us in a protectionist direction , which is one of the few things he has been consistent on & committed too . 
  we know , and i 'm pretty happy with that at least . 
  here in the city , it 's not really family-owned but more like owned by one person and their family works there . 
  it mainly is the case for restaurants or stores , something small like that . 
  whenever it 's something small i think people really do n't care at all , it 's just the way they do things and as long as they put good food on my plate for what i 'm paying all is well . 
  keep in mind that over here this is already very small cases here and there , and in my experience these do n't really tend to be nepotistic . 
  sure they hire family members but they are usually small jobs and they hire the first person they can find for it ( maybe you if you 're close to them ) . 
   can you point out how exactly canada has a truly higher quality standard than america ? 
  [ here 's a good article i found on the differences between canadian and american food safety standards ] ( http://sourcenutra.com/a-brief-introduction-to-the-differences-between-canadian-and-american-food-laws/ )  especially in relation to how deeply & massively interwined the canadian economy is with the american economy , and hiw ceta is basically a carbon-copy of the ttip . 
  firstly , it is n't a carbon-copy of the ttip at all , it was actually quite watered down , and even the ceta met the same problem over big corporations taking the lead on everything . 
  although the canadian and american economies are heavily intertwined , this does not mean that canada follows the same laws as america nor do they produce the same exact thing , which is * the * difference that for me makes the ceta more desirable than the ttip . 
   because , personally , the only real difference i see is anti-americanism defining the difference . 
  if anti-americanism was an issue here we 'd stop letting americans get in through our visa waiver programme , the same way americans do with some of us , or we 'd stop cooperating by our own terms and do n't really need trump to do so . 
  the real issue here for a lot of us is that the us gives corporations * far * too much power ( just look at the way it `` bailed '' airlines a few years ago ) and its production standards are too different from ours . 
  no , not really , because obama and merkel are not angels themselves . 
  i am pro-eu but i respectfully disagree with our politicians at times . 
  trump 's opinion flip flops more than italy in both world wars and the * one * thing he knows how to do is to refuse anything that is n't protectionist , and putin ( back it the day ) did not want the eu to do pretty much * anything at all * except die , and that probably has n't changed . 
  i do n't see a favorable change with the ttip as it was , i think that it needed * way * more work , however , i see more benefits with the ceta or the fta currently being discussed with japan , because their standards of products more closely resemble european ones ( though not fully ) and their governmental and legal system does n't constantly bail out and benefit huge corporations as much as the us . 
   and the king really ? 
  damn , til . 
  i was against the ttip , however i did not our relationship with america to * degrade * . 
  i wanted it to maintain a cooperative and understanding reasonable stage where both sides can focus on smaller elements like visa waivers or mutual education equivalence , etc. . . as well as focus on maintaining security both in our countries , and abroad . 
  but the ttip was a step too far for me . 
  trump is already fucking up the relationship the eu has with the us with a lot of what you 've mentioned , and i am pretty sure a * lot * of us did n't want that . 
  now , our course of action will be to respond to less and less american cooperation by replacing it with heightened european action in the levels we need ( like defense , since nato miiiight take a hit and russia has a new friend ) . 
  well , if you ever stop by , just go to those stores and get some , they usually have colored ones though , not with the red bull design . 
   whatever `` german '' refers to here : ethnic groups : german 91.5 % , turkish 2.4 % , other 6.1 % ( made up largely of greek , italian , polish , russian , serbo-croatian , spanish ) same as it does in statistics in the uk and france , they literally make people fill out a piece of paper and choose whatever they identify with . 
  the thing about this is that it 's about * ethnic identification * and if you dna test anyone in the world you 'll see that historically they are not purebred at all , there is no such thing unless you * engineer * a human being . 
   race is n't a scientific concept . 
  racism is basically just discrimination based on how someone looks or their cultural heritage . 
  there is a clear look and cultural stereotypes associated with mexicans , turks , etc. 
  as a whole that makes discrimination against them fall into the category of racism . 
  if we were to take the definition of race literally then anti-arab and anti-mena discrimination is n't either racism since arab/mena are n't `` races '' ( caucasoid , negroid , mongoloid ) . 
  my point exactly , i look like i 'm from the edges of north africa ( fair chance my ancestors did , i do n't know and considering my country 's history it 's not exactly far fetched ) and i am not discriminated by being an arab because i am not one in the least . 
  i am european like all of my family for centuries , and if you discriminate me * based on the way i look since i am indeed darker * then you are being a racist , but if you * judge me because i come from x country * then you might be acting like a xenophobe . 
   tell me how he 's supposed to ban every single ethnic turk ? 
  he 'd have to censor people with turkish names which takes a while to do . 
  just flat out banning people from turkey is much easier than banning ethnic turks . 
  it is , but it nos not the same as banning ethnic turks , so it is , by definition , not racism but xenophobia . 
  both are forms of discrimination that should be frowned upon so i still do n't get where you 're getting with this . 
  i saw very similar chairs for sale here in the netherlands in an anwb store , and * i think * as well in blokker . 
  i dunno , i thought these were the most common chairs ever actually, 
   this is just being blind . 
  when people call germans `` nazis '' its obvious they mean ethnic germans . 
  not everything has to be spelled out . 
  what exactly is an ethnic german though ? 
  even in the 40s and 30s the germans already had mixed with the french and the poles etc. . . 
  there is no such thing as a pure-bred anything , we 're all mixes of this and that , but some of us are white , some of us are asian , some of us are black , and then some of us are mixes of those as well . 
   people that tend to hate turks hate them for ethnic reasons rather than for the citizenship they hold . 
  this reminds me of the obviously racist trump supports saying that mexican is n't a race so they ca n't be racist against mexicans after calling them a barrage of insulting stereotypes . 
  you can be racist against a mexican the same way you can be racist against any single person on earth : by discriminating them on the basis of * race * . 
  discriminating because they are mexican is xenophobia , which is n't racism , but is not to be supported at all . 
   no , he could n't `` easily '' start cross-checking names . 
  it is 100x harder to ban turkish people by looking up every turkish name in existence than to simply ban their country . 
  his basis for banning turkey is negative experience with ethnic turks . 
  if there was some way he could ban ethnic turks in europe , i 'm sure he would . 
  it 's not really that hard considering it 's * a bloody group on facebook * so settings can very easily be propped up for that usage . 
  this was a ban against * turkey * and * turkey * does not automatically equal * ethnic turks * just like * ethnicity * does not dictate who you are . 
  i am hella darker than the people in france and yet check my passport , i 'm french . 
   so you believe that calling germans `` nazi '' as a form if cheap insult has nothinf to do with racism since the term german denotes a citizenship ? 
  yes ? 
  i mean , i 'm sorry to be the bringer of the great gong of the truth but germans are mixed when it comes to race . 
  it 's xenophobia and should not be tolerated but it is n't racism . 
  german designates a person that follows a certain type of lifestyle and identifies and follows a certain culture , regardless of race since germans tend to care a lot less about ethnic appearance and more about individual behaviour ; hence why americans that say `` oh i 'm german/irish/french , my grandfather was from [ city/country ] '' make nearly all europeans cringe . 
   do you really think his sole basis of defining a turk is based on whether they have turkish citizenship ? 
  no , for me the basis is behaviour . 
  an ethnic turk born and raised to , let 's say , french culture and standards in france , is not turkish , it 's french . 
   he is more likely to prefer ethnic armenians living in turkey ( whatver tiny minority is left ) over ethnic turks living in germany . 
  his banning of turkish citizens is based on his negative stereotyping of ethnic turks , and he could care less if a few kurds get caught in the crossfire . 
  yet he did not ban turkish citizens from germany did he ? 
  he banned * people in turkey in general * , whereas if he wanted to ban * turkish people * then he could very easily start cross checking names and focus on that . 
  / thread . 
  * okay now i 'm scared *, 
  nawww you guys are adorable !, 
  i 'm not really sure * what * it is about it but it just really makes me feel a bit pampered whenever i eat it . 
  like , it 's just so damn convenient and well thought out in shape and the taste always satisfies me to the point i do n't need to eat a lot of it to feel satisfied . 
  for example stroopwafels , they are super cool snacks that are tasty and always leave a nice after taste , or kroket , which i ate for most of my life and do not count on stopping because it 's bloody amazing , bitterballen , poffertjes , hagelslag , ontbijtkoek ... 
  they are all very simple , tasty snacks , that make your life feel a bit more * gezellig *, 
  aaaah , how about pronouncing the \u00fe ? 
  i thought it was the fusion between b and p and tried to pronounce it as something in the middle once ... it 's hard, 
  okay hold up but you are saying that all people of turkey are turks ( which they are not , just considering that there are kurds and other significant minorities there as well ) and that all turks are one exact same race . 
  by my logic you are correct , because if you go to berlin you may meet black , asian , white , etc. . . people who are fully german . 
  race does n't really have much of a nationality when you are talking about `` the people who live in this country '' because he can still be turkish but if he lived in germany he 'd be fine . 
  i hate to say it but after that mep that said that women are inferior to men in parliament , this does n't shock me ... 
  i seriously hope this is merely a bad wave for poland , and that in the future it 'll be over and a better and more comprehensive state of affairs takes over . 
   lots of stuff around gender/homo/lgbt propaganda , ... what stuff ? 
  sorry , i 'm not up to par with a lot of polish media . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's about the same i think . 
  i personally have never ever seen one . 
  just in the media like once or twice . 
  [ wilders in general ] ( http://nltimes.nl/2017/02/06/wilders-accuses-d66-leader-siding-terrorists-twitter-spat ) he fucking knowingly photoshopped a picture of another politician into an islamic protest in london in his twitter . 
  i am not joking . 
  [ there 's a whole whopping number of at least ** four ** in lithuania ] ( http://www.baltictimes.com/latest_syrian_refugee_family_arrives_in_lithuania/ ), 
  it is quite gay friendly , but it is n't middle eastern-friendly . 
  it does n't really matter if you are a refugee , an ex-muslim or whatever , you 'll still be viewed as an arab and there are prejudices against them that are still present today . 
  well , that 's what my eastern european friends say , i look pretty dark but not really arabic ( mainly different facial features and hair ) so they * sorta * see some bosnian in me . 
  i personally think i might look like a typical iberian had sex with a north african , and they had me . 
  i 'm mediterranean as fuck ( portuguese represeeeent ) and i really love dutch cuisine itself to be honest .
