  as you said , occupancy rates are already close to 90 % , which is quite odd for a city with such a high rate ; but that 's the explanation , it 's that both spain and portugal have tonnes of * tiny * hotels that count as such , but do not provide the same quantity of capacity as , say , a huge express holiday , or an ibis . 
  even * if * this were n't the case , you just said that in august-october as well as may the occupancy rating is around 90 % , so based on these numbers there are around 1 400 hotels available should they be all equal in size , thus there is still a hefty 600 missing hotels to fit capacity , so there needs to be an increase on the * available * hotels by around 42.8 % . 
  this , however , is a terrible solution because it would not be very savvy economically . 
  thus there needs to be more care to this area , and a more evenly spread out tension during the event as well . 
  it 's been done before with different cities to make sure that there were n't any price hikes that would damage sales nor too many new service providers that * after * the event would have to just pray to cam\u00f5es for another one and could be at a brink of bankruptcy . 
  i keep forgetting there 's not one there anymore , sorry . 
  there used to be this really odd deal with portugalia back in the days , but it effectively was ended ages ago . 
  i think that not only does portela need a boost on its logistics capacities ( not only in terms of security , but also in terms of genuine performances ) . 
  i think that transport connections to other airports such as porto can be a great solution , although i think it needs to be better calculated , because you would need to inform incoming tourists of the whole thing ( if they do n't know , why would they book flights to porto instead of lisbon ? ) . 
  there also needs to be more options than just the trains , or at least the trains must be prepared to deal with a heavier dosage . 
  the web summit and the eurovision are not at all comparable in nature , so their demographics are likely extremely different . 
  one is a specialized tech conference and the other one is a pan-european song contest . 
  the problem with existing lisboethan availability is that it relies on increasingly popular hotels and other services , which can be a good sign as it expands the portuguese economy . 
  however this also means that , increasingly , lisbon can lose its accommodation ease and be faced with the need to rely on greater-lisbon 's more available resources of the same type , provided that they get better connections . 
  it will essentially be a `` spill-over '' effect that very often happens in any industry ( for example , amsterdam faced the same effect concerning hosting various big office deals ) . 
  oh shit i forgot about all those adderuns ... 
  i seriously hope that , due to the close proximity to other cities , these vents ( with smaller ones that do * not * need the main venue ) can be organized elsewhere to spread out the stress created by them . 
  there is far more to see in portugal than just lisbon , and by showcasing , through spreading non-essential events in different close-by locations , different areas and interesting parts . 
  it really comes down to the organization of all the events as well as ensuring that the host city is not pushed the breaking point , thus being more profitable overall since it can promote higher consuming among tourists , as well as ensure that portugal 's portfolio is basically expanded when it comes to free advertising since you can imagine just how many tourists will want to talk about how they also visited great sights * outside * of lisbon . 
  eurovision is a very good stress-test for a city 's event capacity , but in the case of lisbon , it needs to be planned with a bit more care . 
  not at all , i 'm talking about accommodations available for such an event . 
  nos alive is a very good case however it is unknown if the demographics actually will match those of other events in terms of additional services and good needed . 
  the costs will likely turn out in favor of a gain no matter what in the case of portugal ( a bit hard not to ) however there * can * be infrastructural shortages , generating a too high demand for some services with a too little supply . 
  the problem with these statistics is that they are * estimating * how many of the tickets sold went to foreigners . 
  they do not , however , take into account the accommodations ( airbnb , friend 's house , couch surfing , caravan , etc. . . are possible alternates to hotel accommodation ) , they also do not take into account if nos alive really * attracted tourists to come to portugal * or if instead it * attracted tourists that already were in portugal * this is the whole difficulty of mass event planning , statistics are not extremely reliable and the data available is not sufficient to make entire guesses . 
  what you can is analyze social tendencies in different comparable cases to see at least connect the dots . 
  i believe that portugal has a possibility of perhaps promoting better inter-city transport ( such as more competitive prices for cp as well as other transport companies ) to make staying * not * in the host city but in a neighboring city more attractive . 
  if , for example , the host city is lisbon ( i believe it is very likely ) then estoril , cascais , oeiras , etc. . . can be used as a `` collective effort '' area where transportation is privileged to at least ease the demand for lisbon-only hotels . 
  another problem pointed out was the lisboa-portadela airport which although its terminal 1 is impressive , it still is n't as big as , say , schiphol . 
  you * could * apply the same principle and make it so that there is a general attraction to instead of flying to it directly , pass by other nearby airports instead , like the one in setubal . 
  my pleasure !, 
  i think that the airport might be a challenge as well , though if more is done in favor of intra-portuguese transportation then this could perhaps be alleviated through a `` spread '' of the capacity throughout the country ( let 's face it , portugal is not exactly huge , you can drive from bragan\u00e7a to algarve with relative ease and comfort ) . 
  again , i think that eurovision is sometimes blown out of proportion , as it is a smaller event than other similar festivals ( for example , it is believe that rock in rio , sudoeste , etc. . . all attract more tourists than eurovision itself ), 
  * meo arena ( hehehe hehe he ... okay no that 's a horrible name wtf ) portugal happens to be a pretty hefty hub of show production actually . 
  the industry ( where my family works mainly for some odd reason ) is very understated , and considering that various portuguese companies who own the materials needed for a temporary structure ( done before , can be even better than the arena if designed correctly ) such as blackout which already happen to rent out to rtp , sic , and tvi at a lower price . 
  portugal possesses the capabilities of hosting tonnes of summer festivals at the same time , sometimes in the same region , and the costs are considerably low due to the fact that it is either always heavily sponsored ( vodafone and nos throw money at them every time they can ) . 
  furthermore , unlike a * lot * of previous organization structures , portugal can put its own local industries to use ( they * are * really cheap compared to other countries ) thus the investment made to host the festival would not likely go towards others , and will be met by portuguese tax authorities and go * back * to the state ( from the state , to rtp , to probably mediacapital or whoever takes it , to partially the state ) . 
  the sole genuine worry is that the festival will attract a different crowd that statistically requires other types of accommodations ( whereas the the * usual * festivals that spring up every summer bring more young people who do n't mind sharing a tiny airbnb and whatnot , eurovision brings an audience who will likely prefer hotels and such , which portugal , compared to others previous eurovision hosts , has more of but it is already very much on demand due to the fact that portugal is a very touristic country ) . 
  hosting the festival will not really be a challenge in the least , considering the understated size and competitiveness of the concerned industries in portugal ( to the point they basically * own * the spanish ones , caralho ) . 
  the part that * will * be a festival will be smart design due to the unprecedented nature of such an event ( it 's 3 days , and for 3 days portugal will need to perhaps do more in the areas of transportation and/or accommodation to meet demands ) . 
  i 'm * super * excited for the next eurovision , though i am still aware of possible * other * problems too ( such as how the 1h timezone difference might come into play , since it * ruined * eurovision in 2009 with the worst voting timing ever ) . 
  hint : for a good laugh , read his post history . 
  then you * do * agree that your views , even anti-eu ones , are being misrepresented . 
  do you seriously want the anti-eu side to be lepen/farage/wilders et al ? 
  that 's his point , you do not . 
  you want a * competent and comprehensive * anti-eu political power , which can be beneficial for everyone ( yes , even the eu ) . 
  ... baarle-nassau and baarle-hartog speak the same . 
  damn . 
  language . 
  flemish and dutch are ridiculously close to the point that for a tonne of people they are n't even regarded as two distinct languages ( just dialects ) . 
  meanwhile you have romanian and hungarian that are * not * interchangeable in the least and thus of those areas of romania genuinely use hungarian as a language , why should they not be represented ? 
  ... except you are counting on a eurovision hosted in baiku where * a new arena was literally built * yet if you take a look at other eurovisions hosted in already present infrastructure ( which portugal has a * lot * of already ) then the costs are actually way lower , and also you fail to take into account the benefit turnout for eurovision hosting ( benefits-costs ) . 
  nice try though . 
   eurofederalism oh how i pray every night < 3, 
  it could , actually , however since there 's not enough consensus and further discussion in the matter ( yet , hopefully ) , it 's hard to say . 
  i personally believe that an eu cooperative force should help with external borders of all member states ( including non-schengen ) . 
  but only a help of subsidiary terms , meaning that they will only act if actually asked by that member state 's government . 
  i did n't choose to be gay , however they are free to just * not * be what you consider `` devout muslims '' . 
  they can take a veil off , whereas i ca n't just take the gay away ... 
  ... neither ? 
  it 's about defense . 
  maybe , * just * maybe , this is n't about russia but lithuania 's government actually cares about people getting killed ? 
  also , france and slovenia are n't trying to kill any gay people , and french and slovene citizens are already granted freedom of residence in all of the eu ... 
  ... yes , in the uk . 
  the uk is leaving the internal market so installing * any * business after brexit over there would not grant any access what so ever to the internal market itself . 
  it 's basically the same as installing your headquarters in minsk . 
  una in diversitate, 
  tolerance within the frame of the charter of human rights and the european convention of human rights , yes , however and 90 % of erdogan 's crap is clearly against it . 
  there is no tolerance for criminals , nor should there ever be . 
  oh , that kind of stuff predates ww1 ... seriously there are tonnes of books saying how europe will fall and get destroyed etc. . . and yet each time it just does n't , mainly it just changes to deal with its own issues . 
  it 's true , i met her at madame tussaud 's once . 
  she really * will * melt . 
   whitewashed white nationalism [ probably used this to get nothing but the freshest whites !, 
  ] ( http://neoblanc.pt/img/prodotti/neo-blanc-traditional-56091dbe84bd4.png ) / s, 
  thank you for noticing < 3, 
  basically * very * sexy looking people , speak a very characteristic and cool norse languages with \u00fe and \u00f0 , have a deadly deadly volcano , are beautiful to visit , have nordic lights galore , they are a very very young country ( i think 1944 ? ), 
  and ... ** they gave portugal 12 points in eurovision fuck yeah caralho ** on the negative side they have incest problems ( apparently ) no but in all seriousness iceland is a bae . 
   uk is upholding its side . 
  the uk is the main force behind these changes , so is the uk going to negotiate with 27 different countries in order to achieve the same effect ? 
   they are getting lots of clarification . 
  uk and ireland and eu are all committed to no hard border . 
  uk is committed to free trade . 
  then how will the dairy produce work considering that fta formal talks are an exclusive competence of the eu due to being in a customs union ? 
   gibraltar is not part of the uk . 
  and sint-maarten is not a part of the netherlands proper yet it still is here , same goes for greenland and denmark , though they managed to leave the eu . 
   those tax havens currently do n't have priviledged access . 
  channel isles are not part of the eu . 
  how eu negotiates with them is up to you and them . 
  the eu 's infrastructure to deal with what basically are british outerseas territories are codified for a member state status , it can take years of debate among the european council and commission for proposals and drafts . 
   ok , i am happy about it , but you are not happy . 
  one is better than none i guess . 
  i can not be happy for a decision taken by such a small portion of the population that is costing the rights of many people all around me as well as close friends i keep in touch living in the uk . 
   ok , then maybe there wo n't be a deal . 
  no worries . 
  i hope your union works out fantastic , and best of luck with it . 
  i hope the uk does as well , but i can not say that i would really see the eu concede anything without gaining something in return , the problem is that the uk has made a lot of political promises constraining it heavily . 
  my best hopes is that these new general elections will give the uk a better head to think with , as well as clean up the mess left by the disingenuous campaigns ( both of them ) to focus on an arrangement that works for * all * europeans . 
   we voted to stay before when we had less experience of being in the eu and did not really know what it was like . 
  now we know so we changed our minds . 
  then why is it that scotland and ireland ( and gibraltar ) did not vote at all the same way ?
