  coasts can be guarded more heavily , and i believe that member states should assist italy ( and other mediterranean member states ) keeping its coasts safe and clear of any illegal smuggling activity . 
  it is hard to keep guard of them all alone , but it is still very much possible to keep italy far safer should that ever be the case again , and it 's something * all * the eu benefits from . 
  pun intended : we 're all in the same boat . 
   yes . 
  so you trust your computer , that can not face experience , with your vote ? 
  then what is the point of democracy ? 
  if we are all going to just obey computer algorithms that seem easily abusable ? 
   speed and direction : the eu is n't changing fast enough , and is moving away from the direction i wish it to go . 
  you are leaving the eu , and most people within it with the exception of greece seem to still want to remain within and follow this direction . 
   if it 'll whip them into shape , then yes . 
  russia 's nice , right ? 
  you keep childishly ignoring my points and providing unargumented answers , i 'm done here . 
  i think i 've never met a scotsman who has made so hipocritical , lazy , and even contradictory arguments in my life . 
   see this is where technology comes in : we vote using machine learning systems which grow to learn our voting habits ( combined with government data on you ) to accurately predict how you 'll vote . 
  then on an opt-in basis we roll-out automated voting on your behalf on all issues ( e.g. 
  if you have a child , you would probably vote to keep child benefit ) . 
  once this system is ~ 100 % accurate , we do n't need referenda anymore and have a fully-automated political system . 
  so you want to be ruled by * computers * simulating our voting preferences ? 
  ignoring that humans change their minds constantly ? 
  what dystopia do you believe in ? 
   the best time was when the eu was founded , the next best time is now . 
  again , we gravely needed the ecsc back then , we have always became stronger yet more dependent on the european institutions throughout the years . 
  why do you believe that instead of fixing what we have as we have started to do , we must destroy everything ? 
   not raised with european values , their parents should never have been allowed into the country . 
  we reform immigration not to prevent attacks now , but in 30 years . 
  again , deflecting that the eu has had no say on any of this from the get-go . 
  you keep ignoring my questions , it 's * very * tiring . 
  why do you believe this is a problem in belgium and france regarding radicalization , yet in portugal this is n't an issue ? 
  the competences needed to eradicate this problem are at the hands of individual member states that have not fulfilled their duties . 
  destroying the eu will make these issues even more aggravated , even bring up far more problems , make our tiny states mere pawns of bigger superpowers again . 
  is that the world you want ? 
   i want national government to no longer be required - with the people directly voting on the issues which affect only their country and the issues which affect all of the united states of europe . 
  sure , let us have germany , which has the biggest population in the eu to begin with , have the bigger say . 
  let us become an extremely inefficient loose union because we need to hold polls for * every single decision made * because apparently representative democracy is just not good enough . 
   damn right , necessity is the mother of invention . 
  we have enemies left and right , you seriously think it 's time to make us all weaker ? 
   all the more reason we need an organization which puts citizens first , not potential terrorists . 
  the focus on helping others , and not ourselves needs to change . 
  what the heck are you even talking about ? 
  i was in paris when the bataclan attacks happened , i even lost a friend to it ; you know who killed her ? 
  an eu citizen , born and raised . 
  thus far , what we 've had was a radicalization of our own ; as well as a refugee crisis blamed on the eu while also ignoring that ** the eu literally has no competence on these affairs ** border protection of schengen is * not * under the competence of the eu , nor is foreign policy , nor is education , nor is refugee status requirements , etc etc etc. . . 
  the eu has absolutely no way to address it . 
  tell me , what exactly has the eu done to put `` potential terrorists '' instead of its citizens ? 
  knowing that the ones who took guns and killed innocents in paris , nice , and brussels , were * born * here . 
   i 'm british , so obviously i 'm going to say this , but a free trade deal really ca n't be that counter productive for the eu . 
  ... i never said such a thing ? 
  i said that ignoring the costs that brexit will have on the eu is counter productive . 
   the whole ` freedom of movement ' is fundamental aspect really needs to be reviewed at the end of the day , because if other member states would also look at leaving the eu if it is such an issue , then there 's not really a huge incentive to have it in place in the first place . 
  i believe that it is still a very strong and fundamental part of the internal market , otherwise we do n't have an internal market we will go back to the pre 80s eec and we will be riddled with the problems it entailed that pushed us into the internal market 's formation to begin with . 
  i do n't see any other eu country complain much about eu immigration besides the uk itself , the main concern is non-eu immigration ; which does not at all fall under the competences of the eu since there is no common foreign policy at all nor common immigration standards . 
   the meps ca n't propose legislation , for the changes needed - the commission would need to propose legislation reducing their own power ( i.e. 
  implausible ) . 
  treaty change would also be required to devolve power and decision making to a more local level ( all 28 agreeing to this , near 0 % ) . 
  tl ; dr - it wo n't happen , only option is to try again from scratch . 
  that is the * standard * legislative procedure , usually only used for secondary eu law , * not * treaties ... 
  the tfeu and teu which are the two main treaties that are affected by any changes on the design on the eu are entirely off-limits to this procedure , otherwise the eu would just grant itself whatever powers it needs when it needs . 
  treaty writing and movement can be initiated by any and all member state in fact , and it is strictly an intergovernmental matter that does not get nearly any consultancy from the eu 's part seen that it is the primary target . 
   something we could change when forming a new union . 
  and grant a new union unlimited powers ? 
  what the hell ? 
  i do n't want an unlimited union ruling over the netherlands in the least . 
  the eu has its limits for a reason . 
   more `` your ` solutions ' are not solutions , and the only chance for the change needed is to start again - with liberty and power concentrated in the hands of the citizenry '' . 
  you literally want to * destroy * the eu , and propose absolutely * no * contigency plan nor any structural plan for a future rebirth of it . 
  futhermore you constantly deflect * all * the issues i present to you ; like , for example , the fact that the world is far less a cheery place for that and we are all very dependent on the eu and its fields of exclusive competence ; interrupting them even for just a * week * can have disastrous consequences . 
   i do n't believe the drastic change i believe is required can be achieved within the current eu . 
  that is your own problem , probably stemming from your lack of knowledge on how the eu is designed and ruled . 
   not news sources , but the eu people getting out amongst the people . 
  i never said news source , i said * any * type of financed media outreach will have a hellful of critics ready to add it to their lists on why we need to go back to the 1920s . 
  not to mention that it is against the restrictions member states have put upon the eu itelf . 
   i do n't want more eu ( this current organization ) information , i wish it to fail now . 
  so you claim `` oh the eu does n't sell itself enough , that 's a problem ! '', 
  but also simultaneously `` i do n't want solutions to my problems , i want to start from scratch and pretend the world is the same as it was when we first began ! '' . 
  we no longer have the same world , the same conditions , the same needs . 
  now the world is much less hostable for a new union of this type to form anywhere ; so instead of breaking it and setting us back 60 years , we must focus on fixing what we have and make clear , even if slow , progress towards the evolution of the european project , federalization or not . 
   yes , it 's the only way i believe the change required can happen . 
  there are far less drastic and destructive ways to promote change . 
  if the uk 's government is so bad , why not throw the whole country in anarchy to solve it next time ? 
  sounds good ? 
   as i said before , the eu needs to do this . 
  it has failed at marketing itself to the british people . 
  the eu * can not * do this , it is literally not allowed as per its own treaties designed collectively by the member states . 
  how do you think eu-sponsored information sources would be met ? 
  imagine the * moment * there is a pan-european channel controlled by the eu . 
  it would entirely be decimated and called propaganda , a waste of money , etc. . . 
  meanwhile , in portugal , the eu is something that is * taught * in schools as part of civic education . 
  we are aware of what it does and how it does it . 
  this is the correct approach , if you want more eu information , start with yourself and promote this change . 
   sure seems like a great incentive to educate the population then , do n't you agree ? 
  it sure is , and the netherlands has a very high educational standard in that regard , and even then as you can possibly guess not everyone has chosen to get acquainted with politics , economics , sociology , etc. . . switzerland has a very different educational system , as well as a very different legislative and governing procedure that would not at all work in the netherlands due to significant changes in culture and sociological elements . 
   and we are all co-dependent now : as soon as the eu falls another organization will be in its place before its body hits the floor - the eu is dead , long live the eu . 
  so you * want * a period where we will become utterly fucked beyond belief * just * for a `` reboot '' of sorts ? 
   i believe you , i can only comment on what i 've seen here in the uk : absolutely no communication or community discussion from the eu . 
  it 's not too late for the uk , nor for you . 
  you can inform yourself easily about anything happening within the eu ; there even is * a free hotline * you can call for it . 
   i used to live in maastricht and was attacked by a group of moroccan youths there one night - i simply do n't trust governments in the eu on migration any more . 
  they have already failed . 
  i was attacked by three british citizens in lisbon merely for being gay . 
  should i entirely distrust the british government and its people considering nothing was done ?
