  whisper the treaty of lisbon slowly in my ear , as you slowly take my body . 
  so you 're saying that ancient rome had no effect at all in slovenian culture , like , somehow you did not assimilate any part of roman culture at all ... * not even their alphabet * . 
  * but what about the roma people ? 
  really ?? 
  damn , i wish we had that , it 's such a nice song too . 
  though i bet that if we did that now then all the eurosceptics would go rampant shouting `` indoctrination of children the eu is an empire muh sovereignty '' and such . 
  stop telling horror stories , i want to sleep at night . 
  my best match is amsterdam , and i already live here . 
  although i still find utrecht to be generally a better fit for me ( just like it there better ) and the hague to be the city i 'm most likely to find a job with my studies . 
  time to break out the lotion again , thanks !, 
  whisper this in my ear in bed . 
  and do what you want with my body . 
  being spammed every day with what happens in the us . 
  [ * every day , all day . 
  * ** every year , all year ** ] ( http://satwcomic.com/you-have-no-secrets ), 
  cross to ireland or france and let the motherland save you !, 
  i can sing it in french , english , latin and german . 
  where did you find the polish version ? 
  i wish there was a version in all eu languages , but * jesus * that would make me a very horny very orgasmic europhile . 
  basically yes , that 's the guy . 
  it gives me shills that people think that fascism ended in the 40s , whereas for portugal and spain it was moreso the 70s . 
  yep . 
  it 's like calling birkenau `` hitler 's jewish housing projects '', 
  i 'm portuguese and there is toxicity about it even inside portugal . 
  instead of calm conversations or discussions , or even good history classes , half the time it 's just `` oh look how atrocious he was '' or `` oh look how amazing he was after all '' . 
  we need nuance , we need to stop these binary explanations and start instead talking calmly about it . 
  east germans , from my experience with them , are not at all the same while talking about their own dictatorship , the same goes for the polish , and the romanians . 
  this post is underrated . 
  yeah , it 's a very mixed case , and i honestly would rather that portuguese people would accept these stupid things being said without getting all mad about it , and instead talk maturely and with more distance about it . 
  do n't shout at foreigners not knowing , instead just help them learn . 
  that is very , very accurate . 
  salazar truly is regarded as a mixed entity , and some people even feel * nostalgic * of his regime ... 
  it is true that he made portugal stronger , and gave a lot of new elements to society while providing a stable system but ... yeah the costs were high . 
  well ... 
  he * did * build something similar that was n't as uh ... * magical * . 
  i feel like a lot of neglect has gone towards portugal 's history in general , and i understand that it 's true that nowadays it 's not at all the most relevant of countries . 
  i feel like a lot of people tend to forget the massive empire such a tiny country had , and also there 's virtually nobody i know outside from portuguese people that knows who salazar was ... 
  i hate to be * that * gay guy but ... ** what is she wearing ? 
  i would n't call it better than ts4 by a long shot , i 'd say that ts4 is way above it , and they are equally easy to mod so it 's pretty hard to judge . 
  ehhh ... 
  it has aged better than most games , but it feels like a horrid mobile game with the best damn soundtrack ever created . 
  what was this threat about again ? 
  i just like anything besides ts1 , when it comes to ts1 i merely * tolerate * it . 
  i was expecting something time-related but from eurovision . 
  i prefer ts2 but it lags like ass somehow ( compatability issues ) and i do n't really like ts3 so i play ts4 * i 'm a metaphysical simmer *, 
  there 's this one professor who specialised in ww2 in my faculty , i 'll ask him next time i see him . 
  i genuinely wonder if there were jewish nazis ... could you imagine such a thing ? 
  it would be like that black dude in the boondocks that hates black people . 
  in my own delicate little mind , 88 and parenthesis were mathematical terms . 
  * fucking nazis they ruined math too *, 
  i feel like i 'm learning a whole new language right now . 
  numbers and parenthesis are nazis and jews ... 
  what 's up with parenthesis ? 
  ... * oh my ~ * i do n't know where this referendum was held but i 'm eager to find out . 
  my guys are just doing everything . 
  everywhere . 
  * ever . 
  i have no bloody idea what 's going on in my game , everyone just shags everyone . 
  that is by far the sneakiest thing i 've heard in a while , daaamn . 
  damn . 
  i was n't expecting nazis , they sometimes are a bit like the spanish inquisition . 
  what 's he refering to ? 
  ( genuinely curious what else the 88 can mean ), 
  my sims are in a weird 3-way relationship . 
  i feel like we definitely deviated heavily from the topic of the threat , but the romantic life of our sims does seem quite important, 
  well , i just got myself a new wallpaper for my phone . 
  once i made sure my sim who had absolutely no friends really focused on making money and once he was super rich i bought all possible properties ... and suddenly he had bffs everywhere . 
  the sims taught 9 year old me a very sad but true lesson that day . 
  my sims started out really small , they started with just a small loan of a million simoleones , life has n't been easy for them . 
  also , i knew i became way too adult when i started to think about * inflation * by making all my sims rich ... * i 'm broken *, 
  * motherlode motherlode motherlode motherlode *, 
  my dad ( who loves ireland ) said this about the brexit :  well , ni voted to stay right ? 
  i hope they just get unified . 
   remember [ son ] , a day with more ireland , and less uk , is a good day indeed . 
  well , what is a dutchman to you ? 
  for me , being dutch is accepting and withholding all the values and norms of dutch society , celebrating and using dutch culture and language , and formally become a dutch citizen . 
  portuguese/french federalist all up in here . 
  i might add dutch to that list in a few years ( just arrived , not really 100 % integrated ), 
  that seems like a very good goal , and i understand that these are options that have worked in the past . 
  i believe they can work today as well , but unfortunately it seems like they are not . 
  i ask because i 'm not fully aware : what does russia have to gain by the whole deal in donbass ? 
  for me , i think what makes russia capable of all these acts while maintaining its political general integrity is its huge propaganda machine . 
  if we stop feeding it , and instead start proving just how many lies and deceptions they have fed the russian people throughout the years , we can undermine their support for the current government , and hope for a better , more understandable one . 
  ... the lecturer was a guest of the university . 
  he was an eastern european academic whom has extensively studied and published about the subject . 
  i do n't think everybody has to agree with that stance , and i think that `` living with someone the longest '' does n't truly apply to countries since statuses very easily can change . 
  remember when portugal and spain hated each other ? 
  or when eastern europe was fully divided from the west ? 
  times change and although i think sanctions are a good idea , i do not see the desired effect and instead see an aggravation . 
  this just proves the daily mail as utter garbage to me ... as if we needed more examples ... 
  it 's honestly a bit sad to think a country like the uk truly has to host this kind of stuff , but i guess it 's preferable to have freedom of speech than not . 
  i wonder : does anyone here know of any other examples of this happening ? 
  i know about russia 's economic status , but i still think that the constant sanctions and the constant pointless aggressions will keep going unless we change ( and i mean both sides ) . 
  russia could have been distabilised and thus changed its ways but the thing is i think that socially we ended up making its government stronger . 
  its usage of propaganda can shift all this economic downfall on the west , correct ? 
  well , that being said , you can convince the russian people themselves that there * is * a need for this aggressive behaviour and thus we 'll just keep looping . 
  for me , we need to break the propaganda machine first . 
  i know about the economic consequences that it had on russia , but i do not think we will truly see the best of outcomes out of it . 
  this economic downfall of russia , for me at least , will affect the russian people as they will keep getting told `` it 's the west 's fault '' and thus keep fuelling this acceptation of further aggression , which is what we 're trying to avoid . 
  we 've studied the subject lightly during one of our lectures here in my university , and it 's true that so far russia is verging towards the worse-off outcome , unfortunately .
