   i do n't think that the uk is proposing `` okay , let 's stop paying while we 're still a member '' , right ? 
  yes , you 're right . 
  the uk thus far is merely not * yet * proposing anything that we know of . 
  negotiations are underway . 
   and you 're going to have two different views of that : the uk 's going to say `` my commitment was to fund eu programs while i am an eu member and participating '' , and the eu 's going to say `` your commitment is to fund eu programs comparable to a certain level that you would have paid even if you 're not a member and participating once you agree to them '' . 
  the uk thus far has n't said nor yes nor no , that 's precisely the thing . 
  they signed deals whose validity still applies post-brexit , to fund projects such as the pr\u00fcm convention ( which does not depend on eu membership for participation ) . 
   neither is clearly and unambiguously the case , since the eu never made explicit what should happen when members leave . 
  this is * half * true , we know what the basic negotiations plan is , however ( as i see it ) it was purposefully left vague not only to make leaving unattractive , but also to allow for creative solutions to a potential member state 's exit , this way there 's not a clear-cut exit and there is more room for negotiations on what is to be allowed and not on a case-to-case basis . 
   well , i 'm perhaps being loose with words . 
  if the uk is terminating its participation in a program , then regardless of whether-or-not the program is bound to eu membership ( e.g. 
  esa membership , if the uk chose to leave that ) , i think that the question pretty much remains the same : unless there was an explicit agreement on how to handle leaving , it 's ambiguous . 
  the problem is that it is n't , and it already has engaged funds that even * if * they wanted to terminate participation , they would still need to pay up . 
  for example if i go to get my teeth cleaned , and halfway through the process i change my mind , i will still be required to pay the full price even if i quit ahead . 
   i 'd say that if the uk continues to have access to those programs , it would be clearly unreasonable . 
  if it does not , then i 'd say that it 's pretty much undefined . 
  i can certainly think of analogous situations where the party does not pay at all , and analogous situations where the party pays fully . 
  my guess is that the uk will pay for some of what it would have paid , but not all . 
  and , well , that 'll be what the negotiations are about determining . 
  it fully does , that 's the thing . 
  most of these commitments do not require eu membership to be valid or fulfilled . 
  if the uk wants to leave these programs , it is also free to do so post-brexit , but it will still need to pay for them * to the extent * they have already * committed * to do so ( and not a penny more afterwards ) . 
   i mean , i agree , and the uk 's stance is that payment talks wo n't happen before the rest of the talks . 
  i mean , we 're not disagreeing over what the positions of the eu or the uk is ... that 's where i believe you 're wrong . 
  the uk has yet to make a full stance on anything thus far aside from leaving the internal market fully . 
  we do n't know what the negotiations are being like regarding these payments , or if they are even on their way considering the recent havoc the british general election caused for their government . 
  the uk has n't said much about this issue , all we can do is wait for their response to it . 
  romania , chad ... 
  really ? 
  i mean , it 's a very useless debate , nearly everyone i know , when they speak english , accept holland just the same . 
  obviously it sounds * very * weird in dutch though . 
  erm ... 
  yes ? 
  i do n't know but this seemed very obvious to me , that 's just how the eu works . 
  calm down , people 's republic of yorkshire . 
  but in all seriousness , i 'm pretty sure nobody minds if you call the netherlands `` holland '' . 
  it 's not really correct but i mean , it 's not like you 're calling us * german * . 
  oh yes i did * z-snap *, 
   but we 're not arguing about whether-or-not the uk committed to the programs -- just whether that commitment represents any obligation after leaving . 
  this commitment is maintained * before * leaving which is when the negotiations take place . 
  they obviously do n't want to halt negotiations and give up and recede to wto rules because of this , not to mention a lawsuit for knowingly breaking eu law as a member state ( * again * )  i 'd call it a confederation . 
  but you do n't need identical examples -- it 'd be possible to look at a range of different situations . 
  the uk had various members also get independence , for example . 
  here we have a * country * who has made multiple commitments to multiple different entities , commitments that most do n't even depend on the uk 's status as an eu member state . 
  these commitments are to be honored . 
   no dispute there -- i 'm just talking about after that . 
  you keep ignoring that the eu will not , and legally * can not * accept a uk not playing by the rules that itself vowed to commit to , and fully honoring its own word . 
  in agreements * that do not even depend on eu membership * . 
   sure , why not ? 
  and australia 's independence from the uk and so forth . 
  they are n't gon na be identical , but that does n't mean that it 's not possible to establish an idea of what has been considered reasonable in the past under various conditions . 
  is it considered somehow unreasonable to expect the uk to honor all commitments it signed and ratified ? 
  it is merely considered * logical * . 
   yeah , that 's true ... though it 's really more the media than the government . 
  let 's also ignore the multiple government staff making sly comments , including may . 
   sure , but the uk is gon na argue , `` just as you do not extend access to these programs to me as a consequence of my deciding to leave , so i do not need to pay for them after leaving . 
  leaving the european union severs such obligations . '', 
  ... but they do , that 's precisely the thing . 
  these projects are bound to be continued until completion and neither side wants the uk to be shunned out ( it is mainly focused on infrastructural developments and arts investments , as well as other cooperative measures for safety and crime fighting ) . 
  furthermore , there are countries * not * in the eu who have signed and ratified the same documentation and all still pay ( switzerland , norway , iceland ... ) so why is the uk suddenly special ? 
   are they right ? 
  i mean , it 's undefined . 
  i doubt that anyone will conclusively show that that argument is correct or that it is incorrect . 
  i do n't think that there 's an open-and-shut case as to what should happen , either way . 
  it 's been through hell and back , and the eu 's stance is such that will not allow the uk to make a deal without payment talks over these projects . 
  if there really was a genuine debate over it , i 'm pretty sure this would have already been through the european court of justice , yet it has n't because there does n't seem to be any grounds for a plaintiff to deposit a statement against * their own agreements and commitments *, 
   i got into politics because of her shoes my inner gay fashionista is * beyond * triggered . 
  ehhh , he was a 6 . 
   i disagree . 
  it is legally-undefined what the uk 's responsibilities are in the event of brexit ( which ia why we 're having this whole negotiation even existing in the first place ) . 
  these have been ever since the uk has committed . 
  there are * signed and ratified * agreements by the british government to the eu and its member states , which do * not * depend on eu membership . 
   you could look at past separations for some idea of legal precedent , but the eu never made `` pay if you leave '' a formal requirement . 
  the eu is not really comparable to a federation nor a confederation , in fact in law , it is * very * hard to find legal precedents of other types considering how unique the eu 's structure is . 
  the eu 's current standing articles require all commitments to be met for as long as the uk stays a member state , which includes the 2-year transitional phase . 
  the eu is a sui genesis with its own code of conduct , it 's countries somehow glued together into this oddball of intergovernmentalism + federalism + the kitchen sink type union . 
  the formal requirement is that you meet the commitments and obligations you signed up for * which include * the funding of multiple projects that the uk has * signed up for * . 
   afaik , us territories that have gone independent have not had to pay any sort of `` bill '' -- but , then , they 're also normally pretty poor , and not really in a position to do so anyway . 
  the eu and the us operate in extremely different law bases , should we compare the uk 's independence to lithuanian independence from the ussr too then ? 
  us territories are not at all national governments to begin with ...  in practice , if i were the uk , i 'd want to tie trade and bill discussions , because the thing that the uk gets from paying out is goodwill , and the main thing that the uk would hope to get from that goodwill in the short term is a trade deal on reasonable terms . 
  the uk has been berating the eu with pretty distasteful comments and theresa made a fool of herself in 4 different occasions in front of the other 27 leaders of the member states . 
  the eu has signed and ratified documents proving that the uk * did * commit to funding these projects ( which are not even eu exclusive , as they also include , for example , iceland and norway ) . 
  the uk does not want to honor its word then why would the eu ever want to negotiate any deal with them ? 
  by demanding a payment first , this fully ensures that the uk will meet its promises and commitments to the eu and its member states , and from there a thorough negotiation of the terms of brexit can start . 
  it is strategy , but it seems very self-evident to me . 
  there actually is . 
  the uk and its representative organs have agreed to commit to multiple projects within the union . 
  these projects have passed the stage from discussion into execution , with the uk government 's blessing . 
  eu law , by the principle of primacy , directly applies this for as long as the uk is to be considered a member state ( which includes negotiation the talks period ) ; and the uk government * at the time it has agreed and ratified all proper documentation * committed to these payments . 
  therefore , the uk gave its word and a legal guarantee that it would fund these projects ; turning back on such would mean that the uk can not at all be trusted to follow legal procedures even if it * did * agree with not only these commitments but also the relevant treaties ( teu and tfeu ) that directly generate the legal basis for these claims . 
   that 's your personal observation , which i could n't care less . 
  okay . 
  :')  if you did not ask for my stance , then there is no point in discussing anyway . 
  in that case you may stop replying . 
  i asked you a question which you have yet to answer . 
  i * may * stop replying , but i do n't think i wo n't . 
  most people `` in those countries '' agree with the law . 
  people outside find it retarded . 
  source it . 
  besides , of course , your own opinion .
