  we vote and the government obeys , and yet we are the ones that are not representative ? 
  when has this happened ? 
   the vote asked in or out , it did not ask for a plan . 
  we voted out and the government is taking us out . 
  that sounds sensible . 
  i asked my doctor to solve my foot ache , he said he 'd fix it if i agreed , the solution was amputation . 
   so far may has done everything correctly . 
  the only people complaining about her seem to be the ones who voted to remain . 
  i do n't necessarily trust may , but i trust that the hard-brexit conservatives in her party are working for the best interests of this country . 
  so nearly half the ones who voted ? 
  i am * so * stealing this . 
  your username is underrating the fuck out of you . 
  when you say schengen , who do you mean ? 
  because schengen by itself is really just an agreement . 
  no they are placed there since they are illegal immigrants , they are n't let through even * within * schengen . 
  so basically you are n't scared of people with passports , you are scared of ( very often ) paperless refugees . 
  again , they get into the uk pretty easily , even without schengen . 
  all it takes is their passport , a bit of internet jittery , and off they go to the uk * legally through the calais with a british visa *, 
  i think you 're right on that , the euro does n't really benefit the uk right now . 
  i mean , the british pound is extremely important in trade so a switch would mean a loss of that . 
  they still need visas , even for us ... plus if you are so scared then how come your visitor visas only require proof of id and proof that they have enough money , whereas the schengen one requires proof of their intentions , an address ( hotel ) where they will be staying , travel insurance , proof that you booked your flight back , etc. . . 
  it does n't seem like you are that scared . 
  i mainly asked that question to understand what made the uk and ireland not join schengen back in 1995 , when it was first established . 
  how the heck is this a threat ? 
  that is true , the uk * is * still a very big player in the eu , however the fact is that they are not irreplaceable , and i have no problem tightening finances for net-benefit states ( especially poland ) . 
  i would n't use eenvandaag as a credible source since they are n't at all popular , and do not say where they get their numbers . 
  for me it seems like the numbers are bullshit since they also predicted that brexit would not happen by over 20 % of the vote yet * guess what * . 
  well , we actually had a recent territorial swap , but it was to solve a complication where it was one 's responsibility to administer it ( even though it was empty , had no roads , and was on the other side of a river ) but the other one was the sole one having any land access to it . 
  why was this important ? 
  well , since the one who owned it could not reach it then a lot of criminals were doing their business over there ( human trafficking for example ) since it is out of reach for both authorities ( out of borders , and with a huge river ) . 
  so we swapped those and now it 's far better surveyed . 
  i do n't think we really need a territory swap , our borders work fine the way they are , they are marked on the ground and are super seamless and easy to follow . 
  i personally do n't oppose it at all , but i * do * understand why our politicians do ( let 's be honest we all want to hog anything beneficial to us , portugal spain and italy did n't want eastern europe to get in the eu itself because that means they would lose investment funds ), 
  they are * the * biggest economy and thus have to make the biggest contribution , so it 's pretty natural that they have to pay up the most . 
   no , we do n't . 
  we share a parliament with 27 other nations . 
  we have no say over whom they choose to put in power . 
  does n't the uk have a parliament with 4 nations in it though ? 
  we are all in it together so it makes sense that not * one * country gets to control everything ... you send your meps , everyone else does too , or do you think that the uk should be the sole one represented there ? 
   i know in the eu you guys vote and your politicians just ignore it , but we 're not like you . 
  our politicians take orders from us , not the other way round . 
  we are leaving the eu , no ifs , no buts , no nothing . 
  i 'm glad you 're leaving to be honest , and i think that the british system is not at all that clear nor representative since the people said `` we want to leave the eu '' and that is happening but there was no plan nor prediction provided , so you 're stuck following may 's whims . 
  then what do you think about every other island nations that joined schengen ? 
   from being ruled by people who are foreign to us , not elected by us , and not accountable to us . 
  we vote for these people you know ? 
  there are european parliamentary elections , the council is basically your own leaders too . 
  you are represented just by yourselves  ever heard of ww2 ? 
  the uk was not isolated from that . 
  it sacrificed life and wealth to keep its freedom . 
  ... or not be invaded , which was a very compelling reason as well , fuck czechoslovakia right ? 
  you say that totalitarianism failed to materialise in britain and yet you have an unelected leader making decisions based on one non-binding referendum whose result was `` britain should leave the eu '' yet for her that means that the common market is off the window and fuck northern ireland as well . 
  politicians are * wild * in the uk and it shows . 
  i do n't see any wrong with our union since it actually granted the people of * my * country rights we did not have previously , it also established a fair democratic * stable * state for us and also most importantly gave us a * huge * economic boost as well as peace in the continent . 
  if the uk does n't like it then it should ' t take so much time to leave , hurry up may . 
  the uk joined the eec and turned around to try and get out of it two years later . 
  it 's not as if * that * would be something the uk would n't do . 
  i do n't see why the uk actually needs border checks more than others , especially since the calais is the * one * place to be checked and the issues are really recent ( did we seriously have a migrant crisis in 2010 back when this was ratified ? 
  or even in 1995 when schengen actually was established ? ) . 
  i see the uk as wanting control , which i think its natural , but when there is no crisis ( because this will all be over eventually ) then i see it mainly as a waste of time and money . 
  well , [ italy contributes more than them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#eu-28_contributions_.282014.29 ) yet the italian gdp per capita in 2014 was [ 35 365.104 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?locations=it ) whereas the british one was [ 46 412.117 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?locations=it ) in usd . 
  so the uk is n't really that generous . 
  yes they are important but not at all the holy grail . 
  efta are not required to be as integrated , and the uk is not as integrated as other eu members , so for me i do n't think that the uk should join the eu if it is not willing to integrate further like other * eu members * but if it wants to become an efta member then by all means go ahead . 
  i do n't really care if the uk joins schengen or not * but * i care that if the eu states that requirements for membership are a b and c , then the uk will follow a b and c. i do n't want to join norway because i believe i would rather have an actual say on what the eu demands , which norway does not in the least ( no representation for them in the commission , parliament , nor council ) . 
  plus i believe that the eu should have deeper integration and i want to be a part of that instead of limiting myself to being part of the common market, 
  the sources are from 2010 though , and not only that , include exceptions ( how the heck do you think austria managed to actually have a * land * border check , same for denmark twice ) . 
  read up pages 6 and 9 obligation 3.3 and 5 where they even talk about how member states can demand to hold or carry papers and documents , as well as that this agreement does * not * exclude at all the temporary introduction of border control in internal borders ( which the calais basically is ), 
  or continue without the uk . 
  i do n't see why the eu should do anything for countries outside of it to join . 
  for me it 's very simple if you are not an eu memberstate : take it or leave it . 
  no `` i wan na enter but not fully '' or `` i want concessions '' , you know exactly what it takes to get in so either you do it or you do not . 
  i do n't see norway as a special case at all . 
  they merely are part of a free trade association with the eu , but they are not part of the eu itself ( with good reason ) . 
  the eu can easily federalize without them and still maintain the same arrangement regarding the 4 freedoms and even the common market . 
  if they are a non-eu citizen they actually can ask for the passport that has the approved visa . 
  id cards are only acceptable for citizens of schengen , anyone else must present a passport , just like schengen countries accept each other 's id cards , plus ireland and britain , but not anyone else . 
  as i can see , you need two visas as it is right now to be a non-schengen citizen in order to get into schengen and then from schengen get into the uk . 
  the requirements for a schengen visitor visa are far more strict ( even including proof of your intentions ) and complete than the current british standard visitor visa ( literally just bring id and proof you 've got money ) , yet the british one costs more money and takes a lot more time to get ... 
  it 's easier to get into the uk under a visitor visa than it is to get into schengen under the same visa , if anything france should be worried that no migrants from britain try to cross the calais without a proper schengen visa . 
  when you check a non-eu citizen 's identification , you also check for their visa status since passports now are electronics and easily scanner-ready especially with this sort of matters , so again , illegal migrants are going to avoid * all * checks of any sort . 
  ** loud pitched scream **, 
  so the uk is essentially scared of non-eu citizens travelling to the uk even with schengen visas ? 
  it is * extremely * easy to sniff out a fake passport or lack of a visa ( they get stamped for a reason , and they are electronic now which makes fake passports near-impossible to make ) . 
  plus , the illegal route to the uk is still achievable just as easily as it would be within schengen . 
  illegal migrants are n't the sort that go through * any * checks at all . 
  you said this :  asking people to be able to prove their identity with say a passport or id card , but you are n't allowed to do border checks , for example verifying their immigration status . 
  but that is literally what the uk does * now * since eu citizens do n't need an immigration status at all to go to the uk . 
  if i arrive in the uk now i am legally entitled to be let through with * just * my passport like any other eu citizen . 
  the uk already can not check the immigration status of someone arriving since eu citizens can * visit * the uk on a whim . 
  * that would be so amazingly sexy though . 
  although i 'm not sure that if we burned pesetas we 'd get into too much trouble . 
  i think that a lot of people want to `` take back control '' based on fear and misunderstandings . 
  i meant it more like `` i understand why this happened and where these arguments are coming from '' . 
  what does this mean for tourists then ? 
  eu citizens , should they stay in the uk for less than 3 months , only require to show their ids , that 's the law all over the eu . 
  you only need to register if you are staying for longer than 3 months . 
  aaah , yeah that makes sense . 
  well , if the uk wants concessions , the uk must give something in that others do not . 
  what does the uk have to offer the eu for these concessions ?
