  what does he do ? 
  varies greatly from country to country . 
  well obviously i am no competitions for that sexy delicate combination of sensuous curves , lightly toned with that pristine shade and smoothness to the touch for your delight ... 
  i 'm talking about the cheese wheel of course . 
   same in austria , but muslim girls here do wear a hijab , sometimes as early as elementary school . 
  in my opinion the hijab or any other religious wear has no place in any public schooling facility . 
   banning the hijab in schools is n't really discussed here , but i think it would be an interesting `` experiment '' to see if muslim women would start wearing it at 15 ( after school ) by choice , rather than their parents making them at a much younger age . 
  that actually sounds interesting , i would wonder the same for other religious wear like the kippah for jewish people . 
   we also have the option of homeschooling , but i doubt the majority of ( working class ) muslims would be able to successfully homeschool their children , let alone in german . 
  how does homeschooling work in austria ? 
  is it any good ? 
   so muslim girls/women do n't wear headscarves in schools ? 
  never saw one doing that , the muslim girls in my school just never wore anything in particular . 
   does that cause problems with very religious people who insist their daughters wear it from a young age ? 
  i think so , yes , it makes schooling ( which is obligatory in france if you are minor ) harder , though there is the option of the cned , which is a system where you get books and exams you do yourself , and online contact with correctors and teachers of all topics you are taking ; basically homeschool . 
   what would your reaction be like if somebody ( young ) told you that they go to church every single week ? 
  probably would n't care if they are n't harmful . 
   would you treat or think about this person any differently ? 
  probably just ask if there 's stuff they ca n't eat , like non-halal meat or non-kosher , etc. . . aside from that , not really . 
  because i think you misunderstand french law , public spaces are not the totality of every single space anyone gets to go into ( streets for example ) . 
  public spaces are state-owned properties like schools , hospitals , government buildings , etc. . . 
  so you are not allowed to wear a hijab in these places , and i can tell you that schools are pretty strict with that , hospitals are more flexible for * visitors * ( not for staff nor patients ) , and there is nearly no exceptions for government buildings . 
   edith piaf < 3  david guetta how the fuck dare thee . 
   he even looks like he 's constantly enjoying the smell of his own farts . 
  did n't want to believe it [ but you are actually right ] ( http://c2.thejournal.ie/media/2012/11/enda-kenny-rats-390x285.jpg ) he looks like a weird human with a leprechaun face, 
   electric cars almost have no taxes ** in norway ?? 
  ** okay but forreal that actually means something . 
  go norway !, 
  it 's simple : spanish companies own the infrastructure generating the energy , therefore spanish companies own the energy produced . 
  some of the infrastructures happen to be in portugal , thus the spanish companies are technically generating portuguese energy , promptly selling it to both spanish and portuguese households . 
   do you think your government is doing enough to tackle it , and how are they proceeding ? 
  yes , for now , i think that we still need to maintain our current efforts as well as tackle some other issues . 
   is climate change denial prominent at all in your area ? 
  ( ugh ) nah son , never heard anyone that dumb . 
   how do you feel about climate change ? 
  i hate that we 've got to this point , and i 'm a little bit alarmed that a lot of other countries are * not * taking much effort ; this for me is a world issue . 
   what do you personally do ( if anything ) to be environmentally friendly ? 
  i recycle and try to use less polluting options for products or services ( instead of always taking planes or buses abroad , i try to always take greener means of transports like electric trains ) . 
   edit : also good morning hi !, 
   i like to refer to enda kenny as a schnake cunt to whoever will listen . 
  i 'm listening . 
  * i am the beauty standard everyone else needs to step up their game * / s, 
  not a currency , so not the same treatment . 
  they get put at the end , like 1kg, 
  in europe i 'll have to say azerbaijan or kazakhstan if they count . 
  i can not think of much we have in common . 
  if they do n't count as europe , then i 'll likely say kosovo/albania . 
  outside of europe , i think the furtherest away culturally would probably be saudi arabia , qatar , etc. . . or maybe nepal too . 
  convention would be my best guess . 
  we say \u00e9\u00e9n euro ( one euro ) , i think that the $ is merely there for units sake . 
  the former dutch currency ( guilder ) used the symbol \u0192 or fl . 
  and it was written \u019225 .50 . 
  i only ever see it in that case , so i 'd guess so , yes . 
  ... well it * is * amsterdam , so over here maybe things are different . 
  ... i may have made a mistake while writing that , thanks for pointing it out !, 
  i have n't seen $ 2,50 used around here that often though , usually the $ is at the end no ? 
  in a game i own , the prices for a thousand change if you set the game in german : in english the price can be 1 500 $ or 20 600 $ with a space , but in german it 's 1500 $ and 20 600 $ ( no space for 1000-9000 ) is this a thing ? 
  that 's really a shame , hopefully the newer generation will be a bit more well informed i hope, 
  jesus , sounds pretty bad . 
  i do n't understand what made doubrava claim the eu even * begins * to care about the letter \u0158 ... 
  i bet it 's something along the lines of `` oh muh keyboard in the parliament did n't have the \u0158 this is clearly an attempt by the eu to destroy the czech masterrace alphabet '' or something equally as plausible ... 
  i think it has n't changed my views in the slightest about other europeans or their countries , which considering i have mostly good opinions about them ( yes we have problems but we slowly will work them out as usual ) . 
  it * did * give me more of a grasp on smaller fun heartwarming things , like what other europeans like to eat , or drink , where they go shopping , or more stuff to see around the continent ... 
  it 's basically just been a lovely chat . 
   because eu wants to ban the letter \u0158 ( no , i 'm not kidding . 
  one of our senators , jaroslav doubrava , said so ) . 
  i actually wan na hear more about this , what the hell is doubrava on about ? 
  and here i was thinking that visiting gotland in winter sounded cooler . 
  damn . 
   `` why do you live here during the winter ? '', 
  ... the fuck ? 
  who says that ? 
  never heard this expression said for anything outside the eu and its antecedents . 
  i 'd say we would speak of peace for the efta , eec , ec , eu ; but anything outside of it is excluded , as we 've had for example a soviet invasion of hungary and czechoslovakia , the balkan wars , etc. . . 
  but the eu ( and its past selves ) has never really had a member go at war with another . 
  i think the dutch system , works great !, 
  sure there is the need for coalitions but i believe that is genuinely the best way we have to ensure a better democratic reasonable rule without having to follow a one-party system ( dangerous imo ) . 
  we 'll help you out ** if ** you take geert wilders with you . 
  americans being the `` coolest '' in the world : nah , they seem a bit too energetic and uppity ( sometimes coming off as fake niceness to me ) , plus also sometimes i just feel like a part of american perception is far too generic at times , so discussions are a bit trickier . 
  relax , be open , be happy , and you 'll be cooler . 
   your nationality : portuguese-french  who you think is the coolest nationality : in europe , probably the swedes , outside of europe , australia and new zealand win hands down , chillest coolest people ever , love 'em to bits . 
   who you think is the least cool nationality : in europe , i think it would be the french ( pls no guillotine ) , outside of europe , that award will have to go to saudis . 
   is it safe to say that europe simply succeeds because it 's rich ? 
  nope , because if we were * just * rich then we 'd only be rich for a while and then poor , historically . 
  in reality we are rich because a lot of what you cited actually worked out for a few of us , like how capitalism is still thriving , and liberalism still does . 
   it discovered the americas , the 14th century equivalent of striking oil , and was able to build a strong enough army , unhindered by philosophies that prohibits military engagement , which allowed it to gain more wealth and grow their economies ? 
  in the 14th century . 
  we were a very different place and very different people , consider that we no longer are colonial empires as those days are over , and that we instead restructured ourselves for the best outcomes for ourselves , and this time without colonies . 
  we are rich because we are * successful * at what we can provide the world with . 
   all it has done during the past century is rid itself of the ` conservative ' christian influenced laws . 
  ... you really do not know european history very well do you ? 
  i mean , just look at the fall of the berlin wall , an escape from an atheist state , or the velvet revolution . 
  furthermore , think also about the great feuds we 've had that were n't based on religion . 
   pretty much everything else is due to monetary investment into research and development . 
  or perhaps we 've become so successful at scientific development because of our newly founded cooperation among us as well as our careful attention to science , especially since the continent had the pleasure of knowing its benefits but also face its greatest monsters . 
   it has achieved nothing in terms of intellectual thought which did n't already exist in asia . 
  and here 's how a troll becomes obvious . 
  would you care to cite this or are you just talking out your arse ? 
  scientific and intellectual development in the two continents has been very different , some were asian inventions and some were european ( or do you think that asia invented most technologies we have nowadays ? ) . 
  i think that is a compelling reason , however i think that there is far more reasons for a lepen failure than just `` oh we 're not like the us ! '' .
