  there is no correct answer and it is * really * damn stressful . 
  keep in mind that northern ireland is still in dire need of the peacemaking process due to tensions between protestants and catholics , to the point that * to this day * there are communities that needed to go full-trump and build walls to protect themselves on both sides . 
  and then we just went back to studying . 
  university lyf . 
  i once was bitching at a friend ( playfully ) and i told him `` bitch if you keep going i will break your face like it was yugoslavia '' . 
  little did i know that our serbian friend was just behind him ... holy fuck thank hell she laughed . 
  what about opt-outs that the uk ( as still a member of the eu ) still has ? 
  would an independent scotland be obliged to use the euro and be part of schengen like all new members are required to ? 
   i am from an ethnically mixed marriage of a croat and a serb . 
  ** ultimate yugoslav heressy ** / s, 
  turn the lights off , carry me hooooome !, 
  pretty sure that the dutch here in the netherlands just collectively eyeroll at it and focus on something else shortly after . 
  it does n't seem to have much of a great effect . 
  ah well , lots of portuguese and spanish people go towards the uk . 
  you may have pretty bad weather most of the time , but your beautiful cities still are so damn sexy . 
  i think that the chavs in particular do n't come to the iberian peninsula to properly live but rather party and burnout , then go back . 
  there are lots of brits who stick around though , especially in spain , and they tend to be retired people just wanting to live where the sun shines brightest , or young people wanting to work abroad or getting a better competence of spanish ( usually working in smaller jobs like retail and such ) . 
  problem is , the chavs ( from the uk and from any country in europe really ) always go to ibiza , barcelona , amsterdam , brussels , berlin , prague , etc. . . and consider themselves `` fancy '' whilst doing it , yet all they do is binge drink and ignore all cultural or touristic opportunities . 
  who the fuck goes to * berlin * and does n't visit any historical or artistic monuments ? 
  jeez ... 
  well , i think scots to be quite a lovely bunch , like the english ; problem is all the chavs that come over and still think ibiza and barcelona are * that * fancy ... 
  what has already been decided ? 
  sure , mad cow disease sucks but i 'm not really sure what you mean . 
  what 's moot ? 
  also , it did ? 
  oh fuck here it goes again . 
   britain used to get the likes of bananas and oranges from commonwealth countries like the west indies and at a much cheaper price than eu ones until we were forced to buy eu produce . 
  then how come it still decided to stop and join the eec ? 
  and why did n't it just do it like norway and join the efta , or strike an fta with the eu itself ? 
  multiple countries such as portugal , france , the netherlands , spain , italy , all have had to cut back on such trades since these are not really replacements nor are as reliable as they once were . 
  do you think the uk can get bananas from the west indies like it gets in the eu ? 
  plus , why do you think that the uk was * forced * to buy anything ? 
  you can have as much non-eu import/export as you want , but since we 're a common market then you must agree with all other members on ftas and other similar elements . 
   that is easily reinstated . 
  what can ? 
   scotland 's economic status brings the rest of he uk down , remember we subsidise them . 
  when we leave the eu and if scotland goes as well we will be # 20 billion up . 
  i think you are falling for snp rhetoric here . 
  historically scotland asked to join the uk after bankrupting themselves and those 30 years apart we have been supporting them ever since . 
  why do you think these indyrefs have suddenly appeared ? 
  it 's a bit like a portugal national party wanting out of the eu . 
  that is very true , and i would like to just say that i do n't support scotland outside the uk nor inside ; what i * do * care about is that no matter in nor out that scotland gets treated with the respect it deserves . 
  portugal has no actual rises of anti-eu parties , nor does spain ( but that is mainly because we are both petrified of those politicians since they were the ones who made us both bloody dictatorships for decades ) . 
  i believe that scotland needs to be listened to as does northern ireland and gibraltar concerning trade and rights for citizens . 
  scotland benefits a lot from the common market ( and yes it does benefit more from the rest of the uk but i still believe that they would be losing too much on their already delicate economy ) and there should be absolutely * no * brexit until it is approved by every part of the uk . 
  listen to them , negotiate the terms , and maybe even we will see the snp back down . 
   the scots have a devolved parliament . 
  day to day running of scotland is up to them for example health , transport and education . 
  uk matters are for the uk parliament . 
  the scottish can not hold the rest of us back if they think they are better off apart then so be it . 
  however recent surveys show scots are more concerned about the health service than an indyref . 
  as far as i 've heard , westminster has a * hefty * say on social welfare policies . 
  i believe that scotland , as it faces problems , should not be kept off the negotiating table and instead should make sure that * all * parts of the uk agree on what the best brexit looks like . 
  if scotland is already fucked economically inside the uk , then it is very important that we do n't disrupt their economy and that scotland does n't get dragged into a situation where it gets worse . 
  this also goes for gibraltar and northern ireland and wales . 
   as for the turkish govt i do n't know what is going on but i do know 36 % of people who would have gone there on holiday are now going to greece so not all bad . 
  the turkish government wanted to hold rallies for the `` yes '' campaign in a referendum to grant erdogan ( yes , * that * guy ) even more power and essentially turn turkey into an autocratic dictatorship . 
  austria , the netherlands , and germany all banned these rallies and erdogan publicly called these countries nazis . 
  the netherlands decided to deny permission for a turkish minister ( who publicly announced he would hold the rally regardless ) to land on the netherlands , so she did so in germany ( who did n't ban the * landing * ) and transited by car ... the consulate in rotterdam had to be blocked so that the rally could not take place and she , since she refused to get out of her bloody car , got bloody toed . 
  i guess you 've already seen the very ridiculous protests happening here and there , like cutting oranges against `` fascist holland '' ( even though the word oranje , the family name of our royal family , has absolutely no relation with the * fruit * which is called sinaasappel , plus , cutting fruit in protest ? 
  really ? ), 
  or burning the french flag by mistake , stealing the dutch flag at the dutch consulate in istanbul and replacing it with the turkish one ( even though the netherlands gives zero fucks about its own flag , it 's not even held in parliament for example ) . 
  but that also filters out scots who moved abroad and back as well . 
  plus is it 15 years in total , or 15 * consecutive * years ? 
   not up to us , up to them . 
  as for natural resources they can be grown anywhere . 
  that is scientifically impossible . 
  let me give you an example : oranges and bananas in the eu are generally grown in the southern portion of the iberian peninsula because it has the requirements for these goods to thrive , not only weather but also soil characteristics ( something that italy lacks for these products ) . 
  the same applies for a lot of the products in scotland that can not be grown just * anywhere * . 
   energetic needs ? 
  there are far more wind farms in england . 
  yet wind power is only 11 % of the total british consumption . 
   as for us ignoring their needs , remember the # 8 billion each year they get to spend in the scottish parliament , of english money . 
  well , if you were to compromise on some decisions that have brought scottish economy down , plus not putting investments that the eu pumps into scotland ( and poorer parts all over the uk as well ) in jeopardy , nor denying them of fairer democratic rule over their own land . 
  remember that england is * not * scotland no matter how much money goes into scotland , and although i do agree these investments made to scotland are important , i also believe that scottish residents should ultimately be in control of scotland itself , not english residents . 
   oh and an airport receives international flights do n't be so protectionist like the us right now . 
  i do n't mind turkish flights , there 's lots of them that do n't cause much trouble . 
  but if it is a plane whose contents are shamelessly bring havoc , go against primary values , and are calling 3 countries whom have suffered a great deal because of hitler `` nazis '' then that plane can kindly fuck off . 
  turkish people are as welcome in the eu as they ever were , however immigration is still carefully tightened and that 's not gon na change , the issue that the netherlands faced had nothing to do with this but rather erdogan knowingly trying to breach dutch law and get away with it . 
   ( just trying to help here , use `` energy '' not enegetic ) . 
  thanks , i appreciate small corrections like these , they help with the usual faux amis between languages ( i 'm not being sarcastic , i do )  i 'm off to bed , if you like we can continue this tomorrow . 
  pleasure talking to you . 
  thanks !, 
  i should probably head to sleep as well ; it 's a pleasure talking to you as well . 
   mmm that means a net receiver for 270 years and every year from now on since the oil price tanked . 
  if you do n't like them , let them go . 
   you have yet to address my point on english concerns , you conveniently avoid that . 
  we are the majority . 
  english concerns * are * being represented , and yes you are a majority but your system does not take into account smaller nations thus creating tensions . 
  the uk needs to be united for its own sake but the current framework makes england basically the sole one to ever have a say on anything . 
   gibraltar are in an unfortunate position but again seem to have done ok over the last 300 years of british protection from spain . 
  good luck now that there is no longer a cooperative agreement with the spanish republic ( since it does not exist ) and now with far higher needs for trade and travel to spain ( since a lot of the locals actually work in spain itself ) how will the uk answer this while dealing with an economic downfall * and * a discord among its own nations ? 
   no idea what scottish resources you are talking about . 
  how about technological manufacturing ? 
  in 2006 , scotland produced 28 % of europe 's pcs . 
  yet the profits go to companies such as hp , which even though since the 1950s they have been installed in scotland , their banking proceeds are still centralized in london ( like most multinational companies ) . 
  this is not even talking about the * natural * resources scotland has that food companies such as asda and tesco uk greatly rely on to maintain their prices , nor the uk 's energetic needs . 
   ps if the eu is an airport why ca n't the turks land ? 
  since when is turkey an eu member ? 
  plus , turkey is acting less like a plane and more like a broken , dated , sad fighter jet ; or do you * want * turkey to send its rallies to the uk ?
