   belgium  fantasy ** you 're alright with us , buddy < 3 **, 
  yes, 
  moved from portugal to france , and from france to the netherlands . 
  so why not instead , if the explicit goal is to promote * more immigration from certain countries * , provide easier visa arrangements for said countries ? 
  statistically there are very little dutch people elegible compared to other huge countries that * are * elegible such as russia . 
  so it 's not really giving us much of a chance if for every 1 dutch participant there are thousands more russian ones . 
  i do n't get why a diverse immigration is even needed , but even that 's besides my point . 
  my point is : * is it not easier to provide better and easier visa schemes to the people you are actively trying to attract , rather than leaving it to entire blind luck ? 
  again , what is the point of having a lottery based system for this ? 
  would n't it be easier to ever so slightly make visa restrictions more lax for citizens you are trying to attract ? 
  why is luck involved in the process ? 
  perhaps there is merely not a lot of demand to go to the us from some countries compared to others and that 's natural . 
  the [ restrictions ] ( http://www.immihelp.com/green-card-lottery/green-card-lottery-usa-eligibility.html ) clearly say that you * can not * participate in the lottery if you are from india , the philippines , or china ( excluding macau , hong kong , and taiwan ) . 
  so this is just a lottery for what again ? 
  let random people without a concrete and confirmed purpose into the us with full residency and working rights in ? 
  i merely do n't understand the purpose of this . 
  the us is without a doubt a * very * attractive country to move to for tonnes of people , and if there genuinely is a want to move there , as well as a contribution ( a job , marriage , etc. . . ) then the visa policies should allow so to be done naturally without the need for * luck * . 
  i do agree that maybe it is best for a cost-benefit analysis , but i just do n't see it as a fair and competent system for such an attractive country . 
  why do those countries not send many immigrants ? 
  perhaps the visa restrictions are harder for those citizens , or maybe there is a genuine disinterest in the us in general . 
  i believe that if someone * actively wants * to go to the us and is genuinely a good addition to the american population , then the visa policies should allow it without any need for blinding luck . 
  do the regular visa policies * not * do so ? 
  why do the * regular * visa policies fail in this domain ? 
  i read through the restrictions , they are as follows : 1-must not be from bangladesh , brazil , canada , china ( macau , hong kong , taiwan excluded ) , colombia , dominican republic , el salvador , guatemala , haiti , india , jamaica , mexico , pakistan , peru , the philippines , south korea , the united kingdom ( including all dependent territories , excluding northern ireland ) . 
  2-complete high school ( or equivalent to the us 's 12-year system ) . 
  3-hold an occupation that fits the job zone 4 or 5 in the o * net database in a specific vocation preparation range between 7.0 and 8.0 . 
  4-you may not participate if you are a past criminal , mentally disturbed , a threat to the us 's national interest , or if you can not work and provide for yourself . 
  these for me sound all very good but the exclusion of * any * english for me is already quite alarming and i still do not see how this system is of any possible benefit for the us . 
  if the us genuinely needs workers , then there should be proper legal ways to allow immigrants to properly integrate the american labor market ( which if this lottery system actually responds to a demand , it 's a sign that whatever the current system is for visas is not working ) . 
  dutch it up , son . 
  unless you want a really shitty retail job in a very touristy area , of course . 
  via a damn * lottery * system ? 
  tonnes of people want to migrate to europe , however i do not want to grant working rights nor residence rights to people who merely will not be able to be of any benefit to europe , especially on days like ours with the refugee crisis and our problems with integration . 
  illegal immigration needs to be fought at every corner , i agree , and i also agree that having a wide range of visa possibilities is great , but it * has * to serve the purpose of granting residency and working rights to those who will contribute to their country ; and not be based on * a damn lottery *, 
  what is the purpose of this programme then ? 
  this is not beneficial to the us to just let people in who , let 's face it , are unwarranted . 
  does the us need more workers that do not meet the usual visa regulations for migration ( education , marriage , etc. . . ) and are more likely to be less useful ? 
  so that 's it ? 
  what if i 'm the world 's most useless person ? 
  if i have absolutely no business to the us and all i 'll cause is unwanted immigration to a country i 'll refuse to accept the social norms of etc. . . 
  i do n't see how this can be of * any * benefit for neither european countries nor the us . 
  so what exactly do you win ? 
  the chance of going through regular us immigration processing ? 
  i do n't think i understand this . 
  lottery is basically a tax on stupidity in my opinion . 
  i find the idea of just granting a green card based entirely on luck extremely dishonest and even a possible security breach . 
  i find it an extremely bad idea from beginning to end . 
  the hungarian language is really cool in my opinion , and budapest is gorgeous . 
   also i know the basics about european culture and it ca n't be hard to learn and adapt . 
  first , there is no `` european '' culture , we are very diverse , so no , you do not know the `` basics '' also , if you think adapting is n't hard , you * may * be surprised . 
  from the sound of what you write you have * no * clue about the problems europe has , much less the difficulties a 3rd country national such as yourself will face . 
  so * those * people know about life , culture , and language in europe . 
  do * you * know anything about it ? 
   e\u00d8s for those wondering , it stands for europeiske \u00f8konomiske samarbeidsomr\u00e5de . 
  it 's just the norwegian term for european economic area . 
  those are all very good debatable points too , plus i heard that there are `` suicide notes '' parties have in norway so basically there 's no talks about a future eu-membership in the government . 
  at least that 's what i 've heard ( not really the best person to talk about norwegian politics ) . 
  that all sounds actually very interesting . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  really ? 
  my debit card works the same exact way all over europe . 
  i think you 're right . 
  i think maybe volkskrant since i see it around being read more often , but then again that 's merely based on an observation and is probably hella biased . 
  i think the most generally accepted is [ nos.nl ] ( http://nos.nl ), 
  i hope they get put up in america , i think they are great to use , and make mcdonald 's more efficient . 
  do you have wavepay/nfc/whatever it 's called in the us ? 
  where you just put your card on the machine , it goes beeep and you paid automatically ? 
  when i meant cards i meant * debit * cards . 
  credit cards are not as widely used in the least . 
  i mainly was talking about how apparently when you pay by card ( credit or debit ) you always have to see if you swipe it or you put the chip in or whatever you do , whereas in the netherlands , you can do any of those you want and the result is the same exact thing ( same for credit cards too ) . 
  i remember it happening like 4 or 5 times in my childhood , and they all just lasted for like 10 minutes ? 
  i ca n't remember any loss of power ever since , like , 2005 i think ? 
  there was a power cut in north holland a while back , however it did n't affect me nor most people i know ( we were all asleep and did n't even know about it until the morning ), 
  i thought they were actually an american thing . 
  do you think they would work over there ? 
  in here you have to pay by card , and as i understand it 's not as simple in america ( swipe/chip/sign / what the fuck ), 
  i hope not , merely because i believe that a lower euro value makes the eurozone more competitive in the world market , which is something that perhaps should be a bit of a priority nowadays , just for a while . 
  our economies seem to be progressing very well ( all things considered ) so i 'd rather maintain the current value and change it according to what 's best for our countries rather than try to reach higher values . 
  oooooh , i saw your flair and i thought it was england at first glance . 
  sorry about that . 
  aaah fair enough . 
  i 'll make sure to check it out eventually , thanks !, 
  ... i do n't get it ? 
  one of my lecturers made this joke about the irish :  two cops are getting to know each other after being repositioned somewhere in ulster :  cop 1 : so tell me , are you a catholic or protestant ? 
   cop2 : i 'm jewish !, 
   cop1 : ... but are you a catholic jew or a protestant jew ? 
  * there are 3 fucking movies why the fuck is this ever a thing ? 
  ... til the show * is n't * american originally . 
  how do the two versions compare ? 
  are they the same ? 
  not sure how popular it is , but there 's always au service de la france ( a very secret service in english ) on netflix . 
  it 's far more comedy , but definitely touches up on past and present political french elements , sometimes daring a bit too much ( like joking about algeria being french and whatnot ), 
  the official deadline for all phone companies to abolish roaming fees is the 17th of july , but i think nearly all of them are doing it early . 
  my company ( ben , a subsidiary of t-mobile ) , for example , is implementing it quite late compared to others ( the 13th of july ) once the company applies this , you will have the exact same plan you have in your own country without paying extra . 
  however keep in mind that there are limitations in place in terms of time and you ca n't just live abroad with a foreign phone number , and for unlimited services like data or calling there are also certain limitations . 
  you 'll have to check with your service provider to see how these apply to you though . 
  it 's still disputed , so technically , according to the portuguese government , the border includes oliven\u00e7a . 
  in quite a few maps they just drew both border claims of spain and portugal the same way they drew crimea ( though the situation is * far * less extreme ), 
  fair enough . 
  never heard anyone called iva though , it would be really awkward .
