  which i would argue the eu is aware of and is trying to work towards ( another reason i voted to leave , and would hope other countries to do too ) . 
  i 'm portuguese , our economy has grown a * lot * ever since we 've gotten into it , especially it helped us restabilize after decades of dictatorship and also helped promote a far better relationship with spain . 
  plus , due to the fact that our economies are smaller , we get * literally free investments * onto us in order to improve our state . 
  we did suffer with the eurocrisis , however keep in mind that its origins date back to a toxic entitrisation spreading perpetrated ( mainly , but still partially ) by the us from 2008 onwards that only really exploded in 2009/2010 and reached its peak in 2011 . 
  you can * definitely * argue that you do not want to be part of a political union , as well as an economic policy ; those for me are very true and * reasonable * reasons to vote leave ; however i disagree that other countries should , because unlike the uk , other countries have * far * more ties with other eu states and after the massive shitfest that may 's administration has been , the eurosceptic sentiment as * recently * gone down statistically across the continent ( plus ireland ) . 
   which i would argue the eu is anyway . 
  it has the guise of being `` free-trade without the downsides '' , but in actuality the downsides are still there . 
  because each member does n't have a veto to new regulations , we are ultimately all subject to the tyranny of the majority . 
  but it 's not * just * a majority , any resolution needs to be approved by a * qualified majority voting * which means that even if you have 50 % +1 vote it does not pass , plus it also needs to be approved not only by the council of ministers ( which are literally your own country 's ministers ) but also by the european parliament ( which are * directly * elected by european citizens ) and the commission ( all appointed by the national governments themselves ) obeys the agenda and request set out by the european council ( literally our national leaders meeting up and defining such affairs ) . 
  not to mention that there is also a multi-speed eu , or how do you think that the netherlands and finland managed to veto romanian and bulgarian ascension to schengen ? 
   whataboutism . 
  or literally knowing that governments do not always listen to demos , not even exclusively the uk 's  `` less than now '' is my position . 
  i grow a significant portion of my food myself , even making my own compost - and eat locally raised animals too . 
  regulation is simply unnecessary for me in the food market . 
  * for you * since you produce your own , however for people who live in cities or in areas where they can not produce food for themselves , regulations are needed to maintain safety and reliability of goods . 
  if there were no regulations in the food market in amsterdam , i could inject aids infected blood into an orange and sell it * legally * , so there are standards and practices to be met especially for a country that is so high a target for a * lot * of its enemies such as the uk ( and that is not a dig at the uk , france and germany also have enemies that * very much * would like their downfall , but none should give in and facilitate the process ) . 
  i want each of our countries to be free to negotiate for tax/regulation-free trade . 
  for example : it 'd benefit the whisky industry if it were n't taxed so highly in france , and the wine industry in france would benefit if wine were n't so highly taxed here in the uk - so we could workout an agreed trade level . 
  this reveals a huge issue : if the common market was a mere free-trade zone then we would all be dominated by the strongest and most competitive economy whether we like it or not with no say on the matter , take a look at how the deutschmark dominated the financial policies of the netherlands ' guilders before the euro and you will see that we need a common market where the smaller economies have also a say , or we will * all * eventually be dominated by the strongest emergent economy and can even restart the constant mini-trade wars we 've had prior to this . 
  the common market is designed to prevent the downsides of free-trade by installing common obligations and making sure that there is no economy left fully behind on its course . 
  the uk , for example , even as a very strong economy , would eventually be potentially subjugated by the german economy since the german economy is * just that huge * . 
   to be decided by the demos . 
  because the uk government has ben * oh so open * to them in the past . 
   in some cases it may , and in others is nothing but a barrier to entry and competition . 
  i agree that overregulation is a problem , but in the case of europe , we have plentiful resources and products , abundance of basically everything we want to buy , so this tends to be a * far * more a minor issue regarding trade with external entities . 
  lack of regulation in such a big and rich market as is the eu 's market can * very very quickly * be dangerous though , especially in terms of economic relevance in the world . 
   you 've missed my point for 3 replies now : minimal regulation , not none . 
  but i have yet to hear where you put your food down , where the limits should be for you . 
   frontex and ngos are `` saving '' migrants in the sea and bringing them to italy . 
  this turns into a ferry service because the migrants and smugglers exploit this . 
  we do not have any border protection . 
  in fact we have negative border protection . 
  there would be fewer migrants coming if we did nothing . 
  this is due to our rights convention , so if you want to let them die then you would also let europeans drown at sea , because you ca n't really check someone 's passport when they are busy trying to keep afloat . 
  furthermore , there are ngos that bring migrants * from libyan waters * into italian ones in order for them to be under italian jurisdiction , * this * is part of the problem right there . 
  i agree that italy and greece ( whom are both the ones responsible for answering this issue ) need to take up a far better stance at their border safety , because if you look at spain and portugal , there are no real major issues ( except for ceuta and majorca , but still they are heavily protected ) . 
  frontex does n't really do anything the local national governments do not ask it to , it is subsidiary in its operations , so it only obeys , it has no brain of its own , ngos however do , and sometimes they go against national interest . 
   conventions were written by people who knew nothing about the current situation and the people who wrote them are n't infallible gods . 
  they were humans that poop and pee just like the rest of us . 
  never said the contrary , and i believe that part of those conventions need to be rediscussed in light of these new issues . 
   this is fucked up because there is nothing humanitarian about letting in migrants . 
  the cost of a migrant for 1-2 months can save a life if the money was given to another charity . 
  foreign aid to those kind of charities was decreased to pay for the migrants . 
  we are literally letting a person die for the increased comfort of a migrant for 1-2 months . 
  that 's without even considering that thousands of people are drowning at sea because we give them an incentive to take the risk . 
  well , the fact is that these funds were not really being directed to charity at all shows that the problem is not fully this . 
  i still defend the project to create safeguards in the libyan coast ( or applicable similar ) to promote a place for refugees of war to say , get an education , and be under european protection . 
  this fills up our duties as per our bill of human rights without guaranteeing entry into europe itself and thus putting less at risk when it comes to social tensions and the question of integration . 
   you claimed that it is impossible to actually have a functioning border . 
  i used this example to show that is nonsense . 
  i did no such thing though , i claimed that we have two member states whom are not guarding their external borders well enough , we * can * have a safe and functioning border , but we either need someone else to take charge of the mediterranean water territory of the eu to protect it ( since italy and greece are not currently filling up their responsibility ) , a second option would have a * common * external border responsibility and thus make all countries participate into border safety far more cooperative and strong . 
   many of them : same principle applies - keep it as minimal as possible . 
   that violates the nap , and you 'd be picked off pretty swiftly . 
  how far is too far then ? 
  they provide a better service at a lower price . 
  regulation only hurts consumers here . 
  no , regulation * protects * consumers from malpractice , and airbnb has been pretty hated here in amsterdam due to the * really * bad effects it brought us , especially in jordaan and centrum . 
  what is there to stop me from selling you a hilton hotel room at 50 $ but then when you get there it 's all a lie ? 
  fuck the consumer right ? 
  no regulations , no problem !, 
   yes , but you did n't buy it from britain , you bought it from france . 
  see the issue ? 
  i was the guy who ordered up the shipment * from britain * , all the way from east anglia itself to \u00cele-de-france . 
  our clients bought it from a supermarket in france . 
   an amazon.co.eu would means you would have to pay the double excise because you 're buying from the uk , not a french supermarket . 
  so you basically want this to be * one * tax then right ? 
  well there are minimum rates for these however nearly all companies i worked with that had to pay significantly more taxes ( like in the uk ) proposed to pay it themselves for shipments , so my supermarket did n't pay them and the price was the same proposed without a double tax . 
  this is a very standard practice also applied for other industries like tobacco ( even though tobacco tends to flow * far * less than alcohol ) . 
  so again , if companies are ready to propose one same price for all of europe , tax included ( as it is in prices , with exceptions of variables that sellers can not guess like ideal or credit card fees ) then this is n't really an issue . 
  you pay for what you get . 
  agreed . 
  it 's amazing what people make up about regulations , i once remember i met this woman who thought that it was an eu regulation that made the clothing sizes awkward for her while shopping abroad ... 
  even though there are n't real regulations to the usage of `` xs , s , m , l , xl '' in clothing , they just vary from brand to brand ... 
  it was a british supplier , who sold its product to the french supermarket , and in the supermarket there was no real tax on them at all . 
  they were treated the same as any other alcoholic beverage ... 
   we have no border protection whatsoever . 
  the agency that is supposed to defend the border is ferrying migrants from libya to italy . 
  so the situation is very much comparable with having no seat belts and then arguing that seat belts are not good because they do n't save 100 % of lives . 
  that i agree with * in part * because frontex is not actually fully responsible from defending the borders . 
  that job is mainly the member states that * have * an external border . 
  finland deals with russia , italy deals with the mediterranean , etc. . . that is a very big part of the schengen agreement . 
  frontex mainly helps when asked to do so , and it is not at all ferrying migrants from lybia to italy ( that was another entity that even got heavily shunned by trying that , since it is illegal on multiple degrees ) . 
  i agree that our border protection needs to be rethought , because right now we have member states that are not bringing enough in the way of this refugee crisis ( italy and greece primarily ) as well as also the fact that we are all signatories of the geneva convention which makes these people , by law , refugees , and thus can not be just sent back . 
  does n't help that by our own laws we can not let people die in our waters indiscriminate of nationality or origin ( if a vessel is in danger then it must be helped and brought to shore , that 's the main big exploit of this system ) . 
   the only reason these migrants are n't stopped is because we choose to let them in . 
  the idea that it is impossible to defend the border with modern technology is absolutely ridiculous . 
  we do n't really have a choice right now due to the state of our current policies regarding human rights conventions that all of europe ( including countries even * outside * the eu ) have signed and agreed with . 
  refugees are to be taken in , the actual problem now is that there are social tensions with them , and quite a share of them are actually * economic * migrants trying their best to get access to the richer countries ( how many refugees fully arrived in portugal , lithuania , slovenia , etc. . . decided to run off to sweden , france , and germany ? ) . 
  this is the true issue itself : the fact that we * must * accept these refugees as based by our conventions , but they are coming in far too great numbers for our processes to take place and weed out the non-appliccable cases more efficiently , as well as social tensions with the refugee crisis and questions over the actual * goal * of some of them based on their cherry picking of eu states . 
   if putin puts his army on crap migrant boats in libya and heads to italy , do you think we 'd be able to stop them ? 
  well , it would be extremely small , and keep in mind that the russian army itself is n't that strong ( seriously , russia is n't even * half * as powerful as the ussr ) . 
  plus , you do n't just take people to shore nor just let in people onboard without verifications and safety procedures so what * exactly * can the russian army do in a tiny shite boat from libya into italy ? 
   nah , not an ancap - i see a role for the state and governance in general . 
  it 's just that i view it as the aim to keep it as small as possible to give people the liberty to live their lives without interference . 
  then you fully disagree with laws as well , because those are a form of regulation after all . 
  why should the government try to stop me from mugging people in the street ? 
  it 's * my * liberty after all . 
   almost like their was stifling regulation preventing competition ... or lack of regulation so they literally just sold whatever they wanted . 
  that is what happened , higher products were sold but * only * to our highest leaders that wasted astronomical amounts of money on them whereas the average citizen could never afford any . 
   then along comes a competitor seeing a market ripe for providing a better service and seizes nearly all market share : see uber vs taxis .
