  ** just you fucking try again you frenchified fuck we beat you once we will beat you again ** ^ / s, 
   scotland will have to leave to the eu before it can reapply . 
  so scotland would be facing brexit in addition to leaving the uk . 
  it wo n't be replacing brexit uncertainty with independence uncertainty , it 'll be adding them together . 
  they already 100 % follow the acquis communautaire , so they can enter the eu with extreme ease if they merely do n't change anything related to the acquis . 
  it 's even been said in official interviews with meps in strasbourg that an independent scotland , since the uk already follows the acquis , would also follow the acquis and therefore its membership would be * very * quick and easy . 
  most likely , yeah . 
  i live in zo , so everything is surinamese , * everything * . 
   has n't poland made such an agreement and sort of refused to join the euro . 
  as i see it there is scope . 
  perhaps that may be something to be negotiated , particularly as we are currently a member who does not currently use euro . 
  they joined in 2004 when joining the euro was not a requirement . 
  they freely refused since it was optional . 
  this new requirement on membership to join both schengen and euro was adopted in 2009 ( a year later after romania and bulgaria joined ) so croatia so far is the sole one legally required to join . 
  i agree that an opt-out for scotland would be reasonable for schengen and the eurozone though , especially for schengen since it would be pretty stupid to force you into it . 
   we do n't have a say within the uk . 
  they could n't be clearer . 
  i just hope we do n't fuck the referendum up this time !, 
  sturgeon officially says she wants to rejoin the eu , although i imagine the merits of both will be discussed when the time comes , right after the next election results , i strongly hope . 
  i believe so too , and that an independent scotland would have more of a say over what 's what in scottish land and sea than it currently does . 
  i just worry about the potential relationship between scotland and the rest of the uk if it becomes independent , since trade between the two is very important . 
  we 'd have our own country . 
  i wonder what the scottish anthem would be ( maybe still the same ? 
  ) , and the official titles and such . 
  i 'm aware of it , these tricks make it a bit hard to assess exactly how scotland 's doing economically , if they meet standards . 
  everyone 's heard the spook stories of scottish debt and such but i do n't feel like we 're getting reliable readings just yet sometimes, 
   we do n't have to join the euro though . 
  scotland had been producing it 's own pound for years through banks . 
  we could tweak that system a bit , link it to either the pound or the euro and continue as we were . 
  as it stands , new member states must agree to join the euro once requirements are met , croatia has agreed to joining the euro eventually , and schengen as well . 
   i think the eu is a good option but efta , too , has merits . 
  i hope both options will be explored properly . 
  either way , i want out of the uk . 
  i want us to be able to stand on our own and make our own decisions . 
  i just really want scotland to have a say , be it inside or outside the uk ( though it seems like the uk is going more and more against scottish will ) . 
  i just wonder if scotland would prefer to join the eu or the efta based on the requirements of the eu . 
   i would be interested to see what would happen to the queen and her entourage when they go to balmoral if there were to be a hard border . 
  ah yes , that 's what i 'd personally call * victory *, 
  ** in the netherlands : **  1 - can anyone be admitted to some university ? 
  or is the admission selective based on bachelor grades or other factors ? 
  provided you are applying for an english programme , they will review your grades and if you have a sufficient english level ( if you 're from an english-speaking country you do n't need this part ) . 
  they choose the best candidates , though i may add that it 's unlikely to get refused everywhere , just apply to plenty of establishments . 
  if you wish to further your studies you must have sufficient past education , if you wan na do a bachelor 's you need to finish high school ( or equivalent depending on where you studied ) and if you want a master 's you need to do a compatible bachelor 's . 
   2 - how difficult is it to find an advisor and become a phd student ? 
  advisers are not very common , usually it really comes down to your own research if you are a foreign student . 
  there are plenty of resources online , and calling universities tends to be very effective for more particular queries . 
  it would help to know where you 're from and your previous education so that i can better know just what exactly you 'll need to study in the netherlands ( eu citizens have different requirements than non-eu citizens , and educational systems greatly influence your chances if you are non-eu ), 
  i think that for the scottish case , since the euro is * not * popular in the least , and schengen would mean that you 'd have an actual border with england ( without anything in return since you have no land borders with any other eu country ) , so that as well is n't a good option ... 
  the efta really seems like the way to go * for a start * to see how scotland turns out , if scotland wants to fully join the eu or still stay in the efta only . 
  i think that for the scottish case , since the euro is * not * popular in the least , and schengen would mean that you 'd have an actual border with england ( without anything in return since you have no land borders with any other eu country ) , so that as well is n't a good option ... 
  the efta really seems like the way to go * for a start * to see how scotland turns out , if scotland wants to fully join the eu or still stay in the efta only . 
  try out croatia !, 
  the island of krk ( not a typo , it literally has no vowels ) is actually pretty sweet . 
  well , if you read up on how the eu 's lobby actually works , they ca n't do that by themselves at all . 
  they * can * convince parliament to do so and ask for this to be included in legislation , which can only be done by the commission ( the same commission every member state nominates one member to go work there ) . 
  this legislation needs to be approved by the council of ministers , which * oh look * it 's your own government . 
  nothing , i repeat , * nothing * is implemented without the consent of the member states , it 's literally impossible . 
  furthermore , from what i can read they actually pushed for higher pays in eastern europe to avoid a lowering of salaries in western europe ... are you even sure of what you 're saying ? 
  hell , they even openly advocated against the belastingdienst for its bullshit with luxembourg and starbucks . 
  i 've actively searched up on their propositions , nothing matches your descriptions at all ... 
  if all goes to shit you 'll still be welcome in the continent ( and ireland ! ), 
  the eu . 
  car . 
  right . 
  now . 
  nah son , we 'd rather stick on the other side this time . 
  the uk may come around and change ^ ( hopefully . ), 
  well , who will you defend us against ? 
  we are on pretty good terms with france and spain , the uk seems to just not care for us . 
  * that 's * what scares you ? 
  an advocacy group ? 
  the uk is full of those too ya know ? 
  so is every single member state , and even countries outside the eu and the efta ... 
  they were one of the earliest adopters of stances against climate change , stances for carbon emission regulations , and even pushed for further cooperation between industries across member states . 
  so far , all that the ert really is is a group of europe 's industrial leaders working to build a more cooperative and competitive europe , while also harmonizing and setting better standards . 
  does * ryanair * scare you ? 
  because they work pretty much the same in the uk 's lobby . 
  not after 2007 , you 're on your own . 
  spain already stated they would not veto scotland if it seceded * legally * which is something catalonia can not do . 
  read up your facts . 
  also , if scotland 's economy is so bad , why not let them go and save the uk some money ? 
  again , what part of the eu is not controlled by its member states and citizens ? 
  so basically you think that the eu is a dictatorship ? 
  let me tell you , my family outlived * two * dictatorships and the semantics of an all-powerful government are not even * remotely * comparable to the eu . 
  in fact , the eu actually protected my homeland from falling into a new dictatorship by providing us with economic and social stability , as well as * stopping political escalation * with our neighbors . 
  i just explained to you how the 3 main bodies of the eu are controlled . 
  they are all controlled either by direct elections or by * national * appointees . 
  furthermore it is the council of ministers that makes requests to the commission for further legislation , so the commission merely works on actually * writing * the treaties whereas it is * your own ministers * that say what 's what and have the power to veto everything until further talks are held . 
  there is no fusion of powers here at all , it is actually quite the contrary , it is what we call multi-layer governmentalism , something that the uk actually supported after ww2 and for a * very * long time onwards . 
  power is extremely diffused in different institutions , which are controlled by national governments ( like your own ) or by the citizens of the european union itself . 
   and as we know with all matters regarding the european union , compromise only takes a really short amount of time . 
  it 's not like negotiating trade agreement until everyone is satisfied can last decades . 
  that 's why it 's not a government . 
   ah so you 're saying the legislative body of the european union can not even enact legislation . 
  what a farce . 
  it 's merely a rubber stamp to the whims of a non-elected executive . 
  i said that the * parliament * has no power of iniciative . 
  you * vote directly * for your mep 's in the parliament , the guys in the council of ministers are * your own damn ministers * and your own government appoints * one * commissioner to the commission itself ( there are no commissioners that are not appointed by a memberstate ) . 
  literally the eu has no power to decide by itself , it is controlled by its member states , hence why it is * not * a government . 
  the uk obviously can not single-handedly control it because power is shared with every member state .
