  sorry , rereading i do realise i should have explained myself better . 
  this is why i believe this database can be made by multiple observers , not just the government , thus you get more than one record about it and if you see discrepencies on them , or find that some of the parties have not observed the trial , you can thus call for more proof to check against mock trials . 
  which part ? 
  by having fully open public records of those exact types of information . 
  anyone should be able to access if they choose to do so , and anyone should be granted the power to question and highlight irregularities publicly . 
  i do n't see how this is the same as fully mediatising them online , and sometimes further . 
  we can have a fully open stream of these informations , but i still do n't think that we really need newspapers to actively dish out every tiny single piece of information . 
  what do you mean by `` disappearing people '' ? 
  do you mean the government trying to keep people from disappearing or the government making people disappear ? 
  i think that all information should be kept on public records , and actively given to people if really relevant . 
  but i disagree with huge media coverages of more personal information if not really necessary . 
  this does not compromise either i feel . 
  that sounds like a fun time , getting herpes can be fun , dealing with herpes afterwards is a pain . 
  man , that 's a lot of salt . 
  did n't germany have to deal with the gdr in the 90s ? 
  that 's pretty sure to cost a lot so a deficit would not at all surprise me . 
  as for your second claim ... what makes you say these things ? 
  i 'm honestly trying to understand it and uhh ... yeah it just sounds like something farage or lepen would probably say ... 
  i merely think that mediatising them is not the correct way to go , i think that informing people of their past should be kept in a smaller dosage . 
  for example : if a former child molestor moves into my neighbourhood , i think the closest neighbours should be informed , but by no means should we just blare it out on national newspapers , i do n't see a lot of profit in that , that 's all . 
  again , i do n't believe in full secrecy , i merely believe that in that case obviously we should be informed of , for example , if a known child molestor is moving into the neighbourhood . 
  i do disagree with mediatising them , as i see little good in the outcome on blaring out their identities to the whole world . 
  i did n't know that the severity on bulgaria was actually at that point , i 'd guess that maybe russian * media * would have found a stronger position on eastern europe , but not to that extent . 
  i 'm personally very cool with russians who do n't disturb social behaviour , you can believe whatever you want to believe and not bother me with it , as long as you respect where you are ( which the guy i met does , until it comes to politics , but we mutually agreed to merely not talk about that ) . 
  i agree , but for me we can convict them of the crimes they very very clearly are guilty of , because shaming might not even work in today 's society in my personal view . 
  i feel like there will be assholes , horrid cunts , who will actually glorify these assholes , or that the majority of the people will not even actively shame/recognise them at all ... 
  i merely believe we can do far better than going that road, 
  i know , but if we allow this case to fully post personal details , well there 's nothing stopping us from doing the same for the rest of the cases . 
  i personally just do not see the need to fully put them all out in the media . 
  i think you misunderstood , i think that the clickbait implying he 'd walk free would be even more inflamatory . 
  i hate the asshole as much as the next guy , but i also dislike the clickbait title . 
  we very much can . 
  amen , print it , preach it , and dish it out like it 's hot buns . 
  i was truly taken way back when russia and ukraine ( which i tended to see as essentially bffs ) started having some major beef with each other over territorial disputes and a horrid armed conflict ( one that nearly killed me too ) . 
  i entirely forgot about georgia too ( sorry georgians ) and i can only wish all sides would all stop for one goddamn minute and try to work something out ... 
  but that is , after all , more wishful thinking . 
  i feel like russia likes to keep pushing buttons when it comes to nato and the eu because they know that if , for example , they decide that lithuania should totes come back to them ... well they are fucked beyond belief . 
  i wonder about one thing : the other day i met a really nice russian guy , he was very nice and smart and whatnot , but the thing is , he lived in amsterdam for years , and the `` whataboutism '' and the `` lol western media propaganda '' ideas were very much there . 
  this for me makes me question if socially we are n't leading the russian diaspora into believing these by often talking shit about them ? 
  * harder * you say ? 
  that 's the thing , it can entice hate , i can very easily picture a stereotypical idiotic moron blaring out : `` these goddamn ayrabs coming into my country and raping muh childrens , nobody is doing anything about it !!!, 
  we got ta vote ukip/fn/afd to save ourselves !!! '', 
  that sounds like the sort of attitude i wish more countries would take , actually . 
  for me , the sanctions are clearly not working , so it 's better to simmer down , take it back a notch and try to establish better communications . 
  it 's obvious russia is going full retard still but with time i believe that putin will effectively get out of the picture , and thus we can all go back to sanity and try to have good relationships with them , instead of `` sanctions fakku yuo '' and `` yuo ghey europoors no gazs for you '' political circus ... did russia ever attempt to snatch any other neighbours ' territory ? 
  ( aside from japan where there 's still a debate ) or just really ukraine ? 
  i legit always look at crimea to see where it 's at . 
  i absolutely do not have a reason to do this , but i just enjoy that tiny little bit of information of `` well on this map crimea is actually in here '', 
  stop , this is all hitting me far too hard ... [ for the gays out there , we have free trade agreements ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) is the eu just a massive amazing gay tiny innuendo when it comes to naming ? 
  for me i think we mean different things , i think that yes , there should be an access to these names , but it should be limited to the neighborhood ( if truly there is a need for it ) and also anyone conducting research . 
  i am , however , against the huge mediatisation , spamming their names everywhere and anywhere it 'll sell . 
  in that case , i think that the surrounding neighbourhood should be made aware of their actions , but i still do not think that this type of information must be mediatised . 
  they have proven themselves to be criminals , and thus their neighborhood must be made aware , but blabbing it all out for the whole country ( or even the world ) to hear does n't strike me as particularly helpful . 
  i 've heard very good thinks about tallinn and vilnius . 
  my friends who visited say it is beautiful to visit , it 's very cheap to enjoy a few days in ( and worth your while as well ) and it 's also quite unique too , so i think it 's a pretty good idea to look at those two . 
  again , that is why i think that the court should fully punish them , and the fact that this was not the case for me is utter bullshit on a golden platter with a side of caviar . 
  i do n't see how the fact that there is video evidence of the crime and that they all confessed should mean that their identities should be made public . 
  this is a matter for the judiciary courts , not for public opinion , and it just so happens that they failed . 
  is this worrying for german politics ? 
  i 'm not sure about the context on these statistics , like , is this uncommon or the usual ? 
  and we still got a reply ` ayyy keep going , i wan na see how far this goes . 
  ... and thus still lingering around . 
  reply to this too please . 
  you have n't left until you stop posting , and i 'm bored and feel like messing with an asshole like you so hey , stick around and keep replying . 
  you do n't have to name them at all , why do we have to name them ? 
  the trial is over , but this does not mean we should start doing that , because in my opinion it can start with one trial , and then another and another and another ... the media is vicious . 
  i think that trials can be discussed , but privacy should also be respected . 
  well , we 're all users here , so are you , so you come here it 's just as yours as ours , but guess who actually stays and keeps it ? 
  in either case , you 're still here , how are you holding up ? 
  still going to leave ? 
  i 'm pretty sure britain will leave before you do at this rate . 
  pretty sure nearly everybody dislikes russia in this subreddit when it comes to politics , and i 'm no exception . 
  but maybe , even though there 's beef going on between the `` west '' ( whatever the hell that 's supposed to mean ) and russia , would n't it be better to actively try to at least establish a slightly calmer relationship with them ? 
  i 'm in no way defending mr chemtrail pilot over here , but just a thought . 
  honestly i 'm against publishing names of defendants when it comes to trials . 
  i 've heard many cases when there were trials that were conclusively an innocent veredict or the `` victim '' admitted to lying , but because the defendant 's name was all over the papers , then they still had to carry the blame as if they did it regardless . 
  this is a more personal matter , and in this case these kids should have faced a proper guilty veredict and penalised accordingly . 
  that 's true , but i 'm worried about how exactly the uk can stick together through an exit out of the common market . 
  there are alternatives like an fta , but i 'm worried about northern ireland because a hard border with the republic of ireland honestly seems like the worst idea i 've heard all year , and gibraltar that , at least in my opinion , faces a true existential crisis due to the brexit . 
  i feel like england , scotland , and wales are the ones who really can get out of the eu without getting into too much trouble , but the other two i 'm truly worried about . 
  coming from the dude who refuses to leave our subreddit because he 's faced with different ideas under the unjustified pretext of `` durr more usrz is less qualityii !! '', 
  all because you did n't get the answer you wanted . 
  sir , the echo chamber is ready , and you shall find a bottle of water to help with all that salt . 
  if he 's the russia of the west , the heck are you supposed to be ? 
  the american uk ? 
  northern argentina ? 
  ireland is bae , their football fans have fans of their own . 
  wait so . 
  if i get married in gayropean netherlands , and then move to germany ( so , like , next door ) can i adopt a russian baby ? 
  then again , italy is stereotypically a gay place considering all the fashion production they have and , germany has cologne and berlin ( very gay-friendly cities , there 's a bloody gay sauna 60 meters from the brandenburger tor ) and greece used to shag dudes historically , plus they also have mykonos , the central of the gay fmsh ( federated mediterranean states of holidays ) . 
  they gay as fuck . 
  so gay . 
  i 'm gay , i 'm euro , i 'm stingy , and if you put me in a burger king , i 'm a bit pig-like ... 
  accurate . 
  i 'm genuinely impressed at that sentence . 
  +1 to you goddamn . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i 'll definitely give this a read once i 'm done with exams this week . 
  odd-ish question : how similar are lithuanian and polish as languages ? 
  i was thinking poles as both sexy polish people but also pillairs , not magnetic poles .
