  i do n't really watch football , but it 's nice to celebrate a bit . 
  call iceland first < 3, 
  that is minimally 100 000 $ per year , which in turn it means he earns 8 333.32 $ per month , or 7 862.00 $ ( before or after taxes , no idea ) . 
  that is a * very * high salary so i 'd imagine he performs a very high-ranking job that is clearly on demand in the us . 
  however how convertible are his competences for the european context ? 
  keep in mind that american education has different standards than europe and thus it makes converting diplomas and whatnot a huge mess between the two ; furthermore i have no idea what he does nor if there is any demand for it in europe or if someone whom primarily has experience under american regulations and customs would be less attractive than someone more used to europe . 
  there are too many generalizations at work here for me to know what 's good and what 's bad for him , all i can wish for him is the best for his future whether he stays or comes back to the netherlands . 
  it 's not really * just * brexit for me , the uk and portugal merely do not hold the same intimate relationship we used to , and that 's okay , neither country is the same we were back then . 
  we 're still allies and very much closer , but not * as * close as back then , i think france became closer to portugal in recent years , to me at least , and so did germany , whereas the uk went slightly more away . 
  look at the shitfest that was 2007 for an example . 
  do n't forget my favourite ** reste calme et lis le programme **, 
   i do n't feel like giving too much specific information away so we ca n't give you specific information either , and being general and vague to this point is n't helping . 
   i make in the lower range of six figures per year ... ? 
  per month ? 
  again , what i believe counts is your actual qualifications , i mean , are they valid in the netherlands ? 
  are they under demand ? 
  you left at 18 so it 's safe to assume that whatever you did in higher education has been done in the us . 
   finding a job back home is n't much of a concern if that 's so then get a job offer of two before you move . 
  ooooh , yeah that makes more sense . 
  why not divide postnord into postnord dk and postnord sv , and have each national government responsible for their branch ? 
  same efficiency in having a union of the post market between denmark and sweden , while also making sure that different levels of competence and market success are a national responsibility . 
  exactly . 
  if i 'm the dude getting to handle mcdonald 's investments and asset trading , then yeah probably i 'm hot shit , but if i 'm the one flipping burgers ( and flipping off annoying clients behind their back ) then i might need to reconsider my standing . 
  i 'm not too into it , it sounds just like a slow and exaggerated pronunciation of everything . 
  i do find the russian accent in portuguese to be specially delightful and cute though . 
  fuck brazil with their weird spanish-ized version of portuguese , plus 99 % of the ones i 've met ca n't spell properly , so very poorly of them . 
  language only annoys me since everyone learning portuguese or stuff online tends to be in their dialect . 
  i do n't feel * that * close to brazil because of pretty hefty cultural differences . 
  angolans , mozambicans and cape verdians can either speak with a very distinct accent of their countries , or absolutely perfect portuguese ( with a few little differences , like not having the same word for `` breakfast '' ) . 
  i still do n't feel close at all to them , culturally we diverge too much , maybe even more than with brazil . 
  and then there 's macau where * some * people still speak portuguese ... 
  i see far more portuguese culture here and there but i still do n't feel close to it at all , it 's definitely a foreign chinese city even with a lot of luso-influence everywhere you go . 
  so i do n't really feel close to any of them , i grew up in a time where portugal does n't have colonies anymore , where i do n't see these countries as close at all . 
  for me our closest countries are spain and france ( and occasionally the uk , but they 've been quite a bitch for sometime ) . 
  so basically , no real relation besides language , i do n't feel close to them ; the same applies for all places outside of europe that speak dutch , and all places outside of europe that speak french ( maybe with the exception of quebec but it 's the same relationship i have with all of canada to be honest ) . 
   as far as the pros and cons go , the pros here are very superficial . 
  i like the convenience of things here . 
  lots of options for food and entertainment . 
  there 's always cool and unique things to do in nyc . 
  i can order things from amazon and have it in two days . 
  it 's easy to travel to new exciting places here and cool history to see . 
  so you 're willing to absolutely give up on your entire life that you 've built for the last 15 years just because of these very superficial things ? 
   back home are my parents and my brother . 
  this seems like a far more compelling reason , but how well can you all get along in the same country , same timezone , etc. . . 
  i live my family but god knows i ca n't live with them for too long . 
   i should n't have to much of a problem trying to find a job . 
  i think working for a big international company at their american headquarters should look great on a resume . 
  i worked at vodafone , yet nobody really cares * where you work * because it 's all about * what you can do * and considering you left the netherlands at 18 , i 'm guessing you either only have a high school degree from here , and the rest of your studies in the us , so ... 
  i still have no clue * what * you can do here or even if your qualifications are in want here or if your credentials are valid . 
  hell , i do n't even know if you kept your dutch citizenship and are still an eu citizen or if you 're gon na ask for it back or anything . 
   i 've also do not have many friends here . 
  just a handful . 
  how would this be different here ? 
  you make friends wherever you are , and trust me when i say that changing countries will not really change the amount of friends you have once you are settled in . 
  if you want more friends you got ta go out and socialize , forge connections , it does n't happen by switching countries . 
   i 'm just kind of looking to see if there are people who have done similar things . 
  move countries ? 
  i mean , i 've lived in portugal and france and now i 'm in the netherlands , so i 've moved here and there , so has my mom , a * lot * . 
   i 've got a good job here with a fortune 500 company . 
  this can mean that you are a janitor or that you are a mastermind of a trade , it does n't matter * what company * you work for it matters * what you can do * . 
   i live and work about an hour from nyc . 
  and i lived 30 mins from both disneyland and paris , again , not really saying much . 
   33 years old , so relatively young . 
  not sure how this equates to anything . 
  i 'm sorry , but i just do not know what to tell you . 
  there are no pros nor cons here either . 
  you need to make plans , a list of expenses , take a look at real estate in the netherlands for the bits you 'd like to live in , also get acquainted what changed in the last 15 years ... 
  the world is a different place than it was in 2002 , we do n't even have the same currency anymore ... plus , remember that you left the netherlands when you were only 18 , so i guess that you do not have dutch education ( hbo , bachelor 's , etc. . . ) and i still have no idea what you do or even if your education qualifications would be accepted . 
  oh do n't worry , you will find * far far far * worse in reddit , hell , even in this subreddit i think i saw some stuff that was ehm ... questionable at best . 
  one dude in r/amsterdam asked us where there were some low/mid range priced `` all you can fuck '' bars ... 
  i guarantee you those are * not * a thing and would be * very very very * illegal . 
  hold up let me get this straight . 
  1-denmark and sweden unified their postal services under postnord . 
  2-then , the danish branch was 1.9 bn sek in losses , but the rest of postnord ( i assume the swedish branch ) was generating a profit , so in total the loss was 1bn sek . 
  3-postnord asks sweden and denmark to pay up more money due to 1bn loss because their governments co-own postnord . 
  this is where i have a question , why were they asking for more funds ? 
  4-sweden pays 1.8 bn sek to cover danish losses ( though they were 1.9 bn and the * overall * losses were 1bn ) while postnord gets a shite reputation for poor service . 
  why is sweden paying this ? 
  and how much did denmark pay ? 
  i 'm a bit confused because i 'm not understanding why sweden seems to be paying such a big amount nor what exactly these funds are for . 
  ... i think i do n't really get your question . 
  i do n't know anything about you nor your family nor your skills nor your future prospects . 
  what 's the pros of coming back and the pros of staying put ? 
  and the cons ? 
  you 're gon na have to hold off your plans a bit for ireland ... 
  do n't , we have too many already . 
   well i would figure a unified or at least semi unified postal service would be a must for entitys with freedom of movement freedom of movement is for * peoples , services , capital and goods * not for mail , mail already flows wherever it wants ... also , freedom of movement it 's not really an entity or part of one , at all . 
   because it sounds like if you wanted to send a parcel/package to a freind in another eu country it would be easier to just take it to them yourself rather than mail it as an example . 
  mail for the eu is very straight forward and easy , just box it up , write the address , put on some of your stamps ( or get some at your post office or even * on your smartphone * ) and off it goes in its merry way . 
  how exactly do you think that me going all the way to , say , berlin , just to give in a parcel , is more efficient than just sending it by the post ? 
   i would 've figured it would work more like how mainland usa accepts all stamps from say puerto rico . 
  or you know state to state . 
  you would also have figured that all the us states are part of the same exact country and puerto rico is an unincorporated us territory ; whereas the eu is 28 sovereign countries ( 27 maybe in a few years or so . 
  yup , plus in the netherlands with the postnl app you can buy your stamps on your phone , and you just write the code for them on the letter as they tell you to , and then just put it in those orange boxes they use to collect outgoing mail . 
  pretty nifty and convenient . 
   it was a shit deal for sweden it turns out . . 
  i genuinely know nothing about this ( though i think there was a satw comic on it ? 
  ) , why did the deal suck for sweden ? 
  eu resident , who happens to live outside his country of citizenship . 
  ** for the love of all that is green , red , blue , white , and a particular shade of yellow , do not make us leave **,
