  the fact that trump 's presidency has been announced * despite * hilary winning the popular vote is enough for me to see that americans are not really that outraged at the popular will being ignored . 
  they are , and i think that it 's a good way to go around the whole citizenship question . 
  the main point was that statelessness is still existant in the world and it 's not just because you 're born/lived nearly all your life somewhere that you are a citizen . 
  statelessness is often * much * more dangerous but it comes in very different circumstances and nuances for each case . 
  latvia 's example on the other hand grants rights and protects these people , even if it technically does not have to . 
  for me it is a way to deal with stateless people without having to resort to citizenship grants . 
  i 'm just not sure just how exactly these people can travel outside of schengen and russia ( though let 's face it , that 's already a pretty damn big zone ) . 
  well , i believe that if you * refuse * to state where you are from then we hit a full-stop halt : how do we deport someone we have absolutely no idea where they are from ? 
  plus , i 'm not familiar with the actual asylum application procedures but i 'm pretty sure you 'd be asked to prove your citizenship to the country and even if you are a syrian claiming to be a syrian , if you can not prove it then you 'd technically have to fall under the category of being stateless . 
  this is a slight problem that * is * being exploited though , where citizens from safe countries see this as an opportunity to lie about their background and instead claim they are syrian citizens in need whereas in reality they are not ; these people would be just as stateless in paper as the actual people whom have no proper evidence of their citizenship . 
  the fact that you got downvoted a bit harshly leads me to suspect that most people did n't get the joke , haha . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  and what is , for example , the case for people who were never granted a passport to begin with ? 
  what truly matters is what you say your identity is , and * that 's * where things start to get technical and complicated . 
  taking an odd example : north koreans do not have papers identifying them as they run away into china and later from china ( the chinese government sends them back where they will face torture ) , but nobody doubts they are north koreans . 
  a person coming from , let 's say , iran and having no papers * deriberately * and lying about actually being from syria , well , it 's a bit harder to check ... 
  i think that some people * do * throw away their papers , but there is also a lot of people that could not salvage nor be granted these papers ( as their governments might be unresponsive or they may live under isis or other rulers which entirely wants to stop them from fleeing by any means necessary ), 
  * the horror *, 
  ... or you 're merely denied citizenship in your country . 
  it 's not really unheard of and unfortunately it 's still an active problem today . 
  the rohingya people in burma for example are entirely denied any citizenship status from the government and are constantly persecuted . 
  furthermore , palestinians are * technically * stateless in germany since , although they hold palestinian citizenship , this is not at all recognised upon arrival and thus they are stateless . 
  there 's also stateless people in europe , latvia being a prime example of it with [ its non-citizens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-citizens_ ( latvia ) ), 
  yeah , we talked briefly about him during a seminar on eastern europe 's need for perceived success , and it truly is a horrid case . 
  very much this . 
  i think that there 's a lot of controversial discussion regarding his conviction . 
  at least from my perspective i see a lot of discussion if it really was fair or not and even other issues regarding it . 
  still i do n't really know a lot of people voting for him , so i think that this controversial trial is also being discussed by people who disagree with him . 
  well , i do n't really hear a lot against the electoral college system that granted trump his presidency despite hilary 's vote majority, 
  i 'm sorry i 'm still a bit confused . 
  if the result is that they decide not to freeze turkish talks , austria can block the resolution to continue talks ? 
  i had no idea member states had that kind of power but if it is so then i have to admit , austria is right on this case . 
  go for it !, 
  and bring us gifts from the uk as well . 
  always remember though : take into consideration the ranking and reputation of your schools !, 
  it * does * matter in the long run . 
  hope you have a great time in the netherlands !, 
  it still is extremely deplorable that they willingly do it for the olympics , actively undermining what they were supposed to be about . 
  i 'm still unsure how an anti-doping protocol would be managed for the olympics to be honest , that 's always the issue is n't it ? 
  [ the flag will do !, 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/139/764/627.jpg_large ), 
  did they know the effects these would have on their bodies ? 
  also , i think this lifts an even bigger problem : athletes * want and accept * doping for the olympics ... 
  hmmm ... 
  it 's quite hard to tell , but i found a website that has helped me out choosing between the hague and amsterdam : https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=netherlands&amp;country2=netherlands&amp;city1=utrecht&amp;city2=groningen as you can see , everything is cheaper in groningen . 
  however my dutch friends tell me that the actual cities themselves are also quite different ; groningen is a bit depressing and fabricated whereas utrecht is really like a tiny less tourist-filled amsterdam ... 
  so it also depends on your conditions and expectations . 
  if you want to travel around the netherlands from groningen it 's going to be complicated , but utrecht is literally the ns heart of the netherlands , so everywhere is very much within reach . 
  i wonder about just how much of a choice they were granted to be honest ; plus i mainly worry about them being brainwashed into thinking that putting their health at risk is worth a medal . 
  for me there is a lot of misinformation regarding doping that claim it 's far more safe than it actually is , and if truly these athletes are being lied to in order to agree with these procedures i 'd be alarmed . 
  i 'd be even more alarmed if they knew the risks , they knew the immoral consequences , and yet for them it 's still worth it . 
  i often also feel worried for the doped russian athletes as i keep thinking back to east german days of undercover doping and horrid health complications that have been done to those people ; for example , what happened to andreas ( heidi ) krieger . 
  i agree with you that it is a horrid practice , and it should be entirely banned from the olympics ; not just russians , but every single country . 
  it 's often hazardous health-wise and it is essentially cheating , and undermining the true spirit of these games . 
  well , that 's definitely true , utrecht is more expensive than groningen ; however , in my opinion at least , the price is worth it . 
  keep in mind that some students ( even high school ones ) in utrecht do n't actually live in the city and instead take transports to and from the city towards more affordable places ( very standard practice here in amsterdam , we 've got students from haarlem , zandaam and even drenthe over here ), 
  utrecht more expensive than amsterdam ? 
  that 's entirely news to me to be honest ; two of my classmates actually live in utrecht because amsterdam is so expensive and horridly competitive to actually get . 
  not saying it 's not true , but it sure is * very * surprising to say the least . 
  sorry , i misread , i thought it was 8 years for everybody . 
  5 years seems like the usual amount of time . 
  hello ? 
  fashion police ? 
  yeah i 'd like to report a [ crime ... ] ( http://i.amz.mshcdn.com/76dhdu3pffo94x6sacleeerzc-s=/1200x630/2016%2f06%2f24%2f52%2ftrumpjohnsongeert.c90db.jpg ), 
  yeah that helps , i decided to do some research about how the government actually works here , and i 'm actually a bit jealous of the dutch system with the eerste kamer and the tweede kamer and whatnot ( it keeps everything balanced ) . 
  i 'm from a christian-majority country in the eu , so i 'm much more worried about anything like a nexit ; but i do n't think that 's very likely to ever come over to the netherlands ( hopefully ) . 
  thanks for your time , it helped quite a lot , 
  i beg of you to * please * do news commentary , i 'd genuinely watch it . 
  also , +1 for being swallowed up by the evilz cuz that 's how we roll, 
  daaaamn , i 'd expect it to be far easier !, 
  oh well , i hope you are granted your citizenship and can remain in here . 
  as someone who has been here for a while , i 'd advise you utrecht . 
  groningen is apparently where * all * the international students go and it 's genuinely a depressing isolated city , whereas utrecht is basically the smaller ( and in my opinion better ) amsterdam . 
  i ca n't help you for university choices though , i 'm studying european studies ( which is humanities ) so yeah , i do n't know how good those are . 
  hope you enjoy it !, 
  make sure to try out febo , i seriously can not overstate how mindblown i was when i discovered you could get fastfood from a wall, 
  what are the citizenship requirements in romania ? 
  wait he did ? 
  what did he do in good ol' hrvatska ? 
  as a foreigner who lives in the netherlands , can a fellow dutchie reassure me that this wonky-eyed trump-haired muppet is n't going to get me in trouble ? 
  seriously after this video he even ** speaks ** like trump . 
  well yeah , but they spilled some wine on it and there 's a drunk politician sleeping on it on the other side so ... 
  i was the one who bought it and i 'm very new to this whole drinking thing , besides , my friend did n't seem to mind , vodka is vodka . 
  i know , i 'm merely explaining how genuinely there * is * a rift and these sorts of comments tend to be more inflamatory . 
  so if you make them often in r/europe i can see a pretty negative reaction incoming . 
  see , * that 's * what creates tensions between the us and europe . 
  firstly , china and india were never at the same status quo as the us and the eu were . 
  i ( and most people here ) consider canadians to be closer to our usual way of going around doing things ( even very small things like using the metric system ) and they also tend to generally just * get * us , which is particularly true for france and the uk . 
  americans do n't have the same image at all since you 're not canada , you 're not a country that has * constantly * stood by us and who shares a lot of common views on politics . 
  you 're the us , and you * used * to stand by our side ( at least half of us ) . 
  the americans that * are * here and are n't tourists ( those generally tend to bring out the worst in any group ever ) are actually a lot like canadians , they are polite and sociable and although they sometimes have to ask a thing or two that we sorta think it 's obvious , they generally are just like europeans and if they speak our language ( s ) well enough you ca n't even tell them appart . 
  however , online i feel like this image of americans is lost , and instead we find * your * type of comments that i feel that would piss off a lot of europeans , such as saying `` we will probably be enemies again someday . 
  maybe soon '' which sounds like a threat and it 's historically a chaos since europe is n't * one * country and the us has n't really been enemies/allies with * everyone * , plus comparing the sociopolitical bonds between the eu and the us with the ones with the eu and china/india just sorta reveal once more that age-old stereotype of the american who merely does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  i do n't mean to be that aggressive with what i 'm saying , but i 'm just trying my best to explain the general european consensus ; and i * do * realise it might seem that way , but i do n't really think that a ) i should really mince my words or b ) you really will take this to heart . 
  no , not really . 
  i think that `` european '' is never going to be a nation to begin with , so we are all vastly different * within * europe and some happen to be much more similar to the us ( like the uk ) and others a lot less ( like denmark ) . 
  this newly founded split is mainly due to the fact that there has n't had anything to really revive that `` west side '' thing we had going in the cold war since russia calmed down ( well , for a minute ) and afterwards we have heard * failures * involving the us ( and ourselves as well ) rather than success ( the bosnian war is a good example ) . 
  this , combined with us decisions that strike us as * very * over the top and unnecessary ( like invading afghanistan ) made us grow appart as it was seen like the us was just doing whatever it liked . 
  and now by putting into question nato ( something a lot of eu member states have valued throughout the ages , and now more than ever there is a genuine need for its existence ) the general european feel is basically `` not only is the us just not giving a shit anymore , but they actually are abandoning us '' . 
  and thus the rift starts growing further and further appart .
