yes , most people are well aware of this . 
  but the point is , when they say `` ocean '' they are just referring to a large body of water that is n't a lake . 
  colloquial expressions need not always be technically correct . 
  and you have to take people 's experiences into account -- since most people in the americas are going to encounter only oceans but not seas , there is no real world need to distinguish between seas and oceans . 
  and , honestly , it 's not that incorrect . 
  even the mediterranean is a large body of saltwater with connections to the ocean . 
  while in europe i 've had people correct me several times when i referred to the sea as the ocean . 
  while i acknowledge that this distinction is indeed correct , i just want to point out that colloquially , at least in american english , a lot of speakers are not going to distinguish between ocean and sea , and for some reason saying ocean comes more naturally to me than saying sea in a lot of contexts . 
  back when the catalan independence movement was strong , there was a lot of debate about whether an independent catalunya would be welcome as an eu member and i think the consensus leaned toward saying that it would not . 
  i 'm just pointing this out because it kind of helps to explain which there existed some question over an independent scotland becoming a full eu member . 
  this picture is a classic . 
  literally every intern in den haag takes a picture like this at het plein lol, 
  the lexical similarity is not the point . 
  the point is you ca n't force another language on a society that does n't want it and justify it by claiming the languages are close enough anyway . 
  that 's draconian . 
  english and french have much in common for historical reasons , but the languages are not related . 
  just because two languages have significantly influenced each other does not make them dialects . 
  and you ca n't choose a handful of sentences that appear similar in writing and use that as proof that catalan is a dialect of spanish . 
  romance languages especially often look quite similar in writing . 
  however the spoken languages will show that the differences are much more significant . 
  at any rate , you still have n't providing any convincing proof to overturn the long-established and accepted that spanish and catalan are not dialects of each other . 
  yes , they are related , but not dialects . 
  no , they actually are n't . 
  they are not dialects at all . 
  actually , spanish and portuguese are more closely related than spanish and catalan . 
  spanish and catalan are n't even classified under the same branch of romance languages . 
  any notions that exist of catalan being a dialect of spanish are entirely the product of incorrect social constructs . 
  these protests are all of pretty modest size , but this sub keeps shoving them down our throats because most people on here have an ideological hard on for the european project . 
  i support the eu so long as it effectively keeps all of its members taken care of . 
  there 's no point to supporting something that in practice does n't bring real world benefits . 
  of course germans are going to love this `` pro-european '' ideal because their economy has been on fire for years . 
  the eu has tangibly benefited them significantly . 
  but i doubt so many people left destitute in greece will be able to get so excited about this cause -- what good is a united europe when your country has been abandoned and your society turned upside down ? 
  ummm , the languages are not nearly identical . 
  what you 're saying is like telling all italians to learn french because the languages are `` nearly identical . '', 
  really weird , right ? 
  i found dutch cities to be the most livable anywhere . 
  there are so many cute little houses in brugge . 
  i wish i could live in one of them -- i have , in an act of pure wishful thinking , already picked out a handful that i 'd like . 
  the only con to brugge , in my opinion , is that many of the streets feel very dead , but at the same time this does give it a very quaint appeal . 
  lol i chose it because i thought it 'd be cool to highlight that southern italy has a centuries-old albanian minority that not many people know about . 
  you 're totally right . 
  i just went with bolzano because it 's by far the largest town . 
  the only thing that gives it away as french are those pastel-colored window shutters . 
  they seem to love those things in the south of france . 
  personally i think it 's no different than an `` authentic '' medieval castle . 
  i mean , even though this is new , it still looks ancient . 
  i 'm surprised by how not new it looks . 
  avila is actually pretty well known . 
  i mean , it 's nowhere near big ben 's level of notoriety , but it 's not like it 's unheard of or anything . 
  but you are right , countries like spain , france , italy have so many beautiful and unique towns and villages it 's overwhelming to even attempt to become familiar with them all . 
  it could be worse ( lol ) but i guess this will do . 
  the weather is n't depressing enough in the picture to get a real for the place :p, 
  right ? 
  i got the full experience when i went !, 
  hahaha, 
  you can ride your bike through it or walk around inside the courtyard with friends literally any time of day or night . 
  it 's the center of the country 's government and anyone can just ride on through whenever they want . 
  the netherlands is such a chill country . 
  this article does n't even hint at being climate change skeptic . 
  all it 's saying is that the gulf stream does not really explain the mild climate in western europe . 
  i 've heard this theory before from other sources . 
  the gulf stream theory really does n't make sense -- by that logic the east coast of north america should also have a mild climate like europe , but it does n't . 
  actually , the western sides of all continents are more mild than the eastern sides due to the direction of wind patterns and ocean currents . 
  i have no idea why your unfounded paranoia is getting upvoted so much and everyone else downvoted ... 
  you 're probably glad things are done the way they 're done in the netherlands precisely because you are from there . 
  if you grew up in a society where religion has a greater presence , then you would probably be thankful you lived in such an environment . 
  this may be shocking to some people , but different societies have different ways of doing things , and that does n't necessarily make one way superior to the other . 
  many posts in this subreddit indeed lead to some enjoyable comments sections . 
  however , ones like this one leave me a little pissed off . 
  the top comments are like something you 'd hear victorian race scientists saying , talking about what led the russian breed to be this way or that way . 
  like , what the actual fuck . 
  you go for walks with a windowpane in front of your face ? 
  lol, 
  these comments are kind of toxic ... 
  according to the article it seems that the labels say `` vegan '' or `` vegetarian '' . 
  i just do n't understand what the problem is with the current system of labeling . 
  i think this is another case of the german government using the ol' confused consumer argument in order to get around eu food regulations , like back when germany used to ban foreign beers using the same argument . 
  is gourmetten consumption usually limited to christmas ? 
  so you guys have that whole fancy set just to use once a year ? 
  i mean , it 's really cool , but i do n't know where i 'd even have room for it in my house . 
  with so many young not working and having to emigrate in order to have some kind of a career , the low birthrate is definitely only another side effect of this even bigger problem . 
  you see articles saying spain needs to address its low birthrate , but the first thing that needs to happen is for the country to restore to its youth some hope for the future . 
  in the us , many employers take advantage of loopholes to avoid providing benefits to their employees . 
  on top of that , it is not legally required to provide things like paid sick leave , vacation time or maternity leave . 
  so while unemployment numbers are low , lots of people are employed under completely shit conditions . 
  you 're right -- a lot of countries , including in europe , are experiencing high growth and low unemployment right now . 
  countries like the netherlands have comparable or even lower unemployment than the us , except they go a step further and actually provide their workers with rights and benefits . 
  thanks obama !, 
  oops , i mean , thanks juncker !, 
  please do n't make me go back :(, 
  the trend only seems radical in a few countries . 
  overall it looks like an overall downward trend in many countries . 
  i just hope the `` american dream '' is n't gradually spreading to europe -- i came here to escape that crap . 
  just to add some added perspective , in chinese the official name is \u8377\u862d ( which in pinyin is `` he lan '' ) . 
  woohoo , we 're being the difficult ones for once . 
  i do n't know if you can call it a myth if it 's a problem that almost every expat can relate to first hand . 
  a lot of dutch people complain that newcomers do n't try to learn the language , but honestly how is the average person supposed to learn dutch if as soon as you stutter just once they switch to english ? 
  i am really glad to hear that you managed to learn it , but i know for a fact that a lot of people have a much more difficult time with it . 
  it takes a lot of insisting and tenacity to be able to learn it .
