  no way we had over one million soldiers , even if mobilization would finish before war . 
  also ussr is seriously undercounted . 
  we had anti-soviet pact with romania . 
  the agreement was that uk and france will launch major offensive two weeks after mobilization . 
  but yeah , it was too late anyway and would not change anything . 
  to be fair - our strategy in this war was awful , and that 's why we lost so quickly . 
  most poles understand that allies could do not much more in 39 ' . 
  before that - preventional war in 36-7 , not selling czechs , or at least lending us money earlier . 
  but that cause minor criticism compared to teheran and yalta conference . 
  selling us to the soviets is considered fucking treason . 
  missed / s, 
  you will have f35 soon . 
  i 'd there any real russian-sceptic party in germany ? 
  as i mentioned below , spd seems far worse . 
  i believe in our intelligence too , but i fear western europe politicians will be quick to ignore it , just like stalin knew about german aggression and did nothing , because he simply believed in hitler too much . 
  you did not elect her , but only alternative regarding russian politics seems even worse . 
  remember schr\u00f6der ? 
  first point - yeah , but i think russia has multiple more fighters than libya , including kinda good and modern ones , like su-35 . 
  active force could be not enough . 
  second point - yeah , i hope so . 
  right now i can imagine merkel saying baltic countries independence is not in danger , and spending more money on the military would be bad for german economy . 
  plus we saw how russia can swiftly switch from maneuvers to aggression . 
  attack could be not that obvious . 
  i still remember people laughing when some journalists predicted russian annexation of crimea . 
  i read few days ago that only few german eurofighters are ready to combat . 
  this large force at least in the first few days could be much less than expected . 
  yeah , i know the we 're reasons for that all . 
  but you need a strong military to do all that . 
  and power projection with nimitz-class carriers seems to be best , but costly way . 
  historical reasons - back then us needed that to defend themselves , and the fact that us makes 25 % of world 's gdp . 
  you can afford that . 
  plus you like to randomly overthrow some dictators . 
  and yet when you thought you 're safe pearl harbor happened . 
  nobody is safe without military . 
  yeah , you 're trying to say that if you had no allies , you would n't have to spend money on military programs . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the criterion is actually percent of refused visas . 
  and who decides who gets visa ? 
  not us government perhaps ? 
  that 's why we are building massive lng terminal in \u015awinouj\u015bcie . 
  if we could replace russian resources , even slightly more expensive , they would lost all their leverage . 
  not everyone has that . 
  eastern europe is more dependant on russian resources than germany . 
  are n't governors appointed directly by putin ? 
  if so , that statement would n't surprise me . 
  german identity was born on lands 1 ) given to teutonic order by polish duke 2 ) ruled by slavic dynasty up to 1637 ? 
  kaliningrad russians are much less brainwashed . 
  most people there have never been to moscow , but they visit gda\u0144sk fairly often . 
  i guess autonomy/independence would have big support in real referendum ( obviously not made by russian government ) . 
  richtugal :d, 
  i would n't say they are conservative , probably more centrist . 
  they are avoiding the discussion about that as much as possible , which i think is reasonable strategy now . 
  if anything had to change in `` social justice '' field now , probably it would be only for worse . 
  not true , at least now . 
  before eu parliament elections pis had lead in most polls , sometimes as big as 8 % . 
   people have been against fracking long before russia even became a problem you mean ~ xvi century ? 
  only support communist needed was from their own people in tanks . 
  well , at least before 80 's . 
  gas and petrol , yeah , but we are self-sufficient on coal . 
  we export roughly the same amount we import . 
  you borrowed that money earlier . 
  please come to poland ... 
  but seriously , not even nato/american land troops in poland and baltic states show that we are still treated like second category member . 
  article about russian orthodox church said 75 % of russians consider themself orthodox . 
  well , data you have shown are probably more accurate . 
  well , all the revolutions show that he was very unpopular at the time , but does russians today still hate him as much ? 
  i 've read in that article that orthodox church even canonised him , and most russians today are orthodox , according to wikipedia . 
  are there any hated people from before first world war ? 
  in poland , its legal too . 
  not really . 
  we are not talking about west pomerania ( szczecin region ) or west silesia ( wroc\u0142aw ) , but rather that parts which were polish before ww2 or near borders . 
  but yeah , they were german before ww1 . 
  i 'm fan of local and craft beer , so it would be probably hard to get it in cyprus  my favourite beers are american ipa and porter warmi\u0144ski from kormoran brewery . 
  the latter one even won some medals , so i guess my taste is n't so bad . 
  there are many overlapping ones . 
  also they have different nation 's weeks . 
  i was kinda surprised during holidays in croatia , when i saw polish week adverts . 
  looks like they are trying to sell our shitty beer to us even in other countries . 
  i just did n't care that much about marks , and have never been in a situation where i would need it to pass . 
  except they all have similar background . 
  putin is also postcommunist , he was kgb officer . 
  i think it 's mostly private , not ideological ties that they trust russia more . 
  no one can win atomic war . 
  yeah , we tried getting gas from norway , but postcommunists cancelled the deal . 
  now we 're building lng terminal , but it 's delayed . 
  gas probably wo n't be cheaper tho , but it 's leverage against russia . 
  well , we would love greater presence of your military in poland . 
  apples are traditionally grown near gr\u00f3jec region . 
  [ look ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@51.8010461,20.9049656,37725m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) the whole area is one big orchard . 
  well until now , it was good business . 
  besides , its not like we focus on only apples - we are one of the leading producers of raspberries , strawberries , currant , rye , and of course potatoes . 
  agriculture is still strong in poland . 
  poland is top 5 apple producer in the world , and over half of our export goes to russia . 
  its not hard to sell apples , its hard to sell so many . 
  ugh ... i have really misread this comment . 
  i guess i was very sleepy then . 
  tell that to ukrainians . 
  what ? 
  please , tell me you are joking . 
  or at least read this links .
