  over 10 ms to my city , with 120 mbps internet . 
  this is not high , but not even close to 1 ms. 
  jesus what a bullshit . 
  every fucking sentence is wrong . 
  because 1 ) level of training of this personel enables only one tactic : human wave assault ; 2 ) this tanks are old shit ; 3 ) this aircraft is old shit ; 4 ) this only matters if you want to destroy the world , not `` win '' the war , you have to deliver those nukes also , and nk is not doing very well with this ; 5 ) this submarines are old shit . 
  the only war nk could win is with sweden , belgium or czech republic - where the numbers are just too much . 
  nah , it 's shitty old ( well , over 2 years ) 5400 rpm laptop fdd . 
  i checked it in hd tune and it seems it does n't really perform well . 
  i do not really have the money for reasonable ssd now . 
  i 'd like to get at least decent 256 gb disk . 
  depends what you need . 
  yes , us needs to project power . 
  we , or israel do not . 
   as far right as you can go without being a priest yeah , look at braun . 
  fuck those speeds , the one thing i 'm jealous is ping . 
  i have 120 mbps and do not use it 's full power . 
  i have 100 mbps network card ( and on wifi only 40 mbps ) . 
  my hdd is slower than 100 mbps - i do not have ssd . 
  i would gain nothing from upgrading to higher speeds . 
  well , you are right . 
  though i ment [ literally this ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@45.226993,13.599676,3a,89.8y,29.46h,57.99t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sldrb0gpzts4u2lguctiafg!2e0 ) . 
  in the same fucking place . 
  politechnika is really well connected , by metro and trams . 
  there is no reason to go there by car . 
  i live in warsaw . 
  never seen car parking in the middle of roundabout here . 
  never have seen this in other circumstances . 
  it 's hard to imagine worse place to park for me . 
  in croatia , i have seen person park his car in the middle of a fucking roundabout . 
  pis has socialist ( or keynesist , whatever ) views on economy . 
  shit , zakopane as beautiful ? 
  have n't heard this for a very long time . 
  it 's not like something is wrong with the economy . 
  wages are rising , gdp is increasing . 
  i can buy things cheaper than year ago . 
  less money spend on pensions , more on anything else . 
  poland is facing demographical catastrophe , with hopeless tfr of 1.31 and over a million young people outside our borders . 
  we can not afford 60 years old pensioners . 
  yeah , pis stands for capitalism so much , with duda 's mercantilistic and socialist attitude . 
  we have -1,5 % inflation rate . 
  you might be right . 
  i would like to experiment with electoral system thought - ours has proven to produce bad results . 
  do you remember lepper , giertych and so on ? 
   they are not more fucked up than parties everywhere in the world , stop this nonsense please . 
  i ca n't listen to those dickheads miller , tusk , komorowski , kaczy\u0144ski and so on . 
  some guys in other countries are actually worth listening too . 
   you embody myth of polish whiner for whom biggest win is to say `` but we have the worst x '' . 
  yeah , i would love to see my country in ruins . 
   for last 7 years we had very stable governing coalition that pushed many good laws and stabilized economy . 
  some of them are decent managers - siemoniak , sikorski . 
  they did some good , like raising retirement age . 
  but failed even more . 
  they even could n't close fundusz ko\u015bcielny . 
  they increase administration to humongous levels . 
  they did nothing to mitigate the effects of catastrophical demography . 
  instead , they supported their policies with pensioners ' money . 
  they did not create foundation for future growth . 
  even miller and kaczy\u0144ski improved situation more ( with cit and zus cuts ) . 
  po is synonym with stagnation now . 
   our ex-prime minister became very important political figure in eu . 
  because guys getting good job is somehow a major win for poland . 
  he did not do anything with his position yet . 
  shroeder got good job in gazprom after his term . 
  how is this a win for germany ? 
  yeah , you are right . 
  although , he could win in 1st turn if he did not fuck up his campaing so much . 
  well , they use primary elections . 
  the local party members have a voice about candidates and stances . 
  this parties are not like ours , they are much broader , and do not have omnipotent leaders . 
  if leader of polish party loses support , the party pretty much dissolves ( with exception of sld ) . 
   if we were changing system stv is the best option . 
  i would prefer instant-runoff voting , with single member districts . 
  i believe it combines the best from both systems . 
   you typically ca n't choose into whom/what they invest and also they are allowed to inflate these amounts and operate on fractional reserve . 
  yeah , they create the money . 
  if they did n't , i would probably have to pay for using bank account . 
  i fail to see why should i choose what they invest too - it 's their job to find best investments . 
   the interest is laughable and wo n't cover inflation , so you 're essentially paying for storing your money with them so they can profit from it . 
  my bank offers deposits with interest rates up to 4 % over inflation . 
  i did not vote for him to lead a country . 
  i do not chose him , because he would be best president ( maybe duda would be ? 
  i really do not like other candidates ) , but because his good result might translate into good parliamentary election result - which i believe would be good for poland . 
  besides - actors turned to be good presidents . 
  why would a musician be an example ? 
  i do not see how historians ( komorowski and tusk ) are better . 
  besides - kukiz studied administration and law , albeit he did not finish his studies . 
  because polish parties are fucked up . 
  the bottom-up system might fix them . 
  look at us parties - they are bottom-up . 
  they use primary elections , caucuses and shit . 
  there are no omnipotent party leaders like kaczy\u0144ski or tusk . 
  do you really believe po and pis would look like that in fptp ? 
  i do not support fptp , but some kind of alternative vote would be so much better than current system . 
  they give credits and invest the money . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  they pay me interest if i decide to lend my money to them . 
  to show middle finger to po and pis . 
  i replied to someone else . 
  of course , i do not believe conspiracy theories . 
  but that high support for those conspiracies is direct result of po 's arrogance , and refusal to acknowledge that they fucked up with putin .
