  the count of victims of communists is much higher than nazis . 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/moslive/article-2091670/hitler-stalin-the-murderous-regimes-world.html they are all fucking evil , you cant just say that one option is better than another . 
  i was looking at moscow on google maps , and saw the same property there . 
  it is right next to kremlin , in the very center of moscow . 
  what is the reason for it being undeveloped and in ruin ? 
  and 2:0 against germany in football . 
  and all those sochi medals . 
  2014 was awesome for polish sports . 
  the so called smartphones in 2006 were utter shit . 
  apple got that market share because they were the first to make proper one . 
  i provided statistics in other post . 
  5 % of poles send only 1,5 % of gdp . 
   people in their early 20s . 
  like shit , at early 20s you should be as healthy as you ever will be and not a fat slob . 
  i 've literally always been fat , so perhaps this is true despite me being fatter than you . 
  this is mostly romanian/bulgarian thing now . 
  money transfers are going down for a few years , now they are less than 1,5 % of gdp . 
  considering that 5 % of poles went abroad , this is a major loss for the economy . 
  customs union , not `` open borders '' as no border controls . 
  also , german ( and other western european ) reap most of the profits . 
  polish people working abroad benefit from open borders . 
  not poles in poland . 
  ok , good point . 
  is n't it better to let them have their party ? 
  it 's easier to have them contained and infiltrated . 
  do those nazis currently break law ? 
  if they do , lock them up in a prison . 
  germans did n't open their job market until 2011 . 
  we have common interests and location . 
  oh , iraq , obviously . 
  we had no part in syria and libya though . 
  i do n't know . 
  they might think that this cause is lost . 
  they will certainly fight for stronger external border controls and help to border countries though . 
  i 'm not talking about support for parties , i 'm talking about support on this issue . 
  big majority is against quotas . 
  our government does n't represent the majority of people now . 
  they will lose in a landslide in a month . 
  our government . 
  sucks . 
  poland in syria ? 
  are you insane ? 
  what the fuck, 
   the eu gave 300 billion euros post net values . 
   there are a ton of bigger markets out there in the world not that profitable . 
  `` national socialists '' as nationalistic socialists , not nazis . 
  there are many false friends between polish and russian languages . 
  you have to be careful . 
  they must really like you if they use the first word in your direction often . 
  yeah , first one too . 
  i guess laying barbed wire is kinda easier than building a metro line . 
  we are talking about germany , not eu . 
  if that 's the germany internal politics , that 's sad . 
   always go for the compromise  european union members that do n't help refugees wo n't get money, 
  including free food and home ? 
   honestly worse than the fascists , in my opinion . 
  this level of stupidity is beyond quantification . 
  that 's like first film i 've seen blocked in poland . 
  i explicitely did n't call them left . 
  joining a party in pe means nothing here , i 'm judging them on domestic policies . 
  hussite trilogy is really good too , do n't know if it 's translated to spanish though . 
  we apparently love italians . 
  huh . 
  most people do n't know shit about ss legions . 
  which part of their policies are right ? 
  they are not left , but calling po right in 2015 is very off . 
  they just announced more progressive income tax plans . 
  they are n't center-right now . 
  they steadily move to the left since 2007 election . 
  they are centrist party now , with main ideology being maintaining status quo . 
  so when everybody is racist nobody is racist , feynman ? 
  i hate the meta-reddit shit in this site . 
  the constant `` thanks for gold lol '' makes me cringe . 
  the same is when i see constant `` this subreddit went to shit '' now . 
  maybe , but i do not see many for example french/british shitposts . 
  it 's mostly germans , i think . 
   denied refugees who can not be deported by their own fault ( because they lost passports etc ) are forbidden to work and wo n't recieve benefits so what will they do ? 
  stay in a limbo for the rest of their lifes ? 
  when ? 
  germany is shitting on us since the beginning , and nobody gives a fuck . 
  you mean those who do not have pensions yet ? 
  because if you are pensioner , you are definitely not registered as unemployed . 
  is this really that big number in case of bulgaria ? 
  i would n't say that people live off that in poland . 
  maybe children of parents who are working in the west . 
  yeah , now it 's greece or bulgaria 's fault that the migrants does n't want to settle there . 
  what the fuck . 
  poland ? 
  really ? 
  yeah . 
  our policy considering ukraine both in times of first and second republic is probably our worse card in polish history . 
  they are going to czech republic or slovakia too . 
  we 're not western europe yet ... 
   pretty much everyone attended it maybe in ma\u0142opolska . 
  i 'd say less than half in northern poland . 
  hussite wars too . 
  well , that 's definitely better approach than germany 's `` you take our money , so obey '' . 
  does millions of tourists count . 
  we took hundreds of thousands ukrainians . 
   have you seen a dacia before renault bought it ?
