  it 's really hard to tell . 
  i do n't believe they will meet their promises . 
  pis had more votes in 2007 than in 2005 . 
  still no constitutional majority with only kukiz . 
  we have parliament without any left party . 
  many people vote late . 
  implementation of nowoczesna 's program would lower public debt by 30 bln during 4 years . 
   crippled the docks in sczeczin and privatised many things , which should n't have been privatized in the first place bullshit . 
  polish shipbuilding industry is now strongest than ever , producing 5 times more worth , using 4 times less steel . 
  it 's just we do n't make ships using manual methods from xix century now . 
   most financially balanced  15 bln z\u0142 lost only on pit changes ( not including tax optimisation ), 
  if you 're going to lose at 15 bln z\u0142 only on pit change ( not including tax optimisation ) , how are you gon na fund any of your promises ? 
  please do n't even mention 46 bln z\u0142 in cit loopholes , this is biggest bullshit published in wyborcza ever . 
  it means that 242 bln z\u0142 in profits is hidden in fake import - 30 % of our import . 
  yeah , cisza wyborcza day is spend complaining about it on the internet nowadays . 
  also , talking about prices on vegetable market . 
  which countries exactly are denying you access to schengen ? 
  hope our government is n't amongst them . 
  yeah , after golf 2 phase mostly . 
  though vw passat rules absolutely here . 
  they are definitely not . 
  even nowacka is semi - moderate . 
  golf 3 ? 
  looks like bulgaria is developing . 
  like 6 - 8 years ago we were still in golf 2 phase . 
  why ? 
  excise exists for this reason . 
  i 'd like to keep daylight savings all year . 
  no true scotsman fallacy, 
  and i love that i can buy vodka in every shop around the corner , even 10 meters from elementary school . 
  still does n't drink much . 
  in europe meaning netherlands/ruhr area or wild russian forests ? 
  i do n't know . 
  from here i see complaints mostly about `` stealing jerbs '' not welfare shopping . 
   i think the reason why the more western countries get kinda skeptical of that because to them , in their local propaganda , it 's actually been eastern europeans who had these kinda of reputation the whole argument is bullshit . 
  [ actually percent of people who are on benefits in western countries is less for poles than for westerners , while majority of for example eritreans are on benefits . 
  you are apparently much less happy in a marriage in a country with high divorce rate . 
  yes , just like you write decimals backwards . 
  that 's what every government does . 
  and willingness to use it . 
  have you seen photos , where it was clean and white ? 
  i 'm quite shocked that the city does n't want to spend 0,1 % of its budget to make it look good again . 
  our constitution is more important than eu laws . 
  selling russian fuel . 
  lotos isnt `` much '' smaller . 
  it 's revenue was almost 7 bln euto . 
  that 's stupid . 
  look up bosnia and herzegovina 's unemployment . 
  huh . 
  thanks for explanation though . 
  so it 's just jose , not jose maria ? 
  how, 
  nah , but 5400 rpm laptop one . 
  actually , it 's bangalore . 
  you wo n't even notice it 's there besides small logo with aesthetical colors . 
  kek, 
  it 's starting to be ridiculous , my internet is faster than my old hdd drive . 
  this is basically `` no because we do n't like you '' and is really a discrimination . 
  mcdonald 's has a long history of adapting to historic places . 
  oh fucking jesus i hate extremists like you . 
  yesterday i found man releasing his anger at kid 's parents because they dared to give their kid a sweet . 
  well , here 's the thing : it does n't have to be ugly . 
  mcdonald 's has a huge history of adapting to historical places and making sure their restaurants look good . 
  it wo n't have a 30m pole outside of it . 
  so no decent , fast train between cluj/timisoara/bucarest ? 
  also , how does students travel between cities ? 
  they are one of the biggest groups of clients of polish railways . 
  edit : are internal flights that popular in romania ? 
  they are n't very popular in poland besides few destinations . 
  i 'm talking about trains between big cities - by default not used by commuters . 
  is there different perspective considering those ? 
  what about intercity travel ? 
  no , 50 billion . 
  like my history teacher that tried to convince me that ancient people subtracted years from calendar up to christ . 
  venice charter is bullshit, 
  it 's always raining on 1.11 . 
  fuck november . 
  in moderation ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't think you need to be a hippie to smoke weed . 
   article 79 [ amendment of the basic law ] ( 1 ) this basic law may be amended only by a law expressly amending or supplementing its text . 
  in the case of an international treaty regarding a peace settlement , the preparation of a peace settlement , or the phasing out of an occupation regime , or designed to promote the defence of the federal republic , it shall be sufficient , for the purpose of making clear that the provisions of this basic law do not preclude the conclusion and entry into force of the treaty , to add language to the basic law that merely makes this clarification . 
  ( 2 ) any such law shall be carried by two thirds of the members of the bundestag and two thirds of the votes of the bundesrat . 
  ( 3 ) amendments to this basic law affecting the division of the federation into l\u00e4nder , their participation on principle in the legislative process , or the principles laid down in articles 1 and 20 shall be inadmissible . 
  so is this translation bad ? 
  i do n't see anything about that here . 
  what if you changed article 79 first ? 
  it 's hard for me to focus sight through those small dots . 
  i hate ads that cover windows . 
  how ? 
  it just makes the sunset earlier . 
  it 's the opposite of what i want in winter . 
  you seem to forget that 70s and 80s are the beginning of real globalization . 
  wage stagnation combined with rising productivity was necessary to compete with cheap labor from other countries . 
  no , us spends more public money per capita than uk . 
  there is always sorbnet and ( not in every bank ) express elixir . 
  in a few years probably express elixir will be default . 
  also , there exist [ blik `` cheque '' . 
   apple pay i 'm talking about sending money to real , physical person 's bank accounts , you 're talking about buying in shops . 
  let 's look at normal wire transfer in usa - most straightforward way to send somebody money : https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/wire-transfers-what-banks-charge/ you have to pay fucking 8 $ on average for incoming transfer .
