  thanks , great answer . 
  we had the same in 90s , there were 3,7 mln people on claiming disability benefits ( ~ 10 % of population , which is crazy ) . 
  when the situation on market improved , our social security office did an crackdown on this numbers . 
  now only ~ 1 mln people claim those benefits . 
  what about retention or desalination ? 
  is it too expensive ? 
  i do n't get what race/colour has to do with it . 
  it was a conscious decision of city planners there to make cities car , not human friendly . 
  still better than american/english shitty urbanism . 
  to be fair , government-owned media are less pro-government than gw or tvn . 
  sorry for peace of riga . 
  italians ? 
  i do n't know much about them, 
  what 's the point of giving someone money just to make them pay taxes ? 
  [ wait , the last thing seems off ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/09/nsdap_wahl_1933.png ), 
  definitely not in this month here , in warsaw . 
  grass is yellow and looks dead . 
  so it 's not reliable because you do n't like the results ? 
  how do you forbade them using the swimming pools ? 
  seems oddly specific . 
  according to statistics , belarussians drink more , yet live longer, 
  1 ) why should driver be concerned if you have ticket , his job is driving 2 ) that 's a neat idea , but i believe in practice you could easily forget if you have enough money in the account , making occasional unpaid journeys 3 ) in warsaw like 95 % of people uses monthly and quarterly passes , so either the measure would be completely off , or you would annoy the people with additional hassle , by making them do a some bureaucrat 's job, 
  why the fuck driver would control passengers, 
  why the fuck you need to sweep the electronic ticket, 
  and post about it . 
  irish is the language of elves in the witcher . 
  also , i like russian . 
  this should work recursively . 
  or - fearfully - there might be bigger competition for workers , driving the wages up . 
  yeah , it 's not like they can already have all the help they need . 
  they only need to stop drinking . 
  i do n't think this advice is really relevant when the government is sole reason for this current crisis . 
  yeah , that 's basically definition of third world countries economy . 
   we do n't even eat them that often speak for fucking yourself . 
  there were problems with car thieves and pickpocketers , but according to police statistics , crime rates are dropping every year for a long time . 
  nowadays , we have a problem with reckless driving , and highest road casualties in eu . 
  president can veto new laws . 
  also , he has powers in the fields of defence and foreign affairs . 
  besides that , he has many representative duties . 
  overall , he can make pm 's life harder . 
  [ it 's very easy . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gloossfu6cm ), 
  yesterday 's parade was slightly bigger . 
  two days ago . 
  they were delicious . 
  you need more schchzh, 
  not hearing about czech republic as a beer country would be pretty strange . 
   pro-kremlin polish-lithuanian politician jesus , wtf . 
  play the witcher and you will know . 
  because not everyone has this standard , and everyone wants to have . 
  germany has only 7 % trade surplus inside eu . 
  well , that sounds really sad . 
  you do n't read books in portugal ? 
   4000 francs that 's like 10 times minimum wage here . 
  is is before or after taxes ? 
  thank you for this post , i learned something . 
   every parent 's child is an angel to them and every teacher constantly in the wrong , that 's what i 'm saying the problem is . 
  eh that 's what i hear on this site constantly . 
  i do think that this mentality is n't fully here . 
  we are spending 1,95 % of gdp until this year , next year we will spend 2 % of gdp . 
  up to 2022 , we will spend 130 billions z\u0142 ( 34 bln $ ) only on modernisation and equiplment . 
  should i ? 
  it is n't ? 
  well , nearly all new cars are luxury cars in poland . 
  average age of a vehicle is around 14 years i think . 
  also , i do not think parents and teenagers are that spoiled in poland especially in high school . 
  gimnazjum - junior high - is a mess though . 
  so you invalidate his view because you do not agree ? 
  i know teachers in poland who drive lexuses and bmws . 
  that money did n't come from teaching though , they essentially teach as hobby . 
  japanese version of reddit must be very crowded . 
  the loan thing just passed the sejm , there is not chance that senate will change this law . 
  or constitutional tribunal . 
  [ til 2 times difference is almost no difference ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd/countries?display=map ), 
  the best part is that we are rapidly improving , especially in the field of anti-air and anti-missle systems . 
  there are very many false friends . 
  hey , someone knows the truth . 
  so they would effectively be fighting on two fronts , limiting their ability to do damage and giving us more time to defend . 
  you want to say that combined british and french forces did n't have air superiority vs less than half of luftwaffe ? 
  well , maybe , when you 're busy dropping flyers . 
  that would be great marketing campaign here . 
  yeah , 0,8 % growth is `` anomaly '' compared to -6,6 % . 
  things like that can happen in a day , without any reasons . 
  if merkel sneezed in the wrong direction , it would surely be -10 % , right ? 
  it 's actually one of the coldest places today . 
  iran is just starting the production . 
  the prices could be even lower . 
  that 's kinda funny , because being a mayor/president is usually the last step in politician 's career here - if you 're doing decent job , and have good pr , you are practically guaranteed to have multiple terms . 
  no one tries to become someone on national level , they have their little domains where they can do anything . 
  the american scheme : `` get rich -  go into politics '' sounds better to me than our `` go into politics to get rich '' . 
  he was talking about eastern european countries , not central ones . 
  no , that would be hate speech . 
  yes , it was backed by donators through jewish historical institute . 
  i do not have any data about nationality of those donators , but biggest donation was made by jan kulczyk ( 20 mln z\u0142 ) . 
  overall , warsaw gave 90 mln z\u0142 , ministry of culture gave 90 mln z\u0142 too , and donators gave around 140 mln z\u0142 . 
  also , norway financial mechanism gave over 12 mln z\u0142 . 
  current activity is financed mostly by warsaw and ministry of culture 's donation ( unlike wim , which is financed solely by warsaw ) and is around 20 mln z\u0142 , while wim gets 9,3 mln z\u0142 . 
  speaking of your original argument , you could choose better example : museum of second world war in gda\u0144sk . 
  construction cost even more than polin - 360 mln z\u0142 , fully financed from state 's treasure . 
   the most financed and well-done museum in warsaw is ... warsaw insurgency museum .
