  well , `` banned in russia '' is a nice marketing slogan here nowadays . 
  we sometimes use jo in polish . 
  at least in northern poland . 
  i do n't think you 've eaten really cheap chocolate from lidl for example . 
  well , if you insist on putting fish on pizza , wall is the smallest thing separating us . 
  i 've found that if you 're a student , copious amount of ketchup can make nearly everything edible . 
  nuclear too . 
  here you could add few years to this surely , 2009 was still a year of sony ericssons and nokia e51 . 
  i mostly think that 's because facebook was already popular before smartphones were a thing here . 
  who needs an another account when you can do everything on one . 
  facebook , snapchat and text messages . 
  no one uses whatsapp . 
  well , we have smog few days a year here in warsaw . 
  poland was n't a clean country in 90s . 
  we have come a long way . 
   outside of air , the biggest problem are still people that do n't clean up after their dogs . 
  100 % agree . 
  well , krak\u00f3w is the biggest city heavily affected by smoke , so media tend to focus on krak\u00f3w . 
  there are [ many other cities ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/figures/airbase-exchange-of-information-5/pm10-percentile-2012-concentration/image_large ) affected too . 
  i 'd say polish cities are quite clean - if you 're not talking about air . 
  we have a big problem with smog , mostly in southern part of the country . 
  yeah . 
  when i hear other slavic language , i hear all the sounds . 
  it 's just after a while when i ca n't match the sounds to the words i realize that they are speaking different language . 
  hungarian parliament building is so fucking beautiful . 
  well yes , ireland is definitely nice in that matter . 
  i even might be going myself to work at microsoft there . 
  it 's not that bad here as well to be honest , not more than few percent of people work for minimal wage , mostly outside big cities . 
  we 're light years away if we 're talking about median wage though . 
  i do n't believe that no polish universities are worthy to be in top 200 . 
  so you can afford car on that too ? 
  wow . 
  but well , social housing is a big deal probably . 
  i 'm not sure if we have something like that here without waiting 10 + years though . 
  whatever , good for you . 
  it 's just mindboggling that you could do that at minimum wage . 
  i would n't be able to rent apartment here at minimum wage . 
  you 're expecting to support family on minimal wage ? 
  no , it 's flat . 
  and has shape of pizza . 
  we want to be a slice . 
  so you want to ban whining ? 
  what the fuck . 
  uk government wants to stay , it 's all that matters now . 
  unfortunately most other people do n't care , or are happy that `` the pigs are squealing when taken away from the trough '' . 
  how many women was in central committee of party ? 
  well , that 's how much power they had . 
  it would mean economic depression in poland , with rising unemployment . 
  we need currently at least over 3 % . 
  wages are growing too , at least in poland . 
  you have to believe that france 's gon na keep growing with 1,4 % too . 
  so there will be no crying how greece 's coastline is to large and how close it 's to turkey ? 
  as i said , pure magic . 
  and now greece will be able to catch them and deport , which was considered impossible . 
  pure merkel magic . 
  no shit, 
  there is one quite close - in greifswald . 
  also , many german open pit mines and lignite power plants there . 
  as you can see in previous examples , paint does not too . 
  we had biggest marketplace in poland on our national stadium ( then named after 10 years of prl ) before finally constructing new one on top of it in before euro 2012 . 
  probably other way around . 
  it happens in poland . 
  just do n't put pastel colors on them . 
  please . 
  it 's kwidzyn , not k\u0142odzko . 
  why would this be different from trains for example ? 
  no one voted for the stupid european pseudoparties . 
  people voted for the national ones . 
  german anti-nuclear paranoia is really annoying . 
  first belgium , then france . 
  i hope we will build our nuclear plant fast before they will force eu-wide anti-nuclear convention or other shit like this . 
  i 'd replace our whole right part of political scene with british conservatives . 
  i 'd love to vote for a party that does n't become a caricature of itself . 
  you can cut costs without straight up torturing them . 
  4,5 % highest since ww2 ? 
  wtf . 
  how the fuck you can use biedronka and allegro as an example of pre-1990 industry , wtf . 
  lot would be decent if they were n't close to bankruptcy once every few years and needing public support . 
  outside of that , the dreamliners are really nice . 
  do you have good voice quality over phone ? 
  i 'm really hating phone calls due to low quality voice . 
  i have to guess what the other person said most of the time . 
  i might have a shitty hearing , but i 'm fine in real life . 
  do you have good voice quality over phone in the us ? 
  i 'm really hating phone calls due to low quality voice . 
  i have to guess what the other person said most of the time . 
  i might have a shitty hearing , but i 'm fine in real life . 
   we should ignore international law yeah . 
   stop rescuing those ppl you only imagine you 're `` rescuing '' them . 
   maybe even shoot them . 
  there 's no need for that . 
  although shooting people for illegally crossing the border was widely practiced a few years ago here . 
   as the immigrants come to our country and no one gives a fuck but tell us `` you should try harder '' i 'm 100 % for sending part of our navy to help with this task . 
  you could invoke nato article 5 or something . 
  the point is , you are trying to decide how we should help you . 
  it 's just like lithuania tried to convince us the only way to make them safe is to nuke russia . 
  no , there is not . 
  and if you do not like preferred way to help - securing the border - you are n't gon na get anything . 
  just as lithuania would n't get anything if they said fuck you to air policing . 
  you are n't even fucking trying .
