  you forgot poland . 
  they were not parks , more like shitting grounds for dogs . 
  warsaw has plenty of parks . 
  this is not about if , but how . 
  you can provide housing and do it good . 
  tbh , it 's still way better than uk 's endless sea of small houses . 
  yeah , it 's so wrong that people have jobs . 
  also , at least two of those new big buildings are residential . 
  yeah , obviously . 
  but the situation where few people that work in biedronka is below them , and situation when there are dozens of interested people for every job offer is quite different . 
  also , pozna\u0144 is in the 2 % range . 
  edit : employment is a much more important statistic in the long run . 
  there is no literal unemployment in big cities - and by that i mean people who want to work and ca n't find a job . 
  that was actually my most satisfying shopping experience . 
  and that 's one of the reasons i pay everywhere with card . 
  it 's difficult to even get 200 pln . 
  i have n't got one from atm yet . 
  haha , we 're winning in that direction too . 
  we are introducing 500 pln note , that 's about 120 euro . 
  they let germans destroy warsaw in a first place , by not helping warsaw uprising . 
  meanwhile , we 're using 0,01 pln coins , which are worth less than 1/4 euro cent . 
  yes , but this is already banned . 
  destalinization was n't until 1956 . 
  and until that year , bierut , a hardcore stalinist still ruled in poland . 
   although i guess religion is quite influential in poland kind of ... but it 's different . 
  it 's more about tradition , not praying in public or something . 
  that does n't happen . 
  wtf, 
  moving from taxing work to taxing `` something else '' . 
  usians still dominate reddit . 
  european georgia or us georgia ? 
  [ yeah she 's being fucked . 
  ] ( http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_ww31isnzwkop3bc7r5f9nkxg51rex532.jpg ), 
  elections are in 2019 . 
  that 's a shame , looks like a great place to skate at . 
  land in those regions belonged mostly to state , which created big inefficient pgrs - like soviet kolkhoses . 
  they were closed at the early 90s , causing big unemployment . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  we are talking about an on demand abortions , not women 's health related abortions , which are fully legal . 
  try to fucking actually read the comment you 're replying to , as well as entire discussion . 
  eh what ? 
  you drive for like 20 hours monthly and pay only 100 pln for gas ? 
  who are you trying to bullshit ? 
  and of course as everyone permanently welded into your car seat , you conveniently omit every other maintenance and amortization costs connected to owning a car . 
  having a lower income than your peers makes you more stressed too , maybe add income inequality to our wonderful indicator ? 
  it 's trendy word right now , will make caviar leftists even more impressed of our study . 
  if you want to measure stress or mental illnesses or fuck what you want , do it , but not invent things out of your ass . 
  if there are respected peer reviewed articles about how lack of on demand abortion shortens lifespan or gives cancer than sure , include it . 
  other way , do n't bullshit . 
  it 's one packaging for several countries . 
  romet is a bicycle brand in poland . 
  wow , you 're quite thrifty in letters . 
  max and maximilian are distinct names ? 
  not much of an \u044f . google [ translate ] ( https://translate.google.pl/#en/pl/ola ) is quite nice . 
  government made a law that makes collection unsellable and then profited by it . 
  ok , so if i make a law that you ca n't sell your house can i legally throw you out of it since you ca n't sell it anyway ? 
  this argument is so stupid . 
  the freight rail suffers from fragmentation of rail systems . 
  yes , but non-fuel needs can be easily satisfied from sources in `` free '' countries . 
  together they have more . 
  that means pis does n't have a majority . 
  that 's not true . 
  pis has like 34 \u2105 support . 
  wtf ? 
  it 's cheaper than in 2008 . 
  since then , prices are lower or stagnated . 
  the premise of the article is right , but the article itself is shit . 
   among causes of economic slump is a dangerously growing budget deficit , which will be record high of 60 billion pln ( about 14 bln usd ) . 
  this amounts to 2,9 % , so just 0,1 % less than eu excessive deficit procedure . 
  the actual deficit after november is like 50 % of that . 
   if poland exceeds 3 % deficit ( very likely in 2017 ) , european commision will impose a fine on poland which ends up as a international row between eu and poland and which will further damage country reputation . 
  right , because the fine is automatically imposed . 
  [ read the fuck up . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/images/graphs/edp_infographic.jpg ) there is like 1 % chance that fine will be imposed for the first year of exceeded deficit . 
   another reason is very low internal consumer spending ... rising consumption is the only reason we 're not in recession yet . 
  this is not an economic article , this is fucking investment article . 
  the displacement and mixing of people after ww2 would be the biggest factor i think . 
  like everyone has no accent in poland . 
  little exceptions are g\u00f3rale probably , maybe some places near eastern border and foreigners . 
  99 % of people speak standard polish . 
  there are also silesian and kashubian languages , but speakers of those still use primarily standard polish , with no big clues about being speakers of one of those languages . 
  the differences show only with using non-standard words ( slangs ) that exist throughout country , and that 's the only way you can guess where somebody is from . 
  most well known is probably from krak\u00f3w - they do n't `` go outside '' , they `` go to a field '' instead . 
  bia\u0142ystok is famous from `` dla '' ( `` for '' ) word , which they use in context that is not obvious for people outside podlasie . 
  compared to other countries and languages , poland is very homogenous . 
  ah , right . 
  still , the map is wrong : it was in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , not warszawa . 
  not one death . 
  what were the ones with dead people ? 
  it 's not about whether it was an accident or not . 
  non - totalitarian government ca n't control the actions of all the civilians . 
  this might not have early negative impact , it all depends on reaction of authorities . 
  smole\u0144sk crash did n't worsen the poland - russia relations at first . 
  only if there are no other parties present, 
  is it very far from the city center ? 
  this would look really nice at summer . 
  germans should be on eastern side . 
  being on western side would provoke shitty comments about reclaiming the vaterland . 
  stalin 's power really consolidated over the years , and it was n't what we would consider until great purge . 
  so what the fuck reeks in the buses ?
