  russian/ukrainian have only three ( male , female , undefined ) . 
  or am i thinking about wrong gender thing ? 
  from wikipedia :  polish might be said to distinguish five genders : personal masculine ( referring to male humans ) , animate non-personal masculine , inanimate masculine , feminine , and neuter . 
  author might include two plural genders . 
  honestly , i do n't know . 
  i would attribute that to the relatively fast development of russian empire before ww1 , which caused improvement of living conditions . 
  i also do not know how they counted population of poland before ww1 - do they count population in terrains later belonging to second polish republic , or do they count the population of ethnic poles ... 
  yeah , of course you are right . 
  only looking at stalin there are also holodomor deaths , mass deportations , and minor genocides . 
  there are also millions of victims of civil war following the communist revolution , including half a million of cheka 's victims - this is for lenin apologists . 
  considering the stalin ( and communist ) goal was world revolution , definitely not . 
  well , those few weeks germany needed to conquer yugoslavia and greece could change the outcome of operation barbarossa . 
  include victims from communist revolution , collectivisation , stalin 's purges , gulag ... 
  [ not everywhere . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/population_of_poland.svg ), 
  wait , did wehrmacht units guard extermination camps ? 
  i had learned that [ ss ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ss-totenkopfverb%c3%a4nde ) did it . 
  russia started that war . 
  because there was no `` lack '' of national identity . 
  there was an national identity , even very strong , but not linked to the church . 
  many of the magnates were luterans or calvinists ( radziwi\u0142\u0142 family ) . 
  the point is that the church started to be identified with polish identity during zabory period , due to reasons i wrote earlier . 
  good . 
   lack of national identity is also why poland is very catholic compared to , say , the czechs no . 
  we are very catholic , because the church in poland was entirely polish - compared to lutheran prussia and orthodox russia . 
  church in poland helped preserve national identity , and fight with germanisation and russification . 
  it has became a backbone of polish identity , after centuries of religious tolerance . 
  ( this is coming from atheist btw ) . 
  compare this situation with czech republic - the church was german . 
  it acted as a tool , used for germanisation . 
  it was never linked to national identity , like in poland , opposite in fact . 
  it was linked to aggression of foreign culture , which czechs tried to oppose during hussite wars , 30 years war and so on . 
  they are laughing at him , lol . 
  no shit . 
  they just represent the absolute left spectrum , without going into communist/trotskyist field . 
  it 's probably good that they exist though , they will steal 0,5 percent of votes from palikot or sld . 
   would n't call it radical  75 % tax, 
  so vote for pis in october . 
  i will vote for balcerowicz 's party . 
  i do not believe this claims , but typical po 's reaction of ignoring everything and blaming crazy pis , fearmongering and doing nothing really fucking annoys me . 
  stop using strawman . 
  you said yourself , that it is not necessary . 
  i do not need we need extra laws , we need to properly execute them . 
  this convention will change nothing . 
  i would rather have the ruling party use their precious time to try fix the judiciary system , which will directly improve situation of victims of domestic violence . 
  instead they make meaningless signs , and hope that fear of pis wins elections alone . 
  blame tradingeconomics for their graphs . 
  graph shows that economy has grown from 303 bln $ to 425 bln $ while pis was in power , which directly refutes the `` fucking disaster '' claim . 
   if you believe that it is not necessary why the hassle fight it ? 
  [ because we have horrible legislative diarrhea . 
  ] ( http://www.pb.pl/4017959,70224,padl-rekord-biurokracji-w-polsce ) we need less laws , not more . 
  he was really arrogant the whole campaign , felt really entitled to the presidential office , threatened his opponents with a fist . 
  he tried to win by dividing poles into `` rational '' ( obviously being his voters ) and `` radical '' - anyone else . 
  most people just were tired with the hate campaign . 
  also , pulled a complete 180 after 1st round , refuting what he said few days earlier . 
  how does level of promises matter when you are not gon na fulfill them ? 
   kukiz also did not promise anything other the election thingy . 
  yeah , nothing other than jows and still got 20 % . 
  that really shows that promises does n't matter . 
  this is not legal . 
  you complain that someone ( police ? ), 
  broke the law . 
  and we are talking about the law . 
  and you have to pay wages to 23846129318492349017 bureucrats who process eu money . 
  we do not get so much per capita . 
  everyone lies when it comes to electoral promises . 
  i just do not care , since everyone does it 's just better to totally ignore it . 
  he wo n't fulfill them anyway . 
   as well as social progress , like lgbt rights , separation of church and state , etc. 
  do you really believe that this changed under po 's rule ? 
  they just maintained status quo . 
   foreign politics was a disaster not bad under meller . 
  but yeah , foreign politics was better under po - until sikorski ( who together with siemoniak was definitely best ministers ) and tusk departure . 
  team of schetyna , kopacz and komorowski is a joke , and has 10 % of tusk + sikorski 's power . 
   they did n't stop the growth , that 's all they did . 
  they created foundation of growth during crisis ( together with sld 's cit lowering ) with tax reform . 
  and po reaped the benefits with famous green island picture . 
  and you know what i mean . 
  no president is independent . 
  duda will be pis 's president . 
  okay . 
  i just feel kinda sad that this left side is palikot and sld . 
  and that is coming from liberal . 
  so we are probably bored with that boredom . 
  just pointing that they have no history of keeping deficits high . 
  warm water in the tap satisfies no one now . 
  pis maintained lower deficits than po . 
  doing nothing , as opposed to doing nothing . 
   not really . 
  duda 's promises would cost shit load of money . 
  to the extend it would literally cause huge economical troubles to the country . 
  i was thinking about things like in vitro or gay marriage . 
  this cost nothing as far as i know . 
  and is the same between both candidates . 
   his ideological views are basically those of episcopate . 
  so basically middle ages . 
  so basically komorowski 's views . 
  as for economical views - i do not believe that he will do shit about them , so it will cost nothing too . 
  i tell you no one was independent . 
  there is no such thing as independent president ( outside of system where president is head of government ) .
