  everyone does that , i do not see how that makes him worse than komorowski . 
  because fulfilling those promises would be sabotage for polish economy , and why would he do that . 
  i do not believe he is that stupid . 
   and i remember when pis was in power . 
  it was a fucking disaster . 
  [ yeah right . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/embed/?s=wgdppola&amp;d1=20050101&amp;d2=20071231&amp;h=300&amp;w=600&amp;ref=/poland/gdp ), 
  why did you vote for palikot ? 
  do you trust him ? 
  and do you truly believe that pis is planning any persecutions of lgbt people ? 
  let 's just say that maintaining status quo is not persecution . 
  yeah , he might not . 
  i do not believe that fairy tales about impartial president . 
   i think you forgot jarek kaczy\u0144ski famous speech that started with words `` dear friends , russians ... '' . 
  do n't forget it was quite unique situation . 
  nobody know what to expect or behave . 
  and i do n't think anybody thought that putin is friendly towards us . 
  well you 're kinda right . 
  though i would like politicians to be more cautious in that situation . 
   what about convention against violence ? 
  duda would not sign that . 
  he believe that domestic violence is polish tradition . 
  this convention is just a cannon fodder for both sides , and imo means nothing outside of that . 
  the stance for any important social issues is same between both candidates . 
  what do you think about legierski 's stance about duda ? 
  the point is , he literally can not fulfill this promises . 
  now , because po wo n't pass them , and after pis win in fall elections he wo n't , because that would be sabotage . 
   right . 
  because duda is experienced politician and he will ... do what exactly ? 
  what can he do when russia refuse to give back the plane ? 
  declare war ? 
  the same as everyone ? 
  do nothing outside of rhetorics ? 
  the point is that after crash po 's politicians acted like putin was our friend . 
  ukraine shows how much that was right . 
   except he openly said that he has opinions like episcopate . 
  good luck with same sex marriages , in-vitro or any other case that is against church teaching . 
  so how is he different from komorowski ? 
  i say that again : nothing will change . 
  yeah . 
  they got lazy and complacent , and paid the price . 
  i hope they will kick kopacz out and someone sane and reasonable will become leader of po . 
  this convention is pretty much cannon fodder for both sides of a debate . 
  means nothing , and nothing will change . 
   twin brother  independent pick one . 
  there was so called `` third brother '' - ludwik dorn . 
  now where is he ? 
  yeah probably . 
  the point is , pis ( as in 2005-2007 ) outside of rhetorics was n't doing really bad , at least at economy . 
   presidential commission of smolensk assassination i strongly oppose assasination thesis , but putin played our ( mostly po ) politicians like they were children . 
   episcopate dictatorship jesus fucking come on . 
  nothing will change . 
   we 'll wo n't join euro fixed . 
  do not be stupid , no one fulfills electoral promises . 
  an extreme oversimplification of religious views of adolf hitler . 
  nothing will change . 
   what this means is regress or at least total stop to progress in any kind of social issue ( abortion , gay rights , etc. ), 
  i fail to see how is this duda 's fault compared to komorowski . 
  because that progress was sooo great under po 's rule . 
  pis did nothing in 2005-2007 and po did nothing until now . 
  even if pis wins parliamentary election , nothing will change . 
   edit : most important , i forgot . 
  his presidency will depend a lot on how much he will be dependent on his party leader , jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski . 
  duda has safe 5 years ( and support in 2020 is pretty much sure ) , unlike mp 's , which are party leader puppets under our proportional system of voting . 
  he pretty much can do anything . 
  because he seemed to be only normal person in 1st round . 
  now in second round everyone votes not for someone , but against someone . 
  i voted for andrzej duda . 
  strangest thing is , that i do not want his electoral promises to be kept . 
  president can not pass laws alone , do n't be stupid . 
  this promises mean nothing . 
  can you even read ? 
  they were not `` serving the nazis '' , they were coerced to do so . 
  maybe you consider forced laborers served the nazi too . 
  there were very , very few examples of poles collaborating with nazis vs ukrainians - just because ukrainians were more willingly collaborating with nazis ( i do not blame them , they had to live under stalin much longer ) . 
  there were many ukrainian units fighting together with germans . 
  there were none polish ones . 
  and to be honest - armia krajowa were `` allied '' with bolsheviks just because polish government in london was forced by western allies to do so ( sikorski - majski agreement ) . 
  how this alliance really went ? 
  look up operation tempest and red army 's waiting during warsaw uprising . 
  also , tell me which `` atrocities '' armia krajowa committed . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_police  in october 1939 , general governor hans frank ordered the mobilization of the pre-war polish police into the service of the germans . 
  the policemen were to report for duty or face the death penalty . 
  well fuck you and your propaganda . 
  poland was growing faster before eu funds . 
  but they believe in the wrong thing . 
  oh , in mazury and pomorze it 's default salad too , but never heard `` kaczy \u017cer '' in my whole life . 
  wtf, 
  that 's just because planners build these cities for cars , not for people . 
  look at new urbanism . 
  the cities that failed ( brasilia , etc ) failed mostly because it 's planners blindly followed modernistic ideas and le corbusier 's vision . 
  where new city planners were n't fooled by modernistic ideology , their cities turned rather well . 
  look at gdynia , poundbury plans or more general , at the whole new urbanism movement . 
  there are no direct trains from frankfurt to warsaw . 
  2,8 % qtq ? 
  that 's really impressive . 
  well , that 's really positive example of immigration . 
  here india associates with something like [ this ] ( http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3237/3015910802_b8c23b712d.jpg ) , despite no one really knows any indian people . 
  is india viewed positively in america ? 
  eh not nazi or anything , but he is definitely not sane .
