  i do n't see a reason why some reasons to kill are worse than another . 
  they are all evil . 
  [ i had the same attitude when poles were attacked . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/52dz2a/polish_man_beaten_up_in_uk/d7jg8ui?context=3 ), 
  where i 'm defending anybody ? 
  i 'm just saying it is n't news . 
  i 'm full of contempt for anyone who assaults other people . 
  i do n't understand why killing somebody because of their ethnicity is worse than killing somebody because he has a lot of money . 
  in both cases , it 's murder . 
  murder is evil . 
  i believe you have noble , but very idealistic intentions . 
  however , i believe in statistics , not emotions . 
  more people will be happy if overall crime rate will go down than if we search particular instances of a problem and demonize them . 
  i ca n't find relevant data about this topic . 
  idk . 
  do racially motivated attacks hurt more ? 
  also , i doubt there is much love between romanians and gypsies . 
  is attacking considered ok by half a population ? 
  i very doubt it 's considered ok by a 5 % . 
  i do n't get what you 're trying to say . 
  oh , there are probably a thousands of worse things . 
  murder , rape , pedophilia - this things are rare in poland . 
  yes , i 'd very like to marginalize amount of single accident and anecdote-based posts , while having more statistic based posts . 
  i 'm probably only one who has n't used anecdotal evidence in this post tree at all . 
  i have n't issued a single vote in this thread . 
  even though , imaginary internet points does n't matter at all . 
   as is the low number of terrorist attacks . 
  in context of total dangers they are meaningless and only anecdotical . 
  obviously , you are right . 
   1 person did n't do something  obviously everyone has to do it, 
  i believe not many white , heterosexual poles do n't have a story of being physically attacked . 
  is it the worst thing in the world ? 
  is it anything you or them care about ? 
  so it hurts more if you are hit by a racist ? 
   and why would you feel bad about these , you did n't do it yourself no ? 
  jesus what a ridiculous claim . 
  i 've never beat somebody . 
  i 'm a firm believer of a state monopoly on violence . 
   you should show it and make the best you can to erase such things from your society not feel ashamed and pull it under the rug . 
  my opinion . 
  you only give audience to idiots who want an audience . 
  according to other article in this sub , amount of `` hate crimes '' rises when media report more `` hate crimes '' . 
  statistics should be publicized and reflected on , not every single accident . 
  single accidents does n't mean anything besides allowing people to react emotionally , which is really pointless . 
  11 according to [ this map ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/8/18841/m18841758,mapa-wnioski-o-status-uchodzcy-2.jpg ) . 
  it 's like refusing to fly because there are accidents . 
  jesus , do you always make decisions based on anecdotal evidence as seen on reddit ? 
  look up statistics and see that poland is one of safest countries here . 
   so we would both obviously be unwelcome and in danger this is coming from a citizen of country where over 200 refugee shelters have been burned recently . 
  burnings !, 
  this shit never happens here . 
   i never heard such things happening in my country either . 
  yeah , nobody foreign ever got beaten in romania . 
  according to [ this site ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/profiles/romania/crime/all-stats ) there are 8800 yearly assaults in romania , in addition to 800 murders . 
  is it really worthy to put thousands of this post here ? 
  this one presents crimes made by and against foreigners . 
  as you can see , there were 2152 crimes made by foreign citizens in poland and only 1403 against them . 
  maybe we should post here every time when foreigner commits a crime in poland ? 
  i protested when this sub was flooded with similiar bullshit articles about attacks on poles in britain . 
  if you want to see every attacks on people who are from another country just make your own sub and post it there . 
  you will have to submit hundreds of posts daily . 
  i do n't see a place for this kind of posts here . 
  they are annoying and have no effect on anyone 's lives here . 
  another bullshit article about a singular crime . 
  jesus , it 's local news at best . 
  people get beaten daily everywhere . 
  yeah but why do you need to be a member of some formal group to enjoy something ? 
  nah , less stonings in iran . 
  oh yeah , have you got more statistically significant examples ? 
  nothing will get you beaten in poland unless you like to be in a bad places in the middle of the night . 
  you can eat healthy for 200-300 pln monthly . 
  it 's two times more than `` famous '' [ czokoszoki diet ] ( http://www.wykop.pl/wpis/13122345/coolstory-polska-polska-jest-najtanszym-krajem-w-e/ ) been there , done that . 
  you can go even lower if you cook for more people than one . 
  fresh vegetables are very cheap , pasta/rice/potatoes too . 
  what ? 
  do you need to eat outside for your standard of living to become acceptable ? 
  that 's definitely livable amount if you do n't eat outside . 
  no one cares about ceta or ttip in poland . 
  just look at the signatures . 
  the aoe translation was so hilarious !, 
  thanks for reminding me of this . 
  well , so again , similar . 
  thanks . 
  this seems similar to warsaw 's salaries . 
  probably salaries in prague would be slightly higher to compensate higher life cost . 
  also , could you disclose average rent for 1/2/3 bedroom apartments ? 
  not true . 
  employment is on the greatest levels on history . 
  mid level software engineer , c++ / python/java , after taxes ? 
  mixture of pragmatism and culture . 
  i have nothing about big states when the will of people is there , but i 'd like to enable creation of new states when we have clear differences of culture and sense of affiliation . 
  i think nothing inherently bad would happen if we saw independent scotland , catalunya or basque country . 
  the problem is that current countries do n't like to give up land and taxpayers . 
  that creates unnecessary problems and resentment . 
  if country membership would be a lot `` lighter '' we could get rid of some social problems . 
  well , then you kinda contradicted yourself . 
  i believe there exists optimal size of a state . 
  we just do n't know it yet . 
  and yes , cultural differences are more important right now . 
  so what 's the real difference ?
