  you might overestimate old people . 
  maybe in your country . 
  uhhh ... people ? 
  i do n't use cheap services provided by immigrants , if you exclude kebabs at the late night . 
  you really believe that ever bigger masses of radicalized and disenfranchised muslims will have no impact on european societies ? 
  really that 's what you believe ? 
  are you really asking for a proof that muslims are more and more radicalized , and attend saudi funded , radicalizing mosques ? 
  https://www.wzb.eu/sites/default/files/u6/koopmans_englisch_ed.pdf and no , the moroccans are not an exception :  fundamentalist attitudes are slightly less prevalent among sunni muslims with a turkish ( 45 % agreement to all three statements ) compared to a moroccan ( 50 % ) background . 
  yeah , not adhering to the principles of religion makes you less of a believer of that religion . 
  just like not going to church on sunday and eating meat on friday makes you less christian . 
  well they are , since prevalent salafism and wahhabism is more of a modern phenomenon . 
  would n't that take very much time ? 
  for example , lessons in poland take 45 minutes with 10 minute breaks , during which people dress and shower . 
  i do n't know where would you fit traveling to a different place . 
  why running is mandatory ? 
  that does n't mean it was key in this process . 
  i assumed data is counted monthly . 
  same as poland . 
  huh , was n't really aware of it . 
  [ the real aardvark ] ( https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--mo5nhhoj--/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/19e0b0ev5drg4jpg.jpg ), 
  how many data you have that you ran out on 2nd of december ? 
  then comes pis and fucks all the safeguards in the ass , and nobody can do anything about it . 
  you mean [ this one ] ( http://cdn29.se.smcloud.net/t/photos/477027/lech-walesa-papiez-pilsudski.jpg ), 
  why not ? 
  it 's not like they can use it effectively . 
  if they want to lose money , western countries should help them . 
  obviously . 
  but that 's what i did when i had like 1gb four years ago . 
  it 's the other way around here . 
  and in most central and eastern europe i think . 
  use apps , not browsers . 
  why would you ever choose \u0141\u00f3d\u017a ? 
  zimna w\u00f3dka - cold vodka . 
  it does not have the magic of kebab with meat of questionable origins . 
  nah , it 's kebab + at least half a litre energy drink . 
  that 's nearly unanimous opinion of whole polish nation . 
  of course , implementation varies . 
  why ? 
  we still need to suck us dick to be safe . 
  definitely more prestigious now . 
  i 'd say it 's at best secondary or tertiary topic . 
  even migrant crisis was perceived mostly as internal issue - as `` evil po goverment tries to destroy polish nation by importing millions of migrants '' . 
  nobody really cares what germany , france or uk thinks about us - only exception is us . 
  i 'd say any criticism of our involvement in iraq or afghanistan came from similiar principles : `` why waste money and manpower on that desert '' vs supporters `` we do n't fucking care what happens there , we 're doing it to suck us dick '' . 
   the consequences involve thousands of unnecessary deaths ( including many uk servicemen ) and further destabilisation of an already unpredictable middle east , leading to increased anti-western feelings and eventually to the rise of isis . 
  yeah but really people hate him for some shit that happened far away ? 
  does foreign policy really is a defining factor in uk ? 
  we 've been lied too , just nobody cares now . 
  just being lied to makes you hate that guy so much ? 
  then got reelected and won nobel prize . 
  why iraq is so remembered in uk ? 
  we went there together ( famous `` you forgot poland '' ) yet no one cares about that anymore . 
  poland biggest slav, 
  was n't london metro open in 1863 ? 
  they have to conduct polls to have exit polls results . 
  unless you want to forbid those too ... 
  so governments should [ give no fuck about it 's funding ] ( http://stooq.pl/c/?s=10ply.b&amp;c=10d&amp;t=l&amp;a=lg ) ? 
  decreased trust in government lowers investment rate . 
  no way we 'll get over 3 % with those idiots in power . 
  they just lowered the retirement age ... 
  it makes you desire competency . 
  yeah , no . 
  look at polish politicians : everyone said that anyone could do job as good as last government , than pis came . 
  but it attracts ambitious people and broaden range of people who want the job , making competition bigger . 
  you have millions of times the responsibility than average salary worker . 
   universities in the west are actually giving students and recent alumni money if they start a company in/right after university . 
  will it likely lead to disaster ? 
  yea , most likely . 
  but you know what , companies eat that up . 
  you started a company , created a proposal , tried and failed ? 
  well , shows initiative and experience , and you get one up from mihai geogescu who 's top of the class but ca n't wrap his head around doing anything that is not in a specification document . 
  someone in india can do that cheaper and just as well . 
  way to present false dilemma . 
  my friends have even won contest to create their own company , and got some funding . 
  all they got from it was half a year of pizza , and prototype of product which nobody ever would want to use . 
  most succesful companies and startups need experienced people with knowledge in their area of expertise , not newly graduated hippie hotshots . 
   friends have bad experiences . 
  the money was to good , so they went for it . 
  but those banks expect their money 's worth . 
  so you get roped into a bureaucratic office environment which tries to milk you for any excess time you have to work on whatever proprietary crap the management decided to go with . 
  there 's better tech enviroments , although if you 're willing to climb the corporate ladder likely not better money unless you sink yourself into the right start-up , which after a few years of hitting your head against that mess seems like a breeze . 
  thanks for sharing . 
   heh , i guess i was on the poorer end of the spectrum . 
  if you needed more than a pen and paper to do it , you did n't do it . 
  did go to the olympiad . 
  for me and my sister it definitely felt pushed , we 've since learned that the world is a lot more complicated than we were taught . 
  life does n't have to be shirt-tie at a microsoft subsidiary , fighting for management , which is what we could hope for in the home country . 
  it was more about not disturbing people than helping them in reality . 
  in a suitable environment people will love to learn with little help other than mentoring . 
  but i wo n't spend time learning olympic level maths if i have to spend 10 hours learning to * extremely * important biology exam . 
  so the school remedy was to remove unnecessary annoyances . 
   are you serious ? 
  you are are n't you ? 
  trust me , you do n't want to find yourself in the `` looking at listing '' end of things . 
  too much competition , and many are just there so the company can say the tried to find someone , when in fact they already picked put have to do it out of company/national rules . 
  sending emails to see if positions are available is better . 
  so is having friends tell you of gaps in the company . 
  you always get bonus points for going through unorthodox channels . 
  yes , if you stand on your head and sing company anthem you 'll probably get bonus points . 
  bottom line is that we live in a world with 7 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 people and there is not an `` unconventional '' way for every one of them .
