  we want to get new ones . 
  probably u212a , u214 or scorpene . 
  we do not really use `` stran/strana '' anywhere . 
  well some 80 's mercedes cars definitely drove over 1 million kilometers . 
  it should be possible with bus too . 
  yeah , thanks . 
  i do not recognize written bulgarian , just thought that pesa might sell its products somewhere in cyrillic-using countries besides sofia and moscow . 
  and this definitely is n't moscovian foxtrot . 
  is this from sofia ? 
  i recognize pesa swing , they are really good trams . 
  they can just trade stamps / food for vodka . 
  that 's what 's miners do in poland . 
  we use mostly [ this ] ( http://rolety.net/images_2010/roleta73a.jpg ) in poland . 
  imo looks better than every curtain that i have ever seen . 
  and i 'm not a fan of those shutters either . 
   curtains xix century called , they want you back . 
  tesco in poland is only good for late night shopping , due to being open for 24 hours . 
  they are not pro-russian . 
  i do n't know for example what he means by it . 
  do they really need to ask ? 
  we 're dispatching emergency brigade of our most experienced plumbers . 
  there are not 2 million poles in germany . 
  2 million figure is whole emigration since 2004 . 
  obviously , that way they had the work force they needed without having to pay us german wages . 
  it did n't work 100 % as they wanted to , because 2 million poles just went straight to uk and other countries , bypassing potential most popular destination country . 
  there is no reason to single out austria when talking about germany :p well , the restrictions were practically lifted after seeing the positive effect of migrations to uk , without so feared rise of crime levels . 
  anyway , it 's just funny in contrast to very permissive approach to recent migrants . 
  that 's funny , because germany was the last country to lift restrictions on free labor movement , in 2011 . 
  we know what a navy is . 
  we do n't really need navy which can operate outside baltic sea though . 
  it 's waste of money that could go to army or air force . 
  i 'm talking about urbanism . 
  they are put in the middle of the city , in a [ place which was very densely populated before the war , which was full of tenements and life ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/d08018d1a25410b1766b73bc6f78fa34.jpg ) . 
  they completely abandoned frontages and wasted land with blocks scattered across the whole area like shit in the field . 
  now the [ whole area is degraded with no reason to come there if you 're not living there ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/a2568800f9f0c326ad6430cf5f0fe875.jpg ) . 
  look at mdm or muran\u00f3w , where commies have shown that they understand the modern city design . 
  mdm is actually the best part of the city urbanistically . 
  osiedle za \u017belazn\u0105 bram\u0105 is the worst cancer on warsaw 's urban tissue . 
  that 's what they are saying . 
  meanwhile , those helicopter carriers look like they would fit some planes . 
  [ slightly older , but still relevant crime statistics from whole eu . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/crime_statistics ), 
  no photo of new solaris tramino trams :(, 
   i think in most other nations the idea of `` superstate eu '' would be quite acceptable - if finally someone would fill this vision with colour . 
  the problem with federalists is that they believe that federal eu would make all the good decisions . 
  based on current eu stance on many problems , i believe federal eu would make all the bad decisions . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not wishing you anything i would not like myself . 
  in fact , i 'd love if my government finally pushes for nuclear power plant here . 
  i 'll pay france to open new nuclear reactor . 
  as close to germany and luxembourg , please . 
  native british people wanted shariah law ? 
  yeah . 
  we had the same shit with disabilities in poland in 90s . 
  3 million people were ` disabled ' . 
  then government started crackdown and now there are less than million . 
  really poor americans ( bottom 10-20 % ) have definitely worse life than top 25-35 % poles due to difference in living costs . 
   simple solution  federalize, 
  we actually spend over 2 % of our gdp on military , so it 's not like we 're not even trying . 
  stop denying our contribution and respect for nato article 5 . 
  visa overstaying rate is 1,5 % . 
  so the 10 % figure is just your embassy 's bullshit . 
  we had bigger % of our armed forces in afghanistan in 2010 than us , but it 's obviously nothing . 
  why the fuck rates from 90s are influencing visas now ? 
  it 's refusal rate , not overstaying rate . 
  so it 's just your arbitrary bullshit . 
  well , this article is definitely much better . 
  what i 'm particularly interested : isds guarantees protection against some laws . 
  does it protect against lack of laws ? 
  such as lack of software patents law ? 
  i do n't believe that ttip ( or cited articles ) mean software patents . 
  the full tinfoil mode of the source does n't help either . 
   we 're living in an age when if those in power commit crimes against millions of people ( not just wars of conquest abroad but also domestic wars on the local population with its diminishing rights ) , they just simply rewrite the law to legalise these crimes after the act ( e.g. 
  cisa and investigatory powers bill ) and if there is something that bothers them ( e.g. 
  law-abiding citizens who are activists ) or threatens their monopolies ( anonymity-wielding protesters , software freedom etc. 
  ) , they will simply try to demonise or altogether ban those things . 
  i just wtf . 
  are they really gon na sign ttip ? 
  that may be one good thing that comes out of that government . 
  people in poland are much more fat than 10 years ago . 
  we have very bad stats regarding children obesity for example . 
   it 's doubtful that poland and polish businesses are doing it just out of kindness and brotherly love , do n't you think ? 
  it 's even better if we are profiting from it . 
   and still a large chunk of those moved pre-war , probably even majority . 
  from my personal point of view , nope . 
  in warsaw , i hear ukrainian and russian languages multiple times a day , while 2-3 years ago it was a rarity . 
  i 'm not sure about length of work permits , but process of getting visa is easier now . 
  actually , the requirements for work permit for ukrainians were lowered due to war . 
  in that way , we help people who want to work , and not people who just want to get free money . 
  wow , i 'm so thankful that those times are long gone . 
  there are few who run restaurants and such . 
  there are many vietnamese though . 
  yeah , because government stats are soooo accurate . 
  government does n't even know if there are 100k or 1m ukrainians here . 
  we have 0,2 % fees . 
  cash is significantly more expensive than cards . 
  the germans who do all kind of stupid shit based on unfounded fear . 
  ireland is kind of special . 
  nothing like ira could happen here . 
  s\u0142onina in polish .
