  there 's plenty of `` mokot\u00f3w residences '' scattered among the city . 
  well , i disagree . 
  the  15 story commieblocks neighborhoods are so much better than 5 story ones . 
  the fact that high ones are usually from 80s and low ones are from 50s-60s does help . 
  source : lived in shitload of those . 
  or some form of capital tax . 
  but in no way 40 % in a very short amount of time , that 's just fucking stupid . 
  you had to be good 10 years ago . 
  nowadays student count declined so much that nearly anyone can study for free . 
  i thought he is taking about months and wondered what happens after july . 
  i did n't claim that i visited all of asia . 
  ok , you know what you are talking about . 
  the point of those units is mobilisation . 
  there are only few units you can properly staff with 100k soldiers . 
  if the time will come , army will be 500k + soldiers . 
  you have to have bases , logistics , weapons prepared for that . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  are . 
  definitely . 
  tickets are on your city card/student card here . 
   who uses the bus 14 times a week well , i use public transportation probably 4 times a day averagely , including weekends . 
  home -  work and work -  home being only part of my trips . 
  what if i want to go somewhere to drink with friends ? 
  go to the city center using public transportation . 
  what if i want to buy clothes or other things ? 
  go to the shop using public transportation . 
  what if i want to go to the swimming pool ? 
  again , public transportation . 
  also , paying for the comfort of not having to do anything regarding tickets beyond renewing them once in three months . 
  anyway , thanks for the answer . 
  eh so why bother of the system is not solid . 
  so people additionally buy tickets from the driver ? 
  it sounds like the driver has a lot of work outside of driving , especially on very crowded routes . 
  what about monthly/quarterly tickets ? 
  i 'd say 90-95 % people use those here . 
  you do not have to show those anywhere outside of metro and dedicated people for validating tickets . 
  does n't it take a lot of time to make driver to validate all the tickets ? 
  also , your busses are short and have only two doors ? 
  if machines can do something faster and cheaper than humans , it means that human labor is inefficient . 
  for example , one man in a excavator is more efficient than 10 man with shovels . 
  concept of efficiency has nothing to do with `` hardness '' or `` laziness '' . 
  crime rates here are steadily declining , maybe in other countries declined more ? 
  never been to the us . 
  there is some truth in that - your new double decker trains are absolutely massive with a plenty of space . 
  you ca n't fit that in international gauge . 
  you do have the gulf stream . 
  the fuck ? 
  i pay that much for a quarterly ticket for everything that drives in warsaw . 
  eurostat uses the same methodology in every country . 
  that 's why those results are comparable . 
  and the only way to end world hunger is to make sure everyone has food . 
  you 're talking all the time , but you 're not saying anything . 
  probably differences in definitions explain one fight . 
  though did n't expect that big differences overall . 
  [ official police stats . 
  ] ( http://www.policja.waw.pl/pl/kontakt/rzecznik-prasowy/statystyki/37784,dane-statystyczne-styczen-grudzien-2015.html ) first row - overall crime count , second row - criminal offences , third row - damage to health , fourth row - fights and beatings , fifth - car theft , sixth - overall thefts , seventh - burglary , eight - robbery , ninth - damage to items . 
  columns are 2014 , 2015 , and difference between them . 
  edit : the data contains not only stats from warsaw , but from neighboring powiats ( counties ? ), 
  too . 
  around 2,5 millon people . 
  they are not europhiles , but not ukip level delusionist either . 
  we really love europe and would n't like to see it self destruct . 
  and around the same number of ukrainians came . 
  employment is also on the highest level . 
  oh , so they work , just without paying taxes . 
  i misunderstood what you tried to say . 
  how the fuck they can afford `` lifestyle '' without work ? 
  versailles anyone ? 
  kopanica ancient polish city . 
  i do n't see it . 
  that 's why proper solution is cooling plants using sea water , just like japanese or our future \u017barnowiec plant . 
  peak in poland is in summer , during heatwaves . 
  photovoltaic installations perform significantly worse during high temperature . 
  i do n't know if you deleted your comment . 
  but i would love to live near nuclear plant . 
  the positive economic impact is great with only imaginary danger . 
  the citizens of villages near \u017barnowiec , where polish nuclear plant will be built know that , and are constantly for building the plant . 
  just like citizens of nearby tr\u00f3jmiasto and whole pomorze . 
  the point is chernobyl and fukushima despite a lot of bullshit around them were relatively small and harmed very few people . 
  considering the really big disasters ... have you ever heard of a thing called global warming ? 
  death toll can easily go in millions . 
  by choosing coal and petroleum we get the whole package . 
  would he worry about discounted food anywhere in the world as programmer ? 
  yes , accidents happened . 
  despite that , not very many people was hurt . 
  we are always 20-30 years to nuclear fusion ... 
  i hope we will experience this nearly unlimited energy in our lives . 
  they are , but i wo n't be basing vote on that membership instead of their views on domestic issues . 
  right now i would vote nowoczesna , which is in alde . 
  in one year more people ( actually orders of magnitude more ) die from coal related incidents than from nuclear energy since it 's inception . 
  we need to get rid of usage of fossil fuels fast and nuclear energy is the only solution . 
  where would you put the line ? 
  also , i do n't really believe in accidents . 
  in one year more people ( actually orders of magnitude more ) die from coal related incidents than from nuclear energy since it 's inception . 
  i would n't vote for any of the european parties . 
  i would vote for domestic one . 
  there is no risk , so why even debate this ? 
  nuclear plants are 100 % perfectly safe . 
  density has nothing to the safety of nuclear plants . 
   clearly you are n't reading what i 'm saying and just responding regardless , you 've missed my point twice in a row now and after the first post i thought it accidental but now i think its just deliberate .
