   commie blocks leave a lot of green area with trees between them i 'm all for proper , big parks for the people , but do n't try to imply that this grass serves other purpose than shitting grounds for dogs . 
  it 's just wasted space . 
  you can have dense cities within a large place . 
  and lack of public transportation causes lack of social cohesion . 
  why tax things you ca n't enforce ? 
  tax other things . 
  woah . 
  is this due to some of tradition ? 
  lol . 
  let 's make jebb as jeb bush . 
  this can continue forever . 
  makes him vp , and resigns . 
  affinity for lawful evil ? 
  german confirmed . 
  john ellis bush -  j. e. b. 
  yeah , that 's so american . 
  is it really drawing straws ? 
  for real ? 
  metro was n't priority for communists at all until they realized they need at least some makeshift public support in the 80s , after martial law . 
  of course , they also did n't destroy all of polish tram lines like they wanted too , but only lack of resources make them keep trams . 
  the developers building outside of cities is retarded and could be stopped by law , but oh well , no one cares at the government . 
  only local communities will suffer , so they do n't care . 
  you posted something taken straight from city main market . 
  was this supposed to be a serious argument ? 
  i 'm taking about modern tenements . 
  on mobile , so ca n't show you examples , but look at german cities , vienna and so on . 
  and fuck cars , cars are the scourge of modern cities . 
  they are the main reason of why us is so shitty . 
   at least the communists left decent spacing between the blocks that 's fucking retarded . 
  how is making everything far away from rest of the city good ? 
  public infrastructure works good only if buildings are dense . 
   and every development had a school , kindergarten and a doctor outpatient clinic . 
  like everywhere else , is your argument `` they did n't completely fuck this up '' ? 
   they did n't make sufficient parking lots but no one expected people having so many cars . 
  that 's the only good thing . 
  last thing we want is more cars here . 
   nowadays the blocks are crammed there is little green space , schools are few and far between , public transport is lackluster . 
  in some places , yes . 
  if you were idiot and bought new apartment outside of city proper in some kind of piaseczno , you have no one else to thank but yourself . 
  there are also examples of good developments , like xix dzielnica , developments in \u017boliborz przemys\u0142owy , and multiple smaller developments in city proper without those problems . 
   municipal planning divisions gave up and most places do n't have proper zoning plans . 
  and that 's the problem with the law . 
  it could be so good if they did n't fuck this up . 
  there was infrastructure - only for cars . 
  trams were demolished in that time , public transportation was getting trashed . 
  new developments were build far from centers . 
  new development varies in quality , but at least fills the gaps left by modernism . 
  also shitty ? 
  the difference is that then urbanism was shitty by design , today is shitty by deficiencies of law : creating monsters like bia\u0142o\u0142\u0119ka in warsaw and whole suburbanism trends . 
  why are you comparing those to individual houses and not normal european tenements ? 
  it 's not some bullshit europe vs us story . 
  100 % truth . 
  fuck modernist urbanism . 
  i do n't mind buildings . 
  the shitty urbanism that came with them was way worse . 
  trains do n't ? 
  wait what ? 
  mcd meals cost from 2.50 $ ( for discounted big mac menu ) to 5 $ for their `` deluxe '' seasonal burger menus . 
  how can it cost so much more in romania ? 
  former kim 's brother was ambassador in poland . 
  i see a one way to do it . 
  are n't stolen cars mostly used for parts ? 
  i 'm not an expert . 
  i do n't follow . 
  obviously , very many audis here . 
  99 % of them are bought used though . 
  beria was georgian too . 
  definitor not here , lol . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://ezakupy.tesco.pl/groceries/pl-pl/products/2003005122805 ) [ 2 ] ( https://ezakupy.tesco.pl/groceries/pl-pl/products/2003005122799 ) how the fuck is that even possible ? 
  selling higher quality parts for lower price than whole bundle , with less processing needed ? 
  so what now , they have to put some of the awful polish shows ? 
  i 'd pay them to not have any of those . 
  you 're comparing fillets to whole chicken - with bones and rest of the shit . 
  at least compare it to breast . 
  g\u00f3wnoburza is something from wider polish internet , not a / r/polska invention though . 
  next generation is pretty cool , they speak 100 % perfect polish and besides drunk football retards nobody has any problems with them . 
   however , you just stay inside while it 's raining . 
  and then you need to go to work or school or somewhere . 
  if it were as easy as sitting at home , it would n't be a problem . 
  thanks for the suggestion , i 'll definitely try them if i 'll have the chance . 
  unfortunately , they are not present at [ smakpiwa.pl ] ( http://www.smakpiwa.pl/ ) which is the biggest distributor of foreign craft beers in poland . 
  then 13 years of labour rule . 
  and now tories again . 
  brits have a tendency to cling to their governments . 
  yeah . 
  like in every nordic country - danish mikkeler , swedish omnipollo , estonian p\u00f5hjala ... your draconian alcohol policies at least done something good to people in other countries that can drink those great beers cheaper than locals , 
  do you use space after question mark ? 
  that feels so wrong . 
  lervig makes so fucking good beer though . 
  sippin into darkness ba is my personal favorite . 
  nope . 
  lived there for 3 years and public transportation do sucks compared to krak\u00f3w or wroc\u0142aw ( and warsaw is in the other league ) . 
  not even common ticked ? 
  come on . 
  are at most 0,01 of `` polish wealth '' . 
  compare that to 0,4 of russia . 
  not in poland . 
  i was pretty sure there was desert in the middle , [ turns out it 's some kind of drained lake ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/21dca6a9d71b2da9edd32b727405ba32.png ) . 
  why would landlords care about your employment status and how are they gon na check what are you telling them ? 
  well , 4 of those skyscrapers were build during communism .
