  we can have quality leadership at any size . 
  if that 's the case , why do n't we break up all the countries into smaller ones and create a million liechtensteins ? 
  why would you think unemployment depends of the size of the country ? 
  employment , not unemployment . 
  catholic ? 
  pastors are protestant priests . 
   pastor what does the pastor have in common with catholics ? 
  that was actually kinda decent ad , which hit where it should - the church 's money . 
  i was talking about clownish one , mostly with ryfi\u0144ski - stupid happenings without any substance . 
  his original program was about economical liberalism and weed . 
  clownish anticlericalism appeared after the election . 
  it 's not that hard to get big ratio of benefits ( which have fixed amounts ) to taxes if you pay such a low taxes . 
  and enslaved it on its own . 
  why not ? 
  stop posting every stupid attack . 
  small amount of muslims always becomes large amount of muslims . 
  your example kinda proves that . 
  there were literally no way and borussia fans teased them . 
  so their little brains started to boil . 
  why do it to them ? 
  just fucking do n't provoke and they will start fights among themselves instead of trying to kill you . 
  this is your third comment where you are trying to sound like an idiot . 
   about 200 legia hools left their seats there and were on their way to the dortmund fans . 
  they fucking were n't , since there was police at the exit . 
  they literally could n't get physically close to borussia fans . 
  you fucking literally said that :  start of the video , you see the crowd with ski masks go towards the exit . 
  there are police at the exit . 
  are you joking ? 
  i replied to a guy who posted video from yesterday 's match . 
  how did i started anything ? 
  this thread is about germans trying to extrapolate actions of the scummiest group ( football fans ) to a whole society . 
  i mean you ca n't seriously say poles are racists because ultras did something . 
  where the police came from moment later ? 
  yeah , going through police seems like their best idea . 
  where have i justified it ? 
  you have fucking extrapolated the actions of the most scummiest group ( football fans ) on whole society . 
  that make as much sense as saying brits are racists because chavs are killing poles . 
  where do i try to excuse chanting ? 
  where , jesus . 
  legia seats are empty at 0:40 and borussia ultras are destroying the barriers . 
  your crime was n't some angry mob . 
  you made entire industry out of killing . 
   racism of poles 40 people killed vs 6 million but the poles were racist too !, 
  watch borussia ultras provoke on 0:40 . 
  i mean , legia supporters are scum , but claiming that germans are ok here is bullshit . 
  well , buses go every minute or two on my route to university  during rush hours , of course . 
  uh , so bus network is relatively sparse ? 
  ok , that 's very different that my experience . 
  thanks for response . 
  how would it go exactly on schedule when it might miss half the stops ? 
  does it wait later until schedule checks out ? 
  people stop being random when something connects us . 
  work , school , university , hobbies . 
  bus is not enough . 
  maybe if it breaks down . 
  or if its 20h train journey . 
  damn you pkp . 
  also this must be the explanation for suicide rate in lithuania . 
  i do n't like system when you ca n't predict if the bus stops because it destroys schedule . 
  bus should take exactly same time every time . 
  consistency is basic of public transportation . 
  human contact with my friends and family is great . 
  human contact with random people is useless . 
  and i 'm all for restricting writing about every migrant crime as well . 
  great . 
  then post statistics , not every accident . 
  stop posting every stupid attack . 
  jesus , people get beaten daily , it 's not a news . 
  post when you have some statistical data . 
  in some ways ? 
  people care about what 's happening in their vicinity , not hundreds of kilometers away . 
  i speak the truth . 
  that 's a meme that 's sometimes true . 
  yeah , like men are n't expected to raise child . 
  men do everything women do in regards to children except the pregnancy part . 
  okay . 
  that does n't change that it was n't topic at all in poland . 
  nobody cared that somebody died in sea until eu and germans started shoving them down our throat . 
  refugees were n't a topic in 2014 at all . 
  chaotic neutral . 
  yeah , really , several debatable accidents in 38 million country and you can extrapolate for tens of thousands italians , spaniards or greeks who live there . 
  i have legal version of winrar . 
  i have n't paid for it though . 
   thanks , i appreciate it . 
  it 's two my monthly salaries but at least something . 
  again , thank you , really mean that . 
  if you will work here , it 'll be a lot less . 
  median warsaw salary is around 1000 eur monthly , while average is around 1250 eur . 
  [ not really , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/timeline/35a158a8a17711c1f59acd64f1eb66f6.png ) unless you made some extremaly big jump in two years . 
  also , taking 1990 in comparison when east germany was burning so fucking much is not the best point you could make . 
   but why hydro is n't feasible ? 
  we have some plants - w\u0142oc\u0142awek is the biggest one . 
  just have no possibilities to build more without serious implications to environment ( and serious cost of building dams with big floodplains ) , even w\u0142oc\u0142awek is considered harmful . 
   and there is no wind in the baltic sea ? 
  mediocre amounts , plus wind alone is very unstable . 
  solar + wind + hydro could make up for few percent , maybe 10 % . 
  but i doubt we could have more by short term . 
  we need to build nuclear plants to get rid of most of coal . 
  also , what we could rid of easier , is domestic coal ( and trash ) burning in homes , which does much more enviromental damage than relatively clean power plants . 
  coal and gas .
