   it 's pretty much why education in the west is going to shit . 
  they 're cutting off `` excess '' like the humanities , clubs and computer science ( shit you not ) from high schools . 
  strange attitude . 
  high school education should be more specialized , trying to form everyone into one shape is a bad idea . 
  i 'm probably lucky to go to school which attitude could be best described as `` do n't try to prevent people from achieving greatness in what they are the best '' . 
   meanwhile rich kids get thrown into `` well-rounded '' private academies where they 're expected to do volunteer work and lead post-curricular social programs . 
  they are paying to volunteer ? 
  that 's really funny . 
  in my country , top 10 high school are exclusively public - owned by government , only criterium for admission being gymnasium exam scores . 
  there are probably 1-2 private hs in top 50 . 
   erasmus actually gives the poor a leg up over the rich , not the other way around , by providing a portion of the funding most people would never be able to manage . 
  yes , and then live under the bridge after you finished your term . 
  edit : regarding my first point , [ ministry of science is just now pushing funding algorithm which would try to limit number of students admitted to universities . 
  it 's not the time for such things . 
  big majority of students have to work to be able to have food and roof over their head . 
  yet you sponsor an option to have a fully funded gap year for already wealthy students ( because who can afford to lose his job to go to one big party ) . 
  if you would want to seriously support education and give somebody money for vodka , you would propose to use the money to increase student scholarships , which are endlessly cut . 
  spend money to support education and science . 
  starting grants for new postdocs and adjuncts would be a good start . 
  living wages to doctoral students . 
  more international cooperation not in form of students traveling to other countries , but professors coming to other universities . 
  we do not have a lack of ideas how to spend money on science . 
  i 'm absolutely okay with that as long as they pay for it . 
   governments pay for university yes . 
  it does n't buy me vodka or pay for accomodation . 
  the money is spend on education , not entertainment . 
   you 're arguing for the abandonment of public programs because their users are n't being 100 % cost effective . 
  it essentially degrades students ' performance . 
  instead of one semester of studying they are partying half a year . 
   and you 're basing this on the completely anecdotal suggestion yeah , how about the common statistic of `` million orgasmus children '' . 
  that 's what you support ? 
  early pregnancy ? 
  you 're free to do it if you cover your cost . 
  from that site :  most universities use a 2 to 5 scale , where 2 is the minimum and 5 is the maximum pass mark . 
  grades above 3 can include 0.5 point increments . 
  essentially comparing scores like that is pointless because every class has different distribution of grades . 
  i 've had classes where more than 50 % people failed , and had classes where 90 % people had 4.5 or 5 . 
  not even comparing different universities . 
  i could get over 4.5 average on university of warmia and mazury without doing really anything , while i 'm below 4.0 on my current faculty . 
  what are you speaking about ? 
  the grades in university go from 2 to 5 . 
  and like 2-3 % of people i know ? 
  most people do n't want to waste time on erasmus since you essentially party half a year when you could be doing something useful . 
  i have nothing against *** privately *** funded orgies . 
  if the money would be spend on improving the quality of education , instead of funding orgies i 'd be all for it . 
  1453 or 1204 could be worse for greeks . 
  it 's way easier to eat less calories with certain diets than others . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( https://youtu.be/qnsoxqlhbd8?t=1m50s ), 
  infrastructure behind large streaming services is kind of engineering achievement . 
  it 's not that easy to scale to millions of users . 
  kebab and pizza day . 
  shops are closed so you have to order food to survive . 
  i was on mobile . 
  thanks . 
  paywall . 
  the european commission logo sucks . 
  why ? 
  i do n't trust her . 
  as generic as meat . 
  i would n't be ok with calling meat anything that 's not made of flesh . 
   so we should have allowed uk to restrict eu immigrant benefits ? 
  is that what you 're trying to say ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  nyc is one of the few exceptions . 
  does n't charge overall view . 
  i dare you to go to one of the small towns in the north east . 
  no one gives a fuck . 
  i 'm not offended . 
  why would you think so ? 
  [ like that . 
  then you discover that space is used exclusively for shitting grounds for dogs . 
  us has some good things . 
  urban planning is not one of them . 
  i do n't agree . 
  barcelona has good urban planning . 
  vienna has good urban planning . 
  scattering building around like shit on the field is not good urban desing . 
  blocks and frontages are . 
  yes , us has dense cities . 
  where the geography prevented what happened everywhere else . 
  like new york . 
  there are also areas where density is prevented by retarded zoning laws and nimbys like in san francisco . 
  the city proper houses like 2x less people that it could because you insist on [ shit like that ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@37.754697,-122.4872636,3a,60y,41.5h,92.3t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smviqd7y3evprrynu5nzrhq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  it 's cramped but still horribly inefficient . 
   not sure what you are arguing . 
  most of us looks like houston or phoenix than like manhattan . 
  and certainly nothing looks like vienna . 
  they are great , i 100 % agree . 
  they have way more capacity than buses too . 
  i showcased it as an counterexample of that meme that communists had good plans at least . 
  they did n't build the metro like they wanted , but they did n't destroy trams like they wanted . 
  so not realising their plans was at best neutral . 
  i might not word that the best though . 
   sady \u017boliborskie the park is cool , but after living for a few years into this kind of 5 story `` early '' communist block , i 'd rather live in the old wooden postrussian cottage in podlasie . 
  even soulless type of 70-80s highrises like wawrzyszew are better . 
  to not look to your neighbours windows , you need to place buildings into frontages and blocks . 
  look up barcelona for example . 
  this is a problem modernists created themselves in the 50s and 60s , when they placed building perpendicularly to streets instead of parallel . 
  then they increased space and boom !, 
  problem solved .
