  dutch artillery . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzt-pfb4fa8 ), 
  no shit , i was speaking about modern use . 
  well shit , before seeing that chart i thought potato is an slavic thing . 
   soros that supposedly owns them it was founded by soros . 
  killed our great president !!!!, 
  genocides and atrocities committed by soviets since creation of their evil empire . 
  what the fuck , soviets were first . 
  look up czeka or forced collectivisation . 
  but by claiming that there are multiple interpretation of koran they give breathing room to the extremists and terrorists , effectively legitimating their shit . 
  ok , but why the assumption that it is some hardcore interpretation , and by claiming that there is only one interpretation they are not implying that some `` soft '' interpretation is only true one ? 
  and which interpretation that is ? 
  duda stronkest leader in the world !, 
  he crushes constitutional courts with his left hand and gives 500 pln on every child with right one !, 
  trams are fun . 
  what 's wrong with them . 
  there are always bunch of people who hate usa just because . 
  and not change any shit , even those stickers ? 
  that 's cheap maintenance . 
  wtf is `` workplace inclusion '' and `` digital access '' and why we rank so low on them ? 
   modern britain is nothing like the british empire wew lad, 
  and that german attitude is perfectly why we want nato forces here , not eu or german . 
  that 's great , i 'm coming in , just throw me a visa or green card plz, 
  wow , only one robbery attempt . 
  talk about perspective . 
  i have never in my entire life seen robbery attempt . 
  i 'm not gon na fall at some bullshit discussion about semantics when you clearly mean the same . 
  less people make more stuff . 
  it 's the fucking goal of economics . 
  that 's strange , because our media are way more left wing than whole society . 
  gazeta wyborcza , the most popular non-tabloid newspaper could be written in any other country and would be still pretty left wing . 
  of course , that may change with new government claiming media . 
  copernicus science center is must go to if you happen to travel with a child . 
  i 'd imagine moscow is quite expensive . 
  or was before ruble went to shit . 
  we do ban every symbol used in context that promotes totalitarian practices of nazism and communism . 
  they are in a specific context . 
  germans with their pathological hatred of nuclear energy . 
  you did enough for the advancement of climate change already , and now you try to do the same in other countries . 
  shameful . 
  you do n't buy tanks or carriers with ppp . 
  but we can pay our soldiers less . 
  it 's not giving much , considering that most expenses are directed to the equipment . 
   m1911 you still use them ? 
  they are like 100 years old . 
  actually engine , gun , ammo and armor are different , lol . 
  our t-72s are worse than old soviet t-72b 's ... our pt-91 might be better with new fire-control system , reactive armour and better engine , but new russian modernisations are still much better . 
  they are no match to modernised leo 2s though . 
  ok , so seems similiar or slightly better than here . 
  thanks . 
  it 's the same everywhere . 
  what you 're looking for is the [ total employment rate ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/6/66/employment_rate%2c_age_group_15%e2%80%9364%2c_2004%e2%80%9314_%28%25%29_yb16.png ) and romania 's stats are close to the average . 
  what do you mean by it ? 
  software engineering ? 
  you 're right . 
  though i 'm not debating if it is a good tank . 
  i 'm just saying it 's way better than our unmodernizes t-72m1 . 
  t-72b3m is entirely different tank than t-72m1 . 
  well , that was the point . 
  also , for some reason it 's seen as job for young people . 
  here like 90 % of people working in shops are older than 50 . 
  i have friends there . 
  you 're right , but google zurich is one thing , and whole big us market is another . 
  also , there are places there with similar wages and lower costs than switzerland or bay area . 
  usa . 
  i 'm a software engineer . 
  companies pay really better in usa . 
  because ussr sure was . 
  how do you call civilian joining the army ? 
  soldier . 
  i had to bypass an arab who decided to pray in the middle of path in the library . 
  if you look only at economic ideas , yes . 
  so nothing has your solidarity ? 
  or maybe power is more important to him than money ? 
  he probably has enough for a comfortable life . 
  so what 's wrong with pew research center ? 
  our minister of development , essentially person responsible for polish economy was ceo of a big bank and took even bigger drop in payment . 
  he earns less than 3000 eur right now . 
  why does site matter ? 
  it provides links to research . 
  it seems you focus on surface : personal experience or source of links that you do n't actually have time to think about substantive arguments . 
  few , but why does it matter ? 
  most muslims in the world support things which i and whole european civilization consider extreme . 
  stonings for example . 
  [ tons of data ] ( http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/articles/opinion-polls.aspx ), 
  yeah , if his interpretation of islam is not extreme . 
  and most interpretations of islam are extreme . 
  well , there were not such rules before . 
  so what is the point ? 
  make them suffer because they had not follow the law which did n't exist ? 
  no drang nach osten , no trying to unite provinces ... it seems it would be better . 
  statistics are showing otherwise . 
  and wages are not a zero - sum game . 
  importing cheap labor does not decrease employment statistics , beside boosting demands . 
  it may increase unemployment though . 
  employment rises , wages too . 
  better to have more elastic terms of employment than be unemployed . 
  low unemployment increase your chance of finding work when fired . 
  everybody wins . 
  maybe , you know ... british model works better ?
