  the problem was that his party was a circus . 
  he destroyed any credibility he had during those 4 years . 
  aws at least had some good ideas ( and pretty bad implementation ) . 
  current government had at least 5 years to change something , and they failed to do so . 
  most people who believe in this conspiracies believe , that the investigation was fucked up . 
  and that 's true . 
  two bottom-up parties would be so much better than po and pis . 
  and everybody complains here too . 
  for some reason experience of americans and brits is more important . 
  that said , i 'm not supporter of fptp - but alternative vote would work much better than proportional representation here , because that would mean end to ( partie wodzowskie - i have no idea how to translate it ) . 
  drop from 65 % in january to 32 % is pretty significant . 
  5 % over duda ? 
  he had 65 % in january , while duda had ~ 23 % . 
  incredible arrogance presented by current president in campaign paid off . 
  falling from 65 % to losing 1st turn must hurt . 
  good . 
  100 % for cashfree system . 
  and here it is 0,5 % and will be lower . 
  significantly less than having to transport the cash to the bank . 
  you have to determine who is warez hoster and who is honest businessman . 
  if your payment does not exceed what is on your account , it takes money from your account . 
  if payment is bigger , then it uses credit . 
  you still can buy food from online supermarkets . 
   it 's just too inconvenient to handle daily small transactions . 
  cards are much much more convinient for small transactions . 
  you never have to manage coins . 
   split a bill ? 
  you say how much you want pay , waiter types how much to charge ( 2 seconds ) , you pay with paypass ( 1 second ) , or if you have to pay over 50 z\u0142 , you enter pin ( 10 seconds ) . 
  repeat until everyone paid . 
  it 's much easier than with cash , with constant problems with having exact amount of money , small debts which everyone forgets about and shit . 
   give money to your kid ? 
  why would n't kid have debit card ? 
  i have card since i was 13 . 
  now there are more options , [ like what i just googled . 
  ] ( http://www.buxx.com/ )  need a small amount of money really fast ? 
  i do not see why would you need small amount of money , besides coke vending machines . 
   what about the accessibility and reliability of the payment system ? 
  you do n't need a license or a contract or anything to carry cash , but you need them to go cash-free . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i do not need any licence , besides bank account . 
  having licence must n't be a problem for shops , since everyone has it . 
  cost of using cards ( interchange fee ) is much smaller than managing cash . 
   how many things do you rely on when making an electronic transfer to someone ? 
  you rely on your device , the 3rd party app , their device , their 3rd party app , your bank , their bank , etc. 
  if any of these or the connections between them fail , your whole transaction fails . 
  i ca n't remember when i had any problem with connection . 
  i 'm not going to have cash with me just to be able to buy loaf of bread once in three years when connection fails in this particular store . 
   honestly , whenever i hear people say they have n't used cash in ages , i think to myself they must be pretty anti-social . 
  i fail to see connection between being social and using cash . 
  but how do you buy on the internet ? 
  you ca n't use cash there . 
  * i would love if more people in europe would learn and speak polish , it is beautiful language . 
  and for some reason being killed for being born into ethnicity is worse than being killed for being born into stupid soviet socioeconomic class bullshit . 
  if you were a child of kulak , you were political enemy for being born too . 
   throughout the 19th century , war in europe was commonplace . 
  well no . 
  i 'm looking at 1815-1914 . 
  after napoleonic wars , war was much less common than before - most wars were shorter and less devastating , like austro - prussian war , with a few exceptions , like crimean war . 
  nothing compared to great northern war or 30 years war , which devastated whole countries . 
  after 1871 up to 1914 wars were pretty much limited to ottoman empire and spain . 
  then ww1 happened ... 
  take your pension and go live in romania . 
  how the fuck someone `` afford to have rich people '' . 
  we tried the no rich people thing and everything was much worse . 
  are you fucking kidding ? 
  900 euro pension in poland ? 
  that 's close to average wage , you 'd have to be some fucking general or miner to get 900 euro pension, 
  what the fuck , they throw you in jail of you did not vote ? 
  that does not work like that . 
  if you have smaller population , there is smaller demand for services , which keep the number of jobs lower . 
  yeah , nsa does care that i bought that pizza yesterday . 
  i just wanted to say there are additional benefit to working out . 
  gain in terms of acquired traits , not mass . 
  i know nothing about biology/chemistry , but why not make tab that makes body shit all the sugar and fat ? 
  it 's much easier for me to work out more than cut food . 
  and you get muscles , increased strength and endurance while working out , while if you only eat less you gain nothing . 
  there is no way . 
  you have to pay hundreds of euro to millions of people . 
  you ca n't finance it any other way than taxes . 
  you can only lower pensions , or increase retirement age . 
  wow , you are really behind . 
  i remember only one vietnamese place in warsaw that accepts only cash . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  this movie is so true . 
  you bought u214 , the good ones are u212a, 
   this large surplus will likely drive the currency to appreciate . 
  as the periphery tries to export its way out if this mess by following the german model of export led growth , the inevitable result will be the euro appreciating . 
  the largest cause of this will be germany with its large surplus but the countries that 'll be hit hardest will be the peripheral ones with less efficient economies . 
  meanwhile eurusd going down . 
  they probably count suicides and blindsides as accidents . 
  from the polish perspective : most of this industry was already obsolete , produced low quality goods , not really useful in modern economy . 
  also , there was a big focus on arms industries , for which there is no demand . 
  we do n't really need new t-72s or mig-21s . 
  of course some of the investments were needed , and most of those was kept and modernised , like rafinery in gda\u0144sk . 
  belarus for example kept all their postsoviet factories and industries . 
  they still produce much goods for export to russia , but they reached the ceiling of their possibilites , while polish industry production is stronger than ever . 
  short term vs long term thinking . 
  i do not know . 
  i know several interns and former interns at google , facebook or microsoft . 
  everyone loved time spend there .
