  by legitimacy you mean ability to stay in power ? 
  we have that too , but when people from other nations criticise us , we have no mercy for them . 
  only poles can complain about poland . 
  they would have to not declare war on us - stupidest move ever . 
  ipa and ris masterrace . 
  urbanisation in poland is way lower than in those countries . 
  young people have to move , if they want to go to university . 
  [ and yet when you look at the whole picture it looks good . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd/countries?display=graph ), 
  because you do n't `` have have '' to go to this class . 
  you can not go to any class and still pass the test with a good mark . 
  that kinda reduce the motivation . 
  and you do not have parents to complain about you not having to go to the classes . 
  they would have close to none support in poland . 
   catholics hate everybody wtf more like bigots hate everybody . 
  there are really many immigrants from ukraine here . 
  if course , ours `` many '' does n't mean the same what it means in for example sweden . 
  subsidising drilling ? 
  are you mad ? 
  so we clearly see , that when ruling parties have communism as a goal , people suffer . 
  so if someone acts like a dickhead , that means you have to act like a dickhead too ? 
  asylum seekers ! = immigration . 
  you still have us citizenship if you are born in detroit , while getting us visa is a pain in the ass . 
  have recently german parliament honored hitler with minute of silence ? 
  because that is what ukrainian parliament did . 
  we use nearly perfect time zone in poland . 
  sunrise at 8 am would be perfectly acceptable . 
  yeah , i 'd rather keep dst whole year and do not have to deal with sunset at 3 pm . 
  yeah , stalin waited carefully to let whole blame go to germans . 
  romania is definitely one of the least known countries in poland . 
  besides gypsies most people do not have any associations . 
  things was better , when we shared a border . 
  tusk/juncker are compared to average wage in whole eu ? 
  oh yeah , because being stabbed in the back when involved in france would be better for hitler . 
  why buy beryls when you can buy new msbs ? 
  yeah , because carbs are the best . 
  cygan - gypsy . 
  second from the right . 
  yes , they were so harshly discriminated , that they flocked here from whole of europe before ww2 , as opposed to , let 's say germany . 
  yeah , over 3 million jews settled here just because we hated them most . 
  they even ironically called poland `` paradisus iudaeorum '' . 
  we hated jews so much , that nearly every pole - a staggering percentage of less 0.1 % helped germans exterminate them . 
  jesus , i ca n't believe that this propaganda is still alive . 
  [ you soviers were far more efficient in genociding poles . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_ ( 1937 % e2 % 80 % 9338 )  in the belorussian ssr ... the polish minority was almost completely annihilated . 
  you just needed us after ww2 . 
  neither in 1938 , nor in 1990 , official name of poland was n't polish people 's republic . 
  do not start with those `` unconditional surrender '' bullshit , and operate with rommel and remains of wehrmacht against soviets . 
  it would cost mostly german blood . 
  sad that roosevelt and uncle joe were best buddies at that time . 
  [ i wonder how much this will have to be pasted . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjgyv/with_headquarters_in_poland_the_united_kingdom/cka0p6t ), 
  it 's not like communists destroyed old buildings in purpose here ( at least , not so much ) . 
  the problem in poland were that some cities had to be rebuilt from scratch - warszawa , wroc\u0142aw , gda\u0144sk and so on ... 
  if you are trying to accomodate whole nation after war , caring about monuments and old buildings is the least of your worries . 
  that being said , old centres have been rebuild in many cities , particularly those mentioned earlier . 
  they have the best gdp per capita ( slovenia does n't count ) , hovewer they have started with biggest one . 
  english was n't important enough to be included ? 
  no russian ? 
  i imagine it could be useful in some trains or stations . 
  it could be that without nazis stalin 's armies would go much further than germany . 
  soviets did n't make 22 thousand tanks before the war just to defend themselves , the idea of exporting the revolution was n't dead before invention of nuclear weapons . 
  this reminds me about info stickers in polish trains . 
  for some reason , polish railways used [ stickers ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/0/9936/z9936960x.jpg ) which had information written in every language used nearby ( obv . 
  polish , russian , german , french , even italian ) but english . 
  i think it changed now . 
  he left his country in better space than he found it ? 
  you mean without those tens of millions kulaks , counterrevolutionists , poles , tatars , cossacks and hundreds of other groups he send to die in gulag ? 
  polish highways too . 
  the thing is - toll road does n't mean it is profitable . 
  trains too - at least deutsche bahn and polish railways ( which run hst service since december ) are heavily subsidised . 
  high cost of building necessary infrastructure means that even they might be profitable when built - and probably are - but break even point is very far in time , making such an investment entirely private unprofitable . 
  thus , a state intervention is needed . 
   roads routinely pay for themselves , which is why toll roads run by private organizations exist . 
  oh yeah , few roads between big aglomerations . 
  or in very dense populated area . 
  but all roads ? 
  nope . 
  sometimes net gain from building something not directly paying off is way bigger than cost , for example high speed trains , especially when taking time into account . 
  exactly my point . 
  since when transport investments have to directly pay off ? 
  when does german autobahns paid off ? 
  would helsinki - tallinn tunnel be train only , just like eurotunnel ? 
  and recently another ~ 120 . 
  you 're reinforcing his point instead of taking it seriously, 
  what the fuck , this is serious concern in poland and germany , given our age pytamid and tfr . 
  this is voivodeship with biggest german minority . 
  `` only 11 '', 
  for example , gini coefficient is falling . 
  they still work 40 hours a week , 5 days . 
  just on different days . 
  yeah , i like them too . 
  i just thought that you had some super high end gmo fries . 
  low budget ? 
  so what is the expensive version ? 
  most poles could talk to czechs and slovaks without problems , using our native languages . 
  we do not count them too . 
  nah , we have plans to spend up to 43 bln $ only for new stuff in 10 years . 
  new submarines , anti-aircraft missles , ifvs , helicopters and plenty other stuff . 
  russia does not let us to wait .
