  nobody would want an eastern european product , lets stop kidding ourselves . 
  you are proving his point . 
  he 's right . 
  instead of rewarding those , who break our laws , let 's help those really in need . 
  we took loans earlier , in the beginning of 70s . 
  at first there was great progress in the standard of living . 
  then at the end of 70s everything went to shit , because source of money has ended . 
  the lines and nothing in shops was the same in poland , communists really fucked up 80s here . 
  so labour is pro-fptp ? 
  we fought for you once . 
  will do the same , even if we 'll get fucked again . 
  if you do not want to , please leave nato . 
  wyborcza is very biased . 
  i 'd take even cbos poll over theirs . 
  yet iran still stones people . 
  and your companies get free access to our market and cheap labor , which they are massively benefitting from . 
  54 % of wyborcza readers maybe . 
  no , russian gas has to flow through ukraine . 
  we do n't want to do to them what you did to us . 
  also , trade unions are mostly a thing in a government owned companies or offices . 
  because we will take an equal amount or more people who did n't broke our laws ? 
  jews can not be refugees . 
  noted . 
  not only you . 
  and someone says there are not a lot of muslims in britain ? 
  it was extremely easy to cross border before schengen , you just had to flash your passport to the officer . 
  suburbanisation . 
  any data to support your claims ? 
  [ yeah . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab6g1mxmex4 ), 
  i do n't know . 
  we do n't have welfare state tho , so if they do not want to work and integrate they will probably go there . 
  of course . 
  for example , in contrary to arab refugees most migrants from ukraine are women . 
  coefficient of marriages between poles and ukrainians is much bigger than with any other migrant group . 
  no , hundreds of thousands of them come here . 
  minority of them go further west , because they can easily integrate with polish culture , which is similiar to ukrainian one . 
  and the life is easily much better than in ukraine , they do not need the swedish welfare to enjoy life . 
  we do not accept refugees from eastern ukraine here , because western ukraine is perfectly safe . 
  we do accept hundreds of thousands economic migrants , who work and integrate . 
  to read the full story , subscribe or sign in  there have been plenty such complaints from rebels if you follow journalists that report from the field . 
  they would fucking complain if they got an nimitz carrier and a shitload of f-22s , that 's their job . 
   seriously , if you had the backing of the most powerful and sophisticated military in the world you would n't be able to beat the failed syrian state for 4 years ??? 
  maybe because ordinary syrians does n't really want their government gone in favour of isis fifth column ? 
   majors in demand this ended 2 years ago . 
   in june 2012 , the central intelligence agency was reported to be involved in covert operations along the turkish-syrian border , where agents investigated rebel groups , recommending arms providers which groups to give aid to . 
  agents also helped opposition forces develop supply routes , and provided them with communications training . 
  [ 83 ] cia operatives distributed assault rifles , anti-tank rocket launchers and other ammunition to syrian opposition . 
  the state department has reportedly allocated $ 15 million for civilian opposition groups in syria . 
  [ 10 ]  in july 2012 , the united states government granted a non-governmental organization called syrian support group a license to fund the free syrian army . 
   oh good , another string of conspiracy theories . 
  [ this is in fucking wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_involvement_in_the_syrian_civil_war#united_states )  and you actually believe that there is n't a single soul in syria , besides the kurds , that would love to get rid of assad 's regime ? 
  there are , just like there are americans who would like to get rid of obama , brits of cameron , or poles of kopacz . 
  they just are n't relevant . 
  they are fragmented , divided and unable to form any stable government now and in the future . 
  just look at libya . 
  what happened there , would happen in syria if us would get rid of assad , just 100 times worse - because of existence of those damn isis goat fuckers . 
  and they build those societies they are running from . 
  because all eu borders should be protected like that . 
  including eu 's eastern border . 
  as long as it 's not special greece help fund , we 'll be ok with it . 
  especially if you sell this to the public as money spend on keeping those damn muslims away . 
  oh yeah , the paternalistic speech . 
  the isis are only real enemy , rest was created by usa by giving them weapons and crippling syrian army 's ability to deal with them . 
  the only real factions are syrian government , isis and kurds . 
   we 're in this mess  this mess is isis . 
  no , problem is that us harmed the syrian military 's ability to crush the rebels and isis . 
   it is assad who 's responsible for most of the atrocities fucking watch one isis video and tell that again . 
  assad is an angel compared to those fuckers . 
  germany did n't even started total war before 1943 , and production peaked in 1944 . 
  in reality , the germans did n't take this war seriously in the beginning . 
  it was russia who had 22 thousand tanks vs 4 thousand german ones in 1941 . 
  also , the fighting against the entirety of europe is bullshit as well . 
  so now assad is the cause of isis ? 
  wtf . 
  more relevant than ruch narodowy , lol . 
  they have an actual chance to get into sejm . 
  they care because they were part of the anglosphere . 
  last published official median is around 3100 pln . 
  data is from when average salary was around 3900 pln , so you can extrapolate . 
  well , that 's polish `` brutto '' lie . 
  the `` before '' taxes does n't include taxes paid by employer . 
  to see amount which employer really spends on one employee , you must add 16,81 % to the before tax sum . 
  so in reality to get 3k , employer have to pay 5k . 
  you might think this is not very much looking at your western welfare states etc , but in reality in uk you would n't pay any tax if you would earn the equivalent of 5000 pln ( 862 gbp ) . 
  in germany you would pay less than 10 % . 
  4214 pln ( 994 eur ) before , 3003 pln ( 708 eur ) after taxes . 
  median is much lower - unfortunately , statistical office only publish median results every two years . 
  last time when average income was ~ 3900 pln before taxes , median was around ~ 3100 pln . 
  that makes only 2226 pln ( 525 eur ) after taxes . 
  so you can imagine now median is around 2300-2400 pln after taxes . 
  haha , it 's 19,99 pln here ( 4.71 eur ), 
   a ) no we 're not . 
  most eastern european countries take out about as much as they put in . 
  poland being the exception , but also the big success story we might get the most in pure numbers , but there are countries taking more per capita . 
  yeah , totally no people suffer in ukraine . 
  then trofim lysenko appears and fucks up your theory . 
  possesion of illegal knife ? 
  wtf ?
