  that 's the problem . 
  germany , uk , france , italy and spain . 
  we 're 6th . 
   why do you have to turn this into a rant and an argument ? 
  i know we are x , i am telling you that we are x and you still say `` you are x you are x '' . 
  that 's part of his destiny , fulfilling the serbian stereotype . 
  mercedes is cool . 
  king zog sounds cool . 
  also , we have a real king of albania in poland . 
  they have sophisticated weapons . 
  they ca n't effectively use them . 
  monies  no monies . 
  or we can make money and their army will still be shit . 
  and we will have more monies . 
  sounds good to me . 
  that 's the whole point , they do n't do it more efficiently with better weapons since their army is shit . 
  they can kill them as well with their older panavia tornados . 
  it 's just in symmetric confilict they do n't have a chance with anybody . 
  selling weapons to ksa is okey . 
  their military is so shit anyway that they literally give us money for shining toys . 
  you can definitely learn english in polish school if you do not half ass everything you do and have some minimal exposure outside school . 
  like playing games . 
  there 's a difference between calling himself catholic and going to church two days in year , and devout evangelism like in us , with all the praying and bible reading . 
  that does n't happen here . 
  unless he had something to do with the reasons we are approving eu membership , i do not see a reason to be gratified . 
  why do you think approval to membership in eu has something to do with germany ? 
  you know , people have families and shit . 
  that 's like half the minimum salary . 
  and money . 
  eh that was a thing like 10 years ago . 
  wages . 
  they obviously snort it . 
  try getting an h1b or other working visa . 
  it 's very painful process . 
  not to mention the fact that whether you will be accepted depends on lottery . 
  uk 's voice is often voice of reason , therefore i would prefer if you stay . 
  yeah , nobody joined eu for gay rights . 
  and you let us so you can get that cheap labor , not to spread democracy or some shit . 
  eh that 's just pointless, 
  russians no longer call china \u041a\u0438\u0442\u0430\u0439 ? 
  it could die like in romania , where some commie bastards were executed . 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa guaranteed that they would live comfortable life with outrageous pensions . 
  maintanence . 
  upkeep . 
  cost of elevator repairs , cleaning common space , painting , improving insulation . 
  in the long run , we 're all dead . 
  you compared two countries , x and y. x commited genocide , y did not . 
  people blame both countries for commiting genocide . 
  there is a discussion , where people from country y deny commiting genocide . 
  and your comment : `` x vociferously denying genocide comes to mind . 
  the tribalism here is laughable . '', 
  i 'm not in favour of state aid . 
  comparing us to turkey , which did their own genocide is clearly saying we are to blame for holocaust . 
  i 'm not for aid . 
  i 'm for normal free market without state favoring any type of companies . 
  worse ? 
  you mean better . 
  and get the same amount of fructose . 
  fruits are naturally sweet . 
  so creating empty jobs , which could be easily replaced by more efficient structure is your idea of economic development ? 
  good job . 
  well , ireland 's column leaves over 50 % of expenses not in this five categories . 
  tbh i 'm not really saving on food and i 'm living in warsaw , which is poland 's most expensive city . 
  i have very good graph : [ share of particular categories of expenses in households in europe ] ( http://hoga.pl/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/wykres-1.jpg ) first blue : property maintanence red : food green : clothes and shoes violet : transport second blue : communication, 
  it 's all good , because i do know . 
  poland had 880 `` tanks '' - most of them being tk-3 or tks tankettes . 
  they could only have fighting chance with panzer i tanks . 
  we had about 140 7tp tanks - comparable with panzer ii . 
  nothing comparable with panzer iii or panzer iv tanks . 
  also , ~ 100 archaic ft-17 tanks . 
  without any value in fight . 
  tanks : germany had over 3000 tanks . 
  most of them were panzer i and panzer ii . 
  germans had ~ 300 czechoslovak pz-35 ( t ) and pz-38 ( t ) tanks - better than anything poland had . 
  also , 120 pz iii and pz iv - even those early versions outclassed everything . 
  aircraft : poland had 279 fighters and 232 bombers . 
  fighters - mostly pzl p. 11 and pzl p. 7 were obsolete compared to german bf-109d / e or me-110c . 
  bombers were better - pzl-37b were at least comparable to german he-111 or do-17 . 
  pzl-23 kara\u015b were decent too . 
  however , due to german air superiority they did n't really matter . 
  german aircraft had 771 bf-109 and 408 me-110c . 
  that 's 4:1 superiority . 
  also , 1180 normal bombers ( he-111 , do-17 , very few ju-88 ) and 376 diving bombers - ju-87 . 
  there was also 2,5:1 difference in artillery , not including fact that bulk of polish artillery was from ww1 period . 
  and predecessor of mg42 - mg34 was widely available at german troops in 1939 . 
  last but not least - [ fucking idiotic strategy ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/poland1939_germanplanmap.jpg ) . 
  1,6:1 is counting only pure manpower , assuming we did in fact mobilize . 
  we did n't finish mobilization . 
  looking at any other measure , for example tank number or aircraft size tells different story , not even counting difference in quality . 
  of course , german tactics were way ahead of time at this moment and would beat idiotic `` let 's defend every inch of polish soil '' strategy . 
  and you fucking said it . 
  of course only thing you 're here for is to shift the blame of holocaust on us . 
  yeah , that was fucking troubled past . 
  6 million poles ( 22 % of the population ) was killed by germans and russians . 
  that is really troubled past , i would n't really wish anyone that past . 
  you 're fucking blaming the people for whom even giving food to jew could mean death of entire family , while your own citizens happily commited genocides against native americans to fucking get rich . 
  communist propaganda after israel aligned with western nations . 
  that would probably have a better effect at destroying german morale . 
  maybe long-range version would be deterrent ? 
  surely you could wreak havoc in neighboring german cities .
