  extreme majority of people are hired through conventional channels and that will not change . 
   here 's the thing about that . 
  you have to be good at that , at least good enough . 
  because the rule for the next few decades is : `` if your job can be done by a computer , it will '' . 
  so the one thing that you have as a human is your ability to present and relate to other humans , or be creative , anything else is in the front line of automation or outsourcing to a new african country that has the internet . 
  so , in a increasingly automated world the most important skill would be human interaction , which is entirely counterpoint of automating things ? 
  nowadays i do n't have to talk with anybody from bank about my account . 
  i can even split every expense with my friends without having to talk to them . 
  the user facing jobs are going away , not the skilled jobs . 
  not everybody will be in management like you would be . 
  the actual example i had was `` i will employ this tattooed middle aged dude with an impressive github portfolio who has n't had a job for a year , over the certificated university blokes . '', 
  this was for the bbc . 
  apparently , it was a good choice . 
   there 's a lot that goes into employment calculations . 
  the more people you 're competing with , the more arbitrary those calculations get . 
  and employers are usually betting you 're going to have a few months of getting your head around what you 're doing anyway , so why not go for good enough skills and a show of initiative . 
   this is n't always the case . 
  there 's way too many `` want 2 years of experience in the industry , and 4 years experience in blah '' , but that 's management trying to filter our as many people as possible . 
  or someone in hr being bad at their job . 
  oh yeah , the portfolios and such . 
  that 's not not doing anything . 
  but if you 're talking about such a undersaturated market , i do n't know why bother to do anything . 
  essentially it 's the jobs who are looking for me , not vice versa . 
  that 's not the case for most people and especially for the erasmus graduates with impressive drinking skills but no real , hard skills whatsoever . 
   those are companies trying to grab people young and cheap before they know better . 
  idk - most of them are western companies who try to import quality talent . 
  and pay infinitely better and have better working condtions than local corporation or company owned by local `` janusz biznesu '' . 
  what do you want people to do ? 
  start companies right after university ? 
  that 's the recipe for disaster i think . 
   but the banks circling around computing science departments waiting to waste 5 years of a young person 's life draining them until they decide they had enough is not promising . 
  you had some bad experiences ? 
  i 'm not familiar with working at bank at all . 
   actually it happens the other way around . 
  you find out the company has openings , you tell your friend to send a cv . 
  but yeah , that 's kind of it . 
  and simply knowing there 's a position available is enormous amounts of help . 
  oh , so whole of this `` networking '' could be done as easily as looking at job search sites and job board at university ? 
  ok .  `` what you 're best at , is what you love doing '' yeah . 
  that 's how you become best at something . 
  by doing it . 
  the amount of people i know sent into the wrong direction because of `` what they are best at '' , i could tell you . 
  the long and short of the lesson is `` what you 're best at , is what you love doing '' . 
  because when you have to re-learn your job every year or so , it pays to actually have a passion for the thing . 
  this is something the over-specialized math-info departments back home had no idea of . 
  so they shoved people who should have been given better direction in life , into something they hated because `` they could do math '' . 
  people who could draw , and might have made it big in graphic design , `` shove them in architecture '' . 
  show a small proficiency to memory `` shove them in medical . '', 
  high schools in eastern europe are like factories of regret and wasted talent . 
  i think you have really bad experience with your school . 
  in my opinion , this attitude grants opportunities , and it 's not at all about `` shoving '' people somewhere . 
  you have classes you can attend , clubs , even themed camps . 
  there are national olympiads in different subjects and we are encouraged to participate . 
  most people i know are happy about their choices and there is no problem to change class if you do n't like it . 
   yeah , they are paying for the volunteering , the direction in doing it , the public speaking/presentation lessons , so and so forth . 
  it 's part of the international baccalaureate program . 
  we had ib at my school . 
  i do n't think it was paid though , and it was public school . 
  mostly people who want to be businessman/managers go there . 
  i do n't really like this approach , public speaking et cetera . 
  better to leave this to people who enjoy it and are good at it . 
  but yeah , if that 's what you want go for it . 
  also for the volunteering - people really disliked forced volunteering and was very `` creative '' at passing this . 
   better than nothing . 
  living under the bridge is quite the definition of nothing for me . 
   these days i 'm finding myself fixing the broken misconceptions of university students from the east who need to be told `` do projects , join clubs , start companies/volunteering '' because that cv needs to show some shine and go to the hackathons/networking events . 
  because they 're parents told that what you seem to thing : `` study hard and people will notice '' . 
  hah , i wish . 
  yeah , `` i 'm going to employ this inexperienced novice programmer over this java expert because he spend a month in puppy shelter ! '' . 
  just what the fuck . 
  also ,  hackathons is part of learning . 
  learning how to work in groups . 
  you seem to have a skewed idea of how studying looks like . 
  it 's stem , not medicine . 
  you do n't learn mathematics by reading or staring at book . 
  you need to talk about mathematics . 
  you need to talk especially if you have any problem . 
  because progress in subjects such as this are not linear to time spend on learning . 
   technical colleges they are not colleges , they are vocational schools . 
  on high school level , not after it . 
   but doing them should be a private market based decision . 
  well obviously . 
  you can work hard and pass the bar for going to high school or go to vocational school . 
  you can work hard in that instance too . 
  right now you can go to very weak high school and waste three years of your life when you could do something useful . 
   having an `` algorithm '' based on anything else than learning ability will create market distortions . 
  there are finite places at universities . 
  right now the number is based on number of people who finished high school during population boom - like over 500 000 finishing high school . 
  there are 300 000 now and the number of places is way too high . 
  there needs to be decrease of places without decrease of funding . 
   free education yes . 
  even too free - people who never should obtain higher education waste 3-5 years of their lives on university , while they should obtain vocational education like in germany . 
   student bursaries not free , and you have to be very lucky to get one . 
  my university ( top 1 in poland ) has 2500 beds for over 50000 students . 
  also , they are quite price if you would count price per m ^ 2 of personal space . 
   i mentioned somewhere else that the major weakness of stem education in eastern europe is that students do n't have the connections or the education to get those connections to leverage it . 
  idk , there are quite a lot of companies coming to us and trying to employ us . 
  i 'd rather have university to teach us important stuff and not push some strange social agendas . 
   you cut them off from doing it in erasmus , and you might just get a bunch of highly educated unemployed people . 
  `` we need experienced aerospace engineer , why do n't we employ my drinking partner from erasmus , with whom we spend half a year drinking , smoking and not attending lectures ? '',
