  they do not require experience besides algorithmic background , and the pay is best in the world . 
  you do really think software engineers are treated like that ? 
   poland 32,5 % higher than slovakia , ireland , which are growing faster than us . 
  just no . 
   relaxed attitude towards formalities that euphemism . 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  thanks for answer . 
  us promised someone f22s ? 
  why would you not threaten to use it on enemy 's land ? 
  that 's what they said in the 20 's, 
  well , you were part of the triple alliance before the war , then france made better offer and you allied with entente . 
  there were two world wars . 
  why be scared when you have 22000 tanks ? 
  invalid votes ? 
  i strongly believe deciding to vote on someone based only on stance on one policy is unreasonable . 
  if they had tougher stance on this , maybe they would not accomplish anything about other policies . 
  and even if they would not ... simple question : if more people thought like you before , and lib dems would be in weaker position in this coalition , or there would be only tory government , would tuition fees be smaller , or scrapped ? 
  nope , they would be higher . 
  so voting lib dems is still good move , when you do not like tuition fees . 
  [ what they write on their website seems fair to me . 
  ] ( http://www.libdems.org.uk/get_the_facts_student_finance# ), 
  maintaining status quo ? 
  jesus , what an stubborn idealism . 
  oh yeah , obviously few dozens of people who removed the immediate effects of catastrophe died . 
  when i said no one died i ment no one died in poland . 
  nothing really happened , besides hysterical reaction . 
  no one died because of this accident . 
   people often buy a flat when they have a long-term-partner . 
  add another salary to your equation . 
  people get married at 28 , at average . 
  so you can add only 2 years of salary . 
   parents often help young people at first , for example you can live with them ( and a lot of poles do it for a few years after graduating ) . 
  assuming they live in the same place . 
  many people , including me , moved from small town to big city for studies . 
  i ca n't live with them - there is no well paid work for professionals in small towns . 
  additionally i have to pay rent - which is n't very high when you live with roommates , but high enough to be significant burden . 
  if i could live with parents whole time , i would save around 100k . 
   also in poland 55m2 seems to be the average , not 70m2 . 
  that does n't fit into your success story . 
  55m ^ 2 is not convenient for a family of four . 
   it depends , but it 's certainly possible ( i 'm one example btw , and i had some not-too-well paying jobs in the past ) , and without `` surviving '' . 
  yeah , i do not deny it . 
  you have to work hard and smart , and have some other things going for you , like the parents thing , or finding life partner soon enough . 
  which easily pushes you into top 5 % of people easily . 
  eh , the real difference between expressways and highways in poland is only in lane width : 3,75 m in highway and 3,5 in expressway . 
  and expressways are free . 
   cause there 's already a motorway on a significant part of that route  yeah . 
  you 're going 150 km more , and your only advantage is that those 150 kms are on highways . 
   hosting nazi concentration camps jesus . 
  if i break to your house , kill your wife and children , would you be responsible for hosting crime scene ? 
  you overestimate our ( or , at least , our interwar politicians ) ability to assimilate people . 
  this volhynian experiment resulted not in tying of ukrainians to poland , but in [ volhynian massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia ), 
   he is talking about a motorway from polish seaside that does n't change anything . 
  s7 will be build anyway , same with every road besides rzesz\u00f3w -  border . 
   warsaw - new motorway -  krak\u00f3w - a4 -  rzeszow  in poland i doubt building motorway rzeszow -  warsaw is possible before building one to krakow . 
  why would you go from warsaw to rzesz\u00f3w through krak\u00f3w ? 
  route through lublin is definitely shorter and more obvious , taking into account fact that s17 to lublin will be completed around 2020 , with advanced works on s19 to rzesz\u00f3w , with many parts completed . 
  and most of s7 to krak\u00f3w will be completed in 2017 , only fragment in ma\u0142opolskie will remain . 
  i do not really know nothing about existing plans of other countries , but i suspect that some plans for koszyce - miszkolc and debreczyn - cluj exist . 
  probably the same inside romania . 
  real problem would probably be rzesz\u00f3w - presz\u00f3w . 
  i would like to see it more at local level , not much at higher levels . 
  people can take care of their backyard well . 
  this would require big investments in infrastructure in every involved country - rzesz\u00f3w - koszyce - debreczyn - cluj - galati highway . 
  and i do not think this highway would be widely used . 
  the amount of those misleaded wordings makes me think , that not only idiots misunderstands those statements . 
   imports are generally not purchased each month . 
  of course . 
  but you generally buy new phone every ~ 2 years . 
  it makes a difference , if you have to save half a year , or a month . 
  the same with car every few years , computers ( yeah , they are fucking expensive ) and other luxury items . 
  how much you spend on them dictates how much you can spend on cheaper domestic `` luxury '' items , like beer . 
  yes , i definitely agree . 
  i just say that american middle class do not use public transport , besides some exceptions like nyc . 
   poland does n't seem to have any reason to drastically increase its defence spendings , especially when it has other priorities . 
  this does n't mean it should n't have a reliable army , but there 's a middle ground . 
  we 're not going to spend 9 % of pkb on military , like we did before ww2 . 
  it 's 2 % , and france spends more than that . 
  could you give examples ? 
  i 'm curious what we sell to romania . 
  we had another joke : our trade relations with ussr are excellent . 
  we send them coal , they take grain from us in exchange . 
  for poor people , yeah . 
  not if you take `` luxuries '' like tv or phone in account . 
  iphone in poland costs two median salaries , while in finland you can buy 4 for median salary . 
   own their own flats at 30-35 lol , i do not know how you can own flat while being 30 and earning 2 average wages . 
  let 's assume you work for 10 years , earning 8000 z\u0142 brutto . 
  of course that 's unreasonable - while you 're student , or for the first few years you will earn significantly less than 8k . 
  that 's 5640 after taxes . 
  in 10 years you 'll make 676800z\u0142 . 
  let 's look at flat prices . 
  median prices for 1 m ^ 2 in warsaw are 7133z\u0142 . 
  medium sized flat has 70 m ^ 2 . 
  it costs around 499310z\u0142 , half a fucking milion . 
  it does n't include mortgage costs , of course . 
  but let 's assume that you saved all that money . 
  it leaves you with 176800z\u0142 for 10 years , which mean you have to live on 1473z\u0142 . 
  living ... where ? 
  buying a car with that money ? 
  trips ?
