  two countries ca n't just make third country do something against will of the citizens of third country . 
  without using force , of course . 
   sorry is n't that exactly how democracy is supposed to work ? 
  democracy is about germans choosing what to do in germany and poles deciding what to do in poland . 
  not germans deciding what to do in poland . 
  that ended 70 years ago . 
   sorry , but i simply think your countries are in the minority here . 
  so sue us when we do not take the immigrants . 
  whatever . 
  mental shortcut - it 's obvious that france , italy , netherlands , sweden and other countries will vote against us on issues like immigrants too . 
  we now have only v4 , romania and probably baltics . 
  also , many governments ( like our previous ) are german minions when it comes to external and eu politics . 
  i disagree with last point of the democracy rant . 
  this proposal was accepted in a vote , yet it wo n't come into effect . 
  they did not came with anything . 
  nicea system of voting was used before lisbon treaty . 
  i reject democratic processes over the level of country . 
  if germans can outvote us on any issue , that means i do n't want my country to participate in eu . 
  our government unilaterally declared that we reject any quota system since paris attacks . 
  if you try to change it by political pressure or force , yes , that would be forcing us . 
  i did not vote in eu referendum . 
  i would n't vote for eu membership precisely because of this reason . 
  previous government agreed . 
  now we have new government . 
  wonder why the change . 
  the difference is that we are not a group of angry people . 
  we are a real country , with military , administration , real executive power and million other things . 
  when we really do n't want shit like this to happen ... well , sue us or whatever . 
  you ca n't force us without using force . 
  wonder why brits and others want to leave the eu . 
  you had the fucking luck of being far from them . 
  i 'm sure that this unbearable suffering of 5 million norwegian people is more relevant than lower energy and petrol bills of 500 million eu . 
  low oil and gas prices are actually very good for europe . 
  what is wrong with firewood donations ? 
  well , moscow wages are higher than regular polish ones . 
  cost of living too . 
  we simply can . 
  if your regular \u0418\u0432\u0430\u043d could buy a ticket to london for 5-20 eur and start working immediately , russia would depopulate much quicker . 
  yeah , ussr had 22 thousand tanks near the western border in 1941 . 
  5,5 times what germany had . 
  yet they fucking lost the early phase of the war - mostly because stupid stalin decisions . 
  they do n't seem to be content when given food without queues and bombings too . 
  look at our new government , two members believe in chemtrails . 
  nah , we are . 
  yeah , though use of sklep in this context is outdated . 
  they buy new cars ? 
  yeah , all shops , like portuguese-owned biedronka . 
  no fee from what i know . 
   i mean `` direct transfer '' as in those that do n't need your permission every time , like the house bills and stuff like that , you can authorize them to just take the money from your bank account monthly and never worry about paying on time . 
  i never did it directly from my bank 's site , so i 'm not sure how it works there . 
  probably the same as doing it from an atm , i guess . 
  you probably can , but in my mind this goes against the whole idea of a prepaid . 
   if not , how do you guys transfer funds to prepaid phones ? 
  you can buy fixed amount in 95 % of shops . 
  my bank 's website has an option to transfer funds too . 
  i always had contract i 'm not sure if there is another way . 
   except maybe direct transfer from your bank amount , but those need to be scheduled why scheduled ? 
  you go on a website , press some buttons and it 's done . 
   is this method available in other countries too ? 
  this is the first time i heard about it , so i do n't think it exists or is popular in poland . 
   it 's way easier to get rid of too much weight than to get rid of alcoholism . 
  in my country , belgium , 8 % of the population has alcoholism . 
  in eastern europe up to 11 % of the population has alcoholism , these are gigantic numbers . 
  it 's way easier to get rid of too much weight than to get rid of alcoholism . 
  in my country , belgium , 8 % of the population has alcoholism . 
  in eastern europe up to 11 % of the population has alcoholism , these are gigantic numbers . 
  and way over 30 % of americans are obese . 
  it 's fucking hard to lose weight when you are over certain weight , because you still need to consume your `` drug '' , you ca n't just cut it like drinking . 
  i 'm not saying leaving alcohol addition is easy or trying to diminish the struggle , but do n't underestimate eating disorders effects . 
  so what do they do with that money ? 
  your food costs nearly same as here , and electronics , computer stuff and imported things are cheaper usually . 
  i know about housing cost in ny/sf but most americans do n't live in those places , and even if they live there , they earn significantly more . 
  what do you mean by `` transfering money to your cellphone '' ? 
  it used to be the case , but getting account without those fees now is n't the problem . 
  we have a saying that telling gross wage is like measuring dick together with a spine . 
  and in poland '' \u043c\u0430\u0433\u0430\u0437\u0438\u043d '' means warehouse . 
  same thing . 
  i can not fathom that a person from latvia thinks somehow we are at fault here . 
  we use the same word for borrow and lend . 
  yeah , at least syrians are amongst most progressive people in this world . 
  he can plan as much as he wants from wawel 's crypts . 
  bieszczady are much smaller and easier to cross ( though more remote ) . 
  you 'll never hear this here . 
  well , there are more people in nyc metropolitan area than in sweden too . 
  we knew from the beginning that when ukraine or serbia joins we would have to repay everything . 
  nuclear energy !, 
  really , putting czech republic as an example and ignoring past 600 years of history of church there is so fucking ignorant . 
  read about jan hus or battle of white mountain and see why czechs have a real reason to hate the church . 
  the 80s were much worse in poland than in czechoslovakia . 
   more hours of religion than physics , math and chemistry combined lel, 
  right . 
  that 's why kukiz or korwin have highest results outside the country . 
  you do n't have to go to ethics too . 
  my school offered those and i did not go for those reasons as you . 
  wtf , religion is no way obligatory . 
  source : i did not attend religion . 
  average salary in 2005 was 22 % of german one , now it is 26 % . 
  yeah but not psl . 
  eh , not if pis plans on strengthen presidential power in new constitution . 
  it would lower their power .
