  you have missed data from original post . 
  there is no group that lost real income in last 20 years . 
   who the heck says i 'm talking about inflation ? 
  living expenses are and have been increasing and wages are stagnant , todays money buys not nearly the same what it did 20 years ago are you mad ? 
  20 years ago i could sustain a family on one middle class income here with a home , that 's not possible anymore , we 're going to spend five times as much on apartments as we did back then because homes are insanely pricey and rent keeps skyrocketing . 
  and that is just trying to anecdotal prove imaginary point . 
   i count stagnated growth of income as a loss when cost of living expenses rise at the same time . 
  the people we 've cheaply imported stuff from ? 
  the cost of them is rising , the cost for the formerly cheap clothes and various other goods is rising . 
  the cost of food is rising , the cost of housing is rising . 
  our wages ? 
  stagnant . 
  graph clearly says real wages - that means inflation counted - are stagnant . 
  so you can buy exactly the same as 20 years ago , not counting rising quality of goods . 
   it does n't matter how fucking wealthy the ultra-rich are getting off globalism , how does it help the common man ? 
  that 's what matters . 
  the common man is not in the top 20 percentile . 
  danes may be . 
   if we do n't answer this question we will end up getting the populists you dislike in power , because like it or not people vote in their own interests and they 're starting to believe that this whole globalism thing is n't actually helping them . 
  this is moment when you lose . 
  the only way to be in top 20 % is to be better than 80 % . 
  that 's why i like globalism , it 's great equalizer . 
  the historically lucky nations no longer have advantage over anyone . 
   we 're supposed to vote in our own interests tho i do n't really agree with that . 
  that encourages hardcore populism greece style , aka be corrupt as fuck as long something comes my way . 
   noble as it might be judging from the graph it certainly does n't benefit them . 
  they are not losing too , unless you count lack of growth as lose . 
   still , that sort of idealism does n't affect the common man , cost of living increases as quickly as it did before but our wages do n't follow , this article disproves that . 
  of course there are places where this happens , but it 's evened out in other places . 
  eh colder than -25 happens rarely . 
  there was like -35 in 2005 or 2006 . 
  as you see in the provided graph , roughly 80 % of earth 's population . 
  no , that 's our thing . 
  the little differences . 
  huh . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  why do french people type space before exclamation mark ? 
  it looks so wrong . 
  well , that 's valid reason . 
  well , that 's valid reason . 
  well , that 's valid reason . 
  but why ? 
  what you personally gain from it ? 
  you do n't cross the road on red light too ? 
  what would you do with it ? 
  99,99 % of them end up in nearest trash bin anyway . 
  yeah but why would you care if you personally are paying taxes . 
  why would you care if tax has been paid ? 
  i do n't need another useless paper in my life . 
  [ glorious tallest building in the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_radio_mast?wprov=sfla1 ), 
  people buy way less services though , because they have no money . 
  so change the definition of average voter , and use dominant values instead of average , and you 'll get what churchill ment . 
  there are 100 % free newspapers here . 
  they are loaded with ads . 
  those roads are build by strabag , skanska , dragados etc. 
  those who have cars other than 20 year old german golf or passat , of course . 
  it needs to be washed . 
  [ see 1955 version . 
  ] ( http://ocdn.eu/pulscms-transforms/1/ai6ktkpturbxy8wztc5yze3y2rjmwuznmm4mgmyytc1ngrmzmm3nmnimy5qcgetlqlnaxqawsovagdnavjcw5uh2tivchvsc2ntcy9nrefflzfknzrjyjqxnza1otuwndm2nji5y2fizdywnmy1mgy2lnbuzwfcaa ), 
   is n't the pope supposed to be infallible ? 
  `` when , in the exercise of his office as shepherd and teacher of all christians , in virtue of his supreme apostolic authority , he defines a doctrine concerning faith or morals to be held by the whole church . '', 
  well , at least something happened . 
  for years no one gave a fuck . 
  rest of polish projects look sensible as well . 
  are you slavs or are czechs germanics ? 
  do n't you have some common austria-hungary nostalgia ? 
  it 's quite common in southern poland . 
  can you read ? 
  we did n't get `` aid '' . 
  we were n't gifted free monies like greeks after many years in eu . 
  you got 40 % more per capita than poland in last 5 years . 
  everything we got was part of business deal , giving up parts of our industry and becoming german assembly plant . 
  and giving up on 2 million young people , who emigrated since joining eu , who wo n't be paying taxes here . 
  we have 2 million people and fully open market for german corporations . 
  it was always business deal . 
  `` more active '' do n't necessarily mean `` more shoving german ideas onto everybody '' . 
  this is not about `` minorities '' . 
  if you banned ** everyone ** from attending school , yes , it would n't be a discrimination . 
  it would be plain stupidity , yes , but not discrimination . 
  are you fucking serious, 
  9 % year to year , not quarter to quarter . 
  yes . 
  my prediction is that we will get there in anno domini 2253 . 
  it 's not enforced everywhere . 
  i 'd say it 's more enforced than jaywalking . 
  yes . 
  ianal , but there 's thing called `` zatarcie wyroku '' meaning that after some time after serving term you 'll treated as someone that has never been convicted . 
  not everyone follows the laws . 
  illegal too , outside of restaurant cars . 
  the sad point is that i can relate with nearly everything posted on this thread . 
  well , that 's second choice here . 
  rest were at least controversial . 
  it 's also harder when half of population lives in those blocks . 
  currently writing from one . 
  that was impossible , because our occupants were dreaming the modernist dream with commie blocks . 
  warsaw is not only glass/steel . 
  warsaw is like bigos . 
  there is everything here and everything fits here . 
  of course , that 's just a phrase and hyperbolisation , but i strongly believe that there is no point in comparing development of warsaw , especially since we have control about it only since 1989 , and other cities . 
  there is just no way we can plow everything and build new city .
