  that 's outrageous , you ca n't possibly charge fucking that much money for a most basic bank operation . 
  so you invent different hacks to simply send money . 
  look at paypal and it 's popularity - instead of sending money from account to account , you go around using ugly hacks . 
  your money 's route is like bank -  credit card -  your paypal account -  somebody 's paypal account -  his bank account . 
  instead of simply bank account -  bank account . 
  this process cost you money and so much time . 
  you 're just starting to invent simpler ways to do it , but still need a middleman , waiting for days , connected credit cards and all that bullshit . 
  just to send somebody 5 $ . 
  few over 40 . 
  everyone around 25 . 
  also no straightforward way to send somebody money . 
  banking is hardly international . 
  look how backwards is us banking system for example . 
  it 's not about fucking fees . 
  it 's about russia 's possibility to cut us off and still deliver gas to their western clients . 
  well , if field of study that the student is pursuing requires knowledge of particular subject , it is included in curriculum . 
  ( civil ) engineers definitely study chemistry for example . 
  in poland you learn needed parts of biology/chemistry during 6 years medicine programme . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad . 
  i 'm rather saying it 's an victim of it 's own success . 
  so many people use it that it 's very crowded . 
  i like kebab . 
  just not those kebabs . 
  never eat kebab in underground passage is one of most solid life rules . 
  we are slowly getting there . 
  we have to improve public transportation along kicking cars out , because the current transportation is very overloaded . 
  daszy\u0144skiego is kind of bad example - there are underground passages only under western part of intersection . 
  ideally , you 'd have them under the whole area - if i 'm already underground , i 'd like to bypass all lights . 
   i 'm pretty pissed of when i 'm biking eastern part of wilan\u00f3w ( near the river ) and all the land to up to g\u00f3ra kalwaria is perfect for road biking . 
  not everyone likes to smell kebab ( in the more popular passages ) and piss ( in the less popular ones ) during their journey . 
  there is n't really anything old in that part of warsaw . 
  most of those skyscrapers were build at the empty fields or destroyed garages . 
  they still reek of shitty sandwiches and kebab . 
  i 'm longing for the day when it will be possible to cross rondo dmowskiego on the surface . 
  that 's because of complicated situation of ownership of this land . 
  slightly after ww2 polish stalinist leader bierut declared all land in warsaw to be property of the state . 
  that was deemed unlawful and now ( over 60 years later ) former owners are getting their property back - or in more cases , descendants of owners or simply people who ( possibly unlawfully ) bought property from former owners for pennies . 
  this is a source of a major political scandal here , because it was proven that some properties , worth hundreds of millions were returned unlawfully . 
  plac defilad - shown in the picture - is one of the hottest contest points . 
  oh really ? 
  so we might assume ukrainian nazis celebrate bandera because he killed poles ? 
  it does n't exist here from what i know . 
  i like the one in [ gdynia ] ( http://namonciaku.pl/3miasto/51,113053,16035213.html?i=0 ) the most . 
  just like german nazis celebrate hitler because he build highways ? 
  wtf ? 
  well , overall life expectancy seems like most fair indicator . 
  i mean ... it 's not fair to set the bar first and then do everything to fullfill that goal . 
  if rising life expectancy for 3 years would require us to spend two times more , i 'd say it 's an unrealistic goal . 
  if it cost us 10 % more , sure , go for it . 
   do you really think that what you have currently is more than enough and should n't be improved ? 
  as for efficiency ( measured as pure statistics you provided vs expenditure ) , we 're quite there , yes . 
  what really lags behind , is `` customer '' service . 
  it 's really what you would expect from government provided service . 
  why for example we ca n't register for a visit from at a website is beyond me - we have to queue just to register . 
  that 's something that works the same since communism and could be improved without much additional cost . 
  we could actually save money right now on decent healthcare control system - we ca n't currently control on a high level how citizen uses healthcare . 
  they could for example go to one doctor today and one tomorrow with the same illness . 
  both doctors would prescribe something , maybe two different refunded drugs . 
  we lose thrice , first on doctors time , second on prescriptions , third on citizen 's health - taking two different drugs without doctor 's approval is n't going to end well in most cases . 
  the described behaviour really happens , particularly pensioners have too much time . 
  if we are talking about pure quality of healthcare , measured as statistics you provided , and you would ask a layman like me - we should strive to improve quality at the points where it 's the cheapest . 
  focus on prevention and promotion of healthy lifestyle should be preffered over costly new cancer treatments or drugs simply extending life at it 's end stage . 
  of course that 's easy to talk about that when i 'm not the most concerned right now . 
  obviously you can quantify , but assigning binary score to those metrics is purely subjective . 
  if i pass the class without doing any work , i 'm way more efficient than guy who got a 3,5 but he spend 10 hrs a week to study . 
  you ca n't pass or fail healthcare , it 's not something we can score on a binary scale . 
  you can have the best quality costing too much money . 
  efficiency is the proportion of quality and cost . 
  you seem to confuse efficiency with overall quality of a system . 
  we probably disagree on some of this points . 
  but po improved the childcare system tremendously . 
  healthcare - we probably have most efficient healthcare in the world . 
  for so few dollars per capita we have quite a working system . 
  it 's easy to beat us when you have twice the purchasing power and spend twice as many gdp percent points on healthcare . 
  remember that high tech medical equipment and new drugs cost the same in every county in the world - we can save only on labor and domestically produced drugs . 
  economic points - he did great considering really bad situation in the world . 
  during po 's term minimal wage has risen from 936 pln to 1750 pln - nearly twice in 8 years . 
  that 's impressive considering world economical crisis . 
  oh , he fixed so much shit . 
  raising pension age and destruction of ofes are good example . 
  or doing more in regards to infrastructure than all of the previous governments . 
  sadly , current government is trying to reverse his every good move while retaining all the shitty ones . 
  you forgot about 4,76 % korwin . 
  more relevant than razem xd, 
  i 've explicitly said at least two times in this thread tree that i had exactly the same opinion when poles were killed in uk . 
  i 'm not trying to play it off . 
  though i 'm all for delivering justice through the court system , rather than lamenting on every single case . 
  i feel like we 're not getting anywhere in this conversation . 
  good night to you . 
  i certainly do n't get it . 
  why it 's a statement only if it 's different ethnicity ? 
  i was n't defending my country anywhere lol . 
  all i 'm saying is that it is not a news at all . 
  i said the same when poles were killed in uk . 
   you also tried to put me down with what my fellow countrymen did/do against a minority . 
  i tried to say that something that happens every day is n't a news . 
  road accidents are n't a news either , yet people die in road accidents - thousands of them - and that is worse than a beating . 
   it 's worse than that because killing me because i have money is a murder but killing me because i 'm not from your ethnic group is a statement that you 'll be able to kill anyone who 's a member of my ethnic group . 
  it is just as simple my friend . 
   and why is killing somebody for money not a statement that you 'll be able to kill anybody with a money ?
