  i honestly believe that lack of wars after ww2 was not caused by eu , but by having a real external enemy combined with nuclear deterrence . 
  the argument that we have to choose between eu or hitler is the biggest strawman i 've ever seen . 
  we have much smaller welfare ( in % of spending , not mentioning the drastic differences in nominal values ) and we crime levels are not much higher from what i know . 
  everything is in mentality . 
  this water is actually really good . 
  i know he is a brutal dictator . 
  however , to make him kill you , you must directly oppose him . 
  for isis or nusra , you just have to exist . 
  i do n't think assad is going to murder non-rebelling sunnis . 
  he had 10 years to do it . 
  meanwhile , we see what the so-called moderate opposition done with yazidis . 
  the only `` good '' guys are kurds probably . 
  if we let the 75 % win , it would mean extermination of alawites and shiites . 
  probably some manpads would be sufficient for the irish army . 
   i want to die finn confirmed . 
   many people here hate snow anyway because of the chaos it creates for trains and on the roads . 
  fact that 1-2 cms of snow can make chaos is really funny when you have -20 degrees and 50 centimeters of snow fairly regularely and everything works . 
  [ elektrownia ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/87426097.jpg ) [ be\u0141chat\u00d3w ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=surbanua4mu ), 
  shit , i wanted to post that . 
  libeskind nailed it . 
  it was 12-20 tonnes heavier than them . 
  also , slower than t34 . 
  most of syria is literally desert . 
  it should be printed for educational reasons , just like lenin/stalin texts or quran . 
  oh yeah , you get health insurance here too . 
  but eurostat does n't use danish data . 
   an unemployed person is defined by eurostat , according to the guidelines of the international labour organization , as someone aged 15 to 74 without work during the reference week who is available to start work within the next two weeks and who has actively sought employment at some time during the last four weeks . 
  the unemployment rate is the number of people unemployed as a percentage of the labour force . 
  what if you do n't get any money either ? 
  this chart uses eurostat data , which is standardized . 
  this is like one of the best routes here , lol . 
  many cities does n't have good 120km/s connections and you want to waste money on route done less than 10 years ago . 
  try using 1970 's tlk cars then complain about bwe rolling stock . 
  ever heard of interregio ? 
  katowice - gdynia is not a local route . 
  we had exactly same system . 
  there were many fake universities , which existed precisely for the reason of dodging conscription . 
  the definition is really close to ours . 
  also , calling that far higher seems exaggeration , when in my home voivodeship unemployment is about 16 % . 
  poorest city and 3,3 % unemployment ? 
  that 's like 2nd best result in poland . 
  we want to buy u212a/scorpenes in the next few years . 
  i was wondering about year 1000 , not 1648 . 
  you are right though . 
  trains are way safer , if you count only deaths of people inside them . 
  wonder why that choice of years . 
  732 was a good year to fight islam . 
  idk . 
  communist regime was left-wing , and we are mostly conservative people . 
   role of the court is not only to set a punishment . 
  it is primarily to find out if law was broken or not . 
  if there is no possibility of passing a sentence , what is the point of doing that ? 
   do you really want certain people to be above the law ? 
  besides state tribunal decisions , if president wishes , those people ca n't be punished now too . 
  you do n't have to look far away . 
  if the outcome - nobody goes to jail - is the same , what is the point of wasting time of judges ? 
  you do n't buy tanks with ppp . 
  not really - [ poland ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/gdp-per-capita ) [ romania ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/gdp-per-capita ), 
  more like 1998 - [ poland ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/gdp-per-capita ) [ romania ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/gdp-per-capita ), 
  ok i get your point , we should ally with hitler . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , i 'm just saying they are not voting pis . 
  yeah . 
  still they are not voting pis . 
  actually pis has lowest % of vote in 18-24 group . 
  mostly nope . 
  but you can buy real gun if you have a permit . 
  this guy does everything legal from what i know . 
  thank you . 
  local entrepreneur in my home town bought few tanks and other military equipment from czech republic . 
  he now organizes `` military picnics '' , where you can ride inside or outside of a tank , shoot guns and eat `` military '' food like pea soup . 
  more like in ma\u0142opolska , not in whole southern poland . 
  what about hungarians in transylvania ? 
  does their hungarian differs at all ? 
  wto does not sanction your country because you do n't wan na follow stupid german immigration policy . 
  of course . 
  with the eurozone being the slower . 
   irrational fear of nuclear energy well said . 
   it is n't actually . 
  agricultural subsidies and similar payments towards poland are not connected to your behaviour in the refugee crisis as far as i am conncerned . 
  okay . 
   you are calculating a hypothetical threat versus monetary payments . 
  this is not possible . 
  if terrorists wanted to hit poland , they could just go from germany . 
  we dont have border control between our countries . 
  so even though the sanctions are very minor ( we are talking in terms of millions here ) , i do not think you can ` calculate ' this stuff . 
  terrorism in countries when big muslim communities exist is an unsolvable problem . 
  every attempt at assimilation of them failed - as we have seen , attacks are being performed by second or third generation immigrants . 
  we do not want clichy-sous-bois or molenbeek in warsaw . 
  only solution is to not let them come . 
   germany is going to lobby for sharing the refugees all over europe even though this doesnt have much prospect of going thorugh . 
  we will likely also seek to exercise influence to get countries to agree with this . 
  yeah , this is definitely forcing . 
   do this or no euromonies is what you really mean . 
   sanctioning , if there will be any , will come from the eu and not from germany . 
  i doubt the sanctions will be more costly than hundreds of polish citizens eventually killed by terrorists . 
  so you 're just gon na do nothing ? 
  okay . 
   so the a democratic majority decides something on a matter they were delegated the power to decide on and then that is called undemocratic ? 
  where have i called something undemocratic ? 
  i said i reject democracy on that level .
