  not true at all . 
  constuction of polin cost over 6 times as much . 
  in terms of financing current activity , polin gets over 2 times as much . 
  well , german is the most relevant language besides english for poles . 
  yeah , usually as third language in high school . 
  in my school we could choose between french , german and russian , but most schools do n't have the luxury of choosing and have german classes only . 
  i know , i have learned russian for a time . 
  still latin is better . 
  and our beautiful and very useful letters like ' \u0105 ' ' \u0119 ' are not represented . 
  also , it would be ju\u017cen ( ju\u017ce\u0144 ? ), 
  in polish transliteration . 
  english transliteration is definitely ugly . 
  huh , true . 
  it was a joke m8 . 
  yeah , i ment it as a joke . 
  though i still believe that using other alphabet than latin makes little sense . 
  using russian alphabet when you 're not russian makes me kek, 
  to be fair they were n't wrong . 
  but after invention of nuclear weapons there could not be any kind of `` victory '' . 
  and lack of will was caused by failure of this project . 
  of course , another stalin could prolong the lifeline of ussr , but at what cost ? 
  huh ? 
  it looks clean at least . 
  it 's not in the middle . 
  it 's in the end of nowhere . 
  haber , the creator of chlorine gas and cyklon b is not the best example here . 
  that did not happen in soviet conquest of thousands other cities in poland though . 
  only `` fortresses '' were german cities : wroc\u0142aw , then breslau ; gda\u0144sk , then danzig ; ko\u0142obrzeg , then kolberg and so on . 
  please , tell me . 
  do you really like osiedle za \u017belazn\u0105 bram\u0105 ? 
  you would be the first person i 've encountered that likes that ulcer on city 's urban tissue . 
  but this was n't an option . 
  look at czechs , they did nothing all war and came out with nearly untouched capital . 
   pd : in southern poland you seem to have your good share of drunken people ( i was really surprised by the old drunk people in the middle of the day !!, 
  never saw one before , saw at least +8 while there ! ), 
  huh , i though drunken poles are international stereotype . 
  does people really buy games on steam or another online western shop outside of big sales in slovenia ? 
  in poland games are usually localised and sold for half the price of western shops . 
  which makes buying on steam nonsense . 
  why not make this a problem of manufacturer ? 
  make them do the research , instead of moving the problem to the sellers . 
  this way this shit will be done only once , instead of making every seller do this menial work . 
  of course . 
  but now it is not `` we ca n't '' , it 's `` we do n't want to '' . 
  and we do not like that you do not want to . 
  our next government will have more to say about this . 
  nope , he 's basically out . 
  wo n't even compete for mp seat . 
  basically , he had little to no support in po besides tusk . 
  when he went away , sikorski got speaker of the parliament seat , got marginalized , when `` tape scandal '' happened rest of po was happy to throw him under the bus , so he resigned . 
  or broomsticks . 
  we had similiar situation with donald tusk ( there are obviously differences , as our `` cdu '' - po does worse job than cdu , and our `` spd '' is actually right-wing pis ) . 
  then he got nominated to ec 's president . 
  after he departed , there were literally no good candidates for his replacement , because he make sure that nobody threatens him . 
  ewa kopacz , which eventually become pm has charisma of a damp rag , and is shadow of tusk in every possible way . 
  in a half year po managed to lose presidential elections , even though few months before voting incumbent president had 68 % in polls . 
  nowadays polls indicate than in october elections pis will win in a landslide . 
  so this can be really scary situation for cdu - merkel will retire someday , and if she fails to find a decent succesor , cdu will be in big trouble . 
  france , step up your game !, 
  seriously speaking , i think railways are one of poland 's biggest weakness . 
  despite rapidly improving stock ( pkp ic 's pendolinos , darts and flirts , regional rail elfs , impulses , links and atribos ) , and literally railways , you can still ride in one of [ those 50 years old beauties ] ( http://linia103.pl/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/3reguliceen57-542x384.jpg ) or [ have a very pleasant pooping experience ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwc9i-j-bdu ) while moving at a speed of 60 km/h . 
  current government 's attitude towards trains does not improve the situation . 
  they do not like the eu 's 60/40 split on money spend on roads/railways - they prefer 80/20 . 
  they made the infamous 2008 train reform , moving the responsibilities for running the regional railways to the local authorities . 
  they either could n't handle the fiscal responsibilities , which resulted in connections being cut , or thought of railways as another place where you can give your friends lucrative jobs - koleje mazowieckie , koleje dolno\u015bl\u0105skie , koleje \u015al\u0105skie , koleje wielkopolskie and so on . 
  of course , every local company had incompatible prices , you could n't travel using two carriers on one ticket . 
  to sum up - they fucked up and now they are trying to fix the situation using eu 's money . 
  lol that would be the biggest joke party ever, 
  they both have like 0,5 % . 
  i thought i missed something . 
  fuck those conventions , concert of empires has ended . 
  we have sovereignty over our territory . 
  huh ? 
  could you link some articles ? 
  i do not remember this at all . 
  not if you know any slavic language . 
  hate for either of them , followed by widespread belief that only second party can save poland from inevitable collapse following victory of the hated party . 
  so essentially you vote for lesser evil . 
  regarding socialism - pis proposals are socialist . 
  also , i do not believe that this `` two party system '' will survive another few years . 
  every election uncovers new party who wins some seats . 
  the problem is that they are totally incompetent , like korwin , or make our sejm even greater circus than usual , despite decent start , like ruch palikota . 
  i fail to understand this post . 
  well , that 's what i told . 
  recently leader of opposition party , which will probably win next election in a landslide told that maybe we will join eurozone in 40 years , when polish citizens will earn the same as german citizens . 
  we promised we will join back in 2004 . 
  well , we have promised to join . 
  more moves like that , and `` realistic '' date of joining would be 2115 . 
  [ look here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3eg4c1/ukraine_bars_communist_party_from_elections/ctf398t ), 
  our article 13 of the constitution :  art . 
  which means :  forbidden is existence of political parties appealing to totalitarian methods of nazism , fascism and communism , or those which program assume or permit hate based on race or nationality , using violence to gain power or impact on state 's policies , or those which presume to classify membership or existence of structures . 
  you need 100 % of cash . 
  eu only refunds projects , not funds them . 
  of course it 's easy to get credit if you have promised funding . 
  i 'd rather give a chance to citizen who did not commit any crimes . 
  paypass is so much more convenient than cash . 
  95 % of my transactions i just stick my wallet to the terminal . 
   it 's not . 
  it 's the reason we have such a large amount of cattle . 
  huh , that 's strange .
