  we have region with similiar conditions as netherlands ( \u017bu\u0142awy near gda\u0144sk ) - under sea level , many canals and watercourses - and it 's regarded as most fertile terrain in poland . 
  i support polish law on abortion , which legalises abortion in this cases . 
  you may not have much land , but it 's fucking fertile . 
  we had higher economic growth before joining eu . 
  i 'm not saying that we did not benefit from eu , but saying that we `` had its entire immense economic growth of the past 25 years funded by europe '' is fucking bullshit . 
  the `` ghost '' airports are way cheaper and actually used , just less than predicted . 
  i 'm not saying that they were good investments , but that 's way different than spanish billion dollar airport . 
  yes , you are right . 
  though there are good parts and signs of improvement , and we should n't undervalue those . 
  that 's problem of getting reliable and non - polluting power supply , not exactly ac . 
  let 's evacuate everyone between tropics . 
  yes , it was better for poor ukrainians to be soviet slaves , as holodomor shown . 
  yeah , we want those bases . 
  do not delete parts of posts , and try to make me look stupid . 
  200 km/h is high speed on conventional lines upgraded to high speed operations . 
  now . 
  not in the 70 's , so they fall under upgrading of existing lines . 
  if you consider caucasus europe . 
  10:1 at least . 
  actually the 1,75 l cola is the same . 
  what products are you talking about ? 
  not after retarded spending rollercoaster . 
  according to tsi , everything above 189km/h is high speed . 
  this map is kinda outdated too , since december big part between warszawa and krak\u00f3w / katowice is completed . 
  more like gniezno . 
  not special cases . 
  how the fuck is that special case . 
  and those `` old tracks '' are from 70 's , on the railway build especially for high speed trains . 
  failed state with nuclear weapons , that sounds great, 
  okay , wait for your compulsory `` retirement '' . 
  you 'll be guard working graveyard shift in some warehouse at the middle of nowhere in your next job . 
  because what other skills to you have which would rationalize employing you after 30 years of strolling around and paid papers . 
  this is so lazy thinking . 
  also , you should look for next job before quitting current one . 
  because then exact situation like this happens . 
  you need to switch jobs every few years to prevent the situation where you know skills only specific to this particular company . 
  when the only thing you have on your resume is 30 year old habits and customs , you are unemployable . 
  let 's be honest : what can you learn in 30 years in one company ? 
  yeah , it 's ridiculous . 
  we have our own kind : the usual football hooligans claim they will be first to fight if russia attacks . 
  it 's not normal to work in the same place for 30 years though . 
  i agree , but previous governments fucked up too by failing to pass meaningful reforms besides cutting pensions and raising taxes ( which had to be done anyway . 
  the point is , syriza fucked up , but previous governments too . 
  and when medvedev was president and putin was pm it was the other way around !, 
  wait ... 
  yeah , greece is literally ethiopia . 
  russian peacekeepers sound like joke . 
  well , they would be really stupid if they have n't thought about some kind of plan b. 
  bankruptcy for individuals ? 
  how does that work, 
  everybody who needs to know knows . 
  wtf, 
  yes , we 'd fucking like another 25 years of being soviet slaves . 
  that sounds horrible, 
   it also means that entering the eurozone would destroy the polish banks . 
  they are also very anti-euro . 
  there are probably no pro-euro parties which have something to say in polish politics . 
  more like lw\u00f3w and tarnopol territories . 
  they were part of austro - hungarian empire , and before that they were part of poland for hundreds of years . 
  who do you have in mind ? 
  okay , you have found one idiot . 
  i do not know any creationist in poland . 
  schools teach exclusively evolution theory . 
  but things like that are everywhere . 
  we hid our unemployment in disability benefits ( 3,7 mln people receiving them at the end of 90s ) . 
  yet it still went over 20 % , while i have n't seen  10 % in romania . 
   did you know if all the subsidies stop . 
  poland will be in recession ? 
  why the unemployment level in romania is so stable ? 
   poland has never been a hospitable country for refugees . 
  [ oh fuck you . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_poland#center_of_the_jewish_world:_1505.e2.80.9372 ), 
  or decaying wooden house in podlasie . 
  or pre-war , never renovated tenement house in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a or wa\u0142brzych . 
  so what ? 
  they taste and feel fucking good , and you talk about efficiency . 
  typical german . 
  and hair being frozen will not ? 
  why the fuck messing with your hair would be more important than health ? 
  the people are still here according to statistics . 
  our statistical office claims that 38,5 million people live in poland , while in reality that number is closer to 37 million . 
  difference in mentality . 
  does those figures include social security taxes as well ? 
  i know denmark does finance everything from budget , i wonder that 's why the figures are so high . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.wielkarzeczpospolita.net/img/mapa_big.jpg ), 
  that is very high turnout from polish perspective . 
  because russia is in especially good economic situation . 
  do you really not understand mental shortcut for `` army of nato member '' ? 
  well , that 's taken . 
  sto = = hundred . 
  st\u00f3\u0142 in polish . 
  what do you think happens if someone invades country us has bases in ? 
  how much more layers of democracy do we need ... 
  i 'd say we need at least one directly elected high official . 
  maybe with mostly representative powers . 
  it 's like old people tradition . 
  i do not know anyone less than 30 years old who celebrates name day . 
  my parents do it though . 
  uh , probably the same ? 
  pierogi and schabowy taste as well in the summer as in the winter .
