got it , thanks !, 
  right , and is there any truth behind the claims that it will ? 
  it 's incredible common in britain . 
  many schools are run by the cofe or the catholic church, 
  at last , something we can beat germany at !, 
  believe me , as a brit , there is no positive bias against our home country . 
  we pride ourselves on our wish to go elsewhere, 
  i love ( some of ) cities , like london or edinburgh , then again the national parks are also pretty impressive, 
  believe me , * most of * us would be quite happy for blair to be condemned for the war crimes we were dragged into . 
  we 're not all like that, 
  agreed , us and the commenwealth , alone against the axis has to be one of our best moments, 
  considering all english schools teach french , german and spanish as a starting point up to pre-gcse level at least . 
  and most london schools in the city also teach mandarin & arabic you would be suprised . 
  also most central london jobs are taken up by either a skilled highly payed workforce who speak additional languages , or workers originally not from the uk or who are parents from a separate country and so speak english as a second language . 
  we are actually fairly fluent as a whole and not the ignorant english we can be made out to be as a result of anti-europe sentiment amongst us, 
  you 'd be surprised , london is probably the most multicultural capital in western europe . 
  due to the high cost of living a lot of homes are owned by russians , people from the gulf so much so that areas such as knightsbridge have shop signs in arabic . 
  the island off the coast of europe that used to control the world, 
  you forgot the part about biggest empire in the world ... 
  i take your point , but  unfortunately many british mps have been very vocal in the press with declaration painting the situation as being france 's sole responsibility is n't true , for a start mp 's are on holiday like yours . 
  only a handful of mp 's have said it is your problem . 
  and they 're from ukip so do n't like the french or the eu to begin with . 
  an issue that many have over here , and mostly the reason the press is angry at your country , is because france does n't appear to be deporting those attempting to get to the uk . 
  instead , just letting them sit outside calais trying and trying again to get in, 
  so you 're blaming the uk for not singing an agreement which results in a better situation for us ? 
  once again , its blaming others by people like you that makes the matter worse . 
  now i 'll hold my hands up and admit we have plenty of those over here . 
  but , saying its our fault is n't making the matter any better . 
  it just makes it worse for you , since they 're in your country ... 
  regarding the border checks , i think we losing each over in translation and confusing the eurostar , the eurotunnel and the port . 
  each has different border checks , controls etc. . 
  actually there are checks at st pancras ... and ~ ~ dealing ~ ~ how would not signing the schengen treaty affect who deals with immigrants ? 
  north africa is n't inside the schengen zone , so as a result . 
  you deal with them any way . 
  edit : furthermore , the area where the immigrants are , is in france , as part of the city of calais , which means it comes under your jurisdiction . 
  secondly , its blame games by people like you that causes messes like this . 
  instead of cooperating , you dump the blame and responsibility on others . 
  because we 've never liked being equal with others . 
  complications with the dismantling of the empire meant we had to join the eu later . 
  meaning we are n't a leader inside it , and are n't really committed to it . 
  we also have do n't like the idea of helping those who have n't worked to get stuff . 
  yep , especially with the referendum coming up, 
  i see . 
  in the uk , the conservatives appear unpopular , but have the most votes . 
  our country is generally becoming more right wing as the rise of ukip showed . 
  meaning we are gradually taking less and less immigration . 
  merckel is respected , but normally ignored by our press and the public . 
  that 's interesting , are the socialist party pro immigatrion/eu then ? 
  the uk border is at the english side , the french , at the french side . 
  its true though , we do n't think you care much . 
  but that may be a culture clash . 
  in the uk the migrants would 've probably been shipped off to some incredibly unethical detention center like this [ one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yarl%27s_wood_immigration_removal_centre ) and quietly forgotten . 
  interesting , we feel that since its your side of the border . 
  and all the migrants go through france it 's your fault . 
  oh and of course the striking ... 
  what is the french opinion on the calais crisis . 
  how does your media portray it ? 
  my feelings to , i feel it 's unfair on everyone atm . 
  scotland is currently better off then most in the uk . 
  more power for scotland , but more responsibility so all the countrys are better off . 
  extremely off topic , but do you feel scotland would support another referendum in this government ? 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  i suppose harry potter should be in there somewhere as well, 
  is it ? 
  i thought it was just set in sweden . 
  thanks for pointing it out, 
  1 . the very hungry caterpillar 2 . ~ ~ girl with the dragon tattoo ~ ~ blood and sand 3.1984 4 . winne the pooh 5 . lord of the rings, 
  ahh , where would we be without our long time rivals across the sea , happy republic day !, 
  - the english, 
  asking the locals who work in the airport/bus or rail terminal is probably the best option . 
  the majority of europeans speak english and there should be some interpreters . 
  there are a fair number of british expats who can also help around the area . 
  perhaps if she went into the local pubs and asked around it should help , you never know , she might strike gold . 
  finally , perhaps she could buy a cheap festival tent from a camping shop and camp in a hostel 's garden for a small fee aswell ? 
  good luck !, 
  edit : grammer, 
  everyone loves sturing up feelings to annoy the french !, 
  rather then a step back , its more of a step nowhere , one empire was defeated by a few more , preventing an empire spanning across europe and keeping monarchy safe through a few more kingdoms, 
  interesting , thanks, 
  believe me , with attitudes like that we would be happy to go, 
  slightly off topic ... 
  but is that the flag of scania or a separate country entirely ? 
  edit : on your flair that is, 
  the baltic sea i guess ? 
  i could perhaps explain about the abnormal fertility rates - its in part due to france 's relativity pro-natalist policies ( correct me if i 'm wrong here , but i believe its mainly the code for social action and families ) aimed at reducing the effects of its ageing population . 
  during the 1930 's children become of an economic burden due to compulsory education , harsher child labour laws and greater desire for material possessions . 
  this caused increasing concern over the lack of workforce that would soon present itself to the industrialised economy . 
  this caused the government to introduce benefits still in existence today - benefits such as # 1064 for the third child , a pension scheme for house-wives and mothers . 
  reduction in childcare costs . 
  generous maternity leave and pay for up to 40 weeks and tax breaks until the final child reaches 18 . 
  this has actually helped . 
  causing the fertility rate to rise from 1.73 in 1992 , to 1.89 in 2005 and finally to the current 2.01 ( although still below a replacement rate of 2.1 ), 
  could be the uk . 
  [ railtrack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/railtrack ) was the company that took over the railway rails before the whole fiasco meant it was then nationlised again . 
  we still have private companies operating trains - which many see as being too expensive as they run ` for profit ' meaning ticket prices rise above inflation . 
  furthermore , its now got to the ironic stage where certain companies are actually owned by the german and french public railway companies . 
  with even the royal train being operated - indirectly - by deutschbahn, 
  oh i do n't doubt its hypocrisy . 
  just think we should have the other sides of the argument present as well , 
  its worth pointing out that cameron has said ( and been supported many people on both side of the political spectrum in doing so ) that the reason his dad created the offshore company was because it was trading in dollar securities .
