  `` it was set up after exchange controls went , so that people who wanted to invest in dollar denominated shares and companies could do so , and there are many other , thousands of other unit trusts set up in this way , '' whether that was the real * reason is debatable , but i think its worth putting both sides of the argument forward ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  the impact of the protesters he is encouraging is somewat lessened by the communist flag they were waving around, 
  yeah , i see what you mean . 
  it would be a dam shame . 
  although ( for the moment at least although who knows given the current situation ) nothing that major has happend yet . 
  after a labour shortage west germany and , once reunified , germany accepted around 5 million turkish workers . 
  despite this being a huge number , turks only composite around 2.4 % of the population , compared to 90 % for ethnic germans . 
  but it can not be denied that there is an impact upon the population . 
  migration often leads to opening of new types of shops not seen before and an increase in variety of food available . 
  a domination of males in the population coupled with either increased cultural understanding or civil unrest as well as some industries becoming over reliant on migrant labour, 
   i still do n't understand the purpose of these policies i could perhaps offer some insight onto why several european nations have such generous immigration policies in general . 
  many of these nations have low rates of natural increase ( the change in population simply on birth and deaths alone ) and this has meant as they experience economic growth they often struggle with labour shortages . 
  this happens even more so as many of the european nations experience an ageing population . 
  sweden has an elderly dependency ration of 31.8 % , germany 32.2 % . 
  ageing populations place further pressure on health services ( due to compression of morbidity ) , jobs and pensions . 
  the [ population pyramid ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/graphics/population/gm_popgraph%202015.bmp ) of germany particularly puts the problem into perspective . 
  as that huge amount of 40s - 50s grow older , the retire . 
  they place huge pressure on services . 
  housing is another problem as their is more incentive for developers to build retirement properties which are inadequate for younger families and could result in a housing shortages in local areas . 
  retirees also cause a swing in policies of governments . 
  political parties go after the ` grey vote ' as they are some of the most likely to vote in a population . 
  it is worth noting that george osborn 's wealth-fare cuts have n't really hit the older generation . 
  to combat all these problems you require a more youthful population - either through a high fertility rate - unlikely to happen as the emancipation of women increases , cost of children increases and more people seek careers . 
  this is encouraged in france though , with the generous code de la famile - or a encourage migration through generous immigration policy , as the majority of migrants will be male in their 20s , the ideal migrant in terms of working . 
  in the uk , the nhs advertises in india and australia . 
  tony blairs policy in eastern europe was in part due to a document ( november 2000 ) arguing that foreigners in the uk contributes around 10 % more to government revenues than it receives from the state . 
  edit : my sources if you want some further reading : [ world factbook ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/wfbext/region_eur.html ) [ how immigration came to haunt labour ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/2015/mar/24/how-immigration-came-to-haunt-labour-inside-story ) [ political challenges relating to an aging population : key issues for the 2015 parliament ] ( https://www.parliament.uk/business/publications/research/key-issues-parliament-2015/social-change/ageing-population/ ), 
  i think its really something that despite this being the 2nd time the factory has been heavily flooded , united biscuits has n't closed the factory or attempted to move it elsewhere . 
  good on them !, 
  am i right in thinking that the netherlands too has a bible belt ? 
  fair ` nough, 
  / r/europe  i 'm american ... 
  sorry misinterpreted you there , i thought you were talking about anglo-european relations in general , did n't realise you were talking about brits abroad . 
  if its any consolation they 're normally like that on holiday here as well, 
  go on ... 
  very true , very true, 
  oh look its us again , i 'm begining to see a pattern here, 
  and then remember that the usa has 9.857 million km \u00b2 to defend , compared with the uk 's slightly smaller 243,610 km \u00b2, 
  it may seem like that not long ago , but ` the sixties ' was about 50 years ago now - a long time especially in the ever increasing world we 're in now, 
  you 're right its definitely skewed , ignoring the fact that the first comment sounds like something out of the depths of the youtube comments section , the huge offerings for women in the british education system , workplace and major cultural differences mean yes , as the emancipation of women and girls brought up in the uk increases there is less incentive for women to just be used childbirth and as a housewife and instead develop careers of their own , outside of the traditional norms associated with the original culture . 
  secondly , unlike many less industrialized , economically developed nations we have a wealthfare state which cares for the elderly , the sick and those unable to work . 
  as a result there is less incentive to have children who would otherwise go out and work increasing household income , care for their parents when they no longer work and act as smaller breadwinners for the family . 
  they 're left wing publications - they 're always like that . 
  try the times or the telegraph for a more right wing paper, 
  correction . 
  english cartoonists * they 're like this to everyone , you should see what they said about the ` today program ' interview with corbyn . 
  media is an exaggeration here - its more a minority of reporters/commentators, 
  but of course - who can forget your comedy !, 
  from a brit - nice people , nice food , excellent place to live !, 
  negatives - dam good footballers, 
  thanks for the answer , that 's interesting . 
  has the current governments popularity vastly reduced due to immigration tactics alone then ? 
  or is it other home affairs as well ? 
  an interesting point , but as fancy as european commissioner for home affairs sounds . 
  its major role is ensuring security throughout the eu , via international police cooperation . 
  as much as malmstrom may wish to provide citizenship , its up to the nation 's governments to provide these . 
  and ( a question here ) will the swedish government agree to provide citizenship to recent asylum seekers ? 
  given all the controversy surrounding them ? 
  first of all , that article is incredibly out of date - being 4 years old , and its worth noting that peter sutherland said those words before the current immigration crisis had hit europe and become a discussion topic . 
  finally , the group from which these comments came is , and i quote , `` an informal , non-binding and voluntary initiative '' . 
  showing simply it 's not part of the so called ` the plan ', 
  ok , interesting . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  very true, 
  what 's hilarious about your comment is how you show yourself to be ignorant , calling the ussr - ` russia ' , as well as conveniently ignoring the year that britain and the commonwealth stood alone against the axis, 
  whats the difference between a smart frenchman and a unicorn ? 
  nothing , they 're both fictional characters, 
  you forgot the yorkshire separatist movement as well, 
  the article makes it seems alot worse then it actually is . 
  hardly any schools have daily worship except religious schools . 
  there 's of course the usual weekly assemblies for primary and secondary , and these may feature hymns . 
  but more often then not are about issues of the week - such as drugs , mental health , exam stress etc, 
  fairs fair , it 's not everyone 's taste definitely, 
  yeah perhaps , they 're both great, 
  you dont think ? 
  nearly everyone of my generation has read at least one, 
  very true , it was really just incredibly boring imo, 
  1948 without a doubt , especially in todays society . 
  the sherlock holmes books are also excellent as are the james bond series . 
  it means to split the bill between you and your date, 
  you too !, 
  true , its a sorry state of affairs when people are having to copy and paste a response . 
  but then again , its probably just easier to let the informed judge the uniformed comments with downvotes and fire then post the same response to them each time, 
  definitely , i would say i 'm still to be persuaded either way atm, 
  when you 're sick and tired of seeing the same post over and over again in a single discussion, 
  a scotsman i agree with on / r/europe , waddya know !, 
  i do believe , / u/the _ duke_of_edinburgh has ` mugged ' you off, 
  oh dear , why do i feel like i 'm looking at youtube comments ? 
  thanks anyway !, 
  - along the same lines as i was thinking . 
  all those countries unified ( to an extent ) under a one banner . 
  and all though we may have our differences , * cough * bloody french * cough * , we still look out for each other, 
  mr corbett . 
  you 're on a lot of foreign relations delegations such as the d-us delegation for relations with the united states . 
  who would you say is the eu 's biggest ally ? 
  especially with the current tensions with russia and the refugee crisis . 
  hi richard , thanks for doing this - great to have mep 's doing amas on here !, 
  what would you say are the top 3 reasons for britain staying in the eu . 
  and then what would you say are the top 3 reasons for leaving ?
