there is an evolutionary basis for homosexuality , look it up lololololol perhaps you can share this ` link ' of yours . 
  i do n't pray to a god . 
  as a non-believer i repudiate religion . 
  try again to find a way to discount my stance . 
  what is more normal ? 
  acting in the same manner as every single one of your paternal ( or if you are a female , maternal ) ancestors ? 
  or not ? 
  every stop a notice that not one single ancestor of yours was gay ? 
  homosexuality is not normal and it never will be . 
   dont you think consenting adults have the right to have access to the same legal recognition as other consenting adults ? 
  because there is more to life than [ hedonism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hedonism ) and i repudiate the notion that `` if it * feels * good , then it * is * good '' . 
  is that the only way to objectively judge an action , by whether or not the parties consented ? 
  homosexuals do not deserve the same rights enjoyed by heterosexual couples because the acts in which they partake have different consequences . 
  hetro sex often ends in pregnancy . 
  homo sex does not . 
  why should homosexuals be awarded the same benefits of heterosexuals when they bear none of the burden ? 
  the wikipedia page on the [ equal protection clause ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equal_protection_clause#gender.2c_disability.2c_and_sexual_orientation ) offers some interesting tid bits . 
   in lawrence v. texas ( 2003 ) , the court struck down a texas statute prohibiting homosexual sodomy on substantive due process grounds . 
  in justice sandra day o'connor 's opinion concurring in the judgment , however , she argued that by prohibiting only homosexual sodomy , and not heterosexual sodomy as well , texas 's statute did not meet rational-basis review under the equal protection clause ; her opinion prominently cited city of cleburne , and also relied in part on romer . 
  notably , o'connor 's opinion did not claim to apply a higher level of scrutiny than mere rational basis , and the court has not extended suspect-class status to sexual orientation . 
   while the courts have applied rational-basis scrutiny to classifications based on sexual orientation , it has been argued that discrimination based on gender should be interpreted to include discrimination based on sexual orientation , in which case intermediate scrutiny could apply to gay rights cases . 
  other scholars disagree , arguing that `` homophobia '' is distinct from sexism , in a sociological sense , and so treating it as such would be an unacceptable judicial shortcut . 
   in 2013 , the court struck down part of the federal defense of marriage act , in united states v. windsor . 
  no state statute was in question , and therefore the equal protection clause did not apply . 
  the court did employ similar principles , however , in combination with federalism principles . 
  the court did not purport to use any level of scrutiny more demanding than rational basis review , according to law professor erwin chemerinsky . 
  the four dissenting justices argued that the authors of the statute were rational . 
  so far the supreme court had not `` extended suspect-class status to sexual orientation '' and `` other scholars disagree , arguing that `` homophobia '' is distinct from sexism , in a sociological sense , and so treating it as such would be an unacceptable judicial shortcut '' . 
  wondering out loud if [ suspect classification ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suspect_classification ) is correct for homosexuality , let 's look some criteria used to classify suspect classification of groups . 
   some of the criteria that have been cited include :  - the group has historically been discriminated against , and/or have been subject to prejudice , hostility , and/or stigma , perhaps due , at least in part , to stereotypes . 
   - they possess an immutable and/or highly visible trait . 
   - they are powerless to protect themselves via the political process . 
  ( the group is a `` discrete '' and `` insular '' minority . ), 
   - the group 's distinguishing characteristic does not inhibit it from contributing meaningfully to society . 
  after reviewing the list i still feel that it is wrong to give special status to homosexuals . 
  have they `` historically been discriminated against '' ? 
  yes . 
  is sexual orientation `` immutable '' or `` highly visible '' ? 
  yes and no . 
  sexual orientation for the most part is unchanging but there is a notable level of plasticity to it . 
  if it is 100 % hard coded then why the new addition of q for ` questioning ' to lbgtq ? 
  ` questioning ' implies that there is some sort of decision to be made . 
  conversely , sexual orientation is not a highly visible trait by any means . 
  are homosexuals `` powerless to protect themselves via the political process '' ? 
  no they are not powerless as evidenced by gay governors , legislators , and straight-gay-alliance legislators . 
  `` the group 's distinguishing characteristic does not inhibit it from contributing meaningfully to society . '' . 
  the last point is debatable but i feel is mainly a slippery slope . 
  the same can be said of proponents of polygamy . 
  i suppose it depends on what the definition of `` contributing meaningfully to society '' is . 
  something that gets lost in the conversation is the will of the people . 
  let 's not forget that the us government is ( or supposed to be anyway ... ) `` of the people , for the people , and by the people '' . 
  meaning that the ` people ' get to decide the laws of the country based on their will . 
  i do not take that to mean that laws must conform to some idea of universal objectivity . 
  rather , laws should reflect the subjective will of the people . 
  proponents of `` marriage equality '' equate it with some sort of universal objective outlook , when in reality its still based on subjective feelings . 
  proponents like you usually say something like '' ... between two consenting adults ... '' . 
  i want to know where they get this magical ` two ' number . 
  if the question is merely what consenting adults decide then that opens the door to polygamy being legal . 
  and i am against that as well . 
   your side lost . 
  huh ? 
  my side lost what ? 
   who cares what other people do in the bedroom . 
  a lot of straight couples do things in there that you would likely consider `` degenerate '' , but guess what , it has nothing to do with you . 
  i never said anyone has to behave any certain way . 
  for the record , i do not give a fuck what people do in their bed rooms . 
  i do give a fuck when people try to tell me what they i must accept as normal what they do in their own bedroom . 
  you like getting fucked in the ass ? 
  fine whatever , i do not care . 
  all i 'm saying is that you have no right to expect that your opinion and outlook on the matter should or must be accepted and respected . 
  i 'm not sitting here saying that you have to respect my opinion on the matter . 
  it 's obvious you do n't and that 's fine , it does n't matter to me what you think of me . 
  why it is a crime to have an opinion or preference ? 
  it 's your opinion that homosexuality is ok , and it 's my opinion that it 's not . 
  nope . 
  i reside in the good ole ' us of a. i 'm down with europe though . 
   but stop interfering in other people 's lives . 
  its your life , do whatever you want to , but do n't try to pass off your degenerate behavior as normal . 
  you are perfectly free to think/call me a backwards american and i am free to think/call you a degenerate . 
  i have mixed emotions about homosexuals . 
  on the one hand , its degenerate as fuck . 
  on the other hand i am happy to see other people voluntarily remove themselves from the gene pool . 
  the less people my offspring have to compete with for scarce resources the better . 
  thank you . 
  edit : here 's the definition of degenerate in case anyone is wondering . 
  adjective : degenerate di\u02c8jen\u0259rit / - having lost the physical , mental , or moral qualities considered normal and desirable ; showing evidence of decline . 
   not when it 's basic human rights . 
  i did n't know degenerate behavior resulting from a [ hormone imbalance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prenatal_hormones_and_sexual_orientation ) in utero was considered ` basic human rights ' . 
  if you claim that sexual orientation is merely a social construct then i invite you to read the wikipedia article linked above . 
   there is evidence of a correlation between sexual orientation and traits that are determined in utero . 
  williams et al. 
  ( 2000 ) found that finger length ratio , a characteristic controlled by prenatal hormones , is different in lesbians than in straight women . 
  however , they found no difference between gay and straight men . 
  another study by mcfadden in 1998 found that auditory systems in the brain , another physical trait influenced by prenatal hormones is different in those of differing orientations ; likewise the suprachiasmatic nucleus was found by swaab and hofman to be larger in homosexual men than in heterosexual men . 
  the suprachiasmatic nucleus is also known to be larger in men than in women . 
  an analysis of the hypothalamus by swaab and hofmann ( 1990 ; 2007 ) found that the volume of the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( scn ) in homosexual men was 1.7 times larger than a reference group of male subjects , and contained 2.1 times as many cells . 
  during development , the volume of the scn and the cell counts reach peak value at approximately 13 to 16 months after birth ; at this age , the scn contains the same number of cells as was found in adult male homosexuals , yet in a reference group of heterosexual males the cell numbers begin to decline to the adult value of 35 % of the peak value . 
  these results have yet to be replicated , however ; there also has yet to be a meaningful interpretation of these results provided in the context of human sexual orientation . 
  gay men have also been shown to have higher levels of circulating androgens and larger penises , on average , than hetero men . 
  arguing that homosexuality is a human right merely because they are ` born ' like that , is like saying mental retardation is a human right merely because they were ` born ' like that .
