  go watch a speech by ayan hirsi ali on the subject or read a koran from the beginning to the end ( i mention the direction because the order of the revelations matter ) . 
  it has dimensions we westerners are not capable of imagining with the tools we have at our disposal - our very concept of religion is different as i have already mentioned . 
  so ... in essence you 're giving the pessimistic answer to my question : that islam ca n't be separated from the uglier aspects of arab culture ( and can therefore never be made compatible with europe ) . 
  i can only hope you 're wrong , but you may very well be right . 
  i do n't see why the integration of arab immigrants * in europe * should be a two-way street . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  repopulate poland , italy and portugal with french people . 
  ha , that 's a good point too . 
  reminds me of the toten hosen lyric that `` from vatican to taliban , it 's clear to see that teetotallers are the worst of the lot . '', 
   most europeans have absolutely no desire to be a dominant world power and go rattle sabers with china or india . 
  we just want to live our lives in peace in our own ways . 
  and the only reason we can do that is because of american protection , which we ca n't ( and should n't want to ) rely on forever . 
  if we let the us , china and russia make the rules , it 's going to bite us in the ass in the long run . 
  switzerland maybe ? 
  but even there it was nowhere near as bad . 
  i 've only been to luxembourg once , for a few hours , but even in that short time i could feel everything radiating pretentiousness and disdain . 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  harsh , but to the point -- western media attention for the war in ukraine * has * dwindled , as it always does when these things go on for long enough . 
  on the other hand , whenever russia 's previous transgressions have become `` so yesterday '' they pull some new shit . 
  invasions of georgia and ukraine , anti-gay laws , the pussy riot case , the occasional murders ( politkovskaya , nemtsov ) and show-trials ( khodorkovsky , navalny ) , mh17 ... 
  it 's like they have a strange case of collective tourette 's where they ca n't go three months without being dicks in a really loud and attention-catching way . 
   this day is frequently called `` russia 's independence day '' . 
  so ... the day russia won its independence from russia ? 
  lots and lots of money . 
  a relative of mine lived in qatar for a few years because her husband , who works in the petrochemical industry , was offered a job there . 
  iirc he made three or four times as much there as he did at home . 
  oil = wealth = woo we 're king of the world . 
  hopefully what 's happening to venezuela right now will knock some sense into them . 
   they need to develop at their own pace without outside influence , or let them be a middle-ages society , however completely isolated from the rest of the world , so they wo n't bother us . 
  the problem is that it 's not realistically possible to maintain such an isolation anymore . 
  the fact that the middle east is a medieval shithole has consequences for us as well ( see : refugees , terrorism ) . 
  i thought the video would be footage of johnny cash doing all those things . 
  i was severely disappointed . 
  turkey and greece may hate each other , but they 've found each other in trying to play on germany 's war guilt in ridiculous ways . 
  well gee , i would have expected nothing but support for the turkish government from someone with kurdish flair . 
  if we 're going along those lines , my guess would be that strict social control at home means kids have more of an urge to do crazy stuff when their parents are n't watching . 
  greek statistics are always a bit dodgy . 
  which is good to see . 
  especially in the western half of the continent we 've been way too apathetic towards russia . 
  when flight mh17 was shot down it barely stirred any anti-russia sentiment in the netherlands . 
  the netherlands , the country that hates another country more if we lose a football match against them than if they murder 196 of our people . 
  [ disco nazis , you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-jn3vh26nq&amp;t=0m37s ), 
  thought for a moment that you were talking about ukraine and this was an mh17 joke . 
  knorkator was actually a [ candidate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zh86ufaaum ) to represent germany once , but they did n't quite make it . 
  * #justmasterracethings *, 
  true , but it was n't really * about * anything . 
  no defining issues , no sharp clashes between parties ... and because of the level playing field ( with five or six parties all projected to gain about 20 seats ) there was n't a one-on-one fight for the top spot like in previous elections , either . 
  as one commentator wrote , it 's like watching a football match where it 's still 0-0 deep in the second half . 
  after a very boring campaign , i should add . 
  on the other hand , the lovely weather certainly helps . 
  or just northwards across the pole . 
  * if you wan na be a villain number one , you have to chase an immigrant on the run ... *, 
  got ta love how clearly you can see the polish-belarusian border . 
   \u03c6 = power angle ftfy edit : damn , there are a lot of electrical engineers here . 
  lovely language , no ? 
  even if you disregard prussia , germany invaded poland in wwii and it was pretty clearly germany by then . 
  most of the other examples are also pretty clear-cut . 
  i do n't think a lot of people will dispute that present-day sweden is still the same sweden that invaded poland back in the 17th century , for example . 
  it 's more complicated than i 'm making it sound . 
  weed was never * legalised * in the netherlands , only * tolerated * -- and we 're not very consistent in our tolerance : you 're allowed to carry a small amount for personal use , coffee shops are allowed a limited stash , but no one 's allowed to * produce * the stuff in any significant quantities . 
  this has led to a huge industry of illegal plantations , often operated by poor schmucks who take the hit when the police catches them while the ones making the real money stay out of sight . 
  especially in north brabant , there is concern over drug money undermining lawful government , both in violent ( e.g. 
  mayors getting death threats ) and less violent ( e.g. 
  drug criminals infiltrating local party chapters and sitting on city councils ) ways . 
  i 'm not sure how much of the problem in brabant comes from weed and how much from synthetic drugs , but both are a factor . 
  many dutch mayors have pleaded with the government to at least experiment with `` regulated '' ( i.e. 
  state-run ) plantations -- the idea is that it would flood the market with cheap weed and thus take away all incentive for criminal gangs . 
  however , the national government has always opposed this , their argument being that most weed grown in the netherlands is exported rather than consumed domestically , so flooding the market here would n't help much . 
  weed has a huge problem with organised crime and the associated violence , too . 
  ask any mayor of a town in north brabant . 
   black and white thinking i see what you did there . 
  it is ? 
  probably a flemish thing then , because i 've never heard of it . 
  at least these do n't have a `` 35 % off '' sticker on them . 
  very cool project !, 
  reminds me of my own ideas to worldbuild a fantasy version of medieval/early modern europe ( the most concrete these plans ever got was [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldbuilding/comments/4xlm4e/pitch_rl_reformationera_europe_but_with_vaguely/ ) ) . 
  i feel like turkey is very similar to poland . 
  there 's plenty of secular , liberal civil society , but the government is supported by illiterate peasants and tries to crush everything that does n't fit in with their religious-nationalist worldview . 
  the chp were barely a blip on our media 's radar throughout the idiocy of the past 2-3 years , so i 'm glad they 're finally making themselves heard . 
  let 's hope secular turkey will manage to reassert itself . 
  afaik that one does n't come from * snor * as in `` moustache '' , but from * snorren * , a rather old-fashioned word also meaning `` to hum '' . 
  do n't forget * bromfiets * ( `` hum-bike '' ) for a scooter . 
  that one cracks a lot of foreigners up . 
  whoever has the wittiest one-liner in their manifesto , and publishes it first , gets the most votes . 
  i was talking about the missile 's navigation * after * launch . 
  yeah ... russian soldiers getting lost on vacation is one thing , but when icbms take a wrong turn you have an entirely different problem . 
  [ popped in my head the second i saw this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsq4b_zhqpm ), 
   realistically , what 's stopping a cooperative union with eastern europe and russia ? 
  ( yes , i know , soviet union , but i 'm talking about a ** democratic ** , countries independent of each other , cooperating to mutually benefit each other ala eu ) . 
  well , that 's already one point that does n't apply to russia ...  russia , as a government , obviously needs to make changes before the west is going to be willing to trust them ... or is this something that 's going to take 30 + years yes . 
  have n't you americans learned from afghanistan and iraq that you ca n't just slap a completely different political and social system on a country in the span of a few years and expect it to function ? 
  rip sweden and switzerland :(, 
  the major difference is that germany has apologised 1000 times over for the actions of their past regime , basically runs around everywhere saying `` we 're not like that anymore , we promise '' and remains highly suspicious of anything that could possibly look like it might lead to a return of that . 
  russia , in the meanwhile , glorifies its past regime , tries to downplay its atrocities , and keeps threatening its neighbours with irredentist rhetoric . 
  if you do n't want to be blamed for what your previous scary governments did , stop trying to associate with them . 
  but the core of the plan is as outlined in the title . 
  its principal architect is dutch labour leader diederik samsom ; pm mark rutte has also been closely involved . 
  details have been worked out behind the screens with a group of about 10 eu countries envisioned to take the lead on this plan , including germany , sweden and austria .
