  so , like / r/accidentalrenaissance but for the 19th century ? 
  the one about the farmer has come true -- agriculture has been mechanised to a huge degree . 
  we 've come pretty close to the rolling house with those huge american motorhomes . 
  all the others are far off the mark , especially the strange obsession with putting wings on everything . 
  ah ok , that clears it up . 
   a negative initial poll `` only -23 % of britons say they would vote for labour under corbyn '' ? 
   you do n't need to have training in order to own guns in switzerland . 
  there 's no psychological test as well and you do n't need to provide a reason to own a gun . 
  you also do n't need to own a gun safe to buy a gun , you can store it as you wish as long as it 's unloaded . 
  how has everyone in switzerland not died in gun accidents/psycho shooting sprees/impulsive suicides yet, 
   jingoistic little englander correct me if i 'm wrong , but iirc `` jingoism '' meant favouring an aggressive , imperialist foreign policy , whereas `` little england '' stood for isolationism . 
  so is n't this a contradiction ? 
  or have the terms changed meaning ? 
  the real problem is the shortage of cross-border capacity . 
  that line in the article about german energy prices going negative ? 
  that 's because there 's not enough capacity to transport the excess energy to other countries where it 's actually in demand . 
  energy grids were built in a bottom-up way : first every city made its own grid , then they started to interconnect them into provincial grids , then into national grids . 
  cross-border lines were added as an afterthought , and at the moment there are nowhere near enough of them to support a truly european energy market . 
  if we really want to have a sustainable energy future , where a shortage of wind power in denmark can be compensated by a surplus of solar power in portugal , we need enough cross-border lines to transport all that power . 
  it 's going to cost billions and take years , but if we do n't strengthen the physical connections all the splitting and merging of `` zones '' on paper is n't going to help . 
   right now those two countries take the easy way out , they simply route their excess power through third countries . 
  electrical engineering student who did an internship with the dutch grid operator here . 
  you often ca n't prevent power from taking these kinds of `` detours '' . 
  power finds its own way through the grid , and while you can model that and plan for it , it 's very hard to steer actively . 
  i mean , you * can * , to some degree , using devices called `` phase shifting transformers '' ( psts ) ; many countries have a few of them installed on their borders , to ping-pong unwanted power flows away from their grid . 
  i 've always seen this as a failure of european coordination on this issue : grid operators investing millions in means to physically force through their own interests ( sometimes directly against those of the next country ) rather than trying to find a real solution that works for everyone . 
  we 've got a long way to go . 
  in general you always lose some of the energy if you have to transport it over long distances , so it 's more efficient to build everything in the same place if possible . 
  oh look , an american travelling europe and taking shiny pictures of old buildings , beautiful landscapes and smiling people -- i definitely have n't seen that 3000 times before !, 
  seriously , there have been too many of these fluffy `` travel agent 's brochure '' posts on / r/europe already . 
  take it to / r/earthporn or / r/cityporn or something . 
  i 'm interning at an engineering company right now , and although there is a dedicated sales department the actual engineers also have a lot of contact with customers -- both when planning new installations and when maintaining or repairing existing ones . 
  granted , in this case the `` customers '' are usually companies with their own engineers on the case , but that does n't always make it any less frustrating . 
  oh , you [ most definitely could ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/locationswedishempire.png ) ... 
  it gives me a strong reichstag vibe with that shape and the field of grass in front . 
  that 's what the bunkers are for . 
  shelter from the roma hordes . 
  so , less serious discussion , more fluff ? 
  no thank you . 
  i come here for news and political discussion , not for `` buzzfeed europe '' . 
  you sure that 's a `` when '' and not an `` if '' ? 
   haughey saw similarities between ireland and germany and cited `` i have expressed a personal view that coming as we do from a country which is also divided many of us would have sympathy with any wish of the people of the two german states for unification '' i see what you did there . 
  nice try , but you 're still not getting ni . 
  no , that 's austria , not norway . 
  `` test cat , please do n't upvote '' ? 
  i 'm impressed -- it 's an actual tank and not some improvised horse-drawn vehicle . 
  no , no , germany is clearly more similar to lithuania !, 
  yeah , and ? 
  every country that can afford it tries to influence foreign elections in its favour . 
  it 's no secret that the cia worked hard to prevent communist election victories in france and italy in the past , and more recently that it planned a pr campaign in germany and france to boost support for the war in afghanistan . 
  and who was really surprised to learn that the kremlin generously sponsors the front national ? 
   want to see what happens when / r/askreddit and / r/europe are mashed together ? 
  i 'm kind of terrified of the idea . 
  yeesh , that site seems like a far-right ranting blog . 
  if you can get me a source without exclamation marks i 'd be inclined to take it more seriously . 
  he does have the `` fuck my life '' face to match . 
  how do any british couples still form ? 
  yeah i thought the same thing . 
  that would have been * crazy * disrespectful . 
  ( the guy in the striped polo too , despite the lack of offensive slogans ), 
  can the uk be grayed out on that map , just to rub in that they 're missing out ? 
  it 's certainly true that in the early days of muslim immigration to europe , far too little was done in the way of integration policy -- the assumption was that most of them would go home after a few years . 
  however , what we 're talking about here are n't people who just do their own thing without knowing it 's not what they 're `` supposed '' to do in europe . 
  we 're talking about people who are consciously claiming the right to do things `` their '' way instead of `` ours '' , sometimes all the way into a court of law . 
  see the swiss example . 
   it 's pakistan as well . 
  northern africa too , iran as well . 
  even indonesia is not a place you 'd want to live as a minority . 
  to pin islams problems on saudi arabia is very reductionist - saudi arabia is just doing what islam dictates `` better '' than others and has no pr team like iran . 
  oh , i did n't intend to `` pin everything on saudi-arabia '' . 
  of course other islamic countries have similar problems ( almost all of them do , really , which is depressing ) . 
  i just thought this particular interview brought up an interesting point related to my topic . 
   these are very small , loud and ultimately harmless groups . 
  i have yet to see a jehovas witness blowing something up for god . 
  nonviolent ! = harmless . 
  sects like the jehovah 's witnesses can really screw people over ( just ask / r/exjw ) , and conservative churches ' insistence on abstinence-only sex ed is at least partly to blame for america 's ridiculously high teenage pregnancy rates . 
   everywhere . 
  `` love thy neighbor '' , `` do onto others what you want them to do to you '' and the idea of forgiveness and room to improve yourself are the basis of our legal system and morals . 
  the enlightenment and humanism would never be possible without these basic christian ideas . 
  what is indeed annoying are the administrative structures that were built around them ( vatican is the best example ) - but they do not invalidate the significance of the ideas . 
  also , you 'll have to define religions of body parts . 
  i think you slightly misunderstand what i mean by `` religion of the heart '' and `` religion of the brain '' . 
  for me a `` religion of the heart '' is a faith which is based on passionate emotion ( think evangelicals , baptists , eastern orthodoxy , catholicism in the developing world ... basically any faith where you get those stereotypical images of hysterically weeping women , as a rule of thumb ) whereas a `` religion of the brain '' is much more sober-minded ( think calvinism ) and contemplative ( think lutheranism ) . 
  roughly speaking , i think `` religions of the brain '' are the bricks that successful civilisations are built with , whereas `` religions of the heart '' are mostly good for keeping people stupid and bigoted . 
   branding it a culture war is ridiculous and another way of tarring religious people who have nothing to do with the decisions of the russian government or whatever conspiracy the putin is involved in . 
  yeah , sure , patriarch kirill is an independent and neutral voice in russia . 
  no connection to putin at all . 
  / s  there are good reasons to not follow the marxist into every foxhole . 
  umm ... 
  i 'm not sure what abortion and homosexuality have to do with class struggle , but whatever you say . 
   that is not the same and is really insulting and even more disingenuous . 
  poland is not a fascist state . 
  how dare you . 
  yeah , ok , that one was a few inches below the belt -- it kind of implied that poland is just as bad as franco 's spain , which is obviously not true . 
  i just could n't resist the opportunity to snark . 
   islam is not just a religion . 
  it 's the constitution of a theocracy . 
  there 's a reason the word caliphate exists or isis claiming it . 
  there is no islam of body parts - it requires the entire human and controls it completely : food , drink , mating , worth of a human in terms of class etc. 
  - this goes far deeper than any notion of christianity or what passes as a mainstream religion in the west .
