  its not the uk 's issue . 
  it 's between the parliament and the rest of the eu . 
  if the council and commission agree on a deal with the uk , and the parliament veto it . 
  that really is a problem within the eu , like the belgian rejection of ceta . 
  not much the uk can do there , are we meant to get inbetween parliament and the council ? 
  in the end , parliament will get in line if the council agrees to a deal . 
  the epp and others will whip and the members will fall into place . 
  like it always does . 
  also , parliament barely have a say in the deal , just a veto . 
  once its all done and agreed after a few long years a veto would be unacceptable to the council and wont happen . 
  only national parliaments are a risk to vetoing an agreed deal . 
   is n't the author flailing at a straw man though ? 
  not really , its a popular theme . 
  a quick search of `` brexit '' and `` empire '' could show you . 
  a few examples i found after a few seconds , [ here ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/03/31/brexit-and-britains-delusions-of-empire/?utm_term=.ba5d84e8f492 ) , [ here ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/13/opinion/englands-last-gasp-of-empire.html ) , and [ here ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/a-perilous-nationalism-at-brexit ) . 
   when the american diplomat dean acheson said the british had not yet found a role after empire , he rather assumed that we were looking for one . 
  insiders make the same mistake . 
  the least effective argument for the eu in the referendum campaign centred on its usefulness as a power-multiplier for medium-sized nations . 
  it is not that voters disbelieved this . 
  they just did not care enough . 
  [ . . ]  it is easy for foreigners to read imperial nostalgia into something much more parochial . 
  introspection is bad enough but the british can not be guilty of that and the opposite at the same time . 
  outsiders are free to fault us , if they pick the right fault . 
  very true . 
  you notice it a lot online discussions . 
  as many people dont live in the uk , they dont fully understand it . 
  so its easy to reach for a simple conclusion rather then a nuanced one . 
  really ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  seems interesting . 
  is there more detail ? 
  i dont quite understand . 
  are they being held in prison ? 
  being stopped at the airports ? 
  whats going on ? 
  is this in use ? 
  are there performances held there ? 
  it looks wonderful . 
  reminds me a bit of the minack . 
  it was never in control of eu numbers which is what eventually lead to brexit . 
  can you post a translation or something ? 
  with brexit anything is * potential * . 
  which is why the media are in their favourite phase at the moment . 
  its reminiscent of the football transfer window , city can potentially buy messi but that not doesnt mean its likely . 
  but thats never stops the newspapers from printing it though . 
  it would be a non starter for everyone involved which is why its ridiculous . 
  the court is involved in arbitration with 3rd parties or its involved in interpretation and application of eu law . 
  it cant be a neutral arbitration court and be both , there is a huge conflict there hence why its jurisdiction would never cover both . 
  its a really far-fetched claim . 
  indeed , the arbitration mechanisms can change as the deal finalises . 
  a fixed court considering the trade flows probably will be the final and best solution . 
  the point being the ecj does n't arbitrate trade disputes between the eu and 3rd parties . 
  it doesnt have the jurisdiction . 
   if the eurozone is so poorly built , then how come greece and spain have recovered from the crisis ? 
    greece lost 30 % of the gdp and stagnated , wtf ? 
  recovery ? 
  are you really that clueless ? 
  [ ... ]  the currency of a country is essentially irrelevant . 
    what the fuck are you even on about . 
  pricing differences caused greece to lose 30 % of their gdp in the process of the eu banking crisis ? 
  i have not much to add but this is hilarious . 
  it pretty much will be the end of it . 
  unless you are describing potential transitional arrangements ? 
  post transition , the trade agreements will be like the ceta deal with canada . 
  which means it will be an isds that resolves commercial and economic disputes between the two parties and not the ecj . 
   does n't mean that they are n't part of a privileged upper class that governs the country . 
  you 're mixing upper class with aristocracy . 
  one does not mean you are part of the other . 
  all aristocrats are upper-class , but all the upper-class are not aristocrats . 
  david cameron is upper class , his wife is a member of the aristocracy . 
  there is a difference . 
  the definition is the first one you are looking at . 
  its a hereditary nobility and that is what is defined as aristocracy . 
  i dont really want to go through british history here , but there is a specific definition because they still live and we kept them a part of our political process . 
  the queen is a the top of the aristocracy and at the head of the country . 
  they still have their castles and lands ( well the ones that arent broke ) , they are a separate group from life peers . 
  they are aristocrats . 
  if david beckham becomes a life peer tomorrow , or if i do , simply because i am friends with theresa may , it does not mean i wake up tomorrow a member of the aristocracy . 
  being a member is a very specific thing and its hereditary . 
  life peers are not members of the aristocracy . 
  im not sure where you get that impression from . 
  an aristocrat is a hereditary peer . 
  a member of the landed gentry . 
  an aristocrat is a specific term and it has a specific definition , you cant just call anyone an aristocrat . 
  more information on the wiki . 
  the majority are not aristocrats though . 
  nowhere near . 
  its like 10 % . 
  i do n't know . 
  it would mean a constitutional change in the uk , i dont think we 've done it before . 
  it would also mean some sort of devolution , we could be cheeky and just give them all the powers they previously had and limit their mp to vote on certain matters . 
  i really dont know to be honest as its a hypothetical that hasnt really been considered . 
  going down the route of co-sovereignty was a mistake , the last parliamentary report on spanish harrasment of gib made that clear . 
  it didnt resolve much but in the end made it harder for gibraltarians to live their lives . 
  all that was gained was the cordoba agreement which after uk/gib spent close to # 70mil in pensions to spanish citizens , the spaniards havent upheld their side of the agreement . 
  as the report stated :  12 . 
  the difficulties the current government faces are in part a legacy of regrettable decisions made in 2001-02 to allow for joint sovereignty discussions , which raised expectations on the spanish side . 
  since 2004 , the government has sought to correct this by a consistent message that no discussions will take place without the consent of the people of gibraltar . 
  this is the correct approach , and should be consistently re-affirmed . 
  the ` double lock ' has provided gibraltar with security following a difficult period ; this guarantee of self-determination should never be abandoned again .
