  its fundamentally a problem because it gives you and me , very little alternative to the status-quo . 
  strong opposition , strong alternatives keeps governments from stepping out of bounds , its not about fighting each other , its about politics and having fundamental policy differences that the citizenry can vote for . 
  thats why the eu parliament example would never fly in an actual national parliament . 
   just look at the german and french labour market . 
  you ca n't push a law through france without companies and unions chopping each other 's head off . 
  hear in germany or denmark we usually try to seek compromise before we go all haywire . 
  how is this not better ? 
  seeking compromise with 3rd parties who are outside parliament has absolutely nothing to do with what we are discussing . 
  you can do that regardless of whoever is in power , they are third parties . 
  all it depends on is if that political party or political coalition are more or less prone to seeking compromise . 
  and let me be clear , this is not about political coalitions being bad , which you seem to believe i meant , i dont . 
  its when these coaltions go too far which has never occurred in germany . 
   the elections simply worked out so that it 's made of the two largest parties ( plus the center ) . 
  also the 3 largest parties of the political spectrum . 
  right , centre and left . 
  while alde might have a little less mp 's then ecr , with tories in general not caring , they are the more politically involved in the parliament . 
   what should be different according to you ? 
  are the two biggest parties forbidden from forming a coalition , even though it 's the only combination that makes sense in terms of politics and electoral math ? 
  nobody should be forbidden for anything . 
  my concern though is when you have the main parties from the right , centre and left who are all working together in the executive , they cant by definition be an effective opposition . 
  so if you are a centre-left voter , you are left with the choice of supporting the largest centre left party which is also the status-quo . 
  or you can vote for a fringe left group that wont ever have a realistic shot at governance . 
  if you disagree because of your centre-left leanings with the current commission , then you are screwed . 
  the main issue is that these deals that take in the whole political spectrum are dangerous , more dangerous then a minority commission or hung parliament . 
  it also demoralises and demotivates the body politic . 
  as it leaves people with the choice between the current government or the fringes , it also leaves the commission without any opposition . 
  so you leave it to men like farage to be the opposition , and you 've seen the youtube videos . 
  when you abandon the pulpit , we cant really complain if someone takes the stand . 
  what if that was someone who had a genuinely moving vision for the eu and had the seats to push for it ? 
  the only real differences always end up being national parties/countries getting involved , i.e. 
  the epp cant agree because some french mep 's are being told not to vote this way by its french party . 
  or the sd has issues because the uk labour party is telling its mep 's to vote this other way . 
  the rest of the time , its mainly agreement . 
  frankly , its sad . 
  i dont even begin to pretend i have a solution , i can see the problem but providing a solution is always more difficult then first recognising a problem . 
  the first thing though is radically changing the relationship between the commission and parliament . 
  some alternative needs to emerge that has a different vision from the status-quo that can challenge the commission on principles , values and policies . 
  none of which happens now . 
  now that schulz has finally fucked off for good , pitella is gaining some balls and is already making noises about leaving the coalition . 
  he apparently is not going to meet weber next week so they can agree on what next to force through and maybe we might see some nice opposition politics again . 
   there 's no such thing as a whip in the ep . 
  they do , its the job of group coordinators . 
  instead of having a group of whips that deal with everything like the uk parliament , the eu parliament splits it by committee . 
  each committee has a whip who deals only with that committees work . 
  this is also not taking into consideration national whips . 
  dont forget mep 's are also members of national parties , e.g. 
  the labour party here whips its mep 's if they need to vote on something important that affects the uk . 
  thanks for adding the ending . 
  so in the end , we got away with the failure of the parliament through the use of another part of the eu correctly doing its role to check and balance the executive . 
  if they failed in that , we would have lost . 
  it doesnt really change the failure of the parliament in the beginning . 
  the failure is compounded by the fact that those who raised opposition , greens etc ( the only genuine opposition ) are pretty toothless in parliament in opposing it because of their lack of seats but were good in this instance of engaging people outside parliament , the only reason it was opposed . 
  now imagine this same scenario but not for something like net neutrality which got a lot of attention and engaged people , but the minutiae of some boring regulation were its hard to engage people but is genuinely important . 
  i dont think the greens will have much luck then , or others would even bother . 
  its a hopeless battle because its a uni-polar parliament . 
  which is fine because you have opposition who dont support it and if they are strong and convincing the public will vote for them to become the next party in power . 
  not really , because the coalition was between the conservatives and liberal democrats . 
  this would be as if the conservatives , labour and the liberal democrats all formed a coalition . 
   net neutrality was the problematic legislation stopped ? 
  they created net neturality legislation and left enough loopholes for a wide truck to pass through . 
  then sent it to parliament who with the help of many corporate interests ( netflix et al sent a letter to schulz ) proposed amendments that safeguarded net neutrality and stopped those loopholes . 
  when the amendments to make those stronger and robust , the eu parliament voted against it . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but that is how it ended isnt it ? 
  maybe the bundestag but definitely not in france , uk , italy etc. 
  when you have the conservatives and labour working together in parliament to support all the initiatives by the prime minister , that seems to me a free ride for the executive . 
  i dont think that 's how the majority of european parliaments work . 
  maybe i am missing something here but that doesnt seem healthy . 
  its part of the reason why there is such a malaise . 
  there is no large alternative that is actually trying to scrutinise the executive and give europe a different vision . 
  they arent coming out and saying we can do better , they are wrong on this and that etc. 
  why does oettinger still have a job ? 
  with a proper opposition can someone in the commission really get away with calling chinese people `` sly dogs '' and `` slit-eyes '' ? 
  or changing eu reports to delete things they dont like ? 
  that is not the behaviour of a serious politician representing europe . 
  you dont want ttip ? 
  well tough luck you will need to rely on your mep 's rebelling against their party and political futures . 
  who will fight against it ? 
  everything is a fix , the only alternatives given are from the fringes , either the greens or the euroskeptics . 
  okay so we already know that schultz/juncker et al pretty much are joined at the hip . 
  the parliament which is also there to scrutinise the executive ( commision ) , does not do that at all . 
  it is a rubber stamping authority in which the major decisions are made outside by a few men every month and then instructions handed down to the parliamentary majorities ( 70 % ) on what to vote for . 
  ^ [ 1 ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/g5-brussels-most-exclusive-dining-club/ ) so now to add to this we find out that the other aspect of parliament , of scrutinising legislation , is increasingly all done behind closed doors . 
  afterwards everyone is told its all been done and agreed upon . 
  these practices are really not good for the eu in the long term , it will increasingly become more common until its just how the way things are done , regardless of whoever ends up in power . 
  we are onto colours now , what 's next ? 
  we 'll probably move onto weather . 
  or perhaps beers , we want an ale brexit not a reinheitsgebot brexit !, 
  or maybe egg preparation methods . 
  we dont want a yolky brexit , we want a firm brexit !, 
  yea it would be i think . 
  it seems to me he considers you a close enough of a friend to make those jokes but does n't realise his poor attempts at banter are not appreciated . 
  did your friend know you were hurt by what was said ? 
   most conversations turn sour after i mention where i am from . 
  what happens ? 
  i dont think its mandatory to have 1 foreign-language gcse . 
  its not in the curriculum . 
  maybe some schools make it mandatory ? 
   as you said , if one state encroaches on using them as bargaining chips , there is nothing the rest can do ( besides regular political pressure ) , yet i think of all the topics to discuss during the negotiations , this one will be the first to be agreed on . 
  you would hope so , and i originally did . 
  but what is being implied by those sources is the complete opposite , that it will be held off until the negations are critical , so it can be used then .
