  it 's simply the home office using its old template rejection letters because like everyone else in the world they did not expect brexit and the flood of applications that started coming in from day 1 . 
  they were suppose to have a whole thing ready for eu citizens ? 
  the pm resigned the next day , nobody had anything ready and they began bashing out replies . 
  i dont see any `` knowing unfriendliness '' but rather bureaucratic incompetence . 
  i mean if they are still sending these letters today i would understand the concern but i would imagine after all the media fuss they have re-worded their templates . 
  lastly , filling a form is not an indignity mate and they are filling with people who do have the right ( image right ? ), 
  to be in this country as i said , visas . 
  on a side note , i am sorry but why should there be a quicker process for eu citizens ? 
  why do they get the privilege of jumping ahead of a non-eu migrant who is also applying for permanent residency ? 
  sorry but no mate . 
  with indians and canadians who got that letter they do have the right to live and work in the uk because they are on visas and visas do not end when an application form is submitted ( or it doesnt in the uk anyway ) . 
  hence why i said above that the home office needs to word its rejection letter ** better ** and wondered why nobody cared when it wasnt eu citizens . 
  what is the article about mate ? 
  its about permanent residency , which is what all non-eu migrants have to apply for when they want to stay in the uk for the long term . 
  eu migrants do not have to apply for it , but they have begun applying for it to cement their status in the uk regardless of brexit . 
  now this article if you read it , is about the application form for permanent residency and the fallout after people are getting rejection letters . 
  these are the same letters that have been sent for a long time , hence why i mentioned canadians and indians as they would be the ones who got these letters before the eu citizens started to apply for it when they were on visas . 
  and lastly , yes they can have a right to live and work in the uk . 
  if you are on a visa and have worked here for a certain number of years , you can apply for permanent residency and live happily ever after . 
  but regardless , that has little to do with my point . 
  eu : lets begin negotiations india : of course !, 
  wonderful . 
  eu : first things first , we need strong intellectual property laws much tougher than wipo , what do-india ? 
  india : bye -- we 've been negotiating with india for a decade now and there is very good reasons why its not going anywhere , ip laws alongside services agreements are stopping it . 
  japan is almost done but for one huge hurdle . 
  they want equivalent data exchange ( like privacy shield ) so european data ( from banks , businesses etc ) can be stored on japanese servers . 
  the problem is their privacy laws are far behind . 
  so either the eu has to lower its privacy protection standards or the japanese have to give up , apparently for them though its a red line . 
  china is a lost cause , you can barely agree anything substantial with them . 
  not this again ...  the home office 's at best clumsy and at worse malicious handling of residency claims is causing huge distress and damage to our reputation yes , they need to re-word their rejection letters better . 
  they probably already have after the millionth article about it . 
  but we didnt seem to care much when the same letter was being sent to canadians and indians did we ? 
  thats true , the same problem occurs in a lot of neighbouring countries as well . 
  i think it will come to a head after the french elections . 
  we may not extend them again . 
  what 's amusing about the slovakian position though is lajcak a few weeks ago . 
  so lajcak was in davos a couple of weeks ago , and one of the main panels he was part of was russia and the west . 
  on one side were 2 russian businessman and shuvalov ( deputy prime minister , in charge of the economy , v.influential ) on the other side was laj\u010d\u00e1k on the eu position and the american ceo of blackrock . 
  they asked laj\u010d\u00e1k a few times about eu unity in the sanctions , he continued re-iterating that sanctions will go on and there is absolute unity in the eu and until minsk agreement is back on russia will continue facing pressure . 
  pretty hardline . 
  at the same time everyone in the room knew the slovaks were not pro-sanctions , that both fico and lajcak have publicly came out against them and even supported russia on a few issues . 
  what followed was shuvalov talking about how a strong eu and a united eu is what russia always wanted and is what it continues to want , that it needs a strong eu partner that they want to be friends . 
  everybody in the room knew the russians are trying to screw over the eu . 
  they were saying the opposite of what they actually wanted/were doing , an interesting perspective on how they deal with each other . 
  the only people on the panel who were speaking the truth were the businessmen , who just wanted to make money . 
  macron is not really though is he ? 
  he famously went against the governments line when he came out a year ago and said the sanctions need to be lifted by the summer ( hence my july joke ) , and then re-iterated it . 
  he came out again and again about lifting sanctions before that . 
  are we now suppose to believe ( when his two opponents are tarnished by association with putin ) that he conveniently is for sanctions ? 
  i dont buy it at all , especially because he understands the economic impact on france is disproportionate when compared to a lot of other eu countries . 
  and if the us backpedal on sanctions , you can be certain they will become russia 's gateway to the west which traditionally was france . 
  i dont think a former goldman sachs banker will see a good deal in letting the us get money from french inaction . 
  i just am not convinced by macrons about-face . 
  it 's far too convenient . 
  already 3 countries are apparently against sanctions ( italy , slovakia , hungary ) if we add france , it 's over . 
  true but france wont be far behind . 
  the sanctions will be gone by july , might as well get in the game early . 
  yep , the politically correct term is `` austrian '' . 
  they are one of the biggest lobbying group in brussels . 
  so you have to appreciate that part . 
  the [ report ] ( http://www.ert.eu/sites/ert/files/generated/files/document/ert_benchmarking_report_2016_-_final_-_benchmarked_version.pdf ) is here . 
  it does n't talk about brexit , but factors influencing the economy . 
  it 's pretty interesting . 
  apparently they rank only germany and the uk in the top 10 competitive manufacturing countries in the world , who knew . 
  i suppose thats why they came out with the comment about the industrial plan as the uk will probably be dropping out of that top 10 now . 
  it also has probably the most depressing graphic on scaling up start ups , europe market value of its start ups is ~ 40billion ( 16 companies ) , the us is on ~ 330billion ( 89 companies ) and asia ( 42 companies ) on ~ 190 . 
  so far behind it 's depressing . 
  it makes sense when you see the graphic on venture capital funding , we were eclipsed by the chinese two years ago , they invest 19 % of the worlds venture capital funding , europe is on 13 % ( and declining ) and the us is on staggering 64 % . 
  the race has already begun and we havent even tied our shoes yet . 
  how do you know they are included ? 
  i 've been digging into their figures for a bit now and i ca n't seem to find eurostats breakdown of that classification or acknowledgement that they get the data from local authorities which maybe will have the breakdown . 
  they can apply for permanent residency if they have been here long enough . 
  that has nothing to do with the negotiations as that is their legal right . 
  what is actually happening here is that the uk for a variety of reasons has a long bureaucratic process for permanent residency that has gotten longer and [ harsher ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/money/2016/mar/12/eu-workers-deported-earning-less-35000-employees-americans-australians ) as traditionally it was only used by non-eu migrants ( eu migrants didnt need it ) and it was one way of making sure permanent residency was not falling foul of immigration fraud ( there was a huge fuss with this around a decade ago ) and another hand since they could n't control eu migrants settling it was used to try and limit settling by non-eu migrants . 
  the main issue here is if they tick the wrong box or they dont follow the rules to the letter ( most cases ) , the home office just sends out a template letter telling them they failed their application and to make preparations to leave ( which is the case in a lot of these failed applications but not for the eu ones ) . 
  its their standard rejection letter which i think they acknowledged has to be worded better in the future . 
  whats happened here is the eu migrants now have to fill out the same forms and go through the same stupid loop holes as your average american/indian/nigerian / australian etc so they have been complaining . 
  i read a lot of these in the papers which are annoying because it 's literally a trip to the citizens advice bureau that would sort their situation out , but they either dont know they can get help or telling a newspaper i guess is better ... ? 
  nobody seems to be helping them find advice ( beside the one story about the german who went to his mp and was told its a default rejection letter and not to worry ) . 
  this will happen more as any eu citizen who is in the uk now will be able to apply for permanent residency by the time brexit comes about , meaning in essence every eu citizen here would be able to stay forevermore and the home office will continue having its bureaucratic controlling box-ticking hard-on . 
  besides terrorism etc the decrease in france could also be impacted by things like airbnb . 
  i doubt they actually recorded it in their short-stay accommodation classification . 
  the three biggest airbnb cities in the world are paris ( by far the largest ) , ny and then london . 
  yep , it looks you 're right . 
  it does n't explain table 5 though . 
  it isnt about euroskepticism , but the states that causes the eu problems for its union of ` shared values ' . 
  poland right now is under warning for jeopardising the rule of law according to the commission but it still does little and poland carries on . 
  same situation with hungary before . 
  they should be triggering article 7.1 at the very least , otherwise whats the point of the article ? 
  there are really only two that the commission is having problems with , poland and hungary . 
  economy : productivity , productivity , productivity . 
  society : lack of trust in government and institutions . 
  table 5 . 
  eu budgetary balances by member state 2013-15 once you get there , go to net contributions . 
  once there , look down the list and you will see where the figures come from . 
  the treasury makes two points on its figures : \u2022 the commission includes receipts from the eu to the private sector , which are not included by the treasury ; \u2022 the treasury look at cash flow in the year , whilst the commission match transactions to a particular eu budget if you go to the commissions [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) and look at the operating budget balance , you will see the proportion is the same but because of the two above points , more is considered as expenditure . 
   so where the hell you get the `` uk : 13,952 '' net contribution from ? 
  your imagination ? 
  i got it from [ here ] ( http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/researchbriefing/summary/sn06455#fullreport ) . 
  its a briefing paper produced by parliament for the house of commons .
