  you can find the full list [ here ] ( https://bso.bradford.gov.uk/schools/cmspage.aspx?mid=1650 ) . 
  i notice quite a few are just the same language with a region/country in the brackets . 
  refugee camps are relatively safe places but staying in them does not suddenly mean you dont have a claim to asylum . 
  or your partners/children dont have a claim to asylum . 
  yea ... its a movie called reality . 
  when i worked at my local council a lot of the times i had to deal with people in various parts of their asylum claim . 
  family reunion was part of almost all these claims . 
  its also why [ `` family reunion '' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/settlement-refugee-or-humanitarian-protection/family-reunion ) is the fourth category , right after `` apply '' , on the governments website about asylum seeking . 
  i didnt even know this was actually controversial . 
  men come , they bring their families over , thats how its always been . 
  i even remember the whole asylum discussion a decade ago was about trying to stop people lying about who exactly are their partners and children when they bring them over . 
  now people are saying they arent bringing them over and its all a lie ? 
  you dont leave them behind forever , you leave them behind in temporary safety so you can pave the way forward . 
  i wouldnt put my other half on a flimsy boat with hundreds of other people and a high mortality rate . 
  i would tell them to stay on shore while i go ahead . 
  if you get through , you get in touch with them and tell them to wait while you go through the family reunion portion of the asylum claim . 
  i get a lot of the criticism but i just dont see how this one is valid at all . 
  especially because everyone knows that once a claim is processed almost all begin the process of family asylum claims to bring their partners and children over . 
  that 's how asylum claims have always happened , the men pave the way and the families follow . 
  i believe the biggest chunk has been paid back , but they have repayments i think of a few billion per year left until mid 2020 's . 
  what they did do was clear their arrears ( they failed to pay last year ) , so they dont owe anything to the imf besides the repayments . 
  i know , its really sad in hindsight . 
  the problem is because the germans wouldnt have gone in without the imf . 
  even though to be honest , europe could have funded all or almost all by itself without the imf ( which is everyone 's point ) . 
  but the eurozone countries needed a lie to convince their people and germany with the biggest bill found this with the imf . 
  it convinced them that the imf is joining , greece is not a bottomless pit that we throw money into , that there is a credible rescue package with credible international arrangements . 
  as we controlled that institution , the imf jumped on board , we also made sure they took up a big part of the eventual bill . 
  the imf is now taking a step back and trying to get out of the mess without causing it all to fall apart . 
  so the germans are getting angtsy again especially with elections . 
  they again dont want to join without the imf . 
  the whole debt reductions thing is all baloney , the money is already lost ( almost non-existent fixed interest rate , over 50 + years ) . 
  when that 's eventually paid off , its value is almost nothing to what was given , especially with how its been set up . 
  so cutting the headline amount means nothing much when the money isnt coming back . 
  but again , politics means the germans cant admit this publicly while the imf is pretty much saying whats the point when the money isnt returning ? 
  just cut the debt amounts and let them have more room to grow . 
  its interesting to see where this goes but it doesnt look like the imf is backing down . 
  world bank is unlikely , it will stay with the us for the foreseeable future . 
  our influence in both however has dropped . 
  we pretty much have lost control of the imf . 
  the only thing stopping the decline in the imf was the us . 
  the next round of quota/voting adjustments are starting again soon , while the previous round have just been ratified by the us . 
  china has doubled their voting share and are still far away from where they ought to be . 
  we will have a new election after the new voting/quota are concluded again . 
  i dont see how they will accept a european head again , even the us thinks europe fucked up on greece . 
  [ the biggest bailouts in the imf ] ( https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjwhbfdfxiu/ieziri9crdbq/v2/-1x-1.jpg ) have all happened because of the european debt crisis . 
  outside of europe they are either annoyed or angry at it . 
  dsk pretty much started the bailouts to protect the european banks and the eurozone from contagion , a new policy was created so the imf could give money to countries that are of `` systemic exception '' even though they dont think its likely to be repayed and this money was almost immediate . 
  they then threw more money after more money without really knowing if the greeks can repay , exactly what they dont do with everyone else . 
  and afterall that , we are still in a mess . 
  when american , brazilian , chinese , indian money was used to bailout europe , if i was them i would definitely not be happy . 
  the americans not being happy about the greece deal in congress is one of the reasons that the imf reform took so long , and now they changed it so that they will need to know beforehand ( so they can veto ) if it ever happens again ( the systemic exception rule for greece ) with the intention of repealing that policy forever . 
  embarrassing . 
  we cant send a head to the imf without them embarrassing the whole of europe . 
  the next head will definitively be from outside europe for the first time ever . 
  we have shown over the course of this decade we really dont deserve to have total control of this institution . 
  yea mate , i have full on salary too . 
  / s the reason why turkey is still a member of nato , despite everything you mentioned . 
  the reason why stoltenberg doesnt even consider the possibility of a turkish expulsion when asked . 
  you might be surprised , but my opinion is the prevalent view in nato . 
  thats why nothing has changed with regards to turkey and you have articles like the above trying to change the prevailing view . 
  so either most of the military establishment are propaganda shills or it might be useful for you to look at other viewpoints with an open mind . 
   one last thing . 
  previous coups were by secular elements . 
  this time it was done by islamists ( although pro-western , try to square that one out ) . 
  thats not true . 
   the yanks just pulled their nukes and put them in romania . 
  if turkey was as reliable as you desperately want to portray them as , then those nukes would have come back by now . 
  do you understand that the nukes stationed in turkey are not operational ? 
  as in they cant be used . 
  its basically a storage unit and has been for a very long time . 
  secondly , during the coup incirlik was shut down by the coup officers . 
  electricity was shut down and us planes were stopped from flying in or out . 
  if that happens again , what then ? 
  thats not a safe place to keep these weapons , full stop . 
  this is to do more with the coup plotters being military officers that endangered the weapons more than anything else . 
  this doesnt take into consideration that the us was looking to move those weapons out of europe in any case . 
  lastly , we dont have confirmation they actually have been moved anywhere . 
  just rumours . 
   turkey is only in nato because it is seen serving western interests . 
  having a powerful military means jack shit if they ca n't be relied upon . 
  erdogan 's rants against the west in general reveals a loose cannon . 
  its in nato because its a vital part of european security . 
  that is the our most vital interest , the security of europe . 
  turkey leaving nato endangers that more then turkey staying in . 
  its really that simple . 
   nato is not about democracy but it is about trust . 
  it 's possible to have a military partnership with turkey outside of nato , like we do with egypt . 
  no it is not . 
  we dont have a military alliance with egypt in most senses of the word . 
  the us sends them money , they buy us military stuff , they sometimes have exercises with us to practise with what they bought . 
  that is not the equivalent of nato . 
  the person-to-person contact , the military relationships over decades , the interoperability of equipment , policy and soldiers . 
  none of this is remotely similar with our military relationships with egypt , bringing it down to that level would basically mean not having an alliance . 
   nato should only be reserved for those closest to us . 
  turkey is drifting away fairly dramatically in that regard , but you of course have massive amnesia of the last 10 , especially 5 , years . 
  the second we kick turkey out of nato , its the second the us will have to spend incredible amounts of manpower and money to protect the mediterranean from russian/turkish interference . 
  the 6th fleet would need more resources . 
  who is willing to foot that bill ? 
  currently the turks keep the russians closed off in the black sea , stop them from even considering improving their navy as its pretty much pointless . 
  once the bosphorus opens , its anyones game , and the mediterranean navies will have difficulty fully controlling it .
