  we did give loans to ireland during their bailouts . 
  but that was as far as we were willing to go . 
   that is exactly what we hear from russians , when one of there politician come out with something outrageously stupid and offensive to others , they say the person is fringe , crazy , no one takes they seriously etc. 
  mate ... melanie philips is not a politician , none of that is really relevant . 
  even still politicians say outrageous things regularly in many countries , its not unique to the uk or even russia . 
  did you not just see the mep who ** last week ** stood up in the european parliament faced his female colleagues and said women are inferior to men , weaker then men and less intelligent then men . 
  in the middle of fucking parliament . 
  he was called fringe and crazy , i 'm guessing the eu is the same as the russians now ? 
  but again , none of this is really relevant because the lady who said this is ... just another member of the public . 
  not a politician . 
   the times may be a private company but it owner is closely tied to your ruling party and major politicians , to say its owner is not a political player is naive or disingenuous , the man has been in downing street more often than most mps . 
  kinda like denis o'brien right ? 
   fringe and offensive views have become more common in both the uk and russia and are been given more mainstream platforms . 
  both countries are happy to have its media vilifying others based on lies by the media and there political class , while at the same time being apologist for there own crimes of the past . 
   you are following the same path as russia , in those ways . 
  im guessing we will be invading dublin soon then ? 
  new crimea and all that . 
  the times give her a platform because they are a private company and can do whatever they like . 
  they are not the british government or an arm of it . 
   the british are starting to sound an awful lot like russian in a lot of things they are coming out with lately . 
  who are the british you are speaking about ? 
  im sorry but columnists dont speak for a country . 
  you 're not very far from the generalisations that melanie philips is known for . 
  oh come on now , this is melanie phillips . 
  she is the countries main batshit columnist . 
  she is a caricature by now . 
  they got her from the daily mail ( where she practised her anti-immigrant stuff ) who got her from the guardian ( where she railed against thatcher and the dangerous right ) , and she has been perfecting the craft of getting you to choke on your morning cereal while you read whatever shit pops into her head for the past 40 years . 
  its only ever one-upped by seeing her cackling on question time about gay muslims hiding in her closet . 
  comes out with gems , like the uk is a :  a debauched and disorderly culture of instant gratification , with disintegrating families , feral children and violence , squalor and vulgarity on the streets or the time back in 06 when she said the uk :  [ has ] created a climate in britain that has alarming echoes of weimar in the 1930s . 
  there is the same combination of amorality and appeasement , of decadence and denial . 
  its a shame the ambassador stooped to even replying to her . 
  for her , i guess , its job done . 
  onto the next thing , maybe how hygge is destroying the family . 
  they have a few models being built to the early 2020 's . 
  after those models end , they will probably shut it down . 
  it should n't be too bad , those two have been threatened with various forms of closure for almost [ 15 years now ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/1080993.stm ) . 
  you would think people would take a step back and have contingencies by now . 
  doubt they will get the nissan deal ( whatever that entailed ) either , psa are not run by carlos ghosn afterall . 
  i think the fact they did n't know and that you needed an advisor attests to the fact that it is an exceptional case . 
  indeed i do n't know of any brit who doesnt have an ni number ( and from friends who come from abroad i know how difficult bureaucracy is when they do n't have that number ) . 
  especially seeing as the advisor has seen those cases before make me think it is indeed a weird one . 
  most of the mundane and non-exceptional cases do n't get to an advisor . 
  people fill it out the forms without much fuss . 
  well ... i do n't think anyone is saying they know your life more then you . 
  but that you are characterising your exceptional situation as a normal one . 
  in any case , i thought it was a nice discussion . 
  yea , its pretty difficult to do much without an ni number . 
  especially when you fill out government related forms for anything . 
  your misunderstanding my position here , its not a defence of the form . 
  it was first an attempt to help someone on how to get advice from the citizens advice bureau for their visa ( unrelated to this form ) , which was led to a discussion on how much help the government should give to form fillers . 
  i held the position that if your british and dont have an ni number and you are trying to get a visa for someone coming into the uk and you yourself are not in the country ( and evidently have never worked in it ) , that 's an exceptional enough circumstance that it shouldnt be expected there to be a information box for that particular scenario . 
  i think the whole system has issues , but the eu permanent residency form is not nearly the biggest outrage , just look at the life in the uk test we make non-eu people go through . 
  or the equally long and even more byzantine process of getting indefinite leave to remain . 
  both should be reformed , but one side gets more media attention then the other , but the ones getting screwed in the end will be the non-eu residents who wont see any changes . 
  i should have added an `` and '' for the bit about the ni number . 
  so both dont live here , but the british half on top of that doesnt have an ni number . 
  thats a weird and exception circumstance in my opinion . 
   for the rest , i 'm just really not going to get into an argument about whether or not it 's the government 's role to do a half-assed job of providing info on visas , so that immigration lawyers can save the day by forcing the government to protect human rights . 
  the government does n't need to create problems for immigration lawyers to solve . 
  your situation is exceptional , presumably if they add another hundred pages to each form to take into consideration all possibilities you would think it was better ? 
  there has to be a balance struck between giving every possible immigration scenario a chance in a long form and good old fashioned talking and writing letters . 
  there is an argument for it to be more effective in the advice on the forms , but i think thats a case for the home office to be better bureaucrats and not some change in the governments position . 
   also , the people these companies employ are not lawyers . 
  they are paper-pushers . 
  you dont seem to like them but the legal advice comes from a solicitor . 
  if you know one that is not , contact the oisc and have them struck off the register . 
   it is the job of the government to provide information on how to fill out government forms . 
  if you lose the application and want to appeal , sure , hire an immigration lawyer . 
  it does n't take great resources though to not add an asterisk when you do n't mean that the space has to be filled out or to add an information bubble that states that if you do n't have an ni number you can leave this blank or heck , inform cab that this is the approach that should be taken . 
  and they do . 
  from what you are suggesting you dont seem to want the government to be immigration lawyers either , but to continue what they currently do but at the same time be more clear . 
  thats a matter of execution ( putting an extra information bubble for each scenario ) and not that the policy is wrong . 
   it 's not exactly beyond the realm of imagination to figure out that if somebody is applying for a visa for a foreign spouse living outside of the uk , they might not be living in the uk themselves . 
  er ... it is a bit weird if you are applying for a visa to the uk and neither the person applying nor the person receiving the visa are actually in the uk . 
  thats not a the issue here though , the issue is lack of an ni card . 
  most can still apply as everyone gets an ni number at 16 , so even if you are abroad the vast majority of brits abroad should still have their ni number . 
  i dont see that as a reason for an extra box , since the ni number is pretty much the closest thing we have to a national id . 
  if you dont have one , there is a bigger issue at play here , and its an exceptional circumstance . 
   treating british citizens ' human right to a family life as an industry is precisely the problem here . 
  that 's hyperbole , the legal industry is not a industry threatening british human rights , they are actually the bulwark against governmental overreach and bureaucratic nonsense . 
  immigration lawyers are there to protect the rights enshrined in law that people have . 
   a good way to deal with that would be for the state to accept its responsibility towards its own citizens and provide them with the advice they need instead of passing their job onto privite companies . 
  that is my entire point . 
  it is not a choice between scammers and expensive legal professionals . 
  it 's simply not the job of the government to be an immigration lawyer . 
  there is enough free advice that can be gotten to fill out the forms for the vast majority of people . 
  the governments sole job in those situations should be giving legal aid ( money ) , so vulnerable people who cant afford complex advice can get access . 
  everyone one else should either use the free advice , or if they cant be bothered to do the leg work or their situation is complex , find an immigration advisor and let them handle it . 
  the governments role should again be to regulate the industry not be the industry . 
   that 's very nice for them . 
  maybe they were lucky ? 
  maybe their cases were n't very difficult ? 
  our main difficulty was that i did n't have a ni number yet because i 'd only ever worked outside the uk before and was moving back for a job i had just been hired for and the space in the form had an asterisk next to it . 
  the only advice we got was to put my ni number in that space . 
  yea , trying to apply for * anything * in the uk without an ni number is not the best of places to be in . 
  you cant do much without it . 
  thats a very specific scenario which is why i also emphasised advice you will be getting online will be general and generic , and hence the visit etc. 
  their scenario was pretty straightforward , similar to the majority of applications , one spouse lived and worked in the uk already and the another was coming in . 
  he obviously had an ni number . 
   we did visit them .
