  if the german public are against it , they will have a wake up call when its explained to them . 
  either soon or in the future , and when that happens they will need to make a choice . 
  its better for the rest of europe if that is made clear to them now . 
  either walk down the path of a full union with open eyes , or be in for a rude awakenning when the a crisis hits and there isnt much time to discuss and debate it . 
  i am not saying either is a correct choice btw , i am actually quite sympathetic to your position . 
  but the path was paved when the euro was created , its unfair to other to just stall on the path and decide to not go forward . 
   i would move far , far away then as i would rather earn less overall but have bigger chunk of my pay for myself . 
  it depends on who you are as a person i guess . 
  there are also people like me , who like living in london . 
  in fact , i like living close to the centre . 
  it means i can do the things i enjoy in this city ( which are a lot ) more easily . 
  i dont particularly want to live outside in a suburb or small town . 
  it always comes down to what you want to do in life . 
  maybe in the future when i no longer have my youth , i would decide to go more outside but for now ... im not too interested . 
   and then the idea that my rent would cost me as much as paying mortgage for few of locations makes me sad . 
  my rent for a room in a houseshare with friends , is roughly the price of a monthly mortgage payment for a flat in cheaper places in the uk . 
   we really are going to end with empty homes and streets full of homeless . 
  well ... it is london . 
   there 's a hole in the world  like a great black pit  and the vermin of the world inhabit it  and its morals are n't worth  what a pig could spit  and it goes by the name of london  at the top of the hole  sit a privileged few  making mock of the vermin  in the lower zoo  turning beauty into filth and greeeed, 
   can you be more-specific in what it is that you object to ? 
  we actually semi-regularly have this discussion on the london subreddit . 
  its pretty realistic . 
  you can view the lastest one [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/5yzapv/whats_your_rent_to_salary_ratio/ ) . 
  also bear in mind there is a mix of people discussing their rent relative to the combined income with a partner or their single income . 
  the artform called merkel and the epp ? 
  that pdf does n't seem to want to open for me . 
  can you expand on what it is ? 
  i was n't making a point about the semantics regarding if it was vitriolic or not . 
  but that , saying that about another member state is not the same as saying it about the eu . 
  i believe there is a distinction between the two . 
  while the eu has member states in it , it 's also an organisation in its own right . 
  criticising the institution itself would be criticising the eu . 
   it 's a good thing thank god for your brexiters . 
  i voted remain , mate . 
   she 's using the eu as a scapegoat to gain more people to vote for her anticiped election . 
  thats not what she said , but that is your intreperation of it ( which is fair ) but its also not an insult . 
   shady , confrontational for example ? 
   making outrageous demands outrageous is a matter of perception but i dont think that constituties an insult . 
  what demands are `` outrageous '' ? 
  unrealistic i can understand , but outrageous ? 
  an outrageous demand is asking for calais back . 
   making threat to make the uk a tax haven or refuse to cooperate agains ' t terrorism in europe neither of which is the case if you read the actual comments said . 
  the first one wasnt her who said it but the chancellor . 
  the chancellor said :  if we have no access to the european market , if we are closed off , if britain were to leave the european union without an agreement on market access , then we could suffer from economic damage at least in the short-term . 
  in this case , we could be forced to change our economic model and we will have to change our model to regain competitiveness . 
  and you can be sure we will do whatever we have to do . ` the british people are not going to lie down and say , too bad , we 've been wounded . 
  we will change our model , and we will come back , and we will be competitively engaged . ' that has been interpreted as cutting taxes . 
  but that again is an interpretation and not what he actaully said . 
  taxation is not the only policy which makes you more competitive . 
  as for terrorism , they actually said no such thing . 
  this is what caused the fuss :  in security terms a failure to reach agreement would mean our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened . 
  in this kind of scenario , both the united kingdom and the european union would of course cope with the change , but it is not the outcome that either side should seek . 
  we must therefore work hard to avoid that outcome . 
  all she said was a new agreement would be needed , which is true . 
  we cant share or recieve eu intelligence datasets without an agreement with the eu . 
  this has been interpreted as saying the uk will refuse to cooperate on terrorism . 
  no , it just means it will be harder because it wont be seamless anymore . 
  it would end up as being case by case . 
  this is the exact same thing the current head of europol also said . 
  have you read the book mate ? 
  its discussing the attribution of blame in wider society not blame by the government . 
  i am not being naieve . 
  i understand the eu is blamed but the distinction i am making is between the uk government and the rest . 
  journalists , talk show hosts , members of parliament , pub landlords , the guy you play football with , they may blame the eu for everything , i was curious as to when the people who run the country actually did . 
   insulting europe what was the insult she said ? 
  so if tomorrow , a member of any eu government , lets say macron in a few months time , criticises orban , they are throwing vitriol at the eu ? 
  or cricises romania leaders for their parliamentary shenanigans ? 
  or what about criticising kaczynski ( although technically not part of the governement ) ? 
  there is a distinction between criticisng fellow member states governments and criticising the eu . 
  you cant say any criticism of fellow member states is also criticism of the eu . 
  if you get past the independents headline , was he throwing vitriol at the eu or a member state ? 
   `` if mr hollande wants to administer punishment beatings to anybody who seeks to escape [ the eu ] , in the manner of some world war two movie , i do n't think that is the way forward , and it 's not in the interests of our friends and partners . '', 
   `` it seems absolutely incredible to me that , in the 21st century , member states of the eu should be seriously contemplating the reintroduction of tariffs or whatever to administer punishment to the uk . '' that is not criticising or throwing vitriol at the eu , its parliament and institutions or its bureaucracy . 
  it 's criticising france 's president . 
  genuine question . 
  can you give an example when members of the british government threw vitriol at the eu ? 
   pretty much yes . 
  a vast majority of usd clearing operations take place in the us . 
  ny is the best financial centre in the world . 
  but ny doesnt clear it exclusively , which is what the eu is trying here , it clears the most because it is in the best position too . 
  what the eurozone should do is try that approach , be better at it then the competition . 
  in fact the biggest clearing house in london , [ lch , clears more dollars ] ( https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/image/v2/images/raw/http%3a%2f%2fcom.ft.imagepublish.prod.s3.amazonaws.com%2f2bd352b2-2f2f-11e7-9555-23ef563ecf9a?source=next&amp;fit=scale-down&amp;width=600 ) then it does euros . 
  even if clears most of the euro in the world . 
  there are two approaches , either the eu takes the us approach and basically has the eu equivalent of the cftc supervise the clearing houses . 
  or the eu forces all clearing activity to take place in the eu . 
   the usd clearing in london stays with companies supervised by the fed , mostly through us financial agents such goldman sachs and others . 
  the cftc supervises and inspects them . 
  lch is not inspected by goldman sachs if thats what you are implying , its inspected by cftc . 
  cftc regularly turn up and check in on them . 
   since the ecb will not be able to extend the supervision to uk anymore , the euro clearing will move to eu , and it 's likely in few years , the usd clearing will follow . 
  it can , which is what the argument here is about . 
  it will most likely extend supervision as the consequence of the other option for the european banking sector is dramatic . 
  once it begins , it will be interesting to see the eurozone banks explain to the commission their management of risk through netting and compressing at a big clearing center and how their risk will become ridiculous once its fragmented and spread out across the eurozone . 
  the italian banks in particular might not even make it past a fortnight . 
  supervision and regulation is not whats being implied here , its full sale forcing a move . 
  supervision like i said before is the likely outcome and the rules used are fine for the uk . 
  but of course thats not whats some countries want , they dont want to be only supervise , they want the market in the eurozone ( preferably in their capital ) . 
   as long as they are in the eu , they will be unaffected . 
  nope , they will be as the eventual move is to move the euro clearing into the ** euro ** zone as the ecb has always wanted . 
   clearing is not the same as currency exchange .
