  this isnt some orwellian scheme , its just a lady who has not bothered to go to the citizens advice bureau and get free advice on her application and has gone straight to a journalist to tell/sell her story . 
  thousands go through this process with poor english skills and education and come out of it absolutely fine . 
  its not rocket science . 
  you are right , the rules state :  please note : we will only accept alternative evidence of your identity and nationality if you can show that you are not able to submit a valid passport , travel document or national identity card due to circumstances beyond your control . 
  her reason was she needed her passport to go visit the netherlands to see her sick mom . 
  the civil servant looked at that and decided that is within her control , wait until your mother is not sick and delay your application . 
  its not urgent . 
  thats probably not considered a valid reason . 
  a legitimate reason is that you do n't have your passport as its being renewed in your home country and stuck in bureaucracy , it was stolen and is being replaced i.e. 
  things you actually can not control . 
  they then sent her a cookie-cutter reply and we have a news story !, 
  this could have all been dealt with one trip to the citizens advice bureau . 
  they deal with thousands of these cases daily ... 
  mrs covers non market research ( in this case social research ) . 
  you are not obliged to abide by any other guidelines but its good that you do . 
  it usually sounds like `` off of '' rather than `` of of '' to me . 
  you are confusing academic research in universities with professional research . 
  the only guidelines he needs to abide by are the mrs ones . 
  but in that scenario , it 's an irish issue is n't it ? 
  the majority voted out democratically ( and presumably joined the republic ) and so the ensuing problems are the republics with limited support and assistance from the remaining uk . 
  but still the republics sovereignty is more paramount so the uk would be hands off . 
  probably ending the cta aswell since the republic is a separate island that is also in the eu . 
  this is of course if the uk handled it dispassionately , which wo n't happen . 
  which ironically would be better for britain in the short and long term , if looked at dispassionately . 
  thanks so the true unemployment would be both categories combined ? 
  btw , by formation do you mean some sort of learning courses ? 
  can you explain the changes please ? 
  what are the two categories and what was changed ? 
  * legible, 
  yep , they are committing war crimes . 
  casually using terms like genocide though without really understanding it , what it signifies and the actual situation on the ground devalues the term itself . 
  i really dislike when people do it because if you call everything a genocide its like the boy who cried wolf . 
  the un havent called it that yet and i dont think people should either . 
  jesus christ guys ... he is basically saying those four countries ( which are the original four before they joined up and made it a political rather then an economic term ) , have large populations and large growth trends . 
  those countries have a large capacity to grow because of these large populations . 
  they are inevitably going to grow larger then any single european country in the future . 
  so he was saying the fact that these big countries overtake the uk is inevitable and its the same with them overtaking germany and is not a consequence of brexit because staying in would not have reversed that trend . 
  for example pwc believes nigeria will be larger than any european economy in around 30 years ( 2050 ) . 
  while india , brazli , indonesia , russia will be all larger than any european economy by 2030 . 
  the projections and predictions differ but the general consensus is that european countries will continue becoming a smaller and smaller part of the global economy as larger countries catch up . 
  no economic projections have that trend reversing and the european countries keeping their relative economic positions globally . 
  what kind of attitude is that ? 
  dont think thats a helpful or mature position . 
  having a border inconveniences everyone but it inconveniences those in the north more than those in the south . 
  we shouldnt be trying to screw over some of the poorest parts of our country who are already going to be screwed over quite badly by the economic impacts . 
  especially if that part of the country is prone to a fair few killings here and there . 
  this wouldnt be an issue if the north could deal with it all fine and dandy . 
  the border is a big issue for the gfa but i dont see how the uk can do anything about it as it requires a bilateral discussion to start between the uk and ireland for it to be sorted out . 
  they cant even discuss it with ireland even if they wanted too . 
  bilateral discussion are not allowed . 
  so what can be done ? 
  it can only wait until article 50 is triggered and the exit negotiations begin . 
  i 'm sure then the eu26 will agree for the bilateral discussions to begin and then once a agreement is concluded be put to the other eu26 to agree as well ( the implications for eu borders should be put to veto by all eu26 countries ) and then be added to the exit negotiation deal . 
  but until then there is nothing that can be done as ireland doesnt have the pull to convince them that the border / gfa is an exceptional case that should be negotiated separately or negotiated earlier and they quite rightly are not going to the listen to the uk make the same argument . 
  is n't the only thing that might cause a problem the tories stupid human rights act bollocks . 
  besides that what are the threats to the gfa the uk government can do something about ? 
  yep , its completely dead in the uk as well . 
  the only ships that are built are public contracts ( boaty mcboatface ) or military ones . 
  two military shipbuilding companies run the show ( babcock and bae ) . 
  its very similar to the us in that sense . 
  the industry is kept up by the military . 
  killing large groups is not genocide . 
  otherwise the us shock and awe in iraq would have been considered genocide . 
  it becomes genocide when its targeting specific groups because of ethnicity , religion , race or nationality . 
  none of which is happening because its far too complex to simply define the houthis/saleh groups as one of those . 
  they are not all zaidi 's , they are not all the same tribes , they are an opposition group . 
  same with the hadi groupings . 
  an understanding of the hashids , bakil and other tribes in the context of modern yemeni politics would go along way to dispel the notion . 
  the hashids were a longtime supporters of the muslim brotherhood even though the majority are zaidi 's . 
  during the war they alternatively fought with the houthis , with the saleh government , with the saudis etc. 
  now remnants from their political parties are now fighting the houthis , while their tribal groups are either neutral or with the houthis . 
  you have sunni nationalist loyal to the government fighting the saudi 's , while islamists are fighting everyone . 
  not understanding the internal tribal dynamics and the loose mixture of religion , tribal loyalty and nationalism means a lot of times there is gross simplification . 
  there isnt a genocide although there are war crimes . 
  what makes it a genocide ? 
  on a side note , its interesting to watch the decline of the european ship-building industry . 
  these vessels were built while it was still competitive vis-a-vis asia . 
  the 3 major east asian nations completely dominate it now , not one country is in the same league . 
  the whole continent is barely in the same league as any one of them . 
  its on pretty much life-support now ( we have 8 shipyards in the top 100 and 0 in the top 30 and a few of those 8 are owned by the asian shipbuilders ) . 
  we really are becoming minnows and a lot stay open because of public contracts and specialisation . 
  i was just reading we lost about 30-40 thousand ship building jobs in europe just in the recession ( europe as a whole had ** 1 ** new order in 2009 ) and wont be surprised if its still going down . 
  we might dip below 100,000 ship building jobs in europe by the end of the decade . 
  whats really worrying is that the niche markets we operate in are now under threat as the big boys in asia are beginning to focus on those too . 
  what makes it more depressing in a sense is that almost half of the customers are european companies . 
  we even have an issue in our traditionally dominant industry of marine equipment and parts . 
  we use to own that and are kinda technically still the major players but because we license a lot of our technology , most of it is built by the big ship builders in asia ( korea/japan wont , but can anyone guarantee the chinese wont just go ahead and steal it for themselves ? ), 
  it 's a shame as its a traditional european industry , but i guess as long as the military/defence implications to its decline are limited its not the biggest worry . 
  its an ethnicity question . 
  it looks like the standard ones we have in our census . 
  are ethnicity question not asked in spain ? 
  btw , its a legitimate question . 
  mixed is the fastest growing minority group and is set to be the largest in a few years hence why you get the sub-categorisation . 
  in fact , its becoming so common we are seeing a decrease in the black caribbean population in particular . 
  there are now 2 to 1 more mixed black caribbean and white kids then there are just black carribean kids . 
  other interesting things are the immigrants mixing with themselves where you have for example 23 % of kids born to a polish parent also having a african/asian parent . 
  no , it means the government statistics office split the italian language into italian , [ italian ( sicilian ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicilian_language ) , [ italian ( neopolitan ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neapolitan_language ) and italian ( other ) . 
  it seems the italian parents assumed it was a byword for ethnicity , or maybe they didnt , but they got offended in any case . 
  they did the same with portuguese ( brazil ) ( other ) and have galician as its own category , arabic is split into 7 , chinese into 6 . 
  i think they were trying to get enough language detail in without it getting too ridiculous but ended up offending a few people in the process .
