  if the us doesnt hit recession , they will consume . 
  the dail eireann has had some very good brexit discussions for a while now . 
  its obviously complex and predicting it is hard . 
  they 've been looking at potential impacts on sectors as well , which i think is more interesting then trying to find an overal figure for the whole country . 
  for ireland it will be your sme 's and small companies that will be affected . 
  dublin should do well out of it though , the multinationals arent so connected to the uk market and they should get more business from the uk by still being in the eu . 
  the potential damage to ireland is stunning . 
  everything from fishing and agribusiness to race horsing and tourism . 
  it 's all affected . 
  race horsing/breeding in kildare was interesting to me , there are 50k people directly/indirectly employed in the industry . 
  both countries basically work as one market , who knows what damage will be caused if it ceases as the main source of deman for the horses are in the uk . 
  for tourism , there is the threat of a cheaper sterling redircting tourist flows while at the same time limiting uk tourists into ireland , which a deputy from wicklow raised and believes has already begun . 
  and then its the farmers . 
  to give you an example of the implications here , your agrifood business which has close to a quarter of a million workers can be dramatically damaged . 
  they are pretty much the lifeblood of rural ireland , keeping local economies alive . 
  the damage caused by brexit , if its not adequately addressed ( ensuring cap money in next eu budget increases etc ) will bring about a real danger . 
  some quotes below from a recent debate :  farmers , agri-businesses and suppliers throughout my constituency of roscommon-galway are worried about the potentially devastating consequences of a hard brexit . 
  agriculture is one of the main priorities in rural counties such as roscommon and galway . 
  reduced access to the uk market , owing to tariff barriers , a diminution in the value of the uk market through increased imports from lower cost countries and a potential reduction in the cap budget post-brexit present significant threats to the future growth and development of the irish farming and food sectors . 
  in a scenario where there is a 10 % reduction in the cap budget and a reduction in uk food prices resulting from reduced tariffs on imports , teagasc has estimated that farm incomes could fall by a whopping 26 % . 
  when applied to the national farm income figure of $ 2.5 billion in 2016 , this would mean a reduction in farm incomes of almost $ 700 million . 
  [ ... ] beef farmers are particularly worried as cuts of 37 % to cattle farm incomes would gravely undermine the viability of suckler beef production in ireland and substantially reduce the size of the 1 million suckler cow herd . 
  this would jeopardise the livelihoods of the 100,000 farmers involved in livestock and beef production , resulting in thousands of job losses and the loss of export earnings . 
  [ . . ]  the uk 's proposed exit from the eu is a clear and present danger to the irish agrifood sector . 
  it represents one of the biggest risks to farmers , exporters and jobs since the foundation of the state . 
  the agrifood sector supports 270,000 jobs in rural communities . 
  it is the most exposed sector of our economy , given that 37 % of all irish food exports go to the uk . 
  these exports accounted for $ 4.1 billion in value in 2016 . 
  as the irish farming and food sector has a higher dependence on the uk market than other sectors in ireland , it is most exposed to any negative economic impact of the uk brexit decision . 
  the mushroom industry in counties cavan and monaghan has been thrown into turmoil and virtually wiped out since the uk referendum , with some $ 7 million worth of mushroom exports and 130 jobs lost . 
  [ . . ]  in 2014 , the ifa calculated that the value of agricultural exports arising from agricultural output in county meath was $ 493.8 million , or almost half of $ 1 billion . 
  i have no doubt that this figure has since increased in line with the improvement in the economy . 
  farming is the lifeblood of rural ireland . 
  farm family incomes help to keep shops , pubs and caf\u00e9s open in places like nobber and skryne . 
  in 2014 , some 2,535 people in county meath were employed in food and drinks processing jobs which stem from the agricultural products of the county . 
  with new businesses like the slane castle distillery having opened since , i do not doubt that there are many more people employed in the food and drinks sector . 
  this must be protected and expanded upon in the forthcoming talks and trade missions . 
  this will be difficult . 
  it will test the abilities of ministers , teagasc personnel and members of the ifa and other representative bodies to the limit . 
  i have every faith in them . 
   i know . 
  say it . 
  sorry but yep . 
  i support freedom of movement but you are asking the impossible . 
  the sad fact is freedom of movement will have to end for the uk , one way or another . 
  it has become completely untenable . 
  when the flow of people became substantial , what the government was meant to do was invest more money into local communities to handle that influx . 
  but the recession hit and the opposite occured . 
  what you end up with is incredibly frustrated people , with local services strained and a lot of indignation . 
  at this point what 's done is done and you wont be changing peoples opinions on it . 
  blair was too much of a europhile and set up the conditions for this but it has happened and you cant change the past . 
  lastly , the most important thing to realise is sometimes it 's not about economics . 
  so whats logical to you is logical because it makes the most economic sense . 
  but it really cant be done as it continues freedom of movement . 
  the eu made clear the uk cant cherry pick , so it either has to accept freedom of movement which is politically untenable or reject the norway model . 
   hard brexit is refusing all principles of the eu and having no trade deal with the eu . 
  thats not actually hard brexit , hard brexit implies leaving single market membership and the customs union . 
  it does not mean not having a trade deal with the eu . 
  it basically means no freedom of movement . 
  the bbc explains it [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39858788 ) . 
  you can have a trade deal with the eu for access to the single market but it wont give you the access that membership does . 
  the bigger issue is if the european courts will be the final place of appeal for eu citizens or if it 's uk courts . 
  that is the main stumbling block as accepting everyone keeping their current rights is not a hard sell for theresa . 
  the former however is . 
  the uk position is that once the uk leaves it 's a third country . 
  there is no acceptable way for having european courts overriding courts in the uk and vice versa . 
  this has been the main sticking point as far as i am aware . 
   but now apparently is n't . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  you do know this is just a parliamentary hearing ( of which there are hundreds every year ) where they report on a topic ? 
  now because the home office hasnt sent a deputy junior of the deputy to give a written statement they are not interested in the negotations ? 
  this has little bearing on negotations which parliament is not involved in . 
  the eu parliament will be safely ignored in the whole negotation process by both sides . 
  when the deal is concluded and the council is happy , it will be presented to them as a fait accompli . 
  the epp ( and the s&d ) will turn to its members and whip them to vote for it like they do whenever the council unanimously agrees on anything . 
  it reminds me of the puerto rico one , which i dont like either . 
  it 's the corner bit that im not a fan of . 
   those mint chocolate in those green packets ( ca n't remember the name ) . 
  [ after eight ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf-qlylrkfe ) ? 
  well funnily enough , it 's now owned by nestle . 
  we do have a lot of good small chocolatiers as well though . 
  cadbury was destroyed by those venture capatilists but there are a lot of good stuff out there if you move past the big brands . 
  my favourites being hotel chocolat , duffy and paul a young chocolates . 
  i think our small quality producers can give most places a run for their money . 
  am i the only one who thinks that catalan flag is kinda shit ? 
  the one with the white star in the corner i mean ( the simple lined one is okay ) . 
  i did a quick google search of the author and it seems he is the head of a civil organisation devoted to opposing catalan independence . 
  a better disclaimer would have been nice . 
  as for the article , it 's upto the spanish , but if they arent willing to let them have a vote on independence , will the issue just go away or will positions be hardened ? 
  if this generation in power fail to find a political solution will a hardened position mean something radicial is then done out of desperation ? 
  a vote in the end would be a simple solution but i can see the fear of the precedent it creates . 
  i understand , i think its a popular view but the realities of actually governing tend to put those views to rest . 
  france didnt really need to push its view as by joining the eec at the time , the uk accepted the need for internal european answers . 
  which as a by product , helped boost france standings . 
  and france gave up on trying to stop nato influence when it pulled out in the 60 's as it understood that nato was nescessary for europe ( even if it wasnt for them ) . 
  no european leader has ever asked the us to pull troops out of their country . 
  in 70 years , none . 
  the basic issue is europe can not defend its interests without the us , and that everyone in europe ( the uk included ) thinks on issues outside of defence europe should find its own answers . 
  those basic realities of governing means these two views dont really clash nearly as often as people state . 
  reality tends to break things down quite well .
