  so the rules is , you cant be fined if your france or germany or if the fine will cause a risk of populist contagion . 
  haha . 
  it was . 
  it was one of the 12 chapters of the white paper and had a section devoted to it . 
  they 've been very clear about both the fruit pickers and city bankers ( if you live here , you can stay ) . 
   the problems is that the uk 's mechanism for registering foreigners was never fit for purpose as evidenced by the delays and complications with those seeking naturalisation . 
  the uk has decided that an eu passport is not good enough for the uk by restricting migrants but has no viable replacement system nor the manpower for its implementation . 
  its simply had to deal with increased demand ( 40 + % increase in applications immediately after brexit that the home office was not expecting ) , and you also had a lot of these new people filling out the forms incorrectly . 
  to add to this , the home office started to send out template denial letters to all of who messed up the form , regardless of their residency status . 
  they then stopped sending the template letters when that caused too many misunderstandings . 
  it was just another uk department that wasnt ready for brexit . 
  the system ( forms etc ) however is absolutely fine , its just the slow gears of the uk bureaucracy adapting because none of them expected brexit . 
  every single issue that stemmed from this was because of someone not filling out the forms as instructed . 
  you had thousands who had no legal counselling , no idea where to go for help filling out forms , and just willy nilly sending them through . 
  not realising that bureaucracies dont work like that , and if it say tick that box , you are going to have to tick that box . 
  if it say send a photo , you really need to send a photo ( or you can complain to the guardian which will at least make * your * process quicker ) . 
  its not impossible to do , thousands of australians and indians etc get it done every year . 
  its a long an monotonous process , but unfortunately that 's what getting citizenship and naturalisation is going to be like . 
  i have to fill out similar long ass forms if i want to naturalise in canada . 
  the issue here is eu citizens dont need to fill out this form at all , they are filling it out as a contingency in case everything falls through in 2019 and no agreement is reached . 
  if that situation occurs , then they are permanent residents on top of their rights as a eu resident . 
  you lose one , you still have the other . 
  while all this is going on there seems to be eu citizens asking for a speedier process just for them . 
  i dont think they should get that , its unfair and discriminatory on others applying for naturalisation who come from outside europe . 
  this is just a piece blown out of proportion . 
  the eu parliament basically said there is a possibility there could be backlash from member states because of recent difficulties eu citizens had in applying for permanent residency . 
  its just a standard report but may have no impact on the actual commissions or member states position during negotiations . 
  its just flagging that it could be an issue . 
  however in this climate , a report by the eu parliament ( who wont be heavily involved in the minutiae of negotiations ) warning that there could be potential issues because of this or that , is seen as the eu official position during negotiations . 
  which is obviously absurd . 
  the whole permanent residency thing is also blown out of proportion , the eu is looking into it , they 'll almost definitely find no issues and move on once everyone forgets . 
   a unilateral decision on uk 's side would have been a good move towards an amicable agreement in the end . 
  the uk chose not to . 
  and the equivalent from the eu side is not a good move towards an amicable agreement because ... ? 
   it was in effect a clear interferance in corporate decision making , and a release of market sensitive information outside of official channels . 
  the government is pretty much rbs , they are in effect the corporate decision makers , but in any case they have some rules they need to follow , what interference to the decision making ? 
  the bbc article you linked makes it clear there was no breach of their rules . 
  secondly , releasing market information outside of official channels is not against the law . 
  the email was sent to journalists by the treasury official . 
  an official can brief any journalist on any point through whatever medium . 
  its important to read the official response by the head of the civil service to the controversy and their timeline . 
  they basically said rbs has spoken with them and told them similar things ( i.e. 
  since the gov owns it , if its moving they need legislation to change domicile ) . 
  the fact that they basically confirmed their understanding of rbs contingency planning doesnt mean they broke any rules on leaking . 
   `` it was clear to the treasury that this was likely to generate significant interest in -- and uncertainty about -- an issue with important implications for financial stability . 
  in response , therefore , the treasury press office confirmed its understanding of rbs ' contingency planning . 
  rbs made a formal market announcement at 7am , '' sir jeremy wrote . 
   `` this was not a uk government announcement -- it was simply a confirmation of the treasury 's understanding of rbs ' contingency planning . 
   `` in response to the lloyds statement and informed media reports about rbs , the treasury judged that it was important to set this out -- at a time when the uk financial markets were closed -- given their overarching responsibility for maintaining financial stability in the uk . 
   `` i have consulted the pm to whom you have also written and he is clear that there has been no breach of the ministerial code . '', 
  there is a reason this hasnt gone anywhere in 2 years with the snp having many mps in parliament , its simply because they did nothing wrong . 
  alex salmond got very angry because they released this two days before the vote , and he believes they also did something morally wrong . 
  but by the letter of the law , they are scot free . 
  every civil servant in whitehall knows what they are doing especially when it comes to leaking . 
  ah its the rbs leak . 
  for the governments position , they said all they did was re-iterate what was already in the papers that stated rbs position on the matter ( moving from edinburgh ) . 
  the issue comes because although it was in the papers they told journalists more details before the board meeting ( gov owns it ) finished at 11 ( they told them at 10:16 ) . 
  they ticked all the boxes however , it wasnt markets sensitive as both stock markets that it trades on were closed , and the official decision was released before they re-opened . 
  it also was in the public domain before it was announced . 
  thats why they didnt need to lie about it , or why you thought they were `` boldly breaching it '' . 
  it was simply because they were not breaching any laws . 
  salmond was obviously angry , but they ticked all the boxes on how to leak effectively . 
  they can do it if they want too , as long as they are on the right side of the law here which they were . 
   i 've seen the treasury boldly breach the law regarding leaks , not even lie that they did it , what laws about leaks ? 
  was it things officially marked secret , like intelligence or defence ? 
  as far as i am away , they can mostly leak away without problems , even admit its happened . 
  its only makes them look bad . 
  to get misconduct charges you need to prove they did it for personal gain , so proving there was an exchange of money of some sort ( unless its marked secret ) . 
  well it comes down to a few things . 
  a lot of them have little to do with the tories as a political party per se , just the fact that they happened to be in government shortly after his election . 
  firstly , you have to understand the context in which he was elected in 2009 . 
  this was right before the last labour government was about to fall . 
  the previous speaker stepped down due to his weak response to the biggest crisis parliament had faced for a very long time . 
  the crisis centered around parliamentary expenses , and to put a long story short , mp 's were fiddling with their expenses to get money in a roundabout way . 
  there was such an outpouring of anger from the public that mps realised they were on very slippery ground , something had to change otherwise they would permanently lose the public . 
  so the speaker resigned and most mp 's agreed they needed to clean up their image and make the public closer to parliament . 
  so up came bercow who was a centrist tory ( right/far right in his student days and slowly moving to the centre during his career ) . 
  he proposed the most reforms compared to the other nominees to bring the public closer . 
  he faced off in the final round against sir george young , pretty much an experienced establishment tory as you can get . 
  so it was tory vs tory . 
  the new rules at the time helped bercow , it was the first time the ballot was secret , so no one knew which mp voted for which candidate . 
  apparently most of the tory party at the time opted for george young , labour ( government at the time ) plus some tories and most of the opposition voted for bercow . 
  its worth watching the [ speech that won bercow that election ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhcg2q0gyra ) . 
  he touches on a lot of the points , the expenses scandal , the need for change etc. 
  the second aspect is parliaments power vs the governments power . 
  it was slowly tipping in the favour of the government in the past few decades , until it pretty much tipped over with blair . 
  with a huge majority , he basically ran roughshod over parliament . 
  ministers would make statements to the press not parliament , they would debate on tv shows about the issues and rarely in parliament , [ select committees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/select_committee ) were toothless in holding government to account as their chairmanship was a stitch up between political parties . 
  backbench mps could barely question government , there was little chance for backbench mps to debate issues concerning them in parliament , or even get laws drafted from the debates . 
  these issues were well known and the majority of mps ( naturally not the ones currently in power ) understood it needed to be fixed . 
  so after the speakers election and the general elections , the tories came to government , and they pretty much expected bercow who was ( you have to give up party allegiances on election ) a tory to be similar to how labour speakers had been running things for the past decade i.e. 
  the speaker is nice to his party and they can continue running roughshod over parliament . 
  this came up against a brick wall that was bercows reforms which he slowly began implementing over the past 8 years . 
  its been an absolute success in my opinion . 
  every year there are a few clips from some parliamentary select committee that makes it onto the frontpage of r/unitedkingdom , they may not know but that would not have happened in previous decades . 
  there are clips about backbench debates , clips coming out from these petition debates . 
  or those articles about somebody being forced to appear before a committee like mike ashley . 
  all these are more in the public eye because of the reforms that are giving mp 's more freedom to debate and question . 
  the select committees are more free from political interference then before ( not completely , they are politicians afterall ) , and they are getting on with their work . 
  this is because they changed how people get elected to the committees and who chairs them , before it use to be given by the parties as a nice gesture to loyalists .
