  once mifid ii is in force passporting changes , it actually opens it up much more for third countries if there is equivalence . 
  hence the change from asking for the passporting to asking about equivalence . 
  true , i recently read this example . 
   just as an example , the central bank of bolivia 's gold that it lent to bullion banks in 1997 and that has never been returned to the central bank of bolivia , has gone through the hands of at least 28 bullion banks between 1997 and the present day . 
  these entities , some of which have merged with each other ( * ) , and a few of which imploded , include swiss bank corp * , republic national bank of new york * , midland bank ( montagu ) * , credit suisse , socgen , natixis , bnp paribas , standard chartered , anz , scotia mocatta , barclays , morgan stanley , hsbc , macquarie , deutsche , dresdner * , bayerische landesbank , westdeutsche landesbank * , jp morgan * , commerzbank * , citibank , rabobank , morgan guaranty * and bayerische vereinsbank . 
  the ibrd ( world bank ) even took on to its books the borrowed gold positions of the bullion banks during the financial crisis in 2009 because it had a higher credit rating than the investment banks after the lehman crisis . 
  most northern eurozone countries have been repatriating their gold from the us/uk/france central banks for the past five years . 
  it started during the height of the eurozone crisis but they have been deliberately doing it slowly so as not to cause a panic . 
  the russian and chinese have been slowly increasing their gold assets as well . 
  all the stuff about refusing permission seems like sensationalism . 
  the us and france have already been shipping hundreds of tons to frankfurt over the past few years . 
  by the end of the decade , frankfurt should have most of germany 's gold with the fed/boe the remaining . 
  the bundesbank has been getting their gold on time almost on a monthly basis , in fact they came out to say `` the americans have never stonewalled or hindered us in any way . 
  on the contrary , their cooperation has been most constructive in every respect '' . 
  the reason most people think besides the simplistic `` we cant trust them '' or nationalistic reasons , is because if in the likelihood of any disruption in the euro , the declining importance of the dollar as the worlds reserve currency means you need a stable and strong reserve asset to keep stability . 
  so in the worst case germany/netherlands/austria / belgium etc are better prepared then if the gold was in foreign hands . 
  it also helps give public confidence in the central banks . 
  gold is one of the best assets to have in times of trouble . 
  another issue is that the holding institutions have a lot of discretion with the gold . 
  gold also changes hands a surprising amount , to the point that without sitting down and doing a lot of digging it is difficult to determine the origins . 
  so auditing is rarely done . 
  are you joking ? 
  its 300 million a year . 
  what will that do for the nhs ? 
  its a rounding error for them . 
  you do n't understand him . 
  obviously the uk controls the eu foreign policy so much so that on leaving , the eu will finally be free to walk into the green pastures of human rights righteousness . 
   we 're well aware of what games they play , and the feeling is mutual . 
  one might say we know what [ great games ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_game ) they play . 
   not suddenly . 
  what do you think is going to happen ? 
  they will not suddenly be kicked out but will be kicked out eventually ? 
  at least you recognise that cooperation with the esa is not built upon eu membership . 
  i think both the eu and the uk do recognise that as well . 
  these are some of the simplest issues in brexit . 
  its pretty straightforward trade off of money for continued cooperation . 
  are norway and switzerland going to be suddenly kicked out then ? 
  that has little bearing on my point . 
  cooperation continues as long as payment continues . 
   i do n't see how the uk could come into this as a third party . 
  it 's very easy actually , all you do is give money and things continue on as normal . 
  just like canada is involved in the esa decision making . 
  boom , done . 
  next agency . 
  [ thats exactly what they did . 
  ] ( http://variety.com/2016/biz/global/netflix-poaches-house-of-cards-from-french-paybox-canal-plus-1201722652/ ) i think their expansion to 100 + countries in a year was based on nothing more then growing as fast and wide as possible . 
  well that is because when those rights were bundled up and sold off , netflix was not in france . 
  now they are in france they are just waiting for their contract to end and so they can bring it back to netflix , if they havent already . 
  i suppose its a good thing but the four main cities , london , birmingham , manchester and leeds and are just a whole heap of never ending fucking cranes . 
  although i have to say , the nine elms / [ battersea power station ] ( https://www.batterseapowerstation.co.uk/img/portal/interactive-map/1920.jpg ) development looks great . 
  glad they havent destroyed it . 
  depends , we may need to keep it for equivalence . 
  crd iv contains the remuneration cap , and they will most likely want the whole directive to continue being fully implemented . 
  although there seem to be some scope for reducing its impact . 
  we are surprisingly tougher then a few other eu countries on it . 
  it 's a bit different . 
  the eu wants freedom of movement for single market membership . 
  what the uk now wants , post brexit speech , is a comprehensive fta that gives it single market access . 
  that access will come with strings attached per the fta . 
  almost all countries have single market access ( the access to sell and buy goods and services ) but there are strings attached based on wto rules , fta rules etc to be a member ( better than any comprehensive fta for access ) on the other hand , you need to abide by the 4 freedoms . 
  we will be giving that single market membership up once we leave the eu . 
   the uk does not need to be ` punished ' but uk demands for an extremely favourable fta is just a fantasy . 
  if the uk is ` punished ' they will be pushed into trumps hand and his idea to hurt the eu . 
  i might be missing something but what are the extremely favourable fta thats being asked ? 
  we arent going into the single market anymore , we are not going to be a member and arent asking for members benefits . 
  i think something a little bit closer then the fta 's with canada/south korea is not ridiculous considering our closeness . 
  one of the standards is their turning ability . 
  they are legally required to have a very tight turning circle . 
  i think there is a nissan version as well . 
  i remember reading about it being built . 
   portugal took around ** 600 million inhabitants ** from it 's colonies ( the so called `` retornados '' ) , which fled the territories . 
  wow , where has portugal been hiding them ? 
  newspapers are only used by 3 in ten people for their news according to ofcom . 
  i think far more people get it from the tv . 
  for example , i know quite a few people who buy tabloids and its for the backpages . 
  you scan the cover , flip a few pages to read the story about the escaped llama that terrorised a village , then immediately skip to the backpages so you can laugh at liverpool losing etc. 
  afterwards you toss it . 
  there are a few decent sports journalists that write for tabloids . 
  im pretty sure its playing a big part in slowing down their drop in circulation ( and also a big part in growing their online figures ) . 
  you are correct , it can be 8 ( or ... ) but i was using it emphasis that its not a long time in the grand scheme of things . 
  as a country you have to think long term especially with trade deals that last decades and india with most of its population incredibly young , they are pretty much forced to think long term . 
  one reason not really touched on though was these `` broad rules '' were going to be the ones we basically could slowly force on the rest of the world . 
  that was the whole point . 
  get the eu and the us to have broadly similar rules , get the us and pacific asia to have broadly similar rules . 
  you then have similar standards across most of the global economy . 
  so as china , india , russia etc continue to grow over the next few decades they will have to become aligned to the business standards that the west wrote . 
  tpp and ttip were ambitious goals that have utterly failed . 
  of course , but i wouldnt bet on it . 
  the truth is a 4 year presidency wont change your trade priorities that radically . 
  you may be more flexible , but if its a core interest ( like ip is for india ) you wont budge . 
  although i can see the japan one being done , because they already solved a difficult point with the eu ( eu agriculture to japan vs japanese cars to the eu ) this last one may not be so vital that they dont come to a compromise . 
  but compromises mean it comes from both sides , if the european public dont hear much about any lowering of standards , then i can see it going through . 
  it 's still telling people who have the right to live here that they need to go . 
  its the same situation mate . 
  just because one side is use to it more then the other side doesnt mean it isnt the same scary bureaucratic mess for them either . 
  i think people didnt care because it kinda a non-issue . 
  if you have legal status you wont be kicked out regardless of what a silly letter says , and if the letter worries you go to the citizens advice bureau . 
  hearing the home office is being its usual ridiculously bureaucratic self doesnt surprise anyone . 
  none of this would happen if people actually filled out these forms as instructed either . 
  the truth is , it began with the guardian finding a nice human interest brexit story with the dutch lady and it just snowballed from there because brexit is a headline grabber .
