  so europe has to settle for sweden . 
   a spectacular skyscraper will appear in vilnius until 2020 that 's nice , but what will will it do after 2020 ? 
   which is normal . 
  it only means the problems with that one commissioner are not problematic enough . 
  plus , if you can trust the guy , who keeps protecting the perceived asshole , then perhaps that asshole is n't really enough of an asshole ... 
  it means there is no recourse at all . 
   then the blame is on the parliament , not on the system ... how is parliament to blame when they dont have the power to remove him ? 
  i would blame them if they could vote him out but didnt ( like when they didnt block his promotion when they could have ) . 
   there is only one institution with legislative right and it is the european parliament . 
  you are entirely twisting facts here !, 
  i am sorry but it is not . 
  a legislative right only exists in the commission , only they have the right to propose new legislation . 
  they are the only ones with that power . 
  without the commission , legislation for all intents and purposes freezes . 
  i am not twisting anything . 
   i can hear the sound of your tinfoil hat to here ... 
  i am not a crazy euroskeptic , but it would do well to learn more about how the commission and parliament function in reality . 
  where [ power lies ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/g5-brussels-most-exclusive-dining-club/ ) and who it lies with . 
  which groups are in control of which committees in parliament through their coordinators and shadow rapporteur . 
  which portfolios belong to which groups in the commission . 
  otherwise there is no point in trying to understand the union or the dynamics inside it . 
  going back to `` none of this is an accident '' , of course it is not and that is not because i have a tinfoil . 
  its because more people spent more hours of their time creating this system then you and i can possibly imagine , if there is any weirdness in it , is is because it is there deliberately , not because internet commentators are smart enough to figure something out that brussels could n't . 
  why does only the commission propose new legislation ? 
  because the commission wants that power . 
  why cant commissioners be removed/sacked/impeached ? 
  because the council and commission president want that power . 
  its not wearing a tinfoil to understand simply political realities . 
  exactly , so it 's take it or leave it . 
  which is why juncker is exactly the `` key person '' here . 
  you only need to keep your fellow politicians happy to stay as commissioner . 
  feel free to secretly meet with russian lobbyists or insult those ` slanty eyed ' chinese because there is no way parliament is going to vote you out or can vote you out . 
  especially when its a majority epp , and its an epp run commission , they are not about to vote themselves out of office and have enough clout to stop anyone else doing so . 
  add on to it , if you have like in the past few years , a grand coalition in parliament between schulz and juncker , then its even more secure . 
  there is only one institution that has to legislative right , and its not the european parliament . 
  if you want the eu to make laws , you need the commission . 
  you wont vote a commission out over one commissioner , hence the job as commissioner is always safe . 
  none of this is by accident . 
  going back to oettinger , to make matters worse , he was promoted by juncker after all that , while the parliament can now accept or block nominations for new posts . 
  its a new rule they brought in . 
  but they decided to not delay the nomination so they can use the new rule , but they let him go through with only a hearing in which no tough questions were asked . 
  why ? 
  oettinger is an epp guy . 
  you protect your own . 
  parliament can not vote out a commissioner . 
  if they could , this would n't be an issue . 
  they would have voted out oettinger after his racist comments , or maybe even stopped him from getting promoted after them . 
  it 's not like parliament thinks he is any good either . 
  the only people oettinger has to satisfy is juncker and his national politicians who nominated him ( merkel/cdu ) . 
  but are n't the government cabinets in member states all elected politicians ? 
  so they do have to care about the public otherwise they can be voted out by their constituents . 
  it was only a few years ago the business minister lost their seat in the uk . 
  and more famously , both the defence minister and the foreign minister losing their seats in 97 . 
  it always go back to a simple question , how do we get rid of oettinger ? 
  as long as juncker likes him , he is immune . 
  it didnt , because that would have jeopardised something more important that french cooperation was vital for . 
  the creation of the single market . 
  how do you negotiate with a veto ? 
  nz commitments were up for renegotiation and france simply said they will veto it . 
  you cant negotiate with that as it was a bargaining position they werent going to budge on once they got caught . 
  in the end the un had to come in , and it was included in part of the settlement that they wont veto it . 
  this is one top of the fact , that everyone needed france at that moment . 
  our government was being briefed that this would bring down mitterrand which could not be allowed to happen as we were in the midst of the biggest single legislative change in europe for many decades , the beginning of the single market . 
  the single market was being drafted and negotiated while this was going on . 
  nz got angry , but it did n't necessitate a breakdown in the relationship . 
  but that also didnt stop the french briefing their journalists in the beginning to say it was all the uk 's fault and not theirs . 
  edit : also , thatcher hated greenpeace . 
  alas , i guess when you have slow students you have to try other tactics . 
  uk - trade that is as [ frictionless as possible ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/the-united-kingdoms-exit-from-and-new-partnership-with-the-european-union-white-paper/the-united-kingdoms-exit-from-and-new-partnership-with-the-european-union--2 ) barnier - frictionless trade is not possible uk - ... lets try and get it as frictionless as possible barnier - not possible . 
  trade that is frictionless as possible does not mean frictionless trade , it means you try and reach a point where its as close to frictionless as possible . 
  its looking like we might need to hire translators as well as negotiators now . 
  the customs union and freedom of movement are unrelated . 
  you can be in one without the other . 
  otherwise you would have freedom of movement with turkey . 
  freedom of movement is one the four pillars of the * single market * . 
  which in this example ( and most likely in real life too ) we would be leaving . 
  two separate things . 
   politically however , it would n't be good for the eu . 
  why ? 
   interesting how the ` most favourable ' countries are the ones with most attacks against jews . 
  possibly because they actually have jews ? 
  i lean more towards the op position of having some sort of democratic election process involved . 
   what i meant is that most have a curriculum relevant to the position . 
  that is not the case for all is it ? 
  what i mean is , the council nominates its commissioners from its country . 
  and then the president ( juncker ) decides which portfolio to give ( obviously with a lot of lobbying from member states ) . 
  these happen after each other . 
  so if country a nominates commissioner a who is very good at healthcare , juncker should give him a healthcare portfolio . 
  but what happens when two states are after the same important portfolio ? 
  maybe foreign affairs , they nominate two people who are very experienced in one subject , the president obviously has to chose and the other nominee is giving something they are not matched up in . 
  right now for example , moscovici is perfect fit for his role . 
  but commissioner jourova was given a consolation prize of commissioner of justice and consumers after the czechs failed in getting their desired portfolio . 
  this happens regularly , and i dont think its a problem because i see the commission like national cabinets as a political position not a technocratic one . 
  for a national politician to be defence/finance minister , they dont need to have intimate defence/finance knowledge , but just enough to do the job well . 
  most commissioners dont have extensive knowledge of their portfolio before they receive it . 
  it doesnt mean they cant do a fine job though , malmstrom for example was hardly known for her wide ranging trade knowledge before becoming commissioner but she is good at her job.which is why i dont think commissioners having broad knowledge of their portfolios actually matches up to reality . 
  the problem from my perspective is if we use the 5 test from tony benn  `` what power have you got ? 
   `` where did you get it from ? 
   `` in whose interests do you use it ? 
   `` to whom are you accountable ?
