  hahaha [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=fbxpp3njrik#t=1690s ) is the documentary i spoke about . 
  i found a youtube link . 
   the us national security agency ( nsa ) snoops on all eu member states and on germany the most , new data reveals . 
  everyone snoops on everyone . 
  there was a documentary not long ago in which the top former civil servants of the foreign office and former foreign secretaries in the uk , when asked , heavily implied that the uk secret services still continue to spy on their european allies . 
  echelon , prism etc are used on allies and non-allies i imagine . 
  as palmerston once said ,  england has no eternal friends , england has no perpetual enemies , england has only eternal and perpetual interests . 
  i think quite a few countries , including the us , still have that as their mo. 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i did not say it was responsible for the brutality of the police . 
  the point i made was in a * hypothetical * situation in which the eu criticises turkey for its police brutality , that criticism would be hypocritical considering it did not do the same in greece and spain . 
   we often wish to be seen as respectful and observant of human rights and international law . 
  if we are genuine in this belief we have a responsibility to speak up . 
   are the police really being any more brutal than what we saw in spain and greece ? 
  not yet anyway . 
  tens of thousands protesting around turkey . 
  hundreds of thousands were protesting in spain and greece . 
  excessive use of tear gas and water cannons was recorded in greece and many innocent casualties . 
  there would be a distinct double standard here . 
  the eu opposes police and governmental brutality ... unless it is being used to further eu goals . 
  erdogan should begin an austerity program immediately and he will have the whole of europe 's political class behind him during these protests . 
  the sco is mainly chinese-led . 
  turkey lies at the gateway to europe , it should be europes aim , its absolute priority to make sure that the gateway to this continent is in our sphere of influence and not in others . 
  america has been vital in achieving this for us but now its influence and interest is diminishing . 
  the fact that its muslim , its human rights records are not good etc etc does not matter as strongly as some of you believe . 
  you do not deal with the world based upon an idealised version of what you want it to be . 
  you deal with it based upon current realities . 
  the current reality is that turkey is not a bastion of civil liberties nor tolerance ( relative to europe ) but they are important to us and they are slowly turning their back to europe and facing east . 
  a turkey that is pivoting to asia is not good for europe at all . 
  in a couple of generations our absolute power may not have diminished , but our relative power will have . 
  economically and militarily . 
  we should make it our priority now , when we are in a incredibly strong position to bring turkey closer . 
  a turkey that is politically , economically and militarily interdependent with europe is better for europe . 
  we tried to do this with eu ascension but this is something a lot of people do not want for a variety of reasons . 
  in any case it does n't matter if its through eu ascension or through some other means , it needs to be achieved . 
  otherwise we will have the eurasian landmass controlled by the soon to be largest economy in the world with a large and quickly modernising military . 
  a turkey invested in china may also pave the way for more chinese influence in the middle east and by extension north africa . 
  if this trend continues we may see in 20 - 30 years ( or even in a closer timespan ) , chinese naval bases in turkey ( and with that chinese naval ships patrolling the mediterranean regularly ) . 
  if you can even at the furthest recesses of your mind contemplate a world in which the west is no longer the world 's dominant power , one in which it is kept in check by other equally powerful powers ( be they china , india etc ) then this can only be seen as a significant step forward for chinese influence and a step backwards for european influence . 
  it is the small stuff that matters in the big picture . 
  china is not an enemy , but it is definitely an adversary and one that europe is competing with for influence . 
  and it seems to be that we are losing . 
  and interesting sidenote to this , is the term [ the new great game ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_great_game ) . 
  never a bad time to post this . 
  [ william hague on `` president blair '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz26smdzxhe ), 
  is he a french citizen ? 
  or a foreign national residing in france ? 
  it doesnt seem to say . 
  why ? 
  try / r/india or / r/askhistorians . 
  i can see why it would be difficult . 
  some of the time they are making references that would be unfamiliar to someone that is not in tune with british culture and news at that moment . 
  the accents and speed of the discussion is not really unusual from everyday life in the uk , however . 
   it 's an interesting question , what happened to secularists in the muslim countries ? 
  they used to exist . 
  [ here you go . ], 
  ( http://www.thenational.ae/arts-culture/the-death-of-arab-secularism#full ), 
  henning is a good one . 
  he came to the uk for a pretty standard marketing job and then while he was here tried standup . 
  so very unlikely he is known in germany . 
  pakistan is a multi-ethnic state , the clue is in the name , and at nearly half the population punjabi pakistanis make up the largest group . 
  they are not all pashtuns . 
  that is nonsense . 
  i would agree . 
  the greenery in both cities always surprises me . 
  sheffield being a prime example , but even brum with well kept secrets like sutton park and many others littered around the city . 
  this is routine . 
  they were deployed in 2013 after turkey asked nato for help . 
  after reassessing the risk , i.e. 
  isis not having missiles ( these are air defence missiles ) , it was agreed to withdraw them once the mission expires in october . 
  however there is still going to be procedures in place to redeploy them within a week if the need arises again . 
  he is kinda right though . 
  lots of the shire was inspired by tolkien 's youth growing up in the worcestershire countryside surrounding birmingham . 
  places like sarehole mill have been swallowed up by birmingham since ... nothing to do with thatcher though . 
  from an italian family though . 
  parveen akhtar who is a university professor at bradford has written extensively on the subject . 
  she goes some way to answering parts of your question here :  much of the migration from pakistan to britain from the 1950s onwards took place along kinship lines . 
  most of the early migrants were young , single men who saw opportunities to make money in the uk 's manufacturing and textile industries , and then sent word to their relatives to encourage them to follow . 
  they thus acted as the `` first loop '' in a process of chain-migration which saw members of the same kin migrate and settle in urban britain . 
   the ensuing development of ethnic `` enclaves '' in turn drew the attention of the mainstream political parties to the emergence of a numerically significant - and thus potentially influential - pakistani electoral constituency . 
  most pakistanis were working class and therefore tended to support the labour party , though on social issues their values bore closer resemblance to those of the conservative party . 
  for their part , both parties viewed the community as impenetrable without the help of community mediators , but they also came to realise that if kinship ( biraderi ) elders could be got `` on side '' this would be helpful in securing both their votes and the votes of their wives and voting-age children . 
  the relationship with these elders thus led them to use the internal community kinship structure as a means of accessing a potentially election-winning bloc vote . 
   the consequence was a system of patronage whereby local politicians of all political parties ( but especially the labour party ) built links with community leaders in the pakistani community , who became their gateway to the pakistani vote . 
  ( labour 's former deputy leader roy hattersley , who long held the sparkbrook constituency in birmingham , once remarked that whenever he saw a pakistani name on a ballot-paper he knew the vote was his ) . 
  the local leaders were given minor positions of power and help in figuring out the political system , so that they could stand for council seats or influential roles as subaltern aides . 
  some community leaders negotiated for community provisions such as neighbourhood centres , whilst others were content with the status conferred on them in the eyes of their compatriots . 
   biraderi or kinship-based politics had a successful run for nearly forty years . 
  but the children of the pioneer generation , born and bought up in the uk , do not identify with biraderi politics . 
  the state 's welfare system provides the functions that traditionally would be organised by kin in pakistan , and friendships in school and relationships at work are not kin-based . 
  in the political arena , the association of kinship networks and patronage relations with politicians is seen by young people as antiquated and far removed from their lives . 
  the patronage relationships between community leaders and local politicians meant that they did not have to `` work '' for the vote , but could be guaranteed election even without addressing the issues facing their constituents ( including those of great concern to younger generations , such as graduate unemployment , low educational attainment , drugs , gangs and housing ) . 
   the result was a generation gap , where the older generation were not aware of the frustrations of the young - something clearly highlighted by reactions to the wave of riots in northern english cities in 2001 , and by the radicalisation of some young people in colleges and on university campuses . 
  much of the alienation and marginalisation from mainstream electoral politics felt by the young can be traced back to the way the biraderi system became a means of political exclusion . 
  [ the full article . 
  ] ( https://www.opendemocracy.net/idea/parveen-akhtar/british-muslims-and-local-democracy-after-bradford ) [ and another by her ] ( https://www.psa.ac.uk/insight-plus/blog/de-mystifying-biraderi-politics-bradford ) . 
  you 're not going to tackle biraderi issues in the asian community by fucking turning a blind eye when its for local tories ( or labour when they are in power ) and complaining when its for the other guy . 
  or by pretending its only asians that are involved in it . 
  anyone who has grown up in these areas knows how much the local parties encourage it . 
  why would n't you want to speak and appease a few old men and guarantee yourself a huge swath of votes ?
