  hence why trumps administration is already slowly backing away from that [ threat ] ( http://www.scmp.com/news/china/diplomacy-defence/article/2063851/trumps-trade-chief-willing-brand-china-currency ) . 
  in fact they are no longer flooding world markets with exports through a cheap currency ( for that we have to look closer to home ) , once trumps administration looks at their current account they will be coming to only one place , berlin . 
  yep , he ignored the elephant in the room . 
  i just dont think they will be isolated . 
  the us has its allies but if you are a us ally , you have to be worried about commitments . 
  is a country thousands of miles away really going to spill blood and gold for over some islands or in taiwans case , your independence ? 
  with trump and his `` you have to pay for protection '' rhetoric , its an uncertain time . 
  secondly , tpp was more enthusiastically greeted by the us military then its economic advisers . 
  its a decent deal , but what was important was that it leveraged and balanced china 's economic dominance of the region . 
  now that it is gone , there is no balance , the countries will sign up and the smaller ones will inevitably be drawn in economically , then politically and finally military into their sphere of influence . 
  you will see a lot of hedging and i dont think it will be that straightforward . 
  the one to watch is indonesia , with joko they 've been more internally focused , once that changes and they begin looking outwards again that will be a barometer for south east asias position . 
  the most important thing for the us , is making sure india and indonesia are onboard . 
  they will be the future peers in the region , not singapore or australia . 
  if one of them is not onboard , then the containment strategy will have serious flaws . 
  are you sure they are colluding together ? 
  what is the current stance of the philippines even after the international rulings ? 
  the current stance of malaysia ? 
  you will be surprised at the [ rollback in the past year ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2016/12/is-the-us-losing-east-asia-to-china/ ) and the longer the us dithers , the more it will happen . 
  add onto the fact that tpp is now gone but obor continues chugging along , they seem to be - to use trumps favourite term - `` winning '' . 
  they have massive problems of course , but if you listened to the reaction to the speech at davos a few days ago by xi jingping , i dont think they particularly mind if the us becomes protectionist . 
  2/3 of world growth is in emerging markets especially in asia , they want to be centre of that and if the us is not in the picture , even better for them . 
  exactly . 
  trust between the citizens and the government comes down to a simple fact . 
  if they do what they say they will do , and the most important aspect of that is when they promise to `` make your life better '' . 
  moving hundreds and hundreds of millions of people out of absolute poverty to middle incomes brings about trust in that promise . 
  as long as peoples lives are visibly getting better , they will give trust . 
  its when that no longer happens that is when the bonds of trust begin to fray . 
  we see that here in europe a lot , although in our case because of democracy there is a release valve for the lack of trust . 
  they on the other hand will have a problem if that lack of trust drops to our levels . 
   their gdp and growth rates are n't very encouraging either . 
  they actually are . 
  they are re-adjusting and still able to keep up good growth rates . 
  they are already the largest world economy in ppp terms and will be in nominal terms within a decade . 
  the most important thing is they are moving from exports to consumption ( something germany can learn a bit from ... ) and consumer spending is constantly increasing . 
  they have huge problems but they have the type of government that can force change and do it quickly ( e.g. 
  the stock market crash ) . 
  i wouldnt worry too much about them . 
  you would be surprised with china . 
  they have high levels of trust because they are effective . 
   labour could have won back the scottish people with some anti-austerity pro-eu rhetoric they could have tried . 
  but isnt that basically what the snp have done ? 
  why would those votes got to labour when they already have that choice ? 
  surely that would have been the case regardless ? 
  scotland is looking more tory then labour to be honest . 
  if you would like to watch it , [ here ] ( https://www.weforum.org/events/world-economic-forum-annual-meeting-2017/sessions/which-europe-now ) would highly suggest the other vides as well ( fixing europes disunion , asia takes the lead , new models for europe , is the transatlantic alliance at at tipping point , artificial intelligence etc ) . 
  common law is how international businesses sign their contracts and resolve commercial disputes . 
  if a german company is doing a deal with a chinese company , more often then not they will be singing the contract in common law . 
  probably in london . 
  the reasons are historical as well as practical . 
  its contract law is pretty pro-business , there is large freedom of contract ( i.e. 
  very little is implied ) so its very flexible compared to the civil system that is rigid . 
  this goes across a lot of sectors , dispute resolution , arbitration ( lcia ) , international contracts , mergers , international banking etc. 
  its why you find a huge concentration of lawyers in the big financial centres in common law countries , and also why the top 99 [ international law firms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_law_firms_by_revenue ) by revenue are all common law countries ( mainly us/uk ) . 
  this is actually where the eu can step in . 
  the best way smaller nations get trade agreements that are in their favour is to play big economies off each other . 
  this is what was happening in asia , where you had these fast growing economies playing china off the usa . 
  with the us they were negotiating tpp and could use that as leverage with their fta 's with china . 
  however now that the usa seems to have left the picture , they are looking for an alternative and this is where europe comes in . 
  while we were currently negotiating with asean , new zealand , japan etc , a lot of it was slow as we were n't at the top of their priorities for a long time . 
  those negotiations will now go into overdrive with trump now , the only question is if the eu can finally conclude them . 
  not a lot with major economies , those we deal with on wto terms . 
  the major economies with fta 's outside europe ( so excluding switzerland , norway , liechtenstein that are in the eea/efta etc ) are chile , south africa , israel and mexico . 
  the other group are the north african countries where we have a mediterranean association agreement ( egypt , morocco etc ) . 
  canada has also been signed and should start coming into force soon . 
  what they are discussing here are trade audits , so a step away from negotiations and a long step away from an agreement . 
  but the countries they are looking at , india , australia , south korea , china , new zealand , the arab gulf are a good start . 
  currently there is a common travel area , so currently continentals ca n't freely come in without identification . 
  but you can move freely across the irish border . 
  there are places like the isle of man that are not part of the eu but part of the common travel area . 
  however they are part of the customs union so goods are not checked since things outside the customs union wo n't get in . 
  then you have the norway/sweden example where norway is part of schengen , so similar free movement as the cta , but not part of the customs union . 
  however it 's part of the eea . 
  the question is can an agreement be found in the grey areas in between the two examples for the republic and northern ireland . 
  they do ? 
  like what for example ... ? 
  to be honest with you , my whole point here was why this article is not showing the full picture of what the journalists are actually discussing . 
  when you commit to a campaign like this , one expects a slow and measured approach that treats a fair trial and the rule of law with the transparency needed . 
  especially because as this case showed , it can be any european citizen from any eu country that can be caught up in it . 
  having a lot of corruption in the past doesnt explain why the presumption of innocence was missing in some of these trials . 
  that is a cornerstone of the rule of law . 
  when you have legal ngo 's like fair trials raising alarms , you have a problem . 
  as for david clark , i think the whole point of his fabian society article is to raise alarms at actual problems . 
  he mainly focuses on hungary and poland , but it seems to me his goal is show what is going wrong . 
  i dont think he is trying to create distrust in the judicial system but rather in the politicians causing his supposed ` authoritarian ' bent in the above countries . 
  i dont necessarily agree with him , but he does have a point when he says we may be more interested in the results rather then the process , when that shouldnt be the case . 
  okay , it has absolutely nothing to do with what happened at frontline . 
  i 'm sure voice of america and the fabian society are being paid by pr firms to make up stories about romania . 
  that makes a lot of sense mate . 
  the trial is in regards to his father , not him . 
  i really dont get this article . 
  wasnt the whole rhetoric from the eu that she cant get her cake and eat it ? 
  that she must chose between hard brexit or freedom of movement . 
  when she makes that choice , isnt that what was requested ? 
  there seems like there is no amicable way to deal with this . 
   and she wants to keep one foot in the customs union but hopes to keep the other outside -- though she did n't explain how she intends to perform this bit of gymnastics . 
  the disadvantage of may 's speech is that she has now convinced the rest of europe beyond a shadow of a doubt that the british government is n't just nasty , but is also prepared to take the gloves off no she hasnt , you cant make deals with other countries while part of a customs union . 
  she wants to leave the customs union , this was clear . 
  how is this being nasty ? 
   may is prepared to throw everything on the negotiating table that her country can offer the rest of europe , including intelligence services , nuclear weapons and cooperation in the fight against terrorism .
