  most people dont get their news from newspapers but from tv . 
  which because of ofcom is better . 
  i suspect `` online '' news is increasing and that is not regulated either . 
  this doesnt mean i dont know plenty of people who buy the sun , mirror , daily mail etc. 
  if these papers didnt have the backpages their circulation would drop by half overnight . 
  well the president is also a prince , so kinda royal i guess . 
  it was n't . 
  that sarcastic ` best place in the world/pinnacle of civilisation ' crap was a stupid dig at the uk in a thread about a terrorist attack . 
  completely unnecessary and he deserved the clap back . 
  not really , compare the home counties with equally/more populated counties . 
  the disparity is large . 
  in the home counties you cant even make them out because of the number of stores , compare that to more populous counties like west yorkshire or the west midlands and you can see the disparity . 
  they are spanish exports as those are built and made in spain . 
  if they are `` spanish '' or `` european '' is not really a distinction is it ? 
  its both i guess . 
  in any case the military aircraft division of airbus has always been pretty much spanish run . 
  its the successor of casa . 
  the eu does n't have authority over hungary universities . 
  only hungary does . 
  if it had authority over their universities , hungary would need to ask the eu to implement the law . 
  of course . 
  but this is not limited to germans , it 's a lot of western europeans . 
  you hear it in our rhetoric regarding nato etc. 
  there is so much about how europe can defend itself , it has a higher budget then russia , we dont need to spend more or do more , our defence is adequate etc. 
  that is true , western europe can be defended . 
  but , can we defend the balticcs ? 
  can we defend estonia ? 
  that should be our bottom line and not whether russian tanks will reach central europe again . 
  but that is always conveniently missed out in the discussions . 
  the answer to the question btw , is [ no we cant ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/02/03/if-russia-started-a-war-in-the-baltics-nato-would-lose-quickly/ ) . 
  only with the americans coming in big time can we barely do it . 
  and the americans themselves will struggle too if they dont increase their nato commitments . 
  the latest war game scenarios show that russia can invade the baltics and take control within 60 hours . 
  we simply can not stop them rolling in , at all . 
  it will need at a minimum a huge land and air invasion force to take it back . 
  people need to get their heads out of their asses when it comes to defence . 
   in numerous tabletop war games played over several months between 2014-2015 , russian forces were knocking on the doors of the estonian capital of tallinn or the latvian capital of riga within 36 to 60 hours . 
  u.s. and baltic troops -- and american airpower -- proved unable to halt the advance of mechanized russian units and suffered heavy casualties , the report said in short , they will roll over the baltic . 
  leaving us with 3 simple and basic choices . 
  invade , threaten a nuclear response or concede defeat like crimea . 
  [ just reading it is depressing ] ( https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/rr1200/rr1253/rand_rr1253.pdf ) , to think about how hard it would be to defend and the potential loss of life involved in taking it back . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if ever this day comes , many would want to take the easy way out and let the russians just have it . 
  i do n't think you understood . 
  they are both snooping , just the scope of one of them is far more serious . 
  you have spy agencies snooping on your online information . 
  it 's not compulsory for you to go online or even use it . 
  you can limit that in many ways . 
  vast majority of the information is not disseminated widely . 
  the other is compulsory , affects every citizen , is more widely applied and more available to private businesses . 
  it not only has private information , it more easily connects it to your financial information , your immigration status , your recent purchases ( they wanted cash cards linked too ) etc. 
  there plan was a hack away from giving everything away to anyone . 
  you might not like spying online by intelligence agencies but it 's clearly far less of an infringement then this was going to be . 
  in most cases of online identity , you build a `` web '' of connections about a person and you can find out a lot of information . 
  here , there is no need for building that . 
  it was a click away . 
  everything else is already there but it was plus your fingerprint , iris scans and other biometric data as the technology progresses . 
  immigration details , financial records etc. 
  there was discussion of iris scanners picking up wanted people who enter malls/privte businesses and alerting police , or picked up if you use the card , etc. 
  so if it 's only your fingerprint and iris scans , i can see your point but it was not . 
  lastly , you can limit the amount of information you provide online . 
  in this case , you ca n't . 
  it 's compulsory . 
  some things it is . 
  we have strict laws on advertising junk food to children , or advertising tobacco . 
  i dont particularly think they are bad policies even though they make us high on the list . 
  i imagine most people dont consider online snooping by spying agencies in the same category of intrusiveness as every government department and big private businesses having your fingerprints and eye scans . 
  you need to tell different companies where you have moved too . 
  there is a open electoral register to view for anyone who wants to buy it , and private companies tend to do that . 
  however its optional , you can decide not to be in it and you wont be . 
  so its not conclusive . 
  i recently moved , and spent a saturday morning going through who i needed to inform to get my various subscriptions etc sent to the correct place . 
  it also involved registering in the electoral register , registering to pay the local taxes etc, 
  the right called it a gestapo state , the trade unions said it was [ big brother ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2005/jun/28/idcards.immigrationpolicy1 ) state . 
  they are kinda right though minus the insane hyperbole . 
  it 's because our government cant be given something without expanding it to endless levels . 
  before it was complete they were already discussing giving the information to private businesses , having shops alert police etc they wanted full fingerprints and iris scans , alongside other biometric measures . 
  it wasnt just a picture , name and d.o.b. 
  they went full sci-fi . 
  the card would expand to immigration status , work eligibility , financial status etc etc, 
   so basically could a person do absolutely nothing until the election day and still vote when the time comes ? 
  if they have registered , yes . 
  if they are not registered i.e. 
  the local government has no idea you live in its constituency and are eligible to vote in it , then no . 
  a lot of young people dont register , hence why there is a big campaign to get them them to register , probably why they made it so easy to do online ( grand total of about 3-5mins , seriously ) . 
  ni number is for working . 
  its basically your tax number . 
  how do you find out where they live ? 
  you need to have that data connected to the id right ? 
  what do you do when that person moves home ? 
  do they tell the government database or is it automatically picked up ? 
  registering in this instance just means you told the local government where you live . 
  you dont need to tell them again , only if you move . 
  young people naturally dont do this , hence why this post exists . 
  no they dont . 
  you obviously have n't had to deal with hmrc . 
  different departments dont even tell each other when you changed addresses . 
  they only recently got the ability to change your address for tax credits if you changed them for your self assessment as well and then only if its done online . 
  of course it isnt . 
  without registration and without id cards , how do you identify that person is eligible to vote in that constituency * ? 
   this strain has been linked to pig farms in france , holland , germany and denmark and is only killed in meat if people cook it for longer than usual .
