  carme forcadell was visiting parliament not too long ago as well , meeting with mp 's and discussing catalonia independence . 
  i mean give them half an excuse and i wouldnt be surprised to see a decent amount of backbenchers ( especially snp/plaid ) take catalonia independence as a cause . 
  which is not particularly meaningful on the uk governments position , but they can keep it alive in the uk media which as a byproduct will also mean it will be feed into the larger english media space giving the whole independence cause undue publicity . 
  in any case , i think we will be seeing softer spanish diplomacy over the coming months as they begin trading for these `` favours '' . 
   they have a year of imprisonment . 
  am i right in assuming they * could * have a year of imprisonment but as of yet they havent been tried ? 
  he was also head of the abolished london council in the thatcher years , so technically the closest there was to london mayor . 
  he was also the one who gave the current shadow chancellor his first job in politics . 
  he was genuinely a good mayor , mainly because he is a good administrator . 
  he knows how to introduce and carry out policy . 
  he introduced a lot of good policy that helped the city in the future . 
  his successor , just needed to sit back and bathe in the success . 
  his environmental policies , boris bikes , olympics , the congestion charge . 
  the modern tfl has a lot to do with him , he first opposed the privatisation of the infrastructure , when that went ahead he was there to pick up the pieces when the whole scheme failed , making sure tfl ran it . 
  he was heavily involved in creating and building support for crossrail , without him it wouldnt have happened . 
  most of these things grow into fruition well into boris reign . 
  for example , environmental standards being met with reduced pollution in the centre , crossrail was officially started two months into boris reign , olympics happened during boris time , boris literally nicknamed the cycle scheme to boris bikes even though it was ken who started it . 
  even though he was a good administrator , he is a shit politician . 
  he doesnt really know when to keep his mouth shut and has a habit of being truthful about his very left wing beliefs ( see above ) . 
  if you actually want to learn some , you should not be watching documentaries . 
  there are plenty of educational resources online . 
  for example , this series of lectures from yale university on the [ early middle ages ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl77a337915a76f660&amp;feature=view_all ) . 
  this series of lectures on [ european history from the rennaisance to the present ] ( https://archive.org/details/ucberkeley-webcast-pl-xxv-cva_idk7cmog80ikxn1jmpjoyaa?sort=titlesorter ) . 
  there is a wealth of lectures from actual historians littered all over the internet . 
  use websites like itunes , youtube , [ openculture ] ( http://www.openculture.com/freeonlinecourses#history courses ) to search . 
  if you want to sell in china , you need to launch joint ventures . 
  do you know how many joint ventures [ thales ] ( https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/china/global-presence-asia-pacific/china ) has in china ? 
  i am guessing the french government is considering how the chinese will eventually access the strategic technology of the largest french defence company . 
  maybe thales should stop selling in china too , no chinese , no problem . 
  does anybody in their right minds buy the idea that the italian government cannot/will not protect technological secrets from the chinese more than the south koreans will ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm sorry but if we are going to turn around and also say fincantieri cant be trsuted , that means the italian government cant be trusted . 
  will that mean finmeccanica cant be trusted either , or any italian company ? 
  this is ridiculous and i definitely dont believe that is the real reason . 
  so the italians went into the deal with good intentions and it is the french that changed their position . 
  its looks like the innocent party here are the italians . 
  maybe a good response is to decide that the gas supply is a strategic consideration for italy and re-nationalise edison and take it away from edf . 
  considering edf current financially precarious position that might tip it over the edge . 
  or another similar french owned asset in italy ( which there are plenty ) to make the point that protectionism will only lead to more protectionism . 
  its ridiculous to call for european defence cooperation in one moment , and then on the other hand go ultra nationalistic and block the sale of a shipyard from a south korean company to europe largest shipbuilder because of `` strategic '' considerations . 
  how can you have cooperation at all if france and italy cant even agree on a simple shipyard ? 
  so why is it okay for a south korean company to have a majority stake in the saint nazaire shipyard but not an italian one ? 
  depends on the uni and the course . 
  normal bachelor at a normal uni will cost # 10k-20k for overseas students . 
  a postgrad at a normal uni will cost # 15k-25k . 
  add ~ # 10k for the best unis . 
  masters in bio science at cambridege is # 26k . 
  turkey is an ally . 
  we also help them develop fighter jets . 
  i think it applies in france . 
  so companies in france . 
  i do n't know more so maybe our french redditors can give more details . 
   vouchers we employees actually buy with part of our salary ( it 's counted in ) . 
  yes , that is how subsidised lunches work . 
  your employer subsides it . 
  you should see how the other type works , you actually have to to buy full meals with your salary ... outrageous , i know . 
  thanks , and i agree . 
  best to part ways . 
  the klm-ba would have been a better merger for both companies , then the iag/af-klm mergers . 
   wij voelen ons de marokkanen van de nederlanders is that a saying ? 
  what does the saying mean ? 
  someone who gets screwed ? 
  the narrative is changing for some inexplicable reason . 
  the elites are suddenly farage and gove . 
  seriously ? 
  while the non-elites , are the whole civil service . 
  the whole government , the vast majority of both houses of parliament and the judiciary . 
  even the media that the majority get their news from is tv , which is unbiased to slightly leaning remain . 
  the only section of `` elites '' that supported it was the tabloid press and even they had to compete with the tv media . 
  as a remainer , this is just silly . 
  the whole point of the in campaign was pushing the fact that the experts and the rest of the elite establishment were saying dont leave . 
  the british establishment did not want brexit , if this is not obvious , you just need to look at the chaos happening in whitehall if you seriously think they wanted to go through with this . 
  if this was something organised by britain 's elite establishment , it would have been obvious . 
  the biggest problem with brexit , is that it is precisely not a project by the establishment . 
  if it was , there would a distinct lack of governmental chaos . 
   this was never part of the merging deal , it is a commercial company the french state owns close to 20 % of the merged company . 
  that is a lot . 
  the majority of whats left is publicly floated . 
  that would make the french government either the biggest shareholder or one of the biggest shareholders . 
  as far as i am aware , the dutch state has no ownership in the merged company . 
  so when you have a government that has a direct stake in its national carrier , its naive to think there wont be political implications . 
  so if air france is doing something for political considerations first ( e.g. 
  not doing necessary cost savings for fear of jobs ) , it wouldnt be a surprise would it ? 
  i guess that would annoy the klm side when they are doing everything only for commercial considerations . 
  isnt that part of the meal vouchers the french get ? 
  i dont know what its called but my french colleagues talk about it . 
  its mandatory for french companies to provide lunch , if they cant , they give you meal vouchers . 
  so subsidised lunching . 
  you can imagine our jealousy . 
   the dutch think that the french are attached to a hierarchy and political interests which are not necessarily the same as the interests of the company air france is the national carrier . 
  it will naturally have political considerations . 
  those interests are more pronounced because the french state is also a major shareholder in the airline unlike the dutch government , it also more prone to interfere with businesses then the dutch . 
  those air france managers are stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  the speaker of the house of commons is an arsenal fan . 
  the queen is an arsenal fan . 
  and if he becomes pm , the prime minister would be an arsenal fan . 
  clean sweep . 
  i am really wondering how he said that with a straight face . 
  how much is a night out in oslo ? 
  no one bothers asking because you would need a bank loan to cover it .
