  that is the nature of the beast . 
  it doesnt mean that anything has changed in our approach to these countries . 
  hopefully that means a breakthrough on mode 4 . 
  i 've seen similar sentiments in the guardian . 
  we would coddle anyone and everyone regardless if we are in the eu or not . 
  in this instance our relationship with the saudis is very old and well documented . 
  you cant have it both ways , either we were hypocritical pre-2016 with our foreign policy ( in regards to dealing with authoritarian regimes ) and this is nothing new . 
  or we had morals in pre-2016 and didnt go around coddling authoritarian regimes and this just started in the past year . 
  the latter is obviously ridiculous . 
  if aramco had its ipo pre-2016 , we would be right there chatting with the saudis . 
  as for the philippines , they help keep the nhs above water . 
  there are more of them working in the nhs then any european nation . 
  so slightly important to us you would imagine . 
  we are trying to improve our relationship with asean and they are a big voice that we need to talk too . 
  simple . 
  that their police , military and government vessels shouldnt really be doing incursions into friendly allies territorial waters without giving notification beforehand ? 
  this can be solved amicably , the uk wants to an international tribunal to rule the extent of territorial waters , but spain doesnt . 
  it doesnt help that spain doesnt abide by the cordoba agreement anymore either . 
  yep , brussels doesnt like sovereignty disputes and rightfully doesnt involve itself in it . 
  as its an english source , you will most likely get an english-speaking perspective . 
  i cant read spanish so i would have to ask you to help with a spanish source looking at it from that perspective . 
  in any case i dont think a cambridge professor would go to such lengths , there is logic to his arguments and there is no point resorting to ad hominems . 
  its quite simple . 
  spain insists that the treaty of utrecht signed in the 1700 's does not cede any coastal waters to gibraltar . 
  the uk and gibraltar say according international maritime law , un convention on the law of the sea , which both are party too , gibraltar does have territorial waters . 
  as the same law states , coastal territories are automatically entitled to a band of territorial sea ( also one of the basic principles underpinning maritime laws ) . 
  so the whole dispute is basically is gibraltar entitled to territorial waters . 
  the simple reason this exists is because spain is aware it will lose the case if it goes to tribunal and you need both parties to agree for it to go to international tribunal . 
  spain wont do it . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/newstatesman-gibraltar/special-features/2015/09/disputed-waters-around-gibraltar-time-judicial ) is an article that states members of the spanish government have conceded this point as well . 
  if you dont agree for it to go to tribunal and let it be judged , then it wont be judged and you can continue claiming its a grey area . 
  best move for spain in this situation . 
  3 nautical miles from the coast . 
  we havent claimed the full 12 . 
  a good proportion of its sales are for the football though . 
  there arent any exclusive sports papers like lequipe . 
  people buy tabloids as its cheap and easy to get upto date . 
  all the people i know who buy tabloids buy it for that reason and rarely to actually read news . 
  majority of people get their news from the tv which has strict ofcom broadcasting guidelines to follow . 
  exactly , and they have the air power , the necessary infrastructure to preform a mass amphibian invasion followed by a grueling air and land campaign . 
  nobody in europe can do that ( or will do that ) for the baltics . 
   i think this is asking way too much for two months . 
  nothing is being asked for in two months . 
  all its saying is in may we will sit down and meet and we will all agree to spend the rest of year coming up with the plan . 
  so you spend the whole of 2017 coming up with the plan . 
  thats all . 
  very reasonable . 
  thats what 's been happening since it was first brought up all those years ago ( 2006 ) . 
  `` yea dont worry , we will do it , trust us '' but it never does , and if you keep delaying for decades and start using excuses i.e. 
  its only an agreement not a commitment , so it became a set commitment . 
  its an open ended commitment so we will do it later , so a deadline was created . 
  give them a chance and we will get to 2024 and half of europes budgets will not have moved an inch . 
  there just isnt any solidarity behind it which is why i agree on having a plan . 
   this increase in defense spending is not needed . 
  the eu already spends 4 times what russia ( the biggest `` potential enemy '' ) spends . 
  we can not defend all eu countries from russian aggression without the us . 
  simple . 
  western europe ? 
  sure , we 're fine and pretty protected ( and it shows in the way this is discussed ) . 
  estonia ? 
  not a hope in hell . 
  its a plan with annual milestones , i.e. 
  i am at 0.7 % now . 
  in 2018 it will 1 % in 2019 it will be 1.3 % in 2020 it will be 1.6 % etc we will do this by procuring x , and increasing x for this and that . 
  it shows you are actually serious about reaching the target . 
  this discussion began in [ 2006 ] ( http://www.nato.int/docu/speech/2006/s060608m.htm ) when we all agreed its best if everyone reaches 2 % and those who dont will work hard towards it . 
  11 years later no change . 
  sometimes you have to call people out on their bullshit . 
  for all intents and purposes , they are nato . 
  and they have both the power and we have to live up to our promised commitments . 
  very simple . 
  if you say you are going to reach 2 % by 2024 , taking a whole year to come up with a plan to do it is absolutely reasonable . 
  the us asking everyone to do it is also reasonable . 
  they dont need a right , its a request and as quoted above there goal is to get agreement with everyone in may for this . 
  they all agreed to pay 2 % by 2024 . 
  the us just want them to show plans on actually doing that . 
  it seems fair , its taking the piss if you dont even have plans to meet the goal . 
   our goal should be to agree at the may leaders meeting that by the end of the year all allies will have either met the pledge guidelines or will have developed plans that clearly articulate how , with annual milestone progress commitments , the pledge will be fulfilled, 
  to be fair , the train could be heading into a brick wall . 
  in which case , probably better to start rolling backwards . 
  the commission was against any bilateral negotiations full stop . 
  it seems they changed that position after pressure from spain regarding gibraltar as the above article suggests . 
  i 'm sorry , i dont quite get what you mean . 
  the bilateral deal is between the uk and spain regarding gibraltar . 
  those are the two countries that make it a bilateral deal . 
  it most likely will drop by half . 
  brugel the think tank have also been documenting it quite well . 
  there are a lot of fair issues but there is definitely some creative accounting and cost inflation to get to that figure . 
   it is striking because the role expressly excludes the possibility of such bilateral pacts in all other aspects of the exit . 
  i 'm surprised the eu eventually agreed , they have been so insistent on no bilateral agreements . 
  it suits the uk to sort it out bilaterally as well and not include the rest of the eu in the process . 
   and until recently france as well . 
  we still work very closely with them . 
  we just signed a new deal a few days ago to jointly build some [ cruise missiles ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-and-france-strengthen-defence-cooperation-with-new-weapon-system-agreement ) . 
  i think the issue i have with the hormone ban on beef , is that we originally talked about the scientific evidence for it being not good for us , and i was absolutely in support of it . 
  if the americans want to eat harmful meat , go ahead just dont involve us . 
  but when the scientific consensus started to say it actually isnt harmful we still continued with it because people just dont like it . 
  its a bit hypocritical , either its bad for us and the science agrees or its not . 
  when the science doesnt agree why are we still saying its harmful ? 
  the commission occasionally comes out with `` new evidence '' that is differs from the majority scientific consensus .
