  you dont arrest people for their parentage . 
  is it a fair trial or is it is because of political pressure that he was arrested ? 
  they are saying the latter , especially because with a eaw there is no need to present actual evidence . 
  just the charges . 
   yet a legal system that produces conviction rates in excess of 90 per cent is one that clearly is n't working fairly in the interests of justice . 
  it is one in which corners are being cut to produce pre-determined results . 
  this includes mass surveillance , the pre-trial leaking of evidence to the media and the use of other intimidatory tactics . 
  judges who have angered prosecutors by acquitting defendants have even found themselves targeted with investigation . 
  romania 's anti-corruption drive has become tainted by authoritarian methods that pose a serious threat to the rule of law . 
  thats from a leftist labour advisor . 
  its not like he is a rabid europhobe that hates romanians . 
  more like a very concerned socialist . 
   despite having not set foot in romania for years , when alexander criticised the romanian government for their unjust treatment of his father , he quickly found himself accused of exactly the same crime . 
  it took a romanian judge a mere 20 minutes to deliberate , issue and publish an arrest warrant that was hastily sent to the uk . 
   unless he can prove the political motivation for the accusations or that his human rights would be breached on returning to romania , alexander 's wife and three young children will be left in london to continue their fight for justice alone , while he languishes in a bucharest jail cell awaiting an unfair trial . 
   what has happened to alexander adamescu and his family is but one example of how the european arrest warrant has become a tool for persecution by unscrupulous governments . 
  it assumes the parity of justice between eu member states where often there is none whatsoever . 
   romania 's legal system has no trial by jury , nor does it commit to the principles of innocence until proven guilty and habeas corpus . 
  it provides little check on the arbitrary abuse of power by the romanian state , which despite years of eu membership still finds itself manipulating the judiciary to attack its opponents in a form of `` lawfare '' . 
  and yet judges in other eu countries must treat warrants issued in romania with trust and reciprocity . 
  that 's from a czech international relations professor . 
  his main point is similar to the guy beforehand . 
  i think whats worrying is your categorisation of `` internal enemies '' . 
  once you being using that nomenclature , the fight against corruption that is being done for good can be hijacked for political purposes to become a fight against these internal `` enemies '' , whether the letter of the law is followed or not . 
  which is what people are saying happened in that case . 
  yea , though its weird some lying reporter is being charged with undermining national security . 
  if only we did that with all of our brexit reporters ... in my opinion a ridiculous accusation meets a ridiculous law . 
  but the main issue really is not sky news , its alex adamescu and the uk governments trust of the romanian judicial system . 
  the romanians made a hash of requesting the arrest of adamescu right before he could speak in front of the biggest independent journalist club in london about his case . 
  that caused a mini scandal with the people who cared about the eaw ( i.e. 
  euroskeptics ) especially because most think he is completely innocent or there hasnt been a just course of law . 
  it left very little political room to manoeuvre for the government to go now an arrest a journalist . 
  so i think they are just going to ignore it until they cant . 
  here are a few articles that summarises the issue from that perspective : [ voice of america ] ( http://www.voanews.com/a/british-action-european-arrest-warrant-sparks-criticism/3378554.html ) [ fabian society ] ( http://www.fabians.org.uk/backwards-march/ ) [ parliamentlive.eu ] ( https://www.theparliamentmagazine.eu/articles/partner_article/central-european-journal-international-and-security-studies-cejiss/case ), 
  you think stuart ramsay and his skynews report is some mi6 inside job or something ? 
  okay ... more like , after all the shit they got for the arrest of alex adamescu by their own conservatives party , the uk government doesnt really take romanian arrests warrants that seriously ( nor the independence of its judiciary to be honest ) . 
  they probably left it at the bottom of the pile hoping it doesnt distract more conservatives during this brexit period . 
  mate , forget it , he 's a hopeless cause . 
  he thinks its possible for nato allies to have economic sanctions on each other over corporation tax rates . 
  its like he thinks the world is a simple civ game . 
  yep , rdd sample as its called is the worst choice besides all the others . 
  but there really isnt any alternative for now . 
  best thing to do is use a mixed approach to interviewing ( online , postal , telephone etc ) with the hope that you will get an overall balanced sample in the end . 
  well i think there must be something thats missing here because its seems completely unfeasible and ridiculous . 
  robocalls i believe are ivr calls ( i.e. 
  there is no human at the other end of the line ) ? 
  those pretty much cant be considered to have any impact on respondents . 
  a cold call ivr would be ridiculous proposition in the uk . 
  i can assure you , the amount of people in the whole country who would listen to a cold called ivr is ridiculously small . 
  if you have experienced ( read : abused by ) a ppi call , like every man and women in the uk , you will know that no one in their right mind will countenance listening to that phone call . 
  i think its really debatable how much of an effect you will have on the individual , let alone anyone else . 
  you have to remember people dont trust cold calls , they are incredibly cynical especially after the huge media campaigns about telephone scams of the elderly . 
  but lets assume it works . 
  if its ivr , thats different ( and useless as people will ignore it like a ppi call ) . 
  but if it is cati , firstly you need to identify `` voters '' as you said above . 
  you are manipulating voters . 
  so some questions will need to be asked . 
  but even if you dont really care about that , its still time consuming as you still need a script to say something to these individuals i.e. 
  the `` manipulation '' part . 
  and it is not cheap , its the complete opposite . 
  the main cost is individuals and the hours that they are working and other overheads . 
  its expensive running a call centre , especially if you have unproductive sample ( which this will most likely be ) . 
  if you are trying to dial 100,000 in a month , that is a seriously large amount you are looking at . 
  in fact , you probably need everything from the call centre managers to data processors for that . 
  its not cheap . 
  and depending on your sample ( especially ifs its randomly dialled ) you will be looking at say a 1:30 or 1:40 strike rate for a completed call . 
  so just a rough target of 4,000,000 calls will be needed !, 
  personally that seems like a ridiculous strategy if that is the case . 
  just for the sheer cost involved and how many people you are realistically manipulating . 
  dialling a 1000 people a week is expensive , how many do you need to dial to realistically be able to manipulate enough voters ? 
  1000 is good for a representative sample but for actually causing an impact , its a drop in the ocean . 
  you would have to have the largest cati operation the uk has ever seen . 
  that company is not accredited by the mrs , someone is dropping the ball there if they were ever used in a major media poll . 
  the comres dude said they are breaching the mrs code of conduct , well they are but i just checked and they arent part of the mrs. who the hell would be using them then ? 
  probably some unscrupulous rags like the express but even then it seems unlikely . 
  i work in the industry ( not political polling though ) and im pretty sure the big players dont use them as they dont need too and there are easier alternatives that are actually accredited . 
  edit : did a little more digging and found this in the c4 article . 
   if asked where the survey would be published , they were told to reply : `` not all the results we gather are published . 
  it 's often purely for research purposes . 
  they are often used for newspapers/tv polls . ''  however , there is no evidence of any polls by return research being published , or used by the media . 
  its not used because it really cant be , no one would touch unaccredited stuff and then publish it tbh . 
  this push polling stuff is not the reason why the major polling companies fucked up , its just too basic of a slipup . 
  its mr 101 . 
   this is like the push polling the eurosceptic pollsters were doing for the leave campaign in the uk , where they 'd call up old people to see which way they were voting , by asking `` do you wish to continue paying 350 million pounds a week to the eu , or do you think that money would be better spent on our nhs ? '', 
  which polling companies were doing that ? 
  well , i 'm more than happy to hear another one . 
  i was suggesting that is the case mainly because there was no mention in the greenland example that the eu wo n't be providing the compensation and greenland will . 
  it seems to be they would be under obligation too unlike greenland . 
  yep , it all depends if the negotiations can keep the uk in the single market , or maybe inside some form of it , which would then be discussed with trading partners and shown that its not a change that would make them lose the `` rights and benefits '' they otherwise enjoyed . 
  i think in the end this will be the compromise . 
  if that was the case , why did the commission suggest the eu would be paying the compensation and not greenland in the greenland case i mentioned below ? 
  the uk would no longer be a party to the agreement between the eu and its trading partners and would be under no legal obligation to do what you suggest , unlike the eu . 
  it wont be in the text but that wont stop it being a legal argument that would win . 
  this was mentioned specifically by the commission when they discussed the status of greenland when they got autonomy ( and by technicalities left the eu ) . 
  here you go :  the free trade agreements concluded by the community with the efta countries , which at present enjoy exemption from customs duties and free access without quantitative restrictions to the greenland market , would automatically cease to apply to greenland . 
  the question whether the community would have to negotiate with its partners compensation for the rights and benefits which those countries would lose as a result of the ` shrinking ' of the community would not arise if the same rights and benefits were granted by greenland . 
  [ source ] ( http://aei.pitt.edu/5173/1/5173.pdf#page=22 ) so basically saying if greenland keeps everything the same and the trading partners are not damaged , there is no compensation necessary , which is what happened . 
  you can be absolutely certain this is being discussed in brussels but it is dependent on whether the uk will stay in the single market . 
  there are a lot more of these tricky issues that will crop up over the coming years . 
  as for the technicalities of the compensation , it probably wont be a burden on the uk as the uk will not be a party to the agreement between the eu and the trading partner .
