  one of the advantages of london is that most of the world is `` anglo inspired '' . 
  it does n't explain why its more prevalent than their own local law . 
  the fact that its anglo-inspired does n't really change much , as the example of the spanish-chinese company still stands as they would most likely be doing this commercial contract through one of the main international financial centres in the world . 
  in the spanish-chinese example these centres would really be london , hong kong or singapore with it being an european-asian transaction . 
  all unfortunately anglo inspired and most likely going to use english common law . 
  in fact with the not exactly stellar reputation of chinese law , in this case example it would most likely be done in hong kong under english common law . 
  here is another [ source ] ( http://scholarlycommons.law.northwestern.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1767&amp;context=njilb ) . 
  this paper looks at the attractiveness of different types of contract law . 
  in its conclusion it does state that the sample is heavily biased to europe compared to the us and especially asia , but still the most attractive contract law is english law for cases in the international court of arbitration in paris . 
  in fact with the prevalence in asia of english contract law ( with the help of course , as you say , from these anglo inspired city states ) , a more balanced sample would have probably put it even more ahead . 
  i will bold two points in particular of his conclusion . 
   this article is based on an empirical study of the data published by one arbitral institution . 
  while parties to icc arbitrations are very diverse , i have noted that european parties are overrepresented and american and asian parties are underrepresented . 
  the study could be complemented by a study of cases arbitrated under the aegis of the major arbitral institutions in asia and in the americas . 
  from the perspective of the united states , an important question would be whether the study of asian and american cases would confirm the poor performance of u.s. state laws in general and new york law in particular . 
  ** received wisdom is that english and new york law dominates international business transactions ** . 
  this study and the preliminary results of the study of asian data reveal that the ** truth of the matter might well be that new york is far from being a serious competitor to english law ** . 
  this finding , if confirmed , would be counterintuitive as the contents of english and new york law are very similar . 
  is new york law suffering from the incomprehension and fear that the american legal system inspires to the rest of the world ? 
  i leave this question for further research . 
  i would also link a [ blog post ] ( https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=54fcfa83-19cf-4542-9ea8-449fa1d6e11a ) ( even though a blog is not definitive by any measure ) , by the largest law firm in the world , baker & mckenzie who specialise in corporate law . 
  why would an american legal firm address other businesses with the advice that they should continue using english common law ( also assuming they already use it ) , if that type of law was not in any way prevalent ? 
  yea sure , it 's something that 's not really discussed in general in relation to london and its links to finance except in a relatively vague way ( i.e. 
  `` london has the infrastructure which cant be easily moved '' ) . 
  english common law and its abundant use in commercial transactions is one of the pillars of that infrastructure . 
  anyway , here is a [ source ] ( http://www.allenovery.com/sitecollectiondocuments/brexit%20governing%20law%20article%20specialist%20paper%20no%201.pdf ) :  english law is currently a popular , if not the most popular , choice of law for parties to cross-border commercial contracts worldwide ( see , for example , the [ singapore academy of law 's january 2016 ] ( http://www.ciarb.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/sal_singapore_law_survey.pdf ) survey of 500 lawyers working on cross-border transactions , in which english law was , by a significant margin , the most popular choice of governing law , with 48 % of respondents identifying it as their preferred choice ) in this instance , when these lawyers in asia were asked which choice of law do you use , singaporean law or the law of the home jurisdiction the contract is being written came in at a combined 37 % while english law came in at 48 % . 
  this is a similar case around the world . 
  it helps that uk law firms are also some of the biggest and are more international in their focus than their american counterparts . 
  not really replace . 
  none of these places will be competing in real international sense , the competitors globally are elsewhere . 
  take the forex market , the largest financial market in the world . 
  larger than all the others combined . 
  uk/london share of that market is 40 % , germany/frankfurt is 1.2 % , france/paris at 2.8 . 
  the swiss are a bit better at 3 % . 
  the americans/ny are the only real competition at 18 % . 
  with 3rd place singapore rising quickly at 5.7 % . 
  or the interest rate derivatives market , same situation . 
  the global financial markets are not really going to have a huge change . 
  it 's not only that , its the combination that keep london important . 
  for example if a spanish company is signing an international contract with a chinese company , most likely that contract will be under english contract law and settled in london , the english language , the ability to trade with the world during a working day , lighter regulation , ease of business . 
  all this will mean it will continue to be the biggest financial centre in europe ( but probably slip to 2nd or 3rd in the world ) . 
  if you did not agree to it , you would not have re-united . 
  nice !, 
  soon enough paris will be able to overtake dalian , china and maybe break into the [ top 30 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_financial_centres_index ) . 
  but he is happy nevertheless . 
  now eu sanctions may soon be lifted , the most hawkish of the big 3 is gone . 
  members that could n't be swayed by german/french business pressure wo n't have the hawkish uk alongside them and may crumble when faced with those against sanctions . 
  with economic uncertainty that is being caused by brexit , we will be faced with a dilemma . 
  scrap the sanctions which affect us economically during a turbulent time or let 's continue punishing russia for crimea . 
  the question , `` is crimea worth that much ? 
  '' , will be answered . 
  tbh , that never was what bothered universities . 
  we are more sorry for the funding , eu citizens while nice to have them paid the same as the uk citizens . 
  the majority of the money comes from grants and international students who subsidised the uk/eu students low fees . 
  fees will probably rise for the uk students . 
  and all eu students with pay international fees , which is good news for the asians since they are on a level playing field with europe in getting in our good universities . 
  other commenters seem to think we do n't export since it wo n't make much money . 
  what we in fact do is called dumping . 
  we overproduce ( mainly to do with eu export subsidies ) certain products and dump them in the african market after there is no longer any space to sell in europe . 
  either the food goes off or you sell it for pennies in africa . 
  also since you are getting subsidised your risk is much lower , e.g. 
  with poultry the grain used to feed the chickens is heavily subsidied adding with the scale of production and technology means the profit from even dumping is satisfactory compared to just letting it rot . 
  an example is cameroon . 
  in 94 they imported 60 tons of poultry . 
  they joined the wto in 96 , by 2004 they imported 22k tons . 
  94 % of local producers went bust in less than a decade . 
  this happens in many industries across the developing world . 
  main european related ones are poultry , wheat and the big baddie , sugar . 
  lastly , people forget that aid is not always free . 
  they are many loans that have debt repayments . 
  half of france * aid to africa was loans that have debt payments , a third of germany 's etc. 
  france for example gets 2-300million annually only for the interest in its aid loans from poor countries . 
  let 's not begin to mention the indirect subsidies some of these aid programs take ( for example 10million in british aid to buy better types of medicine , subclause though states its a british pharmaceutical you can only buy from , so indirectly subsidising your own industry ) . 
  i 'd recommend reading dambisa moyo 's book , dead aid . 
  where she argues the whole thing needs to simply end . 
  * http://www.euractiv.com/section/development-policy/news/growing-share-of-european-development-aid-disguised-as-loans/, 
  urm ... what are you talking about ? 
  they are deported after their sentences . 
  and in the rare cases they ca n't be , its because of their human rights enshrined by uk and european law . 
  many want to leave the eu so that can become easier and only the uk human rights law will need changing . 
  but anyway , the majority are born in the uk and so wo n't be deported as they are british citizens . 
  unlike the europeans mentioned in this article . 
  its using data from 2013 . 
  that might put some perspective on it . 
  what about the budget ? 
  that was the easiest shot for any opposition leader in a very long time . 
  this government loves u-turns more than anything and he barely takes advantage . 
  we had engelbert humperdinck in 2012 . 
  we did try the `` old man with funny name '' niche for a year but that was a miserable failure too . 
   i mean , i know that uk and russia take eurovision super seriously too ( which makes it all the more amusing for the rest of europe when we give the uk no points on purpose so they 'll cry and threaten to leave some more , ... 
  still more wins ( and more recent ) wins than the belgians . 
  indeed more recent success compared to any of our competitors near the top of the winners table , besides sweden . 
  guess europe still loves us even though winning got too tiring and we decided to let more of you have a taste of it . 
  who is turkish !, 
   and muslims have to repeat it 33 times a day . 
  no they dont . 
  they dont `` have '' to do anything . 
  quite a few , those dates are hammered home in school very regularly . 
  blenheim maybe would be the only one that people may have forgotten/not familiar with . 
  why are they telling the uk ?
