  like creationist or climate deniers . 
  it seems pretty blinkered and its all politics because the general population in some countries really dont like it . 
  that 's interesting , you can see they just appended it on the bottom of a normal list . 
  you might be right , they could be pushing this further then it has gone before for political goals . 
  although it wont help the eu much if this goes the wto * again * . 
  they will just tell both off . 
  the beef ban is just politics which we cant escape , and now the us is playing the same games . 
  not looking good for those wanting a middle ground . 
  do you have a link to the list ? 
  it could be unrelated to this particular trade dispute . 
  we will find out if its political point scoring if they widely publicise it . 
  but this probably would have occurred regardless of the president . 
  the 100 % is going back to their pre-2009 position . 
  so if its cost a # 1 , its now # 2 . 
  its also targeted , they will leave out countries that are in support of lifting the beef ban , like the uk . 
  last round of tariffs did n't affect us at all and hit mainly france ( dijon , pate , roquefort cheese etc ) and a few others quite severely . 
  the vespa stuff is interesting , because as far as i am aware , they only targeted agricultural products as it was an agricultural dispute . 
  i think it was a figure of speech , in the end they will probably stick to the agricultural products . 
  they only recently removed tariffs because of this dispute , before 2009 they had plenty of tariffs ( they tariff 'd the hell out of france agriculture sector , cheese , onions etc ) . 
  it looks like they want to re-introduce it because the eu is apparently not living up to the 2009 mou . 
  probably related to the implementation of phase 3 ( when we increase imports of non-hormone us beef ) which i dont think has still happened . 
  they first retaliated to the eu ban on gmo beef in 89 with tariffs . 
  this has been around for a while , i doubt consumers would notice . 
  fun fact : that judge is tony blairs brother . 
  they have n't said anything about not being america 's ally . 
   ohh ... 
  i find it bizarre either way xd they cant clap/applaud so they 've always used that , its an old english expression . 
  well of course , the north wont be a separate country it will join ireland . 
  like east germany joining west . 
  it doesnt need to re-apply , the country it joins is already a member . 
  scotland on the other hand will become a separate and new country , unless it decides to join ireland as well . 
  in the paragraph i quoted above , its blair stating his opposition to the current multi-speed europe propositions , which at the time did not have the safeguards necessary for it go forward with our support . 
   we never blocked it . 
  we repeatedly encouraged the others to integrate without us . 
  but multi-speed never occurred and we explicit stated our opposition to it . 
  integration can occur but it can not be at the expense of those outside the core . 
  which is what all the current multi-speed ideas eventually do . 
   i agree with guy verhofstadt that enhanced co-operation is an instrument to strengthen the union from within , not an instrument of exclusion . 
  that is why enhanced co-operation must not be used to undermine the single market or other common policies . 
  the safeguards must be stringent ones . 
  the present treaties provide them . 
  any changes must be equally stringent in avoiding a multi-tier europe ; the creation of different sets of rules ; damage to the rights of those not able to participate ; or erosion of the powers of the commission as guardians of the treaties . 
  they never created the safeguards and the whole idea ended . 
  one of the biggest examples i think is the fiscal compact that we blocked from becoming an eu treaty . 
  one of the many concerns related to the use of the eu institutions . 
  these institution are for the 28 not just the core eurozone , so it should make policy for all of us and not be used to help the core . 
  its related to that multi-tier idea above , once you get a core that can use eu institution to simply help their integration it creates a different set of rules for them and erodes the influence of those outside it . 
  that is only if you watch iplayer . 
  i can get a pc and just not watch iplayerand i wont pay anything . 
  this policy change here is if you simply have the product i believe . 
  it depends on your definition to be honest , the uk never had a problem with those who were part of the euro for example , integrating further . 
  we did however have a huge problem if that core tried to influence other aspects of the eu unilaterally simply because they are more integrated . 
  as blair said in 2000 , `` we want a multi-speed europe but not a multi-tier europe '' . 
  as that was problem was never resolved ( to this day ) , we blocked it and continued blocking it . 
  we did not want to be on the outside looking in while policy was unilaterally decided by a core coalition and simply presented to us . 
  it was actually discussed quite a bit in early 2000 before the eastern european nations joined . 
  the reason was chirac saw expansion as a ploy by the uk to expand the eu and dilute the influence of the core eu countries with atlanticist/new capitalist countries that would outvote frances interests . 
  what he wanted was the core to stay the core and this whole thing blew up . 
  like many other eu crises its forgotten by the public but not the politicians and bureaucrats . 
   seriously there was no reason for the uk not to have been in schengen other than mistrust of other security agencies there was a perfectly good reason , public opinion . 
  a loud and big part of the population would not have stood for it . 
  as blair told chirac at the time `` for britain as an island state control over our immigration and over our asylum and our own frontiers is absolutely essential , and i want that written into the treaty . '', 
  if we went into schengen , brexit would have happened earlier . 
  very simple . 
  blair made a few mistakes , and i hold him as a big reason for brexit but this one was correct . 
  that sentiment hasnt changed and you could see how it was used during the referendum . 
  politicians have to be careful with major steps , if your country is not behind you , you are setting yourself to fail in the future . 
  thats the one thing i hope brexit has taught the eu , dont ignore those who are angry , convince them . 
  yes same with denmark at the time . 
  but we were never excluded from eu decision making ( except in those competencies we are not involved in like the euro ) so its not the multi-speed that they were against , its multi-tier . 
  the multi-tier comes around if you dont explicitly exclude it . 
  it goes to the point blair made , we can have a europe of different speeds but not different tiers . 
  there never has been a concerted effort to ensure it doesnt become different tiers . 
  there is a pretty good reason why the uk killed it dead multiple times , even during very [ europhile governments ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/958908.stm ) . 
  its not because we are always assholes but there are concerns that never get addressed about the people on the outside . 
  its also not very hard to address them , there are plenty of ways to re-assure other members that it wont mean a loss of influence , position or a change of stature to a lower level . 
  it just never happens though . 
  i apologise if it came across as aggressive , it was not meant to be . 
  what i intended behind my comment was to further the conversation and bring it back to the article which was about multi-speed europe by tying the two issues together . 
   it was done for political reasons . 
  as is everything , doesnt mean political reasons wont end the second the multi-speed starts . 
  in fact , with a slow distancing it will get worse . 
  sorry romania , you cant join cooperation 1 because the pre-requisites are cooperation 1a and cooperation 1b . 
  oh also , sorry but you cant join cooperation 1b because you need to have ... been in the eurozone for 10 years , or we feel you have judicial issues even though this might be unrelated . 
  arbitrary requirements all the way down . 
  it will be a simple way for the relatively well off countries to get their shit together , and then slowly decide who they want to let in . 
  what the fuck guys ? 
  stop this now !, 
  you 're giving the bbc ideas ... !, 
  the truth is , the commission has no powers to force these things through . 
  you need the member states governments to agree to it as well . 
  the commission believes romania has met all the necessary requirements needed to join schengen , but other member states for political reasons are blocking it . 
  that 's basically it . 
  same thing happened when you first joined the eu , which is why there were transitional immigration controls in the beginning . 
  it 's also very likely that it will happen with increased frequency in a `` multi-speed europe '' . 
  especially if it follows the format of core countries enhancing cooperation and then checking who wants to join rather then everyone joining in general but core countries enhancing cooperation more deeply . 
  there is a subtle difference between the two . 
  if you are outside the core , then you have less of a chance of building coalitions and putting your view across ( indeed even joining enhanced cooperation without permission ) . 
  hopefully those concerns are taken into account , but seeing how fast the core eurozone 4 want to get this done , they have the perfect chance to bulldoze it through ( and not everyone can be as idiotically public in their criticism as poland ) . 
   also , the guest list has been fucking shite for the past few years .
