  the main producers and exporters of oil in opec , and the main exporters of oil globally is still saudi arabia . 
  they are the swing producer . 
  their role is to keep oil prices '' [ reasonable ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-03-18/saudi-arabia-s-naimi-says-100-crude-oil-is-reasonable-price.html ) '' . 
  reasonable being defined as high enough to profit from but not high enough to hurt global economic growth or recovery ( or future sales ) . 
  this is not something the us can emulate as it does not have the production capability , the exports to the global market , the proven reserves and the influence in opec to swing market prices . 
  the saudis are the swing producers because they have all of that , right now . 
  the saudi 's use their money to fund external actors , not their own militaries equipment . 
  there job was never to send oil directly to the us . 
  just to keep prices stable . 
  me oil has gone to europe/asia and not the us for a very long time now . 
  most of us oil is either from home , canada or venezuela . 
  it may not be one of hard power , but it is certainly an instrument of soft power . 
  if there is a more concerted effort there can be a stronger form of hard power used within the commonwealth . 
  however that is not a likely scenario as the uk is drifting away from the commonwealth and towards europe or usa for the long term . 
  ( which is really only the case ( especially new zealand ) as a consequence of the preferential access to the british market being closed off to them when britain joined the ecc ), 
  i think i misunderstood you . 
  the end result ( sharing heads of state etc ) is a result of a cultural connection of course . 
  i do not agree though that is all it amounts * to * , which is what i was trying to point out before . 
  there is a significant impact on governments workings within itself and with those ( sharing hos ) nations because of it , besides its being a cultural trait of the nation . 
  that connection of course can be emulated or copied , but the consequences of it would be too much for a modern nation to even consider . 
  leaving the uk and the commonwealth in a relatively unique position . 
  edit : in regards to our previous discussion about the queens role in foreign affairs & the commonwealth , [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/queen-elizabeth-ii/10539479/only-the-queen-understands-the-true-value-of-the-commonwealth.html ) is an interesting article that takes up the matter . 
  not foreign policy but there is a lot of links and contact because of the sharing of the crown . 
  the crown , and the governments of the commonwealth realms are all in constant contact and communication so the queen can fulfil her constitutional role as monarch . 
  governor generals meet and discuss with high commissioners , who talk with foreign offices , who speak with cabinets ministers who discuss it with other nations cabinet ministers who speak with their governor generals etc etc. 
  there is a lot of layers that are added to the food chain because of her constitutional role which necessitates constant communication through all levels above and beyond what is normal . 
  not to mention that the in the foreign policy department the role of high commissioners is much more closer to the fco and are handled separately and get preferential treatment compared to foreign ambassadors . 
  they get more perks than normal ambassadors and this is even after the vienna convention of diplomacy curtailed a lot of the old style commonwealth diplomacy . 
  so i wouldnt exactly say that sharing the same of head of state is simply just a `` cultural connection '', 
  i think both is the best solution but at times they will come into conflict with each other . 
  like when we originally joined the ecc we had to turn our backs on countries like new zealand because of the cap . 
  new zealand is a pretty small place and at the time was sending 60 % of its exports to britain , mainly agriculture ( cheese , butter , lamb etc ) . 
  their market access to britain was closed off once we joined the ecc and cap . 
  the impact on new zealand was severe and they had to go through some rough decades of trade and export diversification . 
  i understand where you are coming from but you missed out an important part . 
  france , spain etc have deep cultural and linguistic ties with those nations , but that is not the same as the ties i was discussing . 
  i was discussing sovereign and institutional ties . 
  those links are much deeper than cultural or linguistic , especially when discussing relations between countries . 
  when you share the same head of state and have deep connections with another nation through many institutions ( military , intelligence , foreign office etc ) and levels of government , that is a level of closeness that is in another ballpark altogether . 
  this is not the same as spain 's relationships for example with mexico , or portugals with brazil or france with algeria . 
  the relationship between the commonwealth realms is almost akin to a personal union . 
  add to the fact that these nations are developed first world nations and not part of the developing world . 
  having those strong ties i discussed with developed countries , that is certainly an area in which we are alone . 
   asked whether britain will ever join the single currency , schmidt says : `` i do n't know . 
  i do n't know whether i would like britain to join . 
  the british are very stubborn . 
  the queen , the commonwealth and the special relationship with the us is much more important than europe . 
  britain still believes in the old values and it has every right to do so . 
  britain is less european-minded than greece . 
   i thought this part was more interesting to be honest . 
  it 's a fair assessment i think . 
  but it is also a uniquely british problem in europe . 
  it is the only european nation that has deep sovereign and institutional ties with first world developed nations that are outside of europe ( new zealand , canada , australia etc ) . 
  the choice of whether to deepen those ties or deepening its european ties is not a dilemma faced by the germans or the french or spaniards etc who do not have its equivalent . 
  it 's europe or bust . 
  when you dont have that choice , and look in from the outside , the choice seems obvious . 
  deeping those ties is sometimes misconstrued as harking back to the empire , when that is not the case . 
   france does n't even spend the stipulated minimum anymore , and they 're the only country in the european union with a active aircraft carrier iirc . 
  hey hey hey !, 
  the uk has one too ... but you are sort of right . 
  it 's being decommissioned next year , and the new one isnt going to be operational until 2020 . 
  i 'm not arguing with any of that . 
  the missiles in kaliningrad are part of a long tit for tat . 
  i 'm no apologist of nato i was just explaining their position . 
  they are definitely trying to undermine the mad doctrine as best they can . 
  why ? 
  it 's a consequence of technological achievements . 
  if they have the technology to undermine russia capabilities , the us military will do it . 
  besides the mad doctrine relies too much on the other party and i think this has always been unacceptable for the us military who naturally want all the cards in their hands . 
  it 's kinda silly i feel as undermining the mad doctrine is like the undermining of international organisations ( un etc ) by the us and its going to bite us in the ass in 50 years when china is one exploiting the weaknesses and not the us . 
  about pissing off russia , the aegis system is there to undermine russia and nato will do everything it can get away with to undermine russia . 
  a weak russia is their goal and will be their goal until russia becomes a friendly nato nation , nato dissolves or russia is irrelevant and that is the nature of the game . 
  they publicly said that there are nato ships patrolling the mediterranean . 
  they havent stated if they patrol across the baltic and north sea , i would imagine they do because of kaliningrad , but dont advertise the fact . 
  no one is interested ? 
  i 'm not certain that is the case . 
  it doesnt really matter if there is or is not a wikipedia article in polish . 
  poland , the us and nato have all agreed , so the base will be built regardless if there is a wikipedia article for it or not . 
  the defence systems are not pure speculation , the sm-3 missiles are proven to work and work effectively . 
  which is why russia hates the system . 
  they can detect and destroy their missiles . 
  as far as i am aware , they can . 
  nato has begun the aegis ballistic missile defense system in europe . 
  there are ( us ) ships that patrol and can intercept and destroy theatre ballistic missiles ( like iskander ) . 
  i am not certain at how fast they can react and destroy a target leaving kaliningrad and reaching lithuania but i would suspect that they can . 
  these anti-ballistic missiles that are on the ships will soon be housed on land in poland and romania , they will house these land base missiles by 2015 and 2018 giving even more security . 
  portugal and spain will also house some warships equipped with these systems . 
  they are slower of course , but will reach a target nearby quicker than an icbm launched from russia as well as hit it more accurately . 
  which is their whole purpose as theatre ballistic missiles . 
  i 'm sorry but i dont fully understand the rest of the sentence . 
  are you saying nato will not respond to a russian missile attacking vilnius ? 
  of course it is posturing but that does not mean it is not a threat . 
  you dont build your defence based on what a country will most likely do , but what they are capable of doing . 
  that is why nato held those steadfast jazz exercises and why they are trying to build those missile defense systems . 
  they may never do anything , but nevertheless its the job of militaries to prepare for it . 
  yes , russia has a bunch of icbm 's . 
  the iskander system in kaliningrad are not the biggest threat in the world , but threat here is relative . 
  it is about the modernisation of the military threat in kaliningrad . 
  iskander missiles are quite new and not the old rusty soviet stuff . 
  they are also able to descend at supersonic speeds and can penetrate most air defence systems .
