   the european commission is seeking new powers over uk-based clearing houses , which process about 90 per cent of european banks ' euro-denominated derivatives and around half of their repo business . 
   those clearing houses deemed `` systemic '' and located outside the eu will be required to meet tougher standards , including providing more data sharing and allowing on-site inspections . 
  it is a common procedure for us regulators , but a new approach for the eu . 
   `` the proposals underscore the centrality of financial services in forthcoming brexit negotiations , '' says jonathan herbst , a partner at norton rose fulbright in london . 
   but the immediate relief in the city 's clearing industry was being tempered as executives and lawyers scoured the details . 
   `` it 's the toughest option in the sense that it allows [ the eu ] direct extraterritorial supervision , '' says a senior executive at a european clearing house . 
  `` if you read into it , there are a lot of torture instruments for the uk in there . ''  for a start , the threat of forcing the relocation of euro denominated clearing to within the eu is still on the table . 
  brussels suggested there could be a limited number of systemically important clearing houses too important to leave outside the eu . 
   esma , the paris-based agency that will have beefed-up powers of oversight , will make such a determination but the exact criteria have yet to be set . 
   commission officials argued that the us also had the power to enforce relocation of dollar swaps clearing if needed but lawyers and clearing house executives overseen by the us said that power was less explicit . 
   brussels 's plans also give the european central bank more ability to dictate the conduct of so-called `` systemic '' overseas clearing houses . 
   that may include power over the type of collateral , such as sovereign bonds , held in the clearing house , and prior approval of changes to the way a clearing house calculates the amount of margin , or the insurance supplied to backstop a trade . 
   european commission officials sought to play down the extent of these powers , but industry executives say they are a nod to the 2011 eurozone sovereign debt crisis when lch ratcheted up the margin requirements on trades involving government debt of spain , portugal and ireland . 
   those moves aggravated some of the continent 's central banks and finance ministries , which claimed that it further inflamed the euro crisis . 
  other central banks may chafe at accepting the ecb 's judgments on their own , or others ' , economies . 
   barnabas reynolds , a partner at law firm shearman & sterling in london , says the overall direction of the commission 's proposals suggested that `` there was a deal to be done here '' . 
   however , he criticised plans that would potentially allow the ecb to intervene in setting the levels of margin , especially on euro-denominated instruments , outside the eu . 
  `` depending on how it 's applied , the margining point could become absurd and completely unworkable , '' he says . 
  `` you ca n't have a system making judgments on the creditworthiness of its own credits . ''  and there are other costs for accepting the eu 's proposed standards . 
  overseas clearing houses already recognised by the eu will have to be reauthorised . 
   daniel hodson , chair of the fsn forum lobby group and former lch board member , says the eu proposals are vague . 
  `` will it be automatic that systemically-important clearing houses will be set up in the eu ? 
  the us reaction will be very interesting , '' he says . 
   the cost of not complying is that clearing houses can no longer provide their services to eu bank branches and eu bank subsidiaries in london , as it would subject the banks to punishing capital requirements . 
   given that would also hurt most eu banks , it raises the question of whether the proposals are genuine or simply a negotiating tactic in what will be a lengthy process . 
   `` the devil 's in the detail , '' says the head of over-the-counter clearing at a us-based bank . 
  `` the eu has some pretty significant discretion here and there 's no real precedent . '', 
  and the euro which is a widely used reserve currency is also used by non-european actors in the market . 
  supervision is what will happen . 
  that article is older , its from the 12th , the eu has realised the its decision on the 14th outlining the options . 
  [ more recent article ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/7e6f7954-50e7-11e7-a1f2-db19572361bb ) . 
  it 's all about supervision now and they will most likely come to an arrangement like the one between the uk-us . 
  just like the all that dollar clearing that is done in london ? 
  clearing wont be moving , protectionism was never going to be the solution , which was apparent to everyone . 
  it was all bluster that started with hollande and the eu papers released last week show they are moving away from that . 
  im sorry but thats not how it played out . 
  one country did not stop eurozone integration happening for the past decade . 
  for actual integration to occur , the treaties have to be re-opened . 
  as schauble said , even after brexit , that is still unrealistic . 
  the treaties can not be opened up , and will not be opened up . 
  so eurozone integration through that process will not occur for the foreseeable future , that already limits the extent of changes that can occur . 
  this has nothing to do with the uk , the second option as he put it is '' pragmatically [ through agreements ] between states '' . 
  this is whats been happening . 
  indeed the issue with sovereign debt of eurozone members , could have been adequately resolve if existing eurozone members actually believed in solidarity and integration first , and punishment second . 
  eurozone bonds were a solution , debt haircuts are a solution , a lot of the ailments of the eurozone ( in particular debtor nations ) can be fixed , and none of the solutions have anything to do with the uk . 
  come on , we are not even allowed to be observers in the eurogroup meetings . 
  we dont have much input on what is agreed within the eurozone . 
  we really didnt have a lot to do with the eurozone from fixing its problems , in fact a better performing eurozone would have increased growth in the uk , those problems are political between the eurozone members themselves . 
  the second major issue with the eu , the response to the refugee situation is not something the uk was heavily involved in . 
   brussels chose not to use brexit as a pretext to make a land grab for london 's $ 1tn a day business of clearing euro-denominated securities . 
  well of course they were always going too , [ i mentioned ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/68z0zc/lse_fires_back_at_eu_plot_to_seize_euroclearing/dh2gtyz/ ) it plenty of times on this subreddit . 
  there is dollar clearing that occurs all across the world , a decent chunk happens in london , does the us go into protectionism or does it have a sensible oversight mechanism with the uk ? 
  there is no point in being self defeating . 
   a deal on joint oversight ought to be possible , and remains in the interests of both sides . 
  but it can not be built on boxed-in markets that are deterred from reaching inconvenient conclusions . 
  that would simply prompt an exodus of activity to somewhere more open . 
  and , whatever its location policy , that would not be the eu . 
  yep , it will be ny . 
  they already have [ caught up ] ( https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/image/v2/images/raw/http%3a%2f%2fcom.ft.imagepublish.prod.s3.amazonaws.com%2f52769480-511f-11e7-bfb8-997009366969?source=next&amp;fit=scale-down&amp;width=600 ) . 
  so the main issue with the eu for the past decade has been british obstructionism ? 
  is that what caused the eurozone crisis and the refugee crisis ? 
  it 's nice to know we were that influential . 
  yea i mean recency bias is something , but i was just making the point that a few crazy things have divided this country since 1651 and i 'm not sure this is coming close to any of those . 
  although yes , i should n't expect people to know british history . 
   the division of society is as deep as it has n't been since the english civil war in the 17th century nothing like some good hyperbole to start the morning with . 
   moreover , even though there is a patent law , ultimately , litigation will be under the jurisdiction of the european court of justice and eu law . 
  your article seems to be saying the complete opposite . 
   despite the fact that the unitary patent is part of the eu rulebook , the legal basis of the court is an international agreement . 
   but why did the member states ** not place the litigation system under the existing eu court of justice ? 
  **  margot fr\u00f6hlinger , principal director for unitary patent and international legal affairs at the epo , explained that businesses and inventors did not want specialised chambers embedded in the eu court . 
   `` it was not welcomed by the users , because they wanted independent judges , with technical knowledge and a special procedure , '' she explained . 
   neither did the eu judges have the `` appetite '' to create specialised chambers , she said . 
   she added that the legal basis of the court was an international treaty because it was sealed as an agreement between the eu and the epo members , which include 38 countries . 
  according to the eu court of justice , this was the only possible way to set up the eu patent court . 
  they do n't have a never ending money supply so they need to do something . 
  especially after their old editor thought he had the midas touch and just expanded . 
  i think the chancellor came out this morning confirming it was also illegal in england . 
  im sorry , but are you saying you can simultaneously be for nordstream ii and still sanction the russian energy sector ? 
  that is contradictory . 
  of course its opposing nordstream ii . 
  or are you saying nordstream ii is not part of the energy sector in russia ? 
  that is literally what they are sanctioning everything involved in the energy sector in russia . 
  its convenient you missed points 1 to 8 , which lay out the in order of importance what the senates goals are . 
  the main ones being across the whole bill is giving energy independence to ee countries , especially ukraine , hence why the energy sector in particular is targeted . 
  the enregy sector is one of the principal ways the russian state gets revenue . 
  sanctioning the energy sector which includes opposing nordstream ii are key components of this . 
  the shipping of lng to poland etc will also achieve these goals , and it naturally has a side affect of buoying the us companies involved ( indeed the canadian/mexican ones too ) . 
   mentions how it will benefit the us and also clearly acknowledges it as a foreign policy issue . 
  no it does not . 
  it mentions how it affects the energy security of eastern european countries . 
  what benefits the us is another separate issue which is the selling of lng to eastern european countries like poland . 
  unless the germans are against diversifying the eu energy market so its not all dependent on russia , that is a mutually good thing . 
   the us would go nuclear if we tried this the other way around , well we all know that wont happen , because there is more support for russia in western europe then there is in the us ( excluding their president of course ) . 
   dublin agreement so if it leaves schengen , it leaves the dublin agreement only ? 
  that 's not too bad , i guess they saw the threat the other way around , if you leave dublin you will leave schengen !!!, 
  although leaving schengen is quite a nightmare for such a central country . 
  trump may use that as an excuse to block it now . 
  probably mention how his great friend macron said its not good to sanction the russians . 
  but then you did that in 2014 immigration referendum right ? 
  please correct me if i am wrong , but im sure it still has not gone through as it was meant too ?
