  no it 's not . 
  they are categorically muslims . 
  it 's not really even a debating point , gulen 's islamic theology has a long history that is based on the hanafi madhab . 
  the debate and cultish aspects is not because of any religious deviation ( from islam ) but from their political aspects and secrecy of their political ambitions . 
  is this in cyprus ? 
  not in a literal sense , sorry if it was worded badly . 
  but there are a lot of mosques , and they are more than able to cater to the muslim population ( i.e. 
  not that much overcrowding etc ) . 
  which i dont believe is the case in berlin . 
  i think the mosque part will be used a lot . 
  more muslims than mosques in berlin , unlike london etc. 
  they would be defined as federalist to varying degrees , yes . 
  which typifies the fear of a lot of people in the uk have , that regardless , all of them are heading in that one direction . 
  not that i agree with it , i 'm a big europhile , having done erasmus , worked in europe , a proud member of the `` erasmus generation '' . 
  nevertheless i understand where they are coming from . 
  if juncker goes through , it will be make the path for the uk to go out the door much easier . 
  that is something i do not want , so i will oppose juncker even if it means the eu will be less democratic than hoped for in this election cycle ( not that my opposition means much ) . 
  cameron cocked up the opposition though , a more diplomatic pm would have been able to get it done . 
  blair for example , even if i am loathe to say it . 
   but that 's the problem , you see : juncker is not a federalist . 
  he 's pro-eu , but also pro-status quo , he 's happy with the eu council calling the shots where it really matters and i even remember him going as far as saying right after the elections that the council would have the last word on his candidacy ( this might have changed after the whole cameron fiasco , though ) , in clear contrast with schulz who was in open defiance of the council ... and guess what , schulz is n't a federalist either !, 
  neither of these guys have wet dreams about the united states of europe , they want things to remain more or less the same , more power to the eu parliament , sure , but backed by the member states . 
  it 's a matter of perspective then . 
  the definition of a federalist is broader in the uk . 
  deeper integration is seen as the pathway to a federal europe . 
  those who support deeper integration are seen as pushing closer to a federal europe , or as near as . 
  you may not come out openly about a use but by that definition you would be a federalist , and as the article said , all commissioners before juncker would be described as federalists as well ( to varying degrees ) . 
  the semantics of the term `` united states of europe '' is also misleading . 
  schulz has come out both in [ support ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/world.php?yyyy=2013&amp;mm=01&amp;dd=25&amp;nav_id=84337 ) and in [ opposition ] ( http://euobserver.com/eu-elections/123323 ) of a use . 
  it 's purposefully misleading and only meant to cloud the issue . 
  it 's about whether or not you want to create a structure that is more powerful than national countries and can dictate to them , in that case , whether or not its a use , or indeed a federal country , you would be described as a federalist . 
  the article makes clear however , that he is not the most federal in the list , so he might not as federal as verhofstadt but doesnt mean he isnt at all . 
  i hope that was clear . 
  there really is no point in nitpicking on semantics though , it rarely leads to any constructive discussion . 
   and my point is that in an article where `` federalist '' is a bad word to be applied to everything not british , making `` europe fanatic '' try to sound threatening and ominous is something i kind of expected any sensible brit to laugh at . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  i dont seem to have noticed a threatening or ominous tone in the article . 
  it showed at points camerons hypocrisy , and highlighted junckers efforts to reach out and it discussed what the different sides have been saying . 
   i 'm starting to believe brits are beginning to use the word ` federalist ' in the same way americans use ` socialist ' . 
   what ? 
  it 's used eight times in the article . 
  federalist is used in the context of someone who wants a more federal europe , which is junckers aim . 
  a quick look at his priorities and manifesto on his website would make that clear . 
  i dont see how the article has strayed from that view . 
   it almost makes juncker look like some sort of federalist , nation-destroying villain mastermind who loves to make deals in shaddy , dark places more than what he actually is : not sure about the villain mastermind part . 
  but he is defintely a federalist , intent on eroding national sovreignty in favour of the eu ( especially in regards to the eurozone countries ) as for dark places , well , he says it [ best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi9qg3ybiwg ) . 
   but i can see how some ukip voters would get nervous at reading someone being defined as `` europe fanatic '' , i guess . 
  you are making a mistake here . 
  ukip voters are not nervous , they are ecstatic . 
  it 's those who want the uk inside the eu that are nervous ( and are the guardian target audience ) . 
  ukip want any prospect of renegotiation to fail so in any future referendum their position ( leaving ) is stronger . 
  juncker makes this more likely while at the same time they can emphasise how little clout the uk has , how its not for us , how the other europeans all want to federalise so lets leave them etc etc, 
  but when abbreviating in its english form , the d stands for democrat as social democrat is two words in english and only one in german . 
   sdp thanks for the correction . 
  i mentally abbreviated it and mistakenly did it in english . 
  it 's mainly because , like obama recently , david cameron 's visit to the dalai lama last year still irks them . 
  the last major european leaders to do it were sarkozy , merkel and brown around 08 ( olympics time ) . 
  back then they went ballistic at all of them but focused it on the french . 
  [ link ] ( http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1863013,00.html ) . 
  they use to enjoy doing the same to the french . 
  now its the uk 's turn to face the brunt of it as it really the only one annoying them in europe . 
  schulz is trying to get a grand commision post . 
  but it depends on how far merkel is willing to allow their german representative to be schulz , and spd man . 
  especially because the spd didnt win in the eu elections they shouldnt get a position for one of their guys . 
  but in supporting juncker against cameron et al , he probably got assurances/promises by juncker of a sweet post . 
  he 's been rumbling about deputy leader , but who knows . 
  it 's likely to go either way . 
  [ easyjet ] ( http://www.easyjet.com/en/ ) flies out of copenhagen . 
  it 's a cheap carrier like ryanair . 
  from copenhagen airport it flies to milan , rome , manchester , berlin , london , edinburgh , geneva , basel and paris . 
  any of those cities is worth visiting . 
  yes , but it is not a commonwealth realm , which i was discussing . 
  i dont know , i 'm pretty sure it is the centre of the earth . 
  time starts here ya know ? 
  i dont believe it stems from some empire nostalgia , most kippers i have spoken to see those trade pacts as an `` eu with people who speak english and look like you '' not from sort of imperial ambition . 
  i think its silly , there is a reason we abandoned the commonwealth realms for the eu in the 70 's . 
  canada , aus and nz combined still have a smaller population than the uk . 
  the economic impact from their consumers is hardly going to cause a huge upturn in the uk fortunes . 
  america is vital to canada , asia is vital to aus and nz . 
  we can not replace those markets for them and neither can they even begin to replace europe . 
  silliness all round . 
  it 's an opinion piece . 
  not much to argue with there as i tend to agree with his main points . 
  * the ecc was created to bind germany and france together * the euro as an extension was also to closer bind germany and france * the euro was a condition for french support of german reunification * the euro was managed at the time by the commission president , delors , who is french . 
  * germany had a bad 90 's and followed that by reforms like agenda 2010 and hartz concept * france hasnt had such reforms and is doing badly now ( relative to germany ) when before it was not there is nothing i find wrong or disagree with . 
  the rest of the article is his opinions . 
  he identifies these reforms as key to germans recovery from the 90 's . 
  he believes the french government as incapable of delivering these reforms and so will continue to decline relative to germany and this is bad for the eu hence the hyperbolic title `` a new french revolution is about to rip apart the eu '' . 
  you mentioned india before as well , they are not part of the commonly understood definition of anglosphere . 
  this tends to be countries in which the most spoken language is english which doesnt include india . 
  people usually speak about becoming closer to the '' [ commonwealth realms ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_realm ) '' which is india is also not part off . 
  someone of course could add india in any vaguely defined trade bloc but it 's not something i have heard before . 
  having said that though , there are many commonalities with india including parliamentary democracy , english-usage , history , ethnic ties ( 5 % of the uk is from subcontinent ) and a strong diplomatic relationship . 
  if the indian economy continues to grow and eventually fulfills its potential , the uk is in a great position to benefit from it . 
  yes , but that is not the same as them believing they can dictate to those other countries . 
  or somehow believing you are an empire . 
  it seems that the uk wanting to have closer relationship with commonwealth countries equates in your mind to the uk having empire nostalgia or wanting to bring it back . 
  which is untrue . 
  if ( hypothetically ) denmark wants to sign a fta with norway , is that denmark getting its empire nostalgia again ? 
  the commonwealth realms are independent sovereign nations , like norway , and the assumption that they arent and the uk is just frothing at the mouth to get them all under its sovereignty is frankly absurd .
