  it 's amusing . 
  i think so in some ways it does ( like the [ recent ofsted remarks ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/society/2013/nov/14/birmingham-childrens-services-inadequate-ofsted ) ) , but splitting it up is not the way to go at this moment in time . 
  we need a central authority that can continue pushing through the [ redevelopment plans ] ( http://bigcityplan.birmingham.gov.uk/ ) . 
  the redevelopment and regeneration will take place up until 2031 , through four separate plans . 
  a smaller council wont be able to match the cities ambition in this regard . 
  a larger council has the clout to stand up for the cities interests , compared to much smaller fragmented councils . 
  so for now , i 'm quite happy that it is large as its more beneficial for the city in the long run . 
  north of the thames ? 
  would n't you be missing most of your underground system ? 
  enjoy the overground then . 
   greater manchester has something like ten separate councils , whereas birmingham has just the one ( the largest local authority in europe ) , it 's not a good system . 
  apples and oranges mate . 
  greater manchester and birmingham are not comparable . 
  one is a county the other is a city . 
  the county that birmingham is in , the west midlands county ( birmingham , wolverhampton , coventry , solihull ) is of a similar size to the greater manchester county ( manchester , salford , wigan , bolton etc ) . 
  the west midlands county has 7 local authorities . 
  manchester and birmingham , the cities , both have one council . 
  the birmingham one is much larger mainly because as a city , it is about double the size of manchester . 
  manchester has a much larger media and tourist footprint and with it comes a lot of brand appeal that it tends to use to stake its claim . 
  but if we are looking at two main defining features , size and economic weight , birmingham wins out every time . 
  imo as long as its smaller in size and in its economy to another city , it ca n't really be considered the second city , as there would be another city that is playing a more important role for the country . 
  that is unlikely to change anytime soon in any case as birmingham is the youngest city in europe ( 40 % under 25 ) and its economic growth prospects look incredibly good going forward . 
  having said that though , manchester is an amazing city nonetheless . 
  there is a tendency to define england as north and south , as the north is the more economically undeveloped area , it needs a lot more support . 
  manchester is heart of the north so past governments tended to focus on it in their efforts to help the wider northern regions develop faster . 
  the midlands is kinda caught in the middle of that , its not as rich as the south anymore but its not as poor as the north , so it doesnt tend to get that much focus . 
  so when institutions like the bbc move north ( to salford btw not manchester , but within greater manchester ) , its a statement that they are trying to reach to that more economically and culturally ignored area . 
  which tbh i fully support , we need a wider diversification in this country . 
  everything can not be centered around london . 
  birmingham . 
  i 'm from there so take this with much bias . 
  we are the largest city by population and economy and the central city within the largest populated county ( outside of london ofc ) . 
  manchester likes to occasionally claim it because they have a famous football team and some famous bands but yea , they could stuff themselves . 
   how is your country 's second city perceived in popular culture ? 
  at times , ignored . 
  we dont really tout our own horn as much as we shuld . 
  there is a north/south divide that we uncomfortably sit inbetween . 
  it does have some claims to popular culture , we invented heavy metal and bhangra ( or claim too ;d ) . 
  in terms of bands we dont have the boasts that other cities do , but we do have our fair share in elo , judas priest , black sabbath , duran duran , napalm death etc. 
   what is the socioeconomic role it plays in the affairs of the state ? 
  much larger in the past , in the 60 's the government took steps to limit the growth of the city . 
  it was too [ threatening to the rest of the uk ] ( http://spatial-economics.blogspot.co.uk/2013/05/booming-birmingham-and-need-for.html ) . 
  we are now slowly starting to reverse that and coming [ out the other end ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_city_plan ) . 
  the economy is currently a similar size to copenhagen 's . 
   how influential is it in national politics ? 
  it has the largest local council in the uk and a decent amount of mp 's . 
  we tend to vote mainly for labour . 
  our most famous politicians are not the er ... most positive . 
  neville chamberlain ( peace for our time dude ) and enoch powell . 
   what state institutions are based in the second city ? 
  everything is in london as far as i know . 
  we are the hq of some small government organisations ( e.g. 
  ofwat ) but nothing major . 
   what role did it play in your country 's history ? 
  played one of the most defining roles in the industrial revolution . 
   has it always been the second city ? 
  there is no official classification but glasgow was definitely one before us . 
  it was the second city for a large part of the 19 century . 
   maybe the island should accept the empire is gone , we are now all equal as europeans under the eu , get off the high horse and come to talk about the real concerns that britain has with the eu and its policies instead of tooting populist bull shit . 
  moving aside from the silly empire stuff , the whole point * is * to address populist bullshit . 
  it 's not fact and figures that has got the uk government into this mess , its populist bullshit . 
  if `` welfare shopping '' is not a big of a problem , then what harm will it do to make laws governing it ? 
  none . 
  but it will allay concerns of those who have the misjudged view that it is a problem . 
  this helps the uk win the argument for staying in the eu . 
  i 'm surprised this is not clearly evident . 
  an error rate above 2 % is considered significant by the auditors . 
  however its important to bear this mind : `` as in any other public or private administration , it would be unrealistic in practice to assume that no errors occur . 
  materiality is a concept that acknowledges that underlying transactions can rarely be absolutely free from all errors , and that a degree of tolerance in their accuracy is therefore acceptable . 
  this concept is also recognised in the international auditing standards . '', 
  [ the level of 2 % is the threshold given by the auditors . 
  ] ( http://eca.europa.eu/portal/pls/portal/docs/1/17592743.pdf ) so there is significant worry here if its increasing to 4.8 % . 
  another fact to bear in mind is the [ majority of the eu budget is handled by the member states themselves ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-13-1028_en.htm ) ( 80 % ) not the eu which only handles a smaller amount ( 20 % ) . 
  the fault lies more in member states themselves than the central eu bureaucracy . 
  the auditors report any case they believe is fraudulent to the authorities but the majority of the problem they say comes from a misunderstanding and misapplication of the [ complex eu rules on expenditure . 
  ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:c:2012:344:0001:01:en:html ) in short , the rules are so complicated member states ( and the eu ! ), 
  fuck up a little . 
  this is why the dutch finance minister , dijsselbloem , wants the error rate on a state by state basis , as the states control most of the funds and they are the ones causing the major errors . 
  nevertheless regardless of who 's fault it is , this is a problem that needs to be addressed . 
  the error rate needs to stop increasing and go down to a manageable level of 2 % , the member states have to take a more proactive step in achieving this target alongside the central eu bureaucracy . 
  there has been a positive downward trend in recent years but this increase is worrying . 
  ( uk ) the cheapest by far is megabus . 
  it goes to other cities in europe , mainly concentrated in holland and belgium , but with other destinations ( paris , lille , cologne ) . 
  the other main one is national express . 
  it is part of the [ eurolines ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurolines ) network ( network of cooperating coach companies ) so its is connected to all the members of the network across europe . 
  it 's more expensive than megabus though , however the euroline network of coach companies covers most of europe . 
  it 's not usually pints of beer . 
  it 's stronger drinks naturally but people also try to one up each other by doing extreme nominations . 
  so once they drink the alcohol they will do something stupid or will do something stupid whilst drinking the alcohol . 
  one of the people died by diving into a river after taking their nomination . 
  it 's called neknomination and started in australia a couple of months ago . 
  it began slowly seeping into europe recently . 
  im guessing this is the same thing or a variation of it ? 
  ( uk ) it 's pretty much a full blown craze . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  2 deaths have been reported here and 2 more in ireland . 
  the season length has a lot to do with the writers . 
  they dont use huge writing staffs like american shows and so cant churn out lots of episodes . 
  sherlock for example has only three writers ( each one episode ) . 
  dreary buildings during the winter .
