  it seems from here , that because the uk has closer relationships with industrialised nations outside of europe rather than with nations inside the `` european club '' this fuels this absurd notion that its empire nostalgic , but the truth is it just has more in common with them . 
  the uk `` still believes it has an empire '' is a stupid and lazy argument . 
  the populace nor the political establishment think that way and havent for a long time . 
  it tends to be non-brits or people who dont live in the uk who seem to want the uk to have an empire chip on its shoulder . 
  but it is useful in this sub , it gives you a clear `` this person doesnt know what they are talking about '' signal , so i usually ignore the rest of their post about the uk . 
  yes . 
  mandatory religious education classes until 14 . 
  you learn the most about christianity , since its at every key stage level . 
  but there was significant time devoted to judaism , hinduism , buddhism , sikhism and islam ( the other `` principal religions of great britain '' ) . 
  occasionally there was a class about some smaller religions and beliefs . 
  between 14-16 its becomes a more advanced/detailed subject , but still compulsory . 
  i think you can technically opt-out , but most students have to at least sit a paper for it ( worth 1/2 a gcse ) . 
  if i remember correctly you had to chose two religions with one of them being christianity and had to answer questions on it ( back in 2008 ) . 
  i agree about max . 
  i was an erasmus student in sweden and the swedes never shut up about it , but tbh it was just another average burger chain . 
  i like your kebab pizza though , fucking hell , i 've never seen those outside of sweden . 
  huge monstrosities of calories and love . 
  we have an event called [ digbeth dining club . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvfu4ppmhma ) it 's a street food event , it 's three times a week and the street food caterers come to a central place and bring some amazing food . 
  it 's really varied too , from f [ ilipino and soul food to toasties and traditional wood oven pizzas . 
  ] ( http://www.digbethdiningclub.co.uk/members.html ) from crocodile meat to ostich burgers . 
  it done outside and is free entry , it even sometimes has a dj ( yea ... i know ) . 
  it was an off hand comparison in a private conversation . 
  it was n't like he stood up in a speech and said it . 
  this article seems to be under the delusion that having van gaal be a pain in the ass on air is something bad for british football journalists . 
  it 's actually their bread and butter , it 's what they wake up for in the morning . 
  a disastrous interview ? 
  oh yes please . 
  what was his name ? 
  nice question !, 
  i 'm very interested to hear about it in other countries as well . 
  i know you 're in the uk too , but since there are no comments i thought i would contribute something to maybe help get some discussion going . 
  the stand up scene is pretty strong . 
  the local scene is filled with comedy club chains like glee and highlight as well as smaller independent comedy clubs . 
  but naturally the largest concentration of independent and chain comedy clubs is in london . 
  even large cities like birmingham and manchester do not have near the same level of concentration of clubs . 
  for most stand ups , it is london or bust . 
  a short general description of their career trajectory is once a standup has a decent set going , one they practised at a clubs ( usually in london ) , they tend to travel across the country at these comedy chains or independent clubs and perfect their material . 
  this usually leads up to the edinburgh festival which is the mecca of comedy in the uk . 
  every august , standup comics from across the uk arrive in edinburgh to showcase the new show they 've developed . 
  you tend to find established and upcoming comedians all gathered there . 
  after making a name for yourself at the edinburgh festival the next step is usually going onto radio and tv . 
  the big boys in radio and tv tend to progress past comedy clubs and travel around the country in small theatres and other large venues . 
  they are the ones that are household names and can have very large audiences . 
  examples would be peter kay . 
  the main gripe i have with the standup scene is that it is completely dominated by two management companies . 
  off the kerb and avalon . 
  between them they sign up the best talent , and with their tv production arms ( avalaon tv , open mike productions ) . 
  they end up creating shows simply to showcase their own talent on . 
  between them they produce a significant amount of stand up comedy programs or programs featuring stand up comedians in the uk . 
  stewart lee , another standup comedian described it better as '' you have a ridiculous situation where a client of the management company is interviewing another client of a management company on a programme made by the production company owned by the management company . 
  basically , advertising money and licence-payer money is being spent to increase the marketplace value of a tiny coterie of people . '', 
  so you get a situation like alan carr chatty man ( off the kerb ) will be interviewing adam hills ( off the kerb ) , jack dee ( off the kerb ) and michael mcintyre ( off the kerb ) . 
  it 's not a complete monopoly as there are many other talent agencies , but its kinda like the la liga , only two guys * really * count ( besides this season ) . 
  cheaper to go out , less excruciatingly formal dress codes for clubs and * marginally * better weather in my experience . 
  go check out freetown christiania . 
  really interesting and cool place . 
  you can buy cannabis in the opern there as well . 
  if you 're not looking to get drunk and smoke drugs i would say they come out about even in other cultural activities . 
  k.r.e.a.m kebab rules everything around me, 
  i did write a [ post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1v5603/does_any_european_depencyterritoryprovince/cep018r ) not long ago about the secessionist movements in the overseas territories that are not gibraltar . 
  it 's a bit of an overview . 
  alexander lukashenko of course . 
  ahh moravsik , while this may have been filmed in 2010 i dont think he 's changed his opinion much . 
  what 's interesting though is the `` europe/eu the superpower '' position has significantly weakened since the recession and most of his contemporaries on that have changed their opinions . 
  if anyone is inclined you can check out similar books like why europe will run the 21st century by mark leonard or the european dream by jeremy rifkin . 
  both go into detail about why they think the eu will become a superpower . 
  the question has always been can it translate its material wealth into other forms of power . 
  currently it doesnt seem to be the case , europe can hardly defend itself without uncle sam let alone anything else . 
  while the chinese juggernaut continues unabated . 
   also for the premier league to be more like the bundesliga in terms of finances and the way the german football system in general is set up . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  there is an already equitable distribution system of payments in the premiership . 
  or do you mean not the league but club ownership rules ( 50 +1 ) ? 
  i 'm sorry but what were your arguments ? 
  that the presence of one group of people in a early stage of human development means a whole continent is at that same stage ? 
  there really isnt much to discuss there besides saying lets agree to disagree . 
  i got bored of it because i know how these reddit discussions go in circles , but in the case you were still interested , i politely invited you to look into works by respected historians on africa and gave you their names ( i didnt give you a book ) . 
  my views are based on theirs . 
  the chinese , like us , have had this summit since 2000 , the indians since 2008 , the us has followed along and will host its first one this summer . 
  everybody understands the economic rise of china/india is further helping cause [ large amounts of economic growth in africa ] ( http://www.brookings.edu/blogs/africa-in-focus/posts/2014/02/03-africa-rising-economic-growth-sy ) , millions upon millions are being added to the middle class every year . 
  however we may end up in a situation with a large african market in which preference is given to chinese and indian goods and products rather than european . 
  even though we are next door . 
  and every day india and china forge closer ties to our neighbouring continent . 
  they are building markets there and making friends , while we sit on the sidelines and twiddle our thumbs . 
  this is not a good sign of our current relationship , and i hope that in 30 years , somewhere in a dusty brussels corridor someone doesnt ask `` when did we lose africa ? 
  dont bother yourself mate , he 's a troll and a poster at / r/whiterights . 
  yep it did have hunter gatherers , it also had countless pastorialists . 
  there was ( and still is ) lots of space for them to live alongside the settled populations which they did - especially in the case of the pastorialists . 
  however the fact that these groups existed alongside empires and kingdoms does not mean the whole continent was primitive . 
  technology as well as more ideological zeal and commercial potential all contributed to create the scramble . 
  it really needed all of them to succeed . 
  the whole africa was primitive stuff is really just a myth , its easy to say there had some hunter gatherers so they were all primitive and we went there to civilise them . 
  this has been the enduring story that we have told ourselves to justify our colonialists actions in africa . 
  but this has been disproven so many times its almost ridiculous . 
  i 'm going to end this here but i would advise you if you have the time ( or inclination to learn more ) to go read books by historians like [ basil davidson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1i2db2mixhk ) and david cohen . 
  there are a lot of surprising things to learn , like medieval castles built by africans are still [ standing all around the continent ] ( https://johninsomaliland.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/181.jpg ) and countless other tidbits that may make you reconsider the `` primitve '' africa theory . 
  africa political elite themselves are against redrawing borders . 
  that 's a bigger stumbling bloc then the un . 
  almost every country has its own ghosts in the closet it doesnt want to bring out .
