  in brum where i grew up , a big chunk of the mirpuri pakistanis would vote lib dem . 
  why ? 
  because mirpur is in azad kashmir . 
  and the local lib dems are the most vocal in supporting an [ independent kashmir ] ( http://www.libdems.org.uk/ldfkashmir# ) . 
  they were able to form a coalition with the conservatives a few years ago in local government and take power from labour for a while with this help . 
  however , this shifted because there are more mirpuri pakistanis that actually now want kashmir to be part of pakistan or are ambivalent . 
  so it swung back to labour who campaigned hard ( read : to the old men ) to get these votes back , in recent years . 
  you get it with mp 's as well . 
  my old mp was a decent lady named clare short . 
  she stood down and was replaced by shabana mahmood . 
  who got the job mainly because her dad is mahmood ahmed , chairman of the birmingham labour party and a biraderi big wig . 
  his son is a now a local councillor too i heard . 
  there is such a huge amount of apathy for local politics that most of the shenanigans go on without anyone knowing or giving the slightest of fucks . 
  some of these local party selections have less than a dozen members turn up to vote . 
  with stupid things like [ this ] ( http://www.birminghampost.co.uk/news/news-opinion/neil-elkes-labour-face-little-5068444 ) happening . 
  galloway was able to break the biraderi system in bradford by understanding that by speaking to the third generation who are less inclined to listen to their grandparents , it is possible . 
  only decent thing he 's done in a while . 
  tower hamlets was not the only rotten borough , local councils up and down this country are dodgy as fuck in my experience anyway . 
  and not only the `` ethnic '' ones , if you can even call birmingham council that ( the large majority are white councillors ) . 
  some of the corrupt expense stories ive heard are frankly ridiculous ( new driveways , home improvements etc ) . 
  yep , they 're restructuring to get out of the direct publishing business and focus on their education side . 
  on the other side , did n't you guys essentially have a military deep state before erdogan ? 
  were they purging those guys ? 
  nah , it 's near tower bridge . 
  definitely bengali . 
  we eventually agreed did n't we ? 
  even if it saddled you with the euro and a limited military . 
  one example of global clout is the imf . 
  since the breton woods institutions were setup , the gentleman agreement was that the imf had to have a european head while the world bank had an american . 
  the imf is run by chairs ( executive board members ) . 
  until 2011 there were 5 stand alone appointments ones , 3 were european . 
  they added 3 more but its a slight adjustment rather than full reform . 
  the west still has overwhelming control , with europe being the majority chunk of that . 
  the power of the imf is quite evident today as being the major creditor for countries that are undergoing financial instability . 
  it basically became a safety net for bankrupt countries . 
  by giving money to countries we are then able to dictate the reforms they can accomplish and the threat of withholding the funding can be used to coerce as well . 
  privatization , preferential contracts , opening markets you are competitive in , etc all of these policies which can be used to coerce countries to do what you want . 
  it 's never as bluntly done as that , this is were diplomats come in . 
  but you can tie imf/world bank money to any arbitrary policy you want them to do . 
  whether its getting that poor african country to open its nationalised tin mines to ( your ) competition , or get that asian country to have elections . 
  these countries will most likely agree as they desperately need the money , in some cases to simply continue existing . 
  now this power is currently diffused between all european members , its not collective . 
  uk , france , germany can do the above but in small amounts compared to the extent that the us can do it . 
  having a use would mean centralising this power and having coordinated use of it . 
  rather than one european country focused on a policy in west africa while the rest are neutral , it can use the collective centralisation by getting everyone involved in that policy and being able to push it through more successfully . 
  however , the current fuckups we made in the imf in the greek crisis is not helping us . 
  reform of it ( so it looks a little like the real world and not 1945 ) is stalled in the us and this was compounded by a incredibly eurocentric french leader ( strauss-kahn ) . 
  looking out only for his regions banks rather than the institution itself , he subordinated global interest for the interests of europe ( with one eye on the french presidency ) by essentially bailing out the banks with global money . 
  it hasnt been forgotten , and with the likelihood the continued stalled reforms would create , we may see a backlash against our present preferential positions . 
  about kahn and the bank bailouts during the executive director meetings :  brazil said the imf loans :  `` may be seen not as a rescue of greece , which will have to undergo a wrenching adjustment , but as a bailout of greece 's private debt holders , mainly european financial institutions '' . 
   iran said it would have expected a debt restructure to be discussed , as did egypt , which said the imf 's growth projections were `` optimistic '' , a word repeated by china . 
   india warned that the scale of cuts would start a spiral of falling unemployment which would reduce government revenue , causing the debt to increase , and making a future debt restructuring inevitable . 
   switzerland was the one richer country which spoke out against the imf and eu plans , saying :  `` why has debt restructuring and the involvement of the private sector in the rescue package not been considered so far ? ''  it seems incredible that despite such arguments made by its board members , the imf went ahead with bailouts which allowed german , french and british banks to escape from their reckless lending / this was from leaked [ imf documents by the wsj in 2013 . 
  ] ( http://jubileedebt.org.uk/blog/leaked-imf-documents-show-global-opposition-lenders-bank-bailout ), 
   maybe muslims are using it as a `` get out of fasting '' card because this ramadan is one the most difficult as it happens when the sun is in the sky for the longest time that is in the northern hemisphere . 
  not in many muslim regions . 
  it changes about + / - 1hr . 
  not like in the west when it sets at 4pm in winter and 10pm in summer . 
   although i expect in the caseof london , where not only austria but also the netherlands and germany is retrieving gold from london , is to move the european banking center from london to frankfurt in the case of a brexit . 
  er ... its completely unrelated . 
  their moving it back to vienna and zurich not frankfurt because keeping the ** majority ** of your gold reserves in one foreign country in the 21st century makes little sense . 
  and causes more problems with retrieval even if its a trusted institution , see germany - us case . 
  the gold market in london is the largest in the world by a considerable margin [ ( 86 % of gold trading activity ) ] ( http://therealasset.co.uk/london-gold-market-opaque/ ) . 
  a brexit will have little impact on this market as its reliant on american and asian ( i.e. 
  international ) trade mainly , and not european ( who will still use it considerably ) . 
  any loss from here wont be frankfurts gain but new york as it really is only one with the range of capacities to take over , other big participants are zurich and tokyo . 
  frankfurt is not even involved in this discussion as they are the not a financial centre that has the capacity to compete in this market . 
  in any case as this market is overseen by the boe , a lot of countries would store a significant amounts of gold with the boe due to this . 
  as its a trusted institution overseeing the largest gold market in the world , the advantages of keeping some of your deposits there are high . 
  which is why it will hold 30 % of austria gold even after austria repatriates ( austria will hold 50 % , zurich 20 % ), 
  you have to hand it to the americans for showing considerable restraint . 
  they had to listen to hypercritical barrages constantly from germany when they could have secretly leaked any of this . 
  even after germany kicked out the cia chief of station the americans still held their tongue . 
  there probably was one or two , `` lets fuck them over '' moments before saner heads prevailed , it probably does n't do to show up an ally as a hypocrite publicly and reveal even more about your capabilities . 
  this also brings about a new dimension to the talks earlier when germany wanted a `` no-spy '' deal and the americans refused . 
  they probably laughed them out of the room . 
  there are aspects people include or exclude from military budgets . 
  examples like civic defence , military aid , economic aid , r&d which all can be separated from a military budget but usually are included in an overall `` defence '' budget . 
  but having looked at the [ sipri ] ( http://www.sipri.org/research/armaments/milex/milex_database ) figures , they have a footnote [ 6 ] the figures for france from 2006 are calculated with a new methodology due to a change in the french budgetary system and financial law . 
  that probably explains the discrepancies . 
  maybe someone knows what the changes are . 
  they threaten this every two or three years . 
  just search `` hsbc move/threaten/leave / relocate '' and refine by year . 
  it 's all a lot of hot air . 
  the only credible alternative for them is hong kong , but it wont go back for the same reason it left in the early 90 's . 
  the ccp controls china and hong kong . 
  for all they may moan about regulation ( essentially trying to water it down ) , it doesnt change the fact that being at the whim of the ccp is a worse position to be in for a global bank then at the whim of the eu/uk regulation . 
  one more democracy protest outside their doorstep and the problems begin again . 
  especially considering its not in the interest of the ccp for hsbc to succeed , but rather to fail so its own big 4 banks can eat the scraps . 
  standard chartered have the same issue , but since they 've always been in london , even during colonial times , its less of an problem and they are more focused on watering down the regulations adversely affecting them . 
  jardine matheson is another one that left hong kong at the same time . 
  they incorporated in bermuda ( british overseas territory ) and continue doing all their asian business as normal . 
  hsbc could follow that model however that example is harder for hsbc to follow as they arent just a conglomerate , they 're a huge financial and trading institution that needs the resources financial centres have . 
  the most important thing to remember though is , the cosy relationship they have with the uk government . 
  their former chairman was a fomer minister , the chair of the bbc was on their board ( still is i think ) . 
  as is the former head of mi5 and a couple of political party donors . 
  it part explains why they have been dealt with more leniently in the uk . 
  naturally . 
  which is why we should exclude from arbitrary lists when we 're not winning . 
  hahaha,
