the vast majority of brits dont even know what that is . 
  including university students . 
   what 's up with that huge jump between 2004 and 2007 ? 
  the arrival of erdogan , and the slow and final realisation that eu ascension is a dream . 
  the general opposition by governments to turkish membership ( france , austria etc ) . 
  other issues include the visa policy , e.g. 
  it 's easier for an azerbaijani businessman to get a visa to the eu than a turkish one even though there is a customs union between turkey and the eu . 
  there is also a growing realisation that the eu is not their only avenue for more growth and modernisation and that asia can fulfill that role too , which is eroding the traditional economic argument for the eu . 
  they 're both turkic peoples . 
  cousins basically . 
  it 's basically [ grimsby ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_of_grimsby ) . 
  dont know why they decided to use the less known of the two names . 
  dover is the largest ( or one of ) * passenger * port in the world . 
  cyprus . 
   it is my understanding that japanese are n't the biggest fans of russia in the first place . 
  although it 's always nice to see a nation so far away support the cause of a european nation . 
  well ... they still havent signed a peace treaty from ww2 . 
  so technically they are still in a state of war with russia . 
  biggest * eurozone bank ( by market cap not assets ) . 
  7 other european ones are larger than it by assets though . 
  biggest european one in both categories is hsbc . 
   our manufacturers actually contribute more to the treasury than our financial services . 
  i agree with a lot of your point but that has a lot more to do with those financial fuckers not paying their taxes . 
  i 'm guessing your didnt get past the title and read what he said or you would have noticed he is simply making a matter of fact statement and not blaming others . 
  i actually agree with him . 
  * the biggest three countries in the world are not muslim countries . 
  china , india -- only the u.s. believes in a single god . 
  spirituality and religious feelings are weakening * that is more like a statement of fact . 
  * `` there are 2.5 billion christians in the world , '' bayraktar said . 
  `` christianity is no longer a religion . 
  it 's a culture now . 
  but that is not what a religion is like . 
  a religion teaches ; it is a form of life that gives one peace and happiness . 
  that is what they want to turn [ islam ] into as well . 
  '' * by culture he is alluding to the slow drift from religious christianity to nominal christianity , a shift that is plain to see across the whole of europe , from going to church every sunday to only going on christmas eve , if ever . 
  this is something that most people would like to see happen in muslim countries , especially in irreligious countries , which is all this minister seems to be saying , and he is right . 
  nevertheless , true . 
   bonus : nobody imports from the uk -- not even the commonwealth ( which is funny given the name  , this is largely a result of joining the eu . 
  we stopped giving them preferential treatment and they did so in turn . 
  yea , partial . 
  very common . 
  the mixed race population is the fastest growing group/subset ( wtv ) of the uk population . 
  1 in 10 children are part of a mixed race family . 
  in fact it is becoming so common , the black caribbean population is now in decline across the country . 
  half of men , and 1/3 of british caribbeans women are in mixed race relationships . 
  they no longer form the majority of the black population ( black africans have overtaken them ) . 
  for others its a similar case , one in five black african men , one in 10 indian men and women and two out of five chinese women . 
  over the past 14 years the number of children of caribbean heritage with one white parent has risen from 39 % to 49 % . 
  among the indian population it has increased from 3 % to 11 % , for pakistanis from 1 % to 4 % , and for chinese from 15 % to 35 % . 
  so yes , its common and growing . 
  pregnant page 3 ? 
  well for one loss of credibility and potential loss of future earnings for its defence industry . 
  european defence companies compete strongly against each other , the others will definitely point this out when they are next all bidding to help supply turkmenistan or wtv . 
  * `` hey , you saw how the french backed out after a little pressure , come buy from us , we will get it done quickly and quietly . 
  they did not . 
  they sold them years before . 
  and when we went to war , they helped us extensively , by not only not selling anything more to the argentinians but also neighboring countries like peru that were being used as fronts to buy for the argentinians . 
  they also helped us outbid or disable potential exocet missiles on the market and gave us other technical aspects like the missile codes . 
  the most they ever did in helping the argentinians was a small technical team was in argentina that was agreed beforehand would help them solve technical issues with the exocet . 
  this small team had informants for the dgse though , and their intelligence would have got back to the uk . 
  so yea , thanks france . 
  to be fair to us though , we did practically end it in europe single-handedly through force , diplomacy and the royal navy . 
  thank god it wasnt lansley . 
  it seems like he 's scared of a by-election . 
  besides hill being unknown he has experience within the eu , and was heavily involved in the signing of maastricht as well as being capable of forming a consensus as leader of the lords where the tories do not have a majority . 
  i think a comment i saw on a relevant ft article sums it up . 
  * `` the commissioner 's role is very demanding and technocratic in nature . 
  it is also meant to be politically neutral . 
  so who better to send than a political non-entity ( in the nicest sense ) and an experienced technocrat who knows and understands the intricate workings of europe and has pretty good form as an influencer ? 
  * * if cameron had sent someone very political , very abrasive and obviously euro-sceptic , he 'd have been sending a message that the uk was : a ) up for a fight and b ) would be insulted if its ` heavyweight ' did n't get a big portfolio . 
  ( it would also have been doomed to failure . 
  ) * * whereas , this sends a more subtle message ; it 's cameron 's way of diffusing tension with junker by saying : `` this is not ` my man ' - he does n't have a political agenda - he 's coming to work with you - and if you do n't give him a big portfolio so be it , no offence taken . 
  it hasnt been said yet , but thanks for taking the time to do this . 
  i found it mildly interesting . 
  ya cunt . 
  do you see that gap until 1652 . 
  thats the 17th century dutch arrival i spoke about . 
  unless you are claiming to be descended from a portuguese expedition that was only interested in finding a sea route to asia , which came and left and did not have any significant settlements , rather than the mass dutch migration that you actually are descended from . 
   just remember that afrikaners have been in south africa longer then europeans have been in america , err , no . 
  columbus arrived in the americas which swiftly was followed by others in the 15th century . 
  the dutch began arriving in south africa in the 17th century . 
  the first self identification by a settler as an afrikaner was in the 18th century . 
  i think immigrants and their descendants should integrate and adapt to the local culture rather than creating their own states . 
  dont know what you mean , its found in the [ uk ] ( http://warehouses.costco.co.uk/locations/ ) . 
  they 're controversy stems from their political aspects and ambitions , not any religious aspects . 
  you seemed to be implying it was religious when it is not . 
  these guys are a turkish sunni political group that has political aspirations in turkey but their religious doctrine is comfortably within sunni islam . 
  the gulen movement is not very `` liberal '' either . 
  they are [ islamic conservatives ] ( http://www.grinell.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/conservatism-democracy-and-a-decolonial-option.pdf ) and always have been . 
  the mistake seems to be from their [ inter-faith dialogue ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interfaith_dialogue ) initiative and their support of democracy which does not make them liberal , its simply another strand of their islamic conservatism . 
  the same way the tea party are not liberal even if they support democracy . 
  i wouldnt be so sure that non-turks would not pray there . 
  majority of them would not care who runs the mosque . 
  this is the same in the uk , in which a lot of mosques are run by pakistanis who are associated to movements like the [ deobandi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deobandi ) and [ barelvi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barelvi ) movements but non-pakistanis still go to them in large numbers because its not really a concern of your average worshiper . 
  i replied to your post above . 
  but i am still confused . 
  i am happy to discuss islamic theology because i am interested as to why you seem to believe the gulen movement is not sunni ? 
  they do not deny the hadiths and the madhab the gulen movement follows is the hanafi one . 
  i do not see why you state they are not sunnis ? 
   turkish g\u00fclen cult and whether those guys are even muslims is up to debate .
