  yea , but it would be silly to try and compare with them . 
  much smaller population and economy . 
  i would go so far as to not even include spain but a stronger argument can be made for them . 
  if it does happen , there will be some sort of agreement . 
  unlike scotland and wales , gibraltar is not a part of the uk . 
  so while it can be dragged out , it has more room to maneuver . 
  in fact , this is already being played out in the caribbean , where you have a british overseas territory ( montserrat ) agreeing to join a single market , the csme ( caricom single market ) . 
  the process is long but it basically comes down to the uk government giving something called an `` entrustment '' to the territory so that it has permission to conclude an international deal . 
  so yes , the uk can leave the eu and gibraltar can continue by negotiating to continue its current arrangements with the eu . 
  in the same way bermuda ( british overseas territory ) is not part of the eu but still an overseas territory , the reverse is also possible . 
  jesus , that unemployment stat . 
   hence why i said if they were captured . 
  yep , was just re-iterating the previous point . 
  that it is a very unlikely scenario which is currently beyond the current and near-future capabilities of the argentinians . 
  which is the only timeframe we have to consider . 
  i 'm guessing if all else fails , we brush off our old gunboats and sail up the rio de la plata . 
  just like [ old times ] ( http://d18lkz4dllo6v2.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/entry/9954/lion.jpg?w=300 ) . 
  the plan is not to retake the islands . 
  it is not leave them so defenceless like last time that they need to be retaken ( they can not land on the island without any resistance today , like in 81 ) . 
  queen elizabeth is commissioned in two years , and operational with 4 or 5 , so thats the timeframe before we get our new carriers . 
  the thinking goes that with destroyers and cruise missiles strikes we have on the islands , their airforce would be neutralised , meaning the need to have a carrier carrying planes ( which would have done the job ) is reduced . 
  so any conventional task force minus a carrier would still be able to get the job done as it would be protected from the argentinian airforce once it reaches the islands . 
  you do know the uk is more stronger militarily now then it was in 1981 ? 
  and that the difference between the two is even greater now than it was in 1981 ? 
  ahh yes , of course you dont . 
  argentina still has planes from 1960 's and 70 's as its main airforce . 
  the russians just leased them their old 1980 jets . 
  12 of them . 
  those can not stand up to the typhoons stationed at mount pleasant . 
  this is not even mentioning the fact that they cant physically get to the islands because of the type 45 destroyers we send there . 
  each one has the capability of 5 of our previous type 42 destroyers we used to win the previous war . 
  the argentine navy is as bad as its airforce , it has two diesel powered submarines and its main force is 4 light frigates ( that they call destroyers ) . 
  4 light frigates against our submarines ? 
  that is honestly a joke . 
  and all of their light frigates are a couple of decades old . 
  one type 45 could destroy its whole ` destroyer ' force and render its navy moot let alone an astute or trafalgar class . 
  and then you get to main sticking point that is our nuclear powered submarines that patrol around the island looking for argentine ships to sink . 
  our astute submarines that we send there are one of the most high-tech attack submarines in the world and entered service a couple of years ago , roughly equivalent to the us virgina class . 
  argentina has two 1970 relics of submarines . 
  the astutes can creep up on them without them even realising . 
  i 'll leave it there before we start getting into the updated missiles that we stacked the islands and our equipment with . 
  if argentina had the capability to even remotely have a military advantage , they would play it up to death . 
  but now , they have a island-like aircraft carrier on their shores and its frankly their fault . 
  there is no real urgency for a expeditionary fleet or naval task force to reach the islands in the event of a crisis . 
  it can do it all on its own while they take their time . 
  completely unrelated but your submitted threads list is hilarious . 
  ahh the economist . 
  it 's a reaction to its atlanticist tendencies to say the uk is becoming irrelevant as its sole focus is no longer exclusively furthering us interests . 
  the issue is for the next decade the uk can not and should not engage in military adventures . 
  it 's whole military is going through a transition period in which we currently have no aircraft carries and wont have our full fleet operational for another decade . 
  our new class of submarines are not going to be all completed until 2025 . 
  our new type 26 frigates ( global combat ship ) will be another decade as well to replace our current type-23 . 
  the f35 still hasnt been completed yet while we dropped our harrier jets . 
  we literally are left with only the typhoons and tornados until the f35 comes into service . 
  we are slowly getting the replacements for our nimrod patrol craft . 
  the priority which this government has done well is to push back our military engagements and commitments . 
  in 5 years it will be in better footing with a lot of the new equipment coming into service , and even better in 10 with a more advanced military than the uk has ever had . 
  to combat this i think hague has done a good job . 
  they recognised the lack of military effectiveness over the coming years and balanced it with a huge diplomatic push . 
  our aid budget is fixed at 0.7 % of gdp and has been ringfenced . 
  our embassies and consulates have been expanded worldwide . 
  we reduced our consulates in europe ( e.g. 
  why have large offices in florence and venice when most of the work is already being done in milan and rome ? ), 
  and expand the staff in the devolving world , focusing on asia and south america . 
  i think we just opened another new consulate last week in china . 
  our expansion is also linked to the commonwealth realms , especially canada who we are co-running some consulates with or working out theirs ( vice versa ) . 
  this emphasis on diplomacy over military matters does have drawbacks but :  america despairs of britain 's shrinking armed forces and criticises ** its `` constant accommodation '' of china . 
  ** [ this is not one of them ] ( http://www.chathamhouse.org/expert/comment/17261 ) . 
  that constant accommodation rebuke was about the aiib . 
  the aiib is not a debacle for the uk . 
  it was a huge diplomatic coup . 
  america 's partners around the world have been trying for the past 4 years to get serious reform going in the breton woods institutions . 
  the us congress refuses to sign anything . 
  the aiib is a response to this . 
  how does the developing world become responsible stakeholders in international institutions and peacefully rise if they are not equally included in the international institutions ? 
  china has a smaller say in the imf than us , japan , germany , france and the uk . 
  for the world bank , in two major institutions ( ifc , ida ) its the 10th country by votes . 
  for two others it either doesnt make the top five ( miga ) or comes 3rd ( ibrd ) . 
  a refusal to share power and influence in institutions that are linked to economic size and importance is stupid . 
  parallel organisations will pop up ( like the aiib ) and the international system will fragment . 
  the aiib is important because it is important to engage china before it quite rightly decides to throw all the toys out of the pram . 
  it will shake the us congress to finally start taking reform seriously . 
  if the aiib is a success with strong governance and transparency that the international members can bring to it , then it is still small enough to be subsumed by a reformed adb or world bank . 
  oh yes , the adb , the * asian * development bank in which the eu has three times more voting power than china ( japan alone has a little less than 3x ) . 
  our contribution to the aiib was to be a close us ally who is confident enough to engage china in these international forums . 
  the europeans were always going to join but the us hoped to keep its close allies out , especially sk and australia . 
  but once the uk joined , the cat was out of the bag . 
  sk just turned around and said `` but the uk is a close ally and they 're even joining ! '' . 
  the same argument couldnt be used for italy or france . 
  it gave them the leverage to push it . 
  the us is now alone in opposing it . 
  we were also smart enough to jump ahead of the europeans and get more leverage with the chinese by being the first to jump . 
  the world is changing and the uk has to be at the forefront to expand its interests . 
  naturally , i meant more in terms of combat troops but good point . 
  not sure if you are being serious ... why is mali and ukraine more important than making certain our own citizens are safe and protected in our own territory ? 
  i 'm sure reunion would be a higher priority than mali and ukraine if it was ever under threat . 
  ukraine - france has not sent troops there . 
  in fact , no western nation has . 
  why should we prioritise that rather than protecting our own citizens and interests ? 
  mali - you have interest in mali , that 's the ** only ** reason france gives a shit .
