  okay i didnt think you mentioned visiting , only calling , hence why i emphasised a visit . 
  also gave the suggestion on which ones to visit as they invariably end up being better at things they regularly advise about . 
  this speech was made in september and i 'm curious why its popping up again , or why they seem to be writing the article as if it happened recently . 
  in any case , the gibraltars government response at the time was :  `` the days when territories could be handed over from one monarch to another regardless of the wishes of the people who live there ended a very long time ago , '' a spokesman for no 6 convent place told the gibraltar chronicle . 
   `` this is not 1704 , when britain conquered gibraltar , or 1713 when spain ceded it by treaty for ever . '', 
   `` this is 2016 when what matters most is the right of a people , however small , to determine their own future . '', 
   `` it is regrettable that the mentality in official circles in spain remains stuck in the eighteenth century . '', 
   `` madrid has still not come to terms with having lost gibraltar over three hundred years ago and it 's time they realised that they are never going to get it back . '', 
  ouch . 
  publicly listed is when a company goes `` public '' , i.e. 
  it gives a part of its company away to sell to the general public using a stock exchange . 
  most small and medium companies dont do this . 
  db as a company does other things involved in the financial market besides running the public stock exchange . 
  nah i think they have to do the indefinite leave to remain form as well as the life in the uk test , but eea only need to do this permanent residency form ( check the eligibility for this form ) . 
  once you completed either permanent residency form or indefinite leave to remain form you end with the same status which after a short period leads to citizenship . 
   life in the uk funnily enough the name of silly test they have to go through . 
   uh-huh . 
  thanks for that , i do n't know what i would have done without you . 
   now , lets see what this super-helpful information says :  wonderful . 
  and oh !, 
  if you click on the link it gives you a nice long list of ` oisc-registered advisors ' . 
  it even warns you to check whether the advisor charges a fee . 
  spoiler alert : they do !, 
  to the tune of 800 pounds minimum !, 
  mighty helpful . 
  i do n't mean to be snippy , yea ... was genuinely trying to help mate . 
  as i knew plenty of people who were able to fill it out pretty straightforwardly after a visit to the cab . 
  you dont need to go to an advisor , most advice can be found at places like the cab . 
  i would really advise going to visit them if you do end up in that situation in the future . 
  and the reason you have a list of advisers and why they are expensive is actually quite simple . 
  there was a genuine issue in the 90 's and early 2000 's of dodgy immigration lawyers , especially in the south asian community completely fucking people over . 
  anyone giving immigration advice is now regulated , they have to take out insurance against giving bad advice , as bad immigration advice almost always leads to a expensive ( and sometimes deportation ) clusterfuck for the person . 
  its an attempt to regulate the industry and control it so innocent people who dont know what to do cant be taken advantage of . 
  especially because they are usually vulnerable ( old , have language problems etc ) . 
  you should see what we get the non-eu residents to do . 
  i had to help a mate go through it . 
  this is easy compared to some of the hoops they go through . 
   this is the information they the cab provides under ` visas ' . 
  i do n't even know why they bother having it as an entry . 
  they were no use over the phone either . 
  you should look under immigration . 
  [ here you are ] ( https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/immigration/visas-family-and-friends/getting-a-visa-for-your-spouse-or-partner-to-live-in-the-uk/ ) , thats the page for people applying for visas for their spouses . 
  best suggestion though is to use their website to find your local one and go visit them . 
  as the information will never be specific to each individual situation . 
  they provide the best service face to face * . 
  * if you are looking for immigration help , visit one in a major city or a place that has a high number of immigrants . 
  i can tell you from personal experience those advisers there usually know more about the form filling then the home office itself . 
  did you try going to the citizens advice bureau ? 
  they are pretty helpful with application forms . 
  no stocks are global , they should be able to buy german stocks easily . 
  but thats for publicly listed companies , almost all of which are large multinationals . 
  what i mentioned as a risk is for smaller companies , its hard for german sme 's ( mittlesand ) that need financing to get financing outside of major banks and get the money from the market . 
  this has always been the case , but the banks are worse now and dont have the money and the companies need more money because they are going through a technical revolution and need to invest in new things ( industry 4.0 ) . 
  these two have come together at a bad time . 
  this merger would have opened the opportunity for them to get more financing much more easily , helping them re-invest in the new technical changes coming through . 
  do you mean why is it important ? 
  or the actual definition ? 
  the biggest danger here is to the mittelstand , which db discusses . 
  the traditional financier of german sme 's has been the banking sector , this is slowly becoming insufficient for the new capital needs of its sme 's . 
  because of systemic problems ( issues with deutsche bank , exposure to bad loans etc ) with banks they are not doing great , this is further exasperated by industry 4.0 and the needs to finance the digital changes being brought about . 
  so more money is needed , and the banks are not doing it well . 
  the next actor is the market , but corporate bonds for example are rare in germany . 
   a merger between db and lse offers promising opportunities for frankfurt 's currently weak primary market activities . 
  since banks now can not adequately provide capital for middle market companies in particular , a way must be found for enterprises to raise finance on the capital market by issuing corporate bonds . 
  in contrast to frankfurt , lse has extensive on-exchange bond trading activities featuring a large number of experienced investors . 
  a merger between db and lse would open up the london market to middle market companies and would give them the opportunity to finance investments in germany using debt . 
  in the longer term , companies which are successfully listed on the debt market in london would also have much stronger prospects of going public in frankfurt . 
  in addition to debt finance , the primary market offers ways of obtaining equity finance ; in db 's case , through the deutsche b\u00f6rse venture network and its new growth segment for smes , which specialises in early-stage financing for companies . 
  however , the support structures here are far less developed than in london , which has a much more capital-intensive early finance scene . 
  in addition , the number of investors here is still comparatively small , as is their risk appetite, 
   the merger would have sold out the biggest continental stock exchange to the british and placed it outside the control of the ecb . 
  i find it fascinating how one story can be twisted both ways . 
  each side paranoid the other is trying to take it over . 
  the reality is that the db would have been the majority stakeholder , and the headquarters would have been in both cities but technically it would run from london as that made the most operational sense . 
  the reality is the only winner is euronext and the biggest loser here is db . 
   with more financial business moving to the continent , the frankfurt stock exchange will have plenty of opportunity to grow . 
  it wont . 
  consolidation with exchanges will continue happening . 
  db will be swallowed , you should read db own analysis of its situation . 
  its not pleasant reading , they are not competitive enough , full stop . 
  this was an attempt to stop their slow decline , they have been trying to merge with other exchanges for a decade at least now . 
  they lost their chance with euronext , they lost their chance now with lse ( on the second try too ) . 
   `` if deutsche b\u00f6rse does not make use of the opportunity to merge with lse , it will slide further down the league table of international exchanges and will then only be suitable as a junior partner for a more powerful us or asian exchange operator -- if at all . 
  this is a real danger . 
  if deutsche b\u00f6rse were to be cut off from global financial flows , frankfurt would soon be as insignificant as a financial centre in the international rankings as the hanover regional exchange is today at a national level . '' if anything , the united kingdom 's decision to exit the eu has exacerbated this danger . 
  d\u00f6ring ( 2016c ) then asks the following : `` will deutsche b\u00f6rse pay for the deal with london in part by becoming less important ? 
  will there be a sell-out of frankfurt as a financial centre ? '' he goes on to provide a clear answer to this question : `` without a merger with london , the decline in importance compared with its international rivals that deutsche b\u00f6rse has already been experiencing for years would accelerate . 
  since the merger does not change the legal and supervisory structures , the frankfurt stock exchange , which is operated by deutsche b\u00f6rse , will not be affected . '' with the merger frankfurt would have had sway in london , especially as it would have had a concentration of eu market regulatory bodies now . 
  unfortunately thats no longer the case . 
   clear improvements in the conditions for issuers and investors can be expected in the primary and secondary market , and the supervisory and regulatory bodies will retain their ability to intervene in london 's financial centre , with its outstanding position in currency and interest rate derivatives trading , especially if clearing and settlement processes were to be integrated in frankfurt . 
   1 ) through lack of or distortion of voice ; 2 ) through ridicule , scorn and personal attacks ; and 3 ) through association , mainly with terrorism . 
  thats because he doesnt have the support of the plp , who in any other leadership , are the bulwark against this . 
  he has such weak leadership over his peers , that they go against him and dont help . 
  when your whips cant whip and your members are in constant state of rebellion , are you surprised the media is hostile ? 
  they are being briefed by his own party mp 's to be hostile to him . 
   did you mention private insurance costs like 59 euros a month ( 45 pounds ) and you get twice a month fysio therapy , dental and mri scans all covered . 
  it is a big reason why britts take out private insurances in spain . 
  private insurance is a big political issue in the uk . 
  you will find very few people who believe in it , let alone want it to happen to the uk . 
  and those who do , are quiet about it .
