  the prime minister did n't explicitly say so , but her message is clear : you on the continent profit significantly from our contributions to european security , so do n't push us away . 
  that would be uncomfortable for everybody . 
  is she wrong to do that ? 
  surely the eu would be saying the same thing , you need us for x y and z , do not push away that would not be good for anyone ( literally what the writer says at the end ) . 
  it seems to be like this in his mind . 
  uk : change the single market , we dont want freedom of movement !, 
  eu : aint happening mate , 4 freedoms . 
  uk : bwwaaaaah eu : tough luck uk : okay , we are leaving the single market and the customs union then . 
  lets have a fta like with canada/sk/singapore . 
  this journalist : stop being nasty !, 
  it makes no sense . 
   until then , may will have to offer her allies more than just the graciousness of continuing to allow them to export prosecco and cars to britain . 
  may needs europe . 
  adjectives alone wo n't help her . 
  it seems to me what he wants is the uk to stay in the single market and continue with freedom of movement while outside the eu . 
  because she isnt doing that , her government is nasty . 
   eire i am that 's what made it for me . 
  brilliant . 
  cheers , i wrote it in a bit of a rush . 
  as i read it back i 'm noticing more and more errors . 
  ah well ... 
  its not though is it , the previous poster is correct . 
  listen to his interview , [ here ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-01-17/hsbc-ceo-says-bankers-generating-20-of-london-revenue-may-move ) . 
  its 20 % of their global banking and markets division based in london , which does trade in products that are under eu regulation . 
  that 20 % which is for the european clients , will have to go to paris ( where they already own ccf another investment bank ) as its under eu regulations . 
  he is more worried about immigration restrictions for staff coming into the uk . 
  he is actually optimistic about it :  irrespective of brexit , london will remain a global financial center , and the revenue impact of brexit on financial services will be made good in two to three years ' time , '', 
  i think the main thing i was trying to provide is context behind the questions which this article unfortunately is portraying as the illegitimate workings of spinning pr firms denigrating romania . 
  but back to your main point , that does make sense , i can understand the prevalence of it would mean the prevalence of evidence which would help the dna in their trials . 
  however when you couple that with the other factors ( lack of presumption of innocence as noticed by fair trials , previous politicisation of the judicial system ) unfortunately i think we can understand why journalists are asking questions . 
  the issue is the eaw though , because of it our judicial systems are all interconnected . 
  so when there seems to be a high numbers of convictions in one area ( the number of convictions in every other crime in romania is perfectly normal ) , especially in a highly political environment , it should and will raise questions . 
  for all i know , everything is absolutely fine and its all above board . 
  i just dont think this is a discussion that shouldnt be happening , or that these journalists are wrong for looking into it and [ raising alarm at aspects ] ( http://www.fabians.org.uk/backwards-march/ ) . 
  it 's a discussion that is very important so that everyone is reassured it 's all above board because as i said , we are all interconnected . 
  there is some key information missing here though . 
  but it seems the narrative of this thread has already been set . 
  now before i begin , everytime i discuss this topic i seem to offend people , so beforehand i 'd like to say thats not my intention here . 
  i 'm not trying to denigrate romania . 
  i am pretty sure the adamescu are using every pr firm available to them to try and get more traction on this story . 
  but to print something you ultimately need readers , and this is uninteresting to most people so the press cant cover it in much detail so they havent . 
  you use a personal pr firm mainly to stop stuff from getting into the papers , if you want to do it the other way round they actually has to be a belief that people want to read about it . 
  the vast majority of uk readers do not know ( or care ) about this case hence why it has very little media coverage in the uk ( a few online articles , none in the actual papers ) . 
  it does however have interest from a lot of independent journalists and the reason for that was completely missed ( or ignored ) by this article . 
  firstly , it doesnt mention his arrest . 
  well it does mention it slightly ,  starting last summer , british media started to publish articles depicting alexander adamescu and his family as `` victims '' of `` abuse by anti-corruption prosecutors in romania '' . 
  what happened last summer ? 
  well , you dont have an event in front of the largest gathering of independent journalists in london , in the largest independent journalist club ( frontline club ) , arrest the speaker at the event before he speaks and expect nothing to happen . 
  the journalists will start to dig . 
  why is it in voice of america ( us government media ) ? 
  why do you have the biggest socialist organisation ( fabian society ) in the uk writing about it ? 
  why are journalists like peter oborne writing about it ( who 's independent credentials i think are evident to anyone who knows his work - and especially for single-handedly destroying whats left of the telegraphs journalistic reputation ) ? 
  its because of what happened that day . 
  their attention was grabbed . 
  now as to why they care about this case , it has absolutely little to do with the man or his fathers corruption , or some spinning by pr firms . 
  those things do not get independent journalists interested . 
  by and large i dont think they care whether he is corrupt or not , what they care about is if he is getting a fair trial and if its following the rule of law . 
  this is where the key argument for all of this is . 
  when you have a foreign government that can arrest non-citizens of its country ( alexander adamescu is ** not ** a romanian citizen ) , in another country you want to be sure their rights are being followed . 
  i dont think anyone would have cared if it wasnt for the european arrest warrant , because of that , they have to care as it affects every single one of them . 
  now when they began to dig into his case they noticed a few things , the main thing was the corruption campaign itself . 
  this is from the socialist fabian society :  romania 's western partners want to believe that it is making progress in tackling its biggest problem and are reluctant to see an increase in prosecutions as a sign of anything other than success . 
  yet a legal system that produces conviction rates in excess of 90 per cent is one that clearly is n't working fairly in the interests of justice . 
  it is one in which corners are being cut to produce pre-determined results . 
  this includes mass surveillance , the pre-trial leaking of evidence to the media and the use of other intimidatory tactics . 
  corruption is one of the hardest things to prove , and if you followed the letter of the law , you dont get a 90 % conviction rate . 
  you either have a judicial miracle in which circumstances and evidence have come aligned for almost everything and everyone , or corners are being cut in the rule of law and its effecting the right to a fair trial . 
  when you take into consideration that this is not a judiciary with a clean record of non-interference from the state but in fact with a history of it , you begin leaning to one way more than the other . 
  the arrest warrant was drawn in up 20 minutes by the judge . 
  it did not need any evidence submitted and because of that he was immediately arrested . 
  they then looked into his fathers case , fair trials international already deplored the fact that the presumption of innocence was not used in his trial . 
   in a decision to detain mr adamescu , the judge referred to `` the seriousness of the illegal actions committed by him '' , describing them as established facts rather than as yet unproved allegations . 
   at an appeal hearing challenging his detention , the court of cassation stated in the grounds for its decision that `` the defendant [ s ] continue to deny committing the crimes of which they stand accused and to challenge the existence of any evidence that justifies a reasonable suspicion that they did , in fact , commit these crimes . '' they probably are all corrupt as hell , but what is more important to these journalists is that they get a fair trial whether they are corrupt or not . 
  now if there wasnt an eaw they might not care as strongly , but there is and if they get on the wrong side of someone important in romania , the assurance that they will get a fair trial is unfortunately not there . 
  this leads to the stuart ramsey case , the guy from sky news that wrote all that bullshit about romania . 
  the way you deal with bullshit from journalists is not to go erdogan on them , but to make them and their employer pay financially in the civil courts . 
  you sue them for libel and other things . 
  you force them to issue apologies and take back all the bullshit they said . 
  you dont try and arrest them and charge them in the criminal courts like erdogan does . 
  when he wrote that bullshit , the romanian government applied for an eaw on him for criminal charges on `` spreading false information '' . 
  you can imagine how people believe this is a slippery slope . 
  alongside these journalists you have your usual tories who are absolutely jumping with joy at this case and how it shows the eaw was wrong to begin with and you wont get fair trials so lets brexit faster etc. 
  the main points about if the letter of the law is being followed or if its being pushed aside for the sake of results is not being addressed in the article , and i think its an important aspect to look into . 
  an interesting if slightly rambling narrative . 
  to understand the professor , if england embraces the nationalism which it denied itself with the union and then the empire , it might have a change to get rid of the `` psychosis '' caused by having essentially no identity . 
  this psychosis which was exacerbated by the decline of an empire . 
  he says the solution is to create a english parliament and finally acknowledge this identity . 
   england has never wanted to join in the process of growing together , not because it rejects the goal of a ` super-state ' , which exists only in england 's fearful imagination , but because it rejects the idea of collaborating with equals -- it does n't want to be just another member of a team , for then it would have to recognise that it has after all an identity of its own . 
  [ ... ]  from that truth they seek shelter in the thought that really they belong not to england at all but to something more imposing , or at least different : the uk , or , less accurately , ` britain ' , within which they can cocoon the non-identity they took on in 1707 as the imperial adventure was beginning . 
  [ ... ]  however , not until there is a separate english parliament , giving expression to that separate english identity , will the delusions that led england to brexit finally be dissipated by contact with reality . 
  and perhaps then , with their psychosis healed , the english will apply to rejoin the eu . 
  i think he is reaching in a lot of places but its interesting nonetheless . 
  i dont think it would have changed much though , their are far more centrifugal forces at work in this country . 
  not really no . 
  the main parts ca n't be replicated in europe i.e. 
  the deep and large pool of capital , the complimentary industries etc. 
  these take decades at minimum to build up.the main beneficiary will probably be ny . 
  as barnier mentioned a few days ago , the eu already wants equivalence and i think both sides realised with a weak european economy and a huge debt burden , cutting off your financial capital will break enough banks for another crisis . 
  we have already seen with paschi di siena the risks , and unicredit would have joined them if they didnt raise enough from investors in london a few months ago . 
  that will probably be the first part that everyone signs on .
