  china , singapore , vietnam etc. 
  more and more its becoming apparent having our democratic-liberal values is not necessary for capitalism in and of itself . 
   but i 'd rather be able to have fish some time in the next decade than keep a few jobs in the outskirts . 
  the fish arent going away , europe has stopped the fishing stock from collapsing and its now becoming more and more sustainable . 
  this has been going on since early 2000 's . 
  a lot of good work has been done which hopefully wont be affected by this . 
  whats would be interesting is how much political influence/capital they have . 
  how much pressure they can bear on borgen ( heh ) . 
  would the political establishment worry about the potential euroskepticism ? 
  would it increase disenfranchisement in the working classes that work in those roles ? 
  will the fishing communities be able to recover ? 
  is it worth trying to get concessions for them or not ? 
  the interesting thing is that uk-den trade relationships has radically changed over the past few decades . 
  its now mostly agriculture . 
  fish , bacon , dairy etc. 
  those communities are most likely to be affected and the flipside those industries in the uk are expecting the opposite . 
  [ on paul nuttal . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chowbmaduno ), 
  the uk would most likely ( because its make the most sense ) bring up norwegian style controls on its fishing industry . 
  this would destroy/severely damage a lot of fishing industries of nearby nations . 
  the danish fishing industry for example would be incredibly damaged . 
  a better example of reneging on your ally would be when france left nato command during the cold war . 
  meaningless in that it doesnt matter or affect anyone outside of the germans . 
  but interesting in that it shows the state of of their deteriorating relationship . 
  i wonder if that will begin to affect any mutual nato commitments . 
   bannon loves him , so i bet he will give farage the uk or europe arm of breitbart . 
  he 's already writing articles for them farages second in command already has that job . 
  farage is aiming higher . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/unternehmen/aixtron-us-geheimdienst-soll-uebernahme-gestoppt-haben-a-1118351.html ) it was then reported as an aside in a few english reports . 
  the cia with the american government were behind the warning to the germans to stop the deal . 
  they do have a say in the matter as the governments listen to each others warnings . 
  also aixtron like many translatlantic companies has bought out a lot of companies in the us and other parts of europe . 
  im guessing sensitive technology could have been in one of those subsidiaries , maybe why it was n't readily apparent to the german government . 
  for example one of the uk ones they bought deals with nanomaterials - which is important in some high tech military technology . 
  canning town seems to have more cranes than people nowadays . 
  its getting expensive . 
  that dlr line is where lots of these new apartment blocks are getting built . 
  its basically heathrows backyard . 
  its not that fun to live so close to europe 's busiest airport . 
  median cost of a one-bedroom flat . 
  rent is per month . 
  did some googling , this map is showing the median cost of a one-bedroom flat . 
  seems about right for my area . 
   when gabriel 's office announced in the fall that it would withdraw its previous approval of the acquisition of german firm aixtron se by china 's grand chip investment , it was widely seen as a way of telling beijing that berlin is monitoring what 's happening closely . 
  the cia told them not too , aixtron technology at the higher end has military uses ( we still have an arms/military embargo on china ) . 
  we are beginning to see the shift in power , europe will have to take a side on this eventually . 
  the us is competing economically and strategically with china , this competition will get fiercer . 
  will it allow europe to continue providing very high-tech stuff to china ? 
  they have already suggested that the merger be dropped . 
  if its restarted i can see the us subsidiaries being taken out the deal , probably with a few others . 
  in any case , we cant buy their companies in the same manner . 
  reciprocity should be really pushed . 
  also , they are shady ways they are buying these companies . 
  the article doesnt mention it , but aixtron was bought because at the last minute a major order was cancelled by a chinese customer . 
  aixtron shareprice sank . 
  fujian then agreed to buy them . 
  the chinese company ( san ' an ) that cancelled the order and the one that agreed to buy them ( fujian ) , have common investors , share existing financial relationships . 
  both linked to the state . 
  i dont see anything changing though , we 'll try to stay in the middle while making as much money with the chinese as we can while selling them whatever we can , including high end technology . 
   have no idea what his son did and not going to waste time on someone that is pretty much from a mafia clan . 
  i think that is the exact point that is being made . 
  what if he is completely innocent ? 
  surely then it would never get through the courts right ? 
  the argument is that currently , in romania , it would . 
  because of opinions like the one you just stated . 
  because the political pressure from this corruption campaign and his father political enemies , that he will be swept up and it wont be judged justly . 
  so the point is , is this dude , who i dont know his guilt or innocence , but is * not * a romanian citizen is going to be held to trial and will that trial will be done to the letter of the law or not ? 
  btw , he is accused of bribing judges in romania to help his fathers court cases against corruption . 
  the case should be starting sometime this month if it hasnt already . 
  and before we get into another thing , i am not attacking romania here . 
  i think the corruption campaign is a morally good thing and i genuinely applaud it . 
  i am simply explaining the situation . 
  sure . 
  his name is mitchell belfer . 
  it is the author of the second link i posted in the previous post . 
  i assumed the links would have been read as part of the discussion and there would be no need to cite him as it would have been evident by the text who i was referring too . 
  but here it is again . 
  [ parliamentlive.eu ] ( https://www.theparliamentmagazine.eu/articles/partner_article/central-european-journal-international-and-security-studies-cejiss/case ), 
  it seems you believe that i as a brit have some ulterior motives or influences and you feel you the need to defend your country against attacks . 
  i apologise if it seems that way , but i really dont . 
  my only point here , without getting into anything too deep , is to point out the reasoning behind the delay by the government and the political realities around it . 
  its not a support for either position but what i was trying to get across is * why * its become that way and the difficulties around it . 
  i thought that was clear but you continued to rant about some sort of perfidious anglo agency in trying to undermine romania . 
   our justice system , especially the anti-corruption endeavors are exemplary in europe and exported as a framework model to other eastern european nations with this `` residual soviet problem ''  exemplary is what those reports are arguing that it is not . 
  that the intentions whether good or not , are not following the letter of the law in all cases . 
  the letter of the law is what we are speaking about here , not how successfully corruption or anything is being routed out . 
  lastly , on a side note , i really think you exaggerate the amount of influence former kgb agents and oligarchs have on the british government . 
  you mention the secrecy laws , these laws have been in place before there even was a communist country and their flagrant use since the early 20th century is not a result of some sort of soviet capitalist cabal but the innate and deeply routed secrecy that pervades the british intelligence community and civil service . 
  to give you but one example , mi6 was up until 1994 not acknowledged , it was a `` secret '' . 
  this is an organisation that has films about it , and you are surprised that they keep something like russian spies assassinating their own agents as a secret too ? 
  they do that instinctively and they get away with it because parliament will always implicitly trust them . 
  the fact that russian spies kill british informants ( e.g. 
  litvinenko was an mi6 asset ) or that british spies die should not come as a surprise , i would argue it rather shows the declining way in which the fsb cant actually carry out its aims without it becoming an international scandal . 
  i for one dont believe that the west doesnt carry out the same illicit acts over there , just that its done quieter or we dont hear about it . 
  fair enough , but your rant is besides the point . 
  i really dont know the ins and outs of romania and i wish you all the best . 
  i dont think anyone here is trying to really undermine anything you are achieving . 
  its the legal process they are worried about . 
   that asshole you pointed out is just another offspring of an odious dilapidation oligarch from romania . 
  his parents are also besides the point .
