  unfortunately i did not look to see if the wikipedia article matched the parliamentary report . 
   if the other nations are willing to pay problem number 1 . 
   belgium , the netherlands and sweden together contribute roughly the same . 
  that is if you dont count it in net contributions . 
  belgium because of its importance has a lot of eu spending on it . 
  in net contributions for 2015 you have ( $ million ) : * germany : 17,112 * uk : 13,952 * france : 6,138 * netherlands : 5,588 * italy : 3,582 * sweden : 2,552 the rest are either net recipients or net contributors ( denmark , austria , finland ) but by a smaller amount (  1billion $ ) . 
  if the uk did not have the rebate , it would have been paying an extra 4-5 million euros , so similar to germany 's current net contributions . 
  the uk has always been an alibi for governments who do not want further integration and less control , i think enrico letta most recently came out on this exact point based on his time as italian pm . 
  it 's always been the same story , now that the alibi is gone we will see how much further it goes on or if we get a new scapegoat . 
  the eu has fundamental problems , it has two rogue states and no clue how to deal with them . 
  the eurozone needs serious reform , addressing the current account imbalances , addressing the need for investment , otherwise its most likely another lost decade for the southern economies . 
  the most important thing is to see who the new leaders after these elections are , because its always the member states and not parliamentarians like verhofstadt and schultz that decide the course of the eu . 
  so its finally happened . 
  the challenges by the devolved governments have failed , the court disregarded the sewell convention stating its a political convention not a legal one and it is upto parliament to uphold a political convention if it wants too . 
   `` that is a very important convention but it had no legal effect in limiting the legal power of parliament . 
  it is often said that it would be unconstitutional for the uk parliament to do certain things , meaning that the moral , political and other reasons against doing them are so strong that most people would regard it as highly improper if parliament did these things . 
  but that does not mean that it is beyond the power of parliament to do such things . 
  if parliament chose to do any of them the courts could not hold the act of parliament invalid . '' [ ... ]  judges therefore are neither the parents nor the guardians of political conventions ; they are merely observers . 
  as such , they can recognise the operation of a political convention in the context of deciding a legal question ( as in the page 47 crossman diaries case - attorney general v jonathan cape ltd [ 1976 ] 1 qb 752 ) , but they can not give legal rulings on its operation or scope , because those matters are determined within the political world . 
  as professor colin munro has stated , `` the validity of conventions can not be the subject of proceedings in a court of law '' - ( 1975 ) 91 lqr 218 , 228 . 
  i wonder if that will casue them to make these conventions legally binding in future . 
  because 90 % of world growth will not be in europe but outside it . 
  they are expecting a free trade agreement that is bit stronger then the canadian one but weaker then single market membership . 
  so with growth happening outside the eu , and a trade agreement with the eu , thats pretty much why . 
  also since no reforms in the eurozone looks foreseeable , the eurozone will most likely continue to stagnate for the foreseeable future . 
  it wont happen for the simple fact that oecd/g20 have set standard across the board which the uk has been involved in not only implementing but writing . 
  not mentioning what it will do for government finances . 
  its too large of an economy to go down that route . 
  however , corporation tax will be coming down . 
  we were already set to go to 17 % from 20 % by 2020 . 
  thats still higher then a few eu countries ( ireland , latvia , lithuania ) , but the problem is that its smaller then large economies but that reasoning wont hold for long . 
  i think if it reaches 17 , expect it to slowly become equivalent to the eu 's lower tier . 
  in any case the headline rates mean nothing , luxembourg has decent headline rates of 20 % . 
  doesnt mean you cant create specialized investment funds that is taxed at 0 . 
  i dont see the uk going down that route though . 
  its disappointing you actually believe we are that racist . 
  are you serious ? 
  do you genuinely believe the uk limited immigration from australia and others so that the white population in australia does n't decrease ? 
  thats interesting . 
  i did find some more discussion on the legality of the case but stumbled on the actual hearing [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azbx_0qjlrm ) . 
  going to give it a listen and see the arguments , but having read it looks like you are definitely right . 
  there are some constitutional questions being raised by both devolved governments . 
  the case is about the powers of the executive as opposed to the parliament . 
  i do n't see how this impacts the union , as the devolved powers come from parliament not the executive . 
  the high court simply said if parliament has given you rights only parliament can take it away , not the executive whatever constitutional instrument they use . 
  how does that impact the union ? 
  so there is n't any taking control back from westminster , but westminster putting whitehall in its place . 
   half of the migrant in the uk do not come from the eu , the majority are students ( the vast majority now going to university and not `` colleges '' ) . 
  the rest are under extreme rules because thats the only thing the government can control . 
  if my wife is from outside the eu she cant come live with me in uk unless i earn at least 22k + a year ( this includes the commonwealth , so australia , canada , etc ) . 
  the median household income ( 2 adults ) in the uk is 22k . 
  if a non-eu worker comes in and wants to permanently settle , they need to be earning 35k + a year . 
   cameron should have demanded for a migration brake instead of yet another rebates and other bs , last time he was negociating . 
  you must have not followed it . 
  thats basically the main thing he asked for , it was refused . 
  the 4 freedoms are sacrosanct . 
   sherman burned atlanta to the ground . 
  haha . 
  you can almost feel the ohioan pride . 
  i wonder which eu ~ ~ country ~ ~ state is [ ohio ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uxfjs.jpg ) . 
   if beijing is in fact not harming us industry anymore , they do so in response to the changing sentiment in the us . 
  but i 'd still have to see it to believe it . 
  china needs growth to maintain internal order , and not a meager 1 % like is common in europe , but upwards of 6 % . 
  that 's not possible without exporting as they have up until this point . 
  well , the facts are there . 
  manipulation of a currency is not something that is done behind closed doors , but on the market . 
  they actually dont , if they continue focusing on exports they will enter the middle income trap . 
  they need an internal market built on consumption to drive growth now that they are a middle income country . 
  that is the reforms and the `` re-balancing '' , that is always talked about . 
  hence why their share of exports is coming down slowly ( an analogy used for the re-balancing is that of a car driving fast down a motorway and tries to do a sharp right turn . 
  it needs to slow down before the turn and be very careful as it turns at speed ) . 
  gdp growth comes from 3 sources , exports , consumption and investment . 
  they are trying to re-align their economy to focus more on consumption and investment like other advanced economies . 
  they have enough of the latter , so with those two they can get the growth necessary as they adjust ( and its not like their export dominance will completely collapse but slowly become a smaller part of the growth strategy ) . 
   as far as commitment to us allies goes , the americans do reassure their allies around the south china sea and have a leading role in making the anti-china coalition ( along with australia ) . 
  spilling blood is not likely , since nuclear powers do n't fight each other . 
  the fighting will be done through economic means . 
  what reassurance though ? 
  what fighting on economic means ? 
  tpp has collapsed . 
  obor is on the ascendancy . 
  aiib couldnt be stopped . 
  they are not isolated but stronger military , economically and politically . 
  its even more evident when you are next to them and not looking from washington . 
  i wouldnt be so sure of indonesia , there is little the us can do for it , its main aim is growth . 
  china 's claim on the south china sea island overlaps with indonesia only on a small part , which they already admitted is not theirs but they should be allowed to fish . 
  it 's not really at the top of indonesias list ( especially when you have china spending multiple billions building railway etc across the country ) . 
  the whole island things is a negotiating strategy , if you claim everything , once you sit down to negotiate , every little bit you give up is not really a loss as it wasnt yours in the first place , the ultimate goal of the strategy is to push the us out of the [ first island chain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_island_chain ) , they want military basses and i think we will start seeing a shift to more compromise with allowances for their military . 
  the philippines ( who they have the largest dispute with ) is the case to watch where you can see the beginnings of this approach . 
  if that happens i dont think they care who actually owns what . 
  as for india , it will always be against china as long as china is pakistan largest partner . 
  but if push comes to shove and the chinese need the indians , you can imagine pakistan being ditched but the main point is indonesia as they are the first among equals in asean , and once they shift decisively , asean will most likely follow . 
  that would end containment as a strategy regardless of what the us wants . 
   there is no sign the chinese are backing down , even if they say they do n't artificially devalue their currency anymore . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  i hope mnuchin , ex-wall street sadly , will fight for us industry instead of the financial services . 
  all his predecessors did n't . 
  if he does , [ europe ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/blog/ben-bernanke/2015/04/03/germanys-trade-surplus-is-a-problem/ ) should be worried . 
   the us treasury under obama has been fine with china keeping it 's currency low to keep flooding the world ( including the us ) with cheap exports they havent done anything because its not happening anymore ( making it cheaper ) . 
  it use to happen and the general public have n't realised its no longer the case ( its actually the opposite , its would be cheaper if they didnt interfere in stopping people taking money out ) .
