  the guillotine clause seems effective . 
  what is stopping the federal government from just watering down any referendum until it basically meets the eu guidelines ? 
  the sanctions affect `` united states persons or persons within the united states '' involved in the energy sector in russia . 
  meaning you cant do businesses in that sector and at the same time do business in the united states . 
  if they are approved , these companies will have to make a choice . 
  basf is naturally involved in both markets . 
  it will need to chose ( it will stick with the us market ) . 
   and why not consult with germany beforehand ? 
  this clearly mostly hurts germany , wich was probably the intent , i do n't know . 
  sanctions harm everyone . 
  do you think the current sanctions are not harming other countries including the us ? 
  that the us itself is not being harmed by excluding all of its major energy companies from russia ? 
  the us senate doesnt have a thing against germany , trump probably does , but the senate has no reason to seek out to harm germany . 
  this is also a bill passed by the senate , they arent diplomats they are legislators . 
  thats like asking why didnt the bundestag speak to the brazilian prime minister about issue x ? 
  its not their job . 
  the state department should have , but trump has pretty much left it unstaffed . 
  however trump is germany friend here , he obviously is going to be against these sanctions , so lets see if he blocks it . 
  so im guessing its one of the bilateral agreements that revoking would cause the guillotine clause to take effect ? 
  looks like switzerland has no choice but to follow the rule changes . 
  its nice that germany has that view , but its allies who are right next to russia , do not . 
  if poland and estonia think that is a good idea , and there is unanimous consent within the eu to go down that route , fine . 
  but there is not , because it was not long ago russia illegally invaded a neighbouring country , hacked the elections in the us and most likely in other parts of europe . 
   only in partnership with russia will the continent have peace in the future . 
  if you want a peaceful partnership , you need to expect something from the russian side as well . 
  they have so far given nothing . 
  the german belief seems to be expect nothing from the russian side and give everything up . 
  these sanctions are a direct response to their hacking of the us elections , go ahead and follow your path but dont expect victims of russia meddling to do so as well . 
  nobody is stopping german companies working with the russians . 
  i mean we should really be glad the us response is simply increasing sanctions when their democratic process was interfered with . 
   eu regulations imposed on itself because you signed upto their agreement . 
  they can change the rules of their own agreement as they see fit . 
  if you dont like it , switzerland can leave * . 
  * will this trigger the guillotine clause ? 
  im not sure . 
  legal loopholes ,  mueller believes the new study can not say no . 
  `` the third energy package [ eu energy laws ] ... does not apply outside the internal market , '' he said . 
   nord stream 2 is `` completely different '' to south stream , he said , because that project was planned to run from bulgaria to austria , but nord stream 2 would lie mostly in international waters and end in germany . 
  that would mean only `` connecting pipelines within the [ eu ] internal market that will transport gas from nord stream 2 onwards across europe will be subject to all eu energy legislation '' . 
   one senior eu source agreed . 
  `` lawyers are warning that the eu study might produce a result that those critical of nord stream 2 do n't expect , '' the source said . 
  i think the commission is much weaker then it seems . 
  especially when it cant find some legal area to wield power in . 
  political considerations will always win . 
  the us is not forcing anyone not to work with nordstream ii , but if you do get involved then you cant do business with the us . 
  simple enough . 
  appropriate response after they confirmed their elections were hacked by the russians . 
  you want to work with the russians ? 
  go ahead , just dont try and do business with the united states at the same time . 
  you cant have your cake and eat it . 
  nordstream ii shares are 100 % held by gazprom even though european energy firms are involved . 
  it 's also run by a former german stasi member . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jun/14/gas-pipeline-nord-stream-2-funnel-billions-putin-bypass-sanctions ) i cant believe this bullshit has ever gotten to this stage , after georgia , after crimea , after the hackings and we still cant do much . 
  so lets get this straight , last week the us announces they will start shipping lng to europe on a large scale . 
  so when they finally help europe in some actual concrete ways , we are suppose to get annoyed ? 
  the first shipment went to poland last week , with the express purpose of helping out eastern countries so they dont have to rely exclusively on russian gas and can diversify . 
  to quote :  `` it 's very important , it 's a milestone , '' one polish diplomat told foreign policy . 
  the diplomat said energy diversification is a top priority for eastern europe countries in russia 's shadow , a safety net if moscow ever decides to cut supplies in geopolitical ploys against its neighbors -- something it has repeatedly done in the past . 
  on top of that they made sure that these recently passed sanctions actually impact russia energy dominance over ee . 
  the us senate basically told the orange oaf to fuck off and putin to fuck off . 
  both of those things made the russians absolutely rage . 
  but of course , that means it impacts russian gas which impacts nordstream which impacts german business and you clearly see the results here . 
   ` europe 's energy supply is a matter for europe , and not for the united states of america . ' so why dont you try and make it so that europe 's energy supply is not a threat to european countries sovereignty ? 
  just from an outside perspective , it seems the german public is pretty insulated from the actual damage happening in greece , not that they are heartless , which probably explains why even the smallest amount of relief is consistently rejected . 
  this makes the other issue more problematic . 
  as the government doesnt want to tell its citizens what everyone pretty much understands already , debt relief is needed . 
  that yes , it has come at a cost to the german taxpayer but that is a consequence of having a shared currency and shared finances . 
  the good comes with the bad . 
  once they do , or even if they do , there is a real fear on how that will be taken . 
  they have for the past few years already begun relieving the greek debt as far as they can without alarming the general public . 
  hopefully that wont be seen as deception of the taxpayer . 
  otherwise it can get messy . 
  the basic story : gibraltar and malta have ` strong ' tax laws on gambling . 
  about 10 or so years ago the amount of gambling companies moving from the uk to those two states was getting pretty high . 
  the treasury noted how this was leading to a decrease in taxes * , so they proposed a new tax that taxes these companies based on profits generated from uk customers . 
  gibraltar has been fighting it ever since knowing full well the vast majority of its customers are in the uk . 
  * decent amount of taxes from gambling in the uk , as it 's the biggest gambling market in europe . 
   so ... private universities live off from the the government ? 
  why not just invest in public universities instead ? 
  none of them are private . 
  there arent any major private universities in the uk , and only 5 in total . 
   ( ~ ~ wich ~ ~ which will give them an advantage over you ) , also fixed . 
   merkel one of the companies main customers more like shareholder . 
  thanks !, 
   eastern europe is much more closer culturally with the uk , rather than india or pakistan . 
  depends to be honest . 
  those are big countries with more people than eastern europe . 
  there are plenty who are culturally closer to the uk and plenty who are the complete opposite . 
  including many whose families have fought and sacrificed blood and treasure for the uk . 
  its far more nuanced then your blanket statement . 
  of course they are also massive countries so you also have the opposite . 
  but by and large now , the only way into the uk for many indians and pakistanis is through job offers , so they are quite educated and tend to be in the former camp . 
  the issue is the labourers who came in the 50-60 's and the subsequent generations . 
  i 'll give you the bellwether brexiteer , farage , to get an understanding of some who would hold the opposing view . 
   i have to confess i do have a slight preference . 
  i do think , naturally , that people from india and australia are in some ways more likely to speak english , understand common law and have a connection with this country than some people that come perhaps from countries that have n't fully recovered from being behind the iron curtain . '' you will hear similar sentiments being made about caribbeans . 
  no , double the amount of african nurses . 
  so including ghanians , nigerians etc i am on my phone right now , but look for the uk parliament briefing paper on eu nationals in the nhs . 
  its related to the recent report about the nhs and brexit by the health select committee . 
  a google search will bring it up .
