  rand estimates there needs 7 brigades to defend it properly , so around 35k soldiers . 
  you already have 27k american soldiers ready to fight it out before europe even needs to tie up its shoes . 
  lastly , basically if all else fails , they can single handedly invade eastern europe and destroy them alone . 
  it will cause [ casualties no one wants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shock_and_awe ) , but the capabilities are there . 
  so in short , the reason is , because in every single scenario russia loses . 
  without america , russia only loses if it plays its hand too much ( and tries to go for poland for example ) . 
  another good point , is the us is combat trained . 
  they have fought in actual wars , tested out mechanisms and theories , played with strategies . 
  they know what works in combat and what doesnt . 
  very few european armies really do , they will be learning on the job . 
  that whole report was based on the premise , the russians can take it and we can take it back , but its better if we stick a bunch of soldiers in the baltic so we dont have to bother taking it back . 
  he took a [ small fishing town ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-32028693 ) that was cast away by malaysia in the 60 's and made it the richest country in the world . 
  when he got it , its per capita was similar to africa , when he died the only european country that could compare had 10x a smaller population ( luxembourg ) , and there were only a handful globally . 
  if singapore would join the eu today , it would have a larger economy then more than half the eu ( only 10/28 would be larger ) , similar to denmark . 
  its financial centre alone gives it more international clout then most similar sized countries . 
  he did this without any natural resources of any kind in a turbulent era with only hostile states surrounding them . 
  he did this by creating one of the most efficient and effective governments in history and creating a business environment that was pretty much the envy of much of the world . 
  if your opinion of a great statesmen is someone who leaves a country better then how he found it , then he tops the list by such a large margin very few of his contemporaries can compare . 
  i dont believe my bar is very low . 
  he is one of the few people that deng xiaoping consulted before china began changing its economy , it was the singapore of lee that they copied and followed . 
  the example he set and the philosophy of governance and economic development that he created was and continues to be today the example they are following as they [ become a superpower ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2015/03/lee-kuan-yew-the-father-of-modern-china/ ) . 
  thats why i mentioned his influence going into the 21st century , as the chinese are not the last following his example . 
  they are a democracy in the sense that people vote , but thats where comparisons end . 
  its authoritarian all the way down . 
  there is a reason they didnt have opposition members in the parliament until 20 years into their `` democracy '' , or the fact that they hover around 95 % of parliament seats being for the party ( through a variety of complex but ingenious methods ) . 
  the fact that its a city state , i think is definitely is a fair point , but the original theory by prezworski didnt have these caveats in mind . 
  i think its just a wait and see game , i dont believe that the chinese - who have been copying singapore for many years - dont believe they cant do the same on a larger scale , like they have done economically . 
   you ca n't really have an advanced economy without democracy , though . 
  yes you can , singapore is a model authoritarian advanced market economy . 
  the fact you cant was a theory never truly tested until singapore broke it down completely . 
  china was watching while they did . 
  lee kwan yew will probably go down as the greatest individual statesmen of the 20th century and its most influential on the 21st . 
  it gets worse , they sometimes just use boss and the `` sunwen '' bit is in mandarin . 
  so you look at it and think `` hmm , i guess thats just hugo boss written in chinese '' . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.9527lady.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/bosssunwen%e7%94%b7%e5%8c%853.jpg ) hong kong banned them because they still are using their own legal system , but in china it was taken to court twice , and hugo boss lost both times ( sometimes when you think you will win , your case will be delayed for a few years and then again , and again etc until you give up ) . 
  your feelings about other eu members are neither here nor there . 
  they have been doing this from the very beginning of the eu and will continue doing it far into the future . 
  the fact they do less doesnt mean they wouldnt do more if they actually * could * . 
  for example if bulgaria could have provided more than one ship in the libya mess a few years ago , it probably would have . 
  whats true is that these other members are doing the same thing the us is doing because in general , their interests align . 
  you will be very hard pressed to find an issue in which the west is in general not aligned on . 
  which goes back to my main point about the us and europe . 
  but i suppose because china is not in syria , they should be the example we follow . 
   even the current european forces could easily repel an russian attack ( which is highly unlike ) . 
  [ no they cant ] ( http://www.rand.org/pubs/research_reports/rr1253.html ) . 
  i 've seen this time and time again , we cant . 
  if russia decides to take the baltics , and stop there and not take anymore , there isnt a single thing europe can do about it without significant americans help . 
  they can take the baltics in less than three days according to the last rand corporations war games review . 
  simply put , we dont have the soldiers on the ground with their weapons and tanks in the area to fight back . 
  once its lost , look at the map you are talking about a catastrophic loss of life for an invasion force to take it back . 
  i am fully aware of our military capabilities and no we cant defend parts of the eu without the us . 
  unless when people talk about russian attack they mean , russia attacking belgium or italy or austria . 
  obviously we can defend those parts of europe , and i generally think for most in western europe , that is enough . 
  i 'm sorry , do you actually know how many eu members are also doing the same thing ? 
  how many of them support saudi arabia with weapons used in yemen ? 
  or support the saudi war politically like [ holland ] ( http://www.efe.com/efe/english/world/hollande-supports-gcc-intervention-in-yemen/50000262-2604474 ) recently did ? 
  lets not even get into syria , because we all know european fingerprints are right there alongside american ones . 
  i dont see the eu condemning its own members , and since they barely have a position on these issues besides platitudes like `` the parties should sit down and talk '' you can safely assume its not in their interests to stop them . 
  it might surprise you but just scratching the surface of foreign policy in this continent , you will find its not too dissimilar to the us whatever the general populace might think/want . 
  in this , our interests do seem aligned . 
  of course not , but they mostly align on the issues of significant importance to europe . 
  they may call hard cheese from illinois `` parmesan '' but they uphold the freedoms of having open seas , having fair competition etc. 
  every criticism of what the us under trump ** might ** do , is something china already does , and somehow the us is still worse . 
  but excuse me , obviously i seem to missing the memo thats made china our closest bedfellow . 
  not so much , china 's dependence is decreasing and will continue to decrease ( not that it will end ! ) . 
  they no longer want or can afford to be the factory of the world . 
  they are moving at a very quick pace to a consumption lead economy , their industrial and economic strategy for the next few decades discusses this at length ( china 2025 etc ) . 
  this is the same process that the asian tigers took , they will begin consuming ( and getting higher paying jobs into their economy ) and they are building a 1 billion + consumer market that most of the outside world will have barriers tapping into until they build significant indigenous companies that can use their economy of scale to compete globally . 
  this is already happening , expect to see some more hisense and tcl tv 's near you . 
  would philips be able to sell as easily over there ? 
  how can hugo boss sell stuff when [ bosssunwen ] ( http://i2.itc.cn/20100408/6cd_df4a68dc_e090_412a_8c23_7d14edfd0b4d_0.jpg ) opens next door ? 
  thats about consumer goods , which are pretty straightforward to deal with , and we dont even have understanding on that . 
  imagine the barriers for agricultural or pharamceutical goods . 
  there isnt much we actually can do , but we should not be doing is trying to normalise these trade practices just because of a one term president like another poster was suggesting . 
  we can rely on them acting in their interests , which are not the interests of the eu . 
  thats why they never try to deal with the eu collectively , but with individual countries just like the german ambassador said this week . 
  the problem is our interests dont align in anything of significant importance . 
  we allow them to buy our companies in europe and compete in our markets , while we are heavily restricted or outright banned in theirs . 
  its a country where our intellectual property is stolen , our goods are undercut and copied , and we have little recourse in law . 
  and that is just trade and business . 
  in international affairs this is a country that is revisionist in its international position , covets the whole south china sea as its personal lake and not international waters . 
  have a look at the south china sea and the importance that has for european goods going to asia , most of our global trade will be passing through that place and they are intent on making it all their own . 
  they have ignored multiple and repeated attempts by the international community to resolve it including when they lost the landmark court case against the philippines . 
  this is a country that will eventual have an active naval presence in the mediterranean , and already patrol the mediterranean alongside the russians . 
  i guess its to look at the fishes right ? 
  and at the same time , you are comparing them to the united states ... seriously ? 
  the worst trump can do to europe is align with putin , and you are comparing putins closest ally favourably to the united states that despite all the craziness continues sanctioning russia ( and judging from their congress , thats unlikely to end ) ? 
  if the us was like china , maybe we actually would have some serious problems to look at . 
  its not a smart move , its the same empty platitude they have always made . 
  like any diplomat , they say what you want to hear and they do what they want to do . 
  someone tell the german ambassador to china that . 
   `` in our view , setting up parallel networks such as china and eastern europe or china and southern europe are somewhat inconsistent with a commitment to a coherent and strong eu , '' clauss said this week . 
  they 've always been good with empty platitudes . 
  they are the masters at bypassing the eu/asean/mercosur and going directly to countries . 
  if you want to see how good they are in playing off regional blocs , just have a look at what they are doing in asean . 
  are we going to pretend a country that we still have an arms embargo on , is going to be our bestie ? 
  indeed , if america starts going america first protectionism , is that any better then the already existing made in china 2025 ? 
  its all about localisation with them which is why so many multinationals are pulling out , especially european ones . 
  they were about to sanction spain and portugal before the germans understood how it would be seen and they pulled back . 
  they didnt want to cause more populist upsets ( this was a month after brexit ) .
