  out of curiosity where did you get that figure from ? 
  it wasnt written by politicians , but by the military itself . 
  so its not politicians making a point , but a theoretical exercise by the military to inform the politicians . 
  i dont presume to know more about the us bases and its needs more than its own military , so i will leave it with them if they think having a huge soviet era military base is necessary or not . 
  my point is not about the numbers . 
  my point is about the policies behind it . 
  budget restraints will be put on their defence budget , and the first port of call is europe . 
  regardless if its going to take the biggest chunk or not , europe is where savings can be made most easily and with least resistance . 
  so just because its not a big chunk does not mean it wont leave . 
  secondly , retrenchment means yes they can and will probably will leave it . 
  if the us is pivoting to asia , where do you think are they pivoting away from ? 
  that is europe . 
  secondly ramsetin is no longer precious , far from it . 
  ramstein is too big and too unwieldy . 
  read the us miliatries gpr reports . 
  ramsetin is classified as a `` main operating base '' , which they are moving away from to smaller `` forward operating basses '' . 
  the reasons are simple , the smaller basses are `` less expensive , less visible , less vulnerable , and offer greater strategic and operational flexibility ; just as important , they are less likely to create political problems for the host government and in fact serve to promote bilateral security cooperation . '', 
  all the issues being addressed seem to be about those huge bases in okinawa and germany . 
  will they be stopping okinawa on the doorstep of a rising china ? 
  very unlikely . 
  germany is next port of call . 
  remember in the 21st century there is no need for these huge basses , they are not facing the soviets with huge land armies . 
  that may be so in the end , but regardless i think even with trump they would have been leaving europe but at a more slower pace that helps us more than hurts us . 
  it will be very dangerous . 
  because the pertinent question is , why should the american taxpayer be stumping up so much money to defend rich countries , especially when infrastructure investment ( for example ) is so low ? 
  should poland and estonia have shiny airports when laguardia looks like a third world one ? 
  when the go-to of the us foreign policy establishment are liberal imperialists or neoconservatives , this question is ignored , now it may come to the forefront . 
  all the answers to those questions point to retrenchment . 
  the us can leave us in a few ways that will all have different results . 
  will they pull only troops out ? 
  will they go further and make the nuclear umbrella conditional ? 
  the latter especially will cause unimaginable damage , as it will mean the only potential hegemony in western europe , germany , will be compelled to get its own nuclear weapons . 
  how will the french , british and russians react to this ? 
  its not in their interest at all for a nuclear germany . 
  as the largest state , the largest economy the thing that keeps us stable and other states fears dampened is that the german economic and demographic might does not translate to military might because of the us pacifier . 
  prepare for that to change . 
  once we have a security competition between first , russia and germany over the eastern buffer states , this will just cause the security competition to increase across the whole continent . 
  you may notice i dont hold much thoughts for the csdp and the eu , if the last few months and history has taught us anything , this is not the end of states in favour of the supranational . 
  states are and will continue to be the principal actors , and the eu has shown like the un especially over all these crises , its subservient to the interests of its nation states and not the other way around . 
  do you seriously believe the french or italians states will cede their militaries and pursue policies against their own interest ? 
  i would also point out , this whole new agreement we seem to be getting excited about , does n't even begin to ask the important questions . 
  can the major states veto ? 
  who will be operationally in charge ? 
  and bear in mind to these states russia is not a threat , let alone an existential one . 
  hollande emphasised this a few months ago at nato . 
   `` nato has no role at all to be saying what europe 's relations with russia should be . 
  for france , russia is not an adversary , not a threat . 
  russia is a partner which , it is true , may sometimes , and we have seen that in ukraine , uses force which we have condemned when it annexed crimea , '' . 
  that is with a centre-left president . 
  what would le-pen do ? 
  or a more strident hawkish president ? 
  and what would they do when the see the country next door , that has invaded them 3 times in 70 years and only with significant cost was stopped , rise up and increase its military power significantly ? 
  there is a reason the americans never left , western european leaders did not believe in the 90 's we could deal with our security competition and i dont think anything much has changed . 
  why does the two plus four agreement exist ? 
  its the only acceptable way for the french and the uk to live with re-unification . 
  with the americans gone , that will be scrapped . 
  how will the two nuclear powers of europe react ? 
  especially now that one of them is de-facto out of their common union . 
  lets not forget as well , the french and british unbeknown to a lot of people have the deepest military relationship of any major states of europe . 
  the lancaster house treaties for the past 6 years have only embedded this further in both militaries , their nuclear weapons cooperation is exceptional as well . 
  i am as pessimistic as you are , because i dont trust our leaders and ourselves without nato . 
  our inability to understand each others perspectives , the deep differences and reservations have shown in crisis after crisis . 
  if we include a military dimension this wont become better but worse , especially because to those in western europe it may make the russian side more attractive to balance out the germans . 
  eastern europe is not even the most pressing issue . 
  what will he do with east asia is the question ? 
  he told the japanese and south koreans they will need to pay for the nuclear umbrella . 
  this is to a japan that has a nuclear weapons breakout capability of weeks . 
  they can go nuclear quicker than england can collapse at the world cup . 
  they have territorial disputes with china , same with south korea and they both have that crazy north korean state . 
  that will probably be the place to watch . 
  we have a lot of wealthy pensioners . 
  that doesnt mean they are all rich , we also have a lot of poor ones . 
  as a group they have been getting richer , last year they were said to have a higher weekly median income than the working population . 
  recently another report stated those 65-69 , recently retired , were on average richer than 60 % of the population . 
  the 2016 figures for that chart , show the uk has a decreasing poverty rate , its not near hungary which has the best rate , but its dropped . 
  although i dont think it actually takes into consideration the absolute wealth of that age group . 
  especially , when you have tory policies like the triple lock ( pensions grow every year by the highest possible percentage ) . 
  there are a lot who are affluent , and getting more affluent . 
  for london its up to the tfl ( i.e. 
  the current opposition is the black cab lobby who are quite powerful . 
  currently the mayor is leaning ever so slightly towards the black cabs . 
  they are a tourist attraction in their own right and more skilled than a normal private hire , so he has to take them into consideration . 
  the last major change for the cabs was forcing all of them to have contactless/debit cards by the end of the month , but also giving them a lot of grants to change cars to the most fuel efficient . 
  as for uber/private hires , he told them to go take an english test * . 
  * currently subject to a court case brought by uber . 
  to be more accurate , what happened is they said they will be getting money from selling off some chinese assets . 
  they said they agreed the deal in december 15 . 
  the ecb decided to include it in their reports , but as of oct 16 the deal still hasnt been concluded ( i.e. 
  they still havent sold it so the money hasnt come in ) . 
  in the same situation is a spanish bank that was selling assets and had an agreed the deal in december 15 . 
  they werent given the same treatment by the ecb . 
  unlike db they did actually conclude the deal in march 16 . 
  looks like their deal was at least serious and more further ahead than the db one so why was n't it included too ? 
  if we are looking at the financial position of a bank in 2015 , should we be including some money that or may not come in , and in this case , still hasnt come in ? 
  why was this treatment not given to the spanish bank if its policy ? 
  i think the issue here is not about german government influence but db 's influence on the ecb . 
  i dont think they need to go to merkel to get the ecb to jump . 
  especially knowing the disproportionate influence they are having on eurozone banking . 
  its another definition of the word used in the uk . 
  it means a minister focusing on a specific area e.g.
