  as long as the llanitos dont want it , it should never be pursued behind their backs again . 
  the simplest solution is to give gib a parliamentary seat , and spain can no longer hold any legal objections as it no longer an overseas territory ( and hence in the process of de-colonisation ) but an integral part of the uk . 
  like ceuta and melilla are in spain . 
   not that long ago people were warmer to things like the eu and the euro even if they were n't for it their hostilely is n't like today were they ? 
  i think its high point was right when it began , 25-30 % who wanted the euro . 
  its single digits now . 
  never really any significant support , thats why even tony blair - an ardent europhile - couldnt push it too hard . 
   uk joined the euro from the start it would 've been pretty popular now . 
  it absolutely would not be . 
  i dont know where you get that from . 
  im not sure if you 've even heard the general uk public discuss the euro . 
   the anti-eu side of the argument was allowed to completely run the debate for so long that it made it too hard to defend the eu . 
  as such they were only willing to make a pragmatic economic argument . 
  it was a deliberate choice because most opinion polling showed that was the best way to win it . 
  there isnt some underground well of support for european integration , its the complete opposite . 
  you cant convince the british public to stay in the eu by promising more integration . 
  it was hijacked but the best way was showing them the damage leaving would cause and the successes of the eu . 
  they didnt stress the second part enough imo . 
   while it is hard to change enogh minds it is not impossible , the first thing to do is accept that the eu is not an economical project the simple problem is , even though my generation want to go back to the eu , its the one we had a year ago with all the opt-outs . 
  not the same as a non-opt out country . 
  even now , anecdotally , the majority of the arguments are pragmatic not emotional . 
  it 's `` what about our trade ? 
  '' , questions about the economy . 
  and not , we are going to miss the union in a special way or a renewed desire for unity and integration . 
   private eye is satirical , right ? 
  it 's quoted a lot in the r/unitedkingdom sub but i never saw a single post shared . 
  i guess they are too long form for that . 
  i was checking it out at the newsagent last weekend , but the lady gave me the `` are you going to buy it '' look . 
  i will probably get it next weekend , then . 
  yep , its satire . 
  it gets tips from the whole of fleet street , and they write the stories no one else is interested in doing atm . 
  they love showing the hypocrisy of everyone in public . 
  they have a running themes about corruption in all parts of society ( local government is the one that really annoys me a lot ) . 
  they also spend a lot of time on the newspaper industry , which companies are in turmoil ( hint : almost all of them ) etc. 
  but very little of it is ever put online , hence why its not shared . 
  you will have to take photos and then post those pictures or scan them in . 
  its just # 30 to subscribe and delivered for the whole year . 
  incredible price for it imo . 
  yea i think thats just the guidelines for us normies from the website . 
  they definitely have a different set for dignitaries , probably told her its perfectly fine . 
  it gets even trickier when you realise that saudi 's are in a cold war with iran and the largest shia population in the country live on their oil fields . 
  breaking down each field minutely , means more information out there about the location and expense of each one , the targets to attack are clearer . 
  which will mean a definite increase in terrorism in the country . 
  ft and reuters mainly . 
  the economist is not really a news source , but a magazine . 
  i tend to read it to inform my opinion on something im usually already aware of or have read elsewhere . 
  if you live in the uk though , private eye is the best thing you can subscribe too . 
   uk foreign office recommended that she wore one did they , i cant find a source for it ? 
  or is it the general recommendation for us normal citizens and not dignitaries ? 
  yep , the whole thing hinges on a audit of its reserve assets . 
  basically how much oil they have left . 
  its not a conspiracy to understand why they want to keep that vague and secret as possible , it affects oil prices immensely , which affects everything globally . 
  but thats not what the sec is talking about . 
  there is already an international audit underway by baker hughes . 
  once thats in , most investors will be using that audit to make a judgement . 
  the sec audit is a regulatory barrier not a deal breaker . 
  does it need to break down how much oil is in every single oil field or can they group oil fields together ? 
  its those kinda questions which are regulatory issues . 
  it will be the largest ipo in history , there will be exemptions if need be . 
  the bigger issue is politics , the saudi government is currently being sued in us courts over 9/11 . 
  she didnt refuse , foreign female dignitaries dont have to wear a headscarf in saudi arabia , the saudis definitely dont ask them too . 
  the iranians are a different story . 
   just worried we might close our eyes in yemen to make some tax from stock sales , that kind of thing . 
  we have always done that . 
  bear in mind most of the mess in the middle east can be traced back to london . 
   this deal is n't even investing in real estate or our businesses . 
  just sounds more like a bribe or something . 
  its quite simple . 
  saudi arabia have the most oil in the world . 
  they control this oil through a company they own called saudi aramco . 
  as it owns the most oil in the world , its quite rich . 
  the saudis want to take 5 % of this company and sell it to the public through public stock exchanges . 
  this is the first time they have ever done this . 
  its quite big . 
  this 5 % is a lot of money . 
  but to sell it , they need a lot of ready and rich buyers . 
  so they will sell it on the saudi stock exchange , but there is not enough buyers there , they will have to sell it abroad as well . 
  there choices are ny , london , hong kong and tokyo . 
  because those stock exchanges have enough wealth and buyers to afford buying up everything that 's available . 
  this also means if there are more buyers the price of the 5 % they are selling is higher . 
  this trip is our attempt to convince them to use london first and foremost . 
  it will mean uk businesses will be getting billions if they chose london . 
   one of the things about brexit is that it made us pay attention to a lot of things that would get otherwise unnoticed . 
  it made the media pay attention a little bit as they can tie it nicely to brexit . 
  but dont worry , soon they will have gotten over it , and i will have to go back to the uk gov website to find out what our ministers are doing . 
  they only really pay attention when they visit interesting places , a visit to brunei would go unnoticed as would our work in east africa regarding the famine for the past few months ( and also investment of uk companies into the region ) went unnoticed . 
  bojo visit to mogadishu a few weeks ago , and you 're hardly going to find that report in many newspapers . 
  these visits and trade initiatives constantly happen and will continue too . 
   you do n't think our new situation in the uk might expose us a bit to deals or positions that would n't go forward if they were presented a few years ago ? 
  im not sure what you mean here . 
  what kind of deals ? 
  a country can always say no . 
  australia doesnt sign deals it doesnt want too . 
  its not a zero sum game as well , the whole point is finding a position in which everyone wins . 
  there is because you are stating they are `` new found freinds '' . 
  in essence implying the diplomacy being conducted here is a new or a change in policy , making these people friends . 
  that 's not true . 
  the simple fact is , this is not new , unsurprisingly we have a large diplomatic corps and we have close relationships with unsavory regimes . 
  this is unrelated to leaving or staying in the eu . 
  i suspect we will have closer relationships with plenty of countries , from canada to saudi arabia .
