  you seem to not really know what iran has been doing for the past decade . 
  or wilfully ignorant . 
  who supported the mehdi army that terrorised iraq with their ieds ? 
  or paramilitary groups like the balj in syria ? 
  or the quds force that pretty much runs the syrian army for all its atrocities ? 
  who created the conditions and persecution that led to a sunni uprising in iraq , which helped propel isis ? 
  this isnt a dick swinging contest , but to somehow imply one side is better than the other is silly . 
  they back different horses , one is fine with sunni militants the other is fine with shia militants . 
  its not an advantage in the eu . 
  its one of the main reasons we did not have enough british bureaucrats in the eu . 
  thats why i explained in my first post , the independent was being hyperbolic , misleading and providing no context . 
  read actual eu-focused media like euroactiv who actually understand eu policy making ( unlike a lot of the british press ) because that 's what they report on for a living . 
  what 's happening here , is your unabiding belief in the british press ( which is admirable if misplaced ) . 
  firstly , the uk did not try to make a policy . 
  the policy position was created by the commission . 
  the revised policy position was put forward by malta . 
  malta set a meeting of european energy ministers a fortnight ago , as they are the current president . 
  the point of the meeting was to revise the directive . 
  everyone put in their positions , 16 members agreed with malta including the uk . 
  this meeting was not public . 
  what greenpeace got was the uk 's position in the meeting . 
  this was reported about a week before them already , by euroactiv . 
  so again , i 'll quote euroactiv . 
  the meeting at malta :  an informal meeting of eu ministers , held in malta last week , concluded with a vaguely-worded statement underlining the `` necessary flexibility '' for the eu 's member states to attain energy efficiency objectives , `` whilst at the same time securing a significant level of ambition '' . 
  fundamentally , its very simple , you cant make a 180 change with something thats been presented to you for the first time . 
  a fortnight ago was when this revision was first tabled . 
  secondly , the uk is not the main country trying to revise this directive , it is those crazy trump lovers , czech republic . 
   campaigners say the czech republic has been leading the charge against the 1.5 % objective to cut energy consumption among end-users . 
  16 countries are now believed to support the czechs -- namely , austria , belgium , italy , latvia , slovakia , the netherlands , poland , portugal , romania , spain , and the united kingdom . 
   italy even went so far as to suggest the 1.5 % objective be lowered to 1 % as of 2025 , according to one business representative who followed the ministers in malta last week . 
   `` they are afraid that the target would be too costly in terms of upfront investment , '' said the industry insider who attributed the pushback to `` a lack of knowledge '' about the economics of energy efficiency . 
  `` member states are worried about financing the objective . 
  they want to be sure they will be able to attain it . ''  the uk and poland , for their part , are believed to be pushing for a non-binding 27 % energy saving target , according to sources . 
  this has nothing to do with trump , these countries ( including the uk ) arent thinking about trump when they are making these arguments or revisions . 
  this is actually basic eu policy making being misconstrued by a rabid uk press . 
  whats happening here is very simple . 
  greenpeace and others are against the revisions . 
  they want to get more publicity for these revisions as boring articles in euroactiv dont actually generate any interest . 
  the independent doesnt care about any actual context about what 's happening as long as they can link it to brexit or trump , because thats gets clicks . 
  they call up the opposition mps who happily gave them a nice quote . 
  bam , you have your story . 
  a misleading one , but it works . 
  greenpeace is happy because more people know about the revisions , the independent got both trump and brexit into an article , while labour got a good barb in . 
  have you read the articles i linked ? 
   nothing of that has to do with the fact that she changed her position to please trump there wasnt a changed position as this was the first meeting discussing revising the directive . 
  are you saying they supported not revising the directive and now support revising it ? 
  you will have to come out with a source for that . 
  the revision of the directive was put together by malta . 
  who 's presidency it is now and who want to make it non-binding . 
  frankly put , with the support of another 16 countries , this is going through even if the uk was not involved . 
  malta wants this done before the end of their presidency , and has enough support to make it happen . 
   and to put pressure on the eu therefore working together with one of the most despicable persons in power on the planet , just to strengthen her position . 
  would you say the same for the other 16 eu countries requesting a revision of the energy efficiency directive . 
  you would not , because the simple fact is , this has nothing to do with trump . 
  how does dropping the target of 1.5 to 1.4 % or making the cap of 30 % to 27 % help trump who doesnt believe in any of it at all , who probably wouldnt even understand the directive ? 
  it doesnt . 
  this is about internal eu competitiveness and cost , and the debate was always about that . 
  this might come as a surprise , but everything the eu does is not related to trump . 
  everything the uk government does , is not related to trump . 
  in fact , very little of both are related to trump . 
  governance does n't stop because of what happens in the usa . 
   i guess this is you , trying to see the world as you want it to be . 
  what do you mean ? 
  not sure i understand . 
  this is the independent not providing context before going into full blown hysteria as usual . 
  what actually occurred ? 
  the uk 's position on the energy directive to be watered down was leaked . 
  opposition mp 's found a good opportunity to capitalise and call may a trump stooge . 
  reality ? 
  why is there a discussion about revising the energy efficiency directive at all ? 
  because the uk is not the only country that wants it revised . 
  this is all happening as usual behind closed doors but there is a genuine fear of the eu becoming even less competitive , this fear is translating to a softer approach on the directive . 
  if you follow eu news , there was a meeting in malta a fortnight or so ago discussing this exact topic . 
  the uk 's position in this meeting was leaked to greenpeace . 
  only the uk position was leaked , if all positions were leaked you will find the uk government wasnt exactly alone . 
   campaigners say the czech republic has been leading the charge against the 1.5 % objective to cut energy consumption among end-users . 
  16 countries are now believed to support the czechs -- namely , austria , belgium , italy , latvia , slovakia , the netherlands , poland , portugal , romania , spain , and the united kingdom . 
   italy even went so far as to suggest the 1.5 % objective be lowered to 1 % as of 2025 , according to one business representative who followed the ministers in malta last week . 
   `` they are afraid that the target would be too costly in terms of upfront investment , '' said the industry insider who attributed the pushback to `` a lack of knowledge '' about the economics of energy efficiency . 
  `` member states are worried about financing the objective . 
  they want to be sure they will be able to attain it . ''  the uk and poland , for their part , are believed to be pushing for a non-binding 27 % energy saving target , according to sources . 
  the uk is not alone in it , its just business as usual as you discuss and amend regulations with fellow member states . 
  but of course , bad journalism , ignorant public hungry for brexit news does mean you get stupid hysterical headlines that lead to misinformation . 
  no offence meant but , unless you believe half the eu is prostituting themselves to the trump , then this is just silly . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with him or his opinions . 
  more information if you are interested : [ eu 's risky energy efficiency debate ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/opinion/eus-risky-energy-efficiency-debate/ ) [ the evidence behind a 40 % energy efficiency target ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/opinion/the-evidence-behind-a-40-energy-efficiency-target/ ) [ eu energy ministers warned over dilution of energy savings ambition ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/news/eu-ministers-warned-over-dilution-of-energy-savings-ambition/ ), 
   instead of cooling down the heads on both sides , she goes directly into actionism-mode to prostitute herself as trumps puppet and helps him to put pressure on us for his stupid agendas . 
  for ... example ? 
  you 're right , i should have said [ deter . 
  ] ( https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/rr1200/rr1253/rand_rr1253.pdf ) at the same time , even with a russian invasion without the us we cant take it back either . 
  the us is critical in slowing the potential invasion so the whole region isnt lost in a few days , while at the same time providing the armoured divisions that would quickly begin any sort of counterstrike . 
  so the whole defence of the region hinges on the us ability to deter and if that fails , provide the necessary amount of troops and weapons to slow down and begin counterstriking . 
  russia can invade the baltics and without the us , the eu wont be able to stop them . 
  its that simple . 
  it could only seem that russia is `` made a much bigger threat than it really is '' if you are looking from london , paris , madrid or munich . 
  they are not at threat from russia at all . 
  but europe doesnt end there , it stretches to parts that are very easily taken . 
  so should we be worried by their new tanks ? 
  yes . 
  if our anti-tank systems are less effective , we have a big problem .
