  if they have links to the uk ( parents or living for 5 + years ) then they have freedom of movement , if not , they do not have freedom of movement . 
  there is a specific line on their passport that explains there status and if they have that . 
  its impossible to have a conglomerate like samsung in europe . 
  they have an advantage because of the corporate system in east asia . 
  chaebol/keiretsu are impossible here , and thank god for that too . 
  so they have to try other tactics in europe to compete . 
  from my experience , it tends to be if you work in an office , you have the day off . 
  if you work in services , like retail or at restaurants you dont . 
  not everything is closed on a bank holiday but most office workers are off . 
  except major ones like christmas , i think almost everyone is off on that . 
  i would still seriously consider doing the masters . 
  nothing will change by the time you have finished it , and you are still eligible for postgraduate loans/funding for your masters tuition fee . 
  you can then leave after you are done studying . 
  same in the uk , there is no official language for the whole uk . 
  english is not the official language . 
  it 's the de facto , but not de jure . 
  wales has welsh as an official language though . 
   if the goal is to forge a united eu position , you do n't forget poland ( as someone said ) . 
  the goal is to forge a united european position by those nations attending , not a united position for the whole eu . 
  why would you invite someone who is not your bff or will cause issues with that ? 
  its germany prerogative as they are the host and there is literally no need to invite poland . 
  in the end poland is represented by the eu . 
  so there voice is heard through the eu . 
  if poland has a concern with the agenda , it can take it to the commission who will raise it . 
  the host usually invites a neighbouring country and they usually try to add a unrepresented nation into it as well . 
  in this case the largest european economy that has not been invited ( netherlands ) was their neighbour invitee , and they used norway as they are not in the eu , and so are unrepresented in the g20 . 
  similar to switzerland was one of the previous invitees last time it was in europe . 
  besides climate and energy and the 2030 agenda are big topics this year , as a huge un donor and aid giver , as well as a massive energy nation , the norwegian voice this year is more relevant than the polish one . 
  i would trust the bsa far more . 
  its been going on for decades and natcen who run it , are very highly regarded . 
  they are also the uk runners for the ess survey . 
  the ess sample is robust and clearly defined . 
  its pretty strict and far more strict than the chatham house one . 
  chatham house used 1,000 online panel members from lightspeed . 
  frankly , online panels are in general quite shit . 
  lightspeed being no different . 
  you just need to do a quick google search about joining to realise how many people are gaming it to earn money for filling them out . 
  screw thoughtful/truthful/correct answers , its about getting the payout . 
  not to go into issues with methodology , but i wouldnt trust their panel that far . 
  the ess is far more robust . 
  its 1000 face to face interviews run by a non-profit with clear guidelines , in comparison to the 1000 sent to an online panel with no real guidelines published . 
  its a tracker too , there is far more good things going for a strong tracker program like the ess or bsa then for a one off online survey you pay a mr company to quickly deliver for you . 
  school finishes at 16 here up until a few years ago . 
  i finished school at 16 , i had the choice of starting work or going to sixth form . 
  it changed to 18 a few years ago , but it 's still generally the same . 
  you study gcse until 16 , and then a-levels/btec to 18 . 
  after 18 you go to university . 
  a-levels are more advanced subjects so you only select a few . 
  you can choose if you want to stop any subject at 16 , it only affects your choice of university course . 
  well when you usually read novels in school here its in `` english '' language or `` english '' literature classes . 
  if you study another language you will also study their relevant literature . 
  that 's only upto 16 though . 
  if you are doing literature at 16-18 then there are translated works included . 
  at gcse , there are no translated novels , only english ones . 
  usually broken down to shakespeare ( lots and lots of it ) , 19th century stuff ( dickens , bronte , shelley , austen ) and modern prose ( 1900 's + ) so stuff like animal farm , to kill a mockingbird , things fall apart , of mice and men etc. 
  we sometimes did other stuff like non shakespeaere plays like , an inspector calls or very recent books like stuff by ishiguro . 
  not sure if that was just my teacher though . 
  edit : how can i forget the epitome of english class a decade ago , educating rita . 
  the report can be found [ here ] ( https://www2.deloitte.com/uk/en/pages/international-markets/articles/power-up.html ) . 
  a very interesting report . 
  i would highly recommend reading it . 
  has good news and bad news ( the title obviously being one of the bad ones ) . 
  the link between sectors with high amounts of eu migrants and high potential for automation is striking . 
  yep , provisional is treated the same as a full license for id . 
  it 's what everyone i knew immediately got at 16 . 
  if you are of age to buy a lottery ticket ( 16 ) you are of age to get a driving license . 
  a provisional you can get slightly before your 16th birthday . 
  all you need to do is go online and pay ~ # 30 . 
  yes , it does come with drawbacks however . 
  for example if the fta between the eu and japan is completed , it will also apply to turkey . 
  it will then be upto japan alone if they want the same rules to apply to turkey exports coming into their country . 
  they can refuse and the turks can not do anything about it . 
  so if its an area which you are competitive in , third countries who have a deal with the eu can avoid a deal with you but you will still need to treat their goods duty free . 
   third countries with which the eu has concluded ftas sometimes refuse to conclude ftas with turkey . 
  consequently , turkish firms have not received automatic reciprocal access to those markets while imports from these countries can enter turkey duty-free by way of trade deflection via the eu . 
  [ source ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/neighbourhood-enlargement/sites/near/files/pdf/financial_assistance/phare/evaluation/2014/20140403-evaluation-of-the-eu-turkey-customs-union.pdf ), 
  as delhousse explains above , full jurisdiction over the rights and privledgs of eu citizens by the ecj is what is wanted . 
  that is what is being argued as absurd . 
   second , in principle , it is hard to justify that eu migrants , through the maintaining of many european regulations , will become some sort of a super-privileged caste in the future uk ( as will the uk migrants in the eu member states ) . 
  the country will thus become some kind of new 1930 shanghai , where the eu citizens will benefit from multiple privileges ( the more so if the european court of justice keeps a full jurisdiction ) . 
  this whole ecj thing has to be a bluff surely ? 
  they ca n't seriously be expecting european citizens to have one set of laws for themselves answerable only to a third ( and eventually foreign ) court while the rest of the country has another system of laws ? 
  i 'm not going to rehash all the arguments but dehousse , the former ecj judge , puts it best [ here ] ( http://www.egmontinstitute.be/publication_article/eu-exaggerating-in-its-demands-for-brexit/ ) . 
  not terribly offensive no . 
  it has to be bugger i think . 
   if i had three words to sum up why we had to get out of europe , they would be : jean-claude juncker . 
  he 's a little jumped up luxemb **** r who 's never really had a proper job . '' its funny . 
  but i 've been wondering what you can put in the censored part . 
  edit : bugger ... i should 've noticed . 
  its not really about retaining anything anymore , its about supervision . 
  the threat of we will forcefully relocate clearing houses is just that , a threat . 
  it would even open them to legal challenges but most importantly , its hazardous for eurozone banks which are still weak . 
  especially in core countries like italy , and even db in germany . 
  the commission realises this and has only ever used it as a threat , their ultimate goal is supervision . 
  here you go :  the initial relief in the city of london was palpable this week . 
  in a long-awaited decision , authorities in brussels stopped short of demanding that the eu becomes home to the business of clearing euro-denominated derivatives once britain leaves . 
   shares of the london stock exchange group , the owner of lch , the city 's largest clearing house , have risen 7 per cent over the past two days as it welcomed eu proposals that appeared less aggressive than feared in trying to grab the $ 900bn of notional euro-denominated derivatives processed in the uk capital each day . 
   a clearing house stands between two parties in a derivatives trade , ensuring that any contagion is contained should one of the sides default . 
  their clout in the derivatives market , which investors and companies use to hedge everything from interest rates to currency risk , has ballooned since the financial crisis . 
   following the uk 's vote for brexit , the clearing industry has also become one of the touchstones of britain 's future relationship with the eu as it goes to the heart of the question of regulatory sovereignty in markets .
