  they are , if it impacts them they will do so . 
  look around you for a minute and find out how many european countries actually send soldiers abroad in the past 20 years , you will be surprised at the number if you think we are living in a non interventionist continent and in each and every example , they have the free agency not to ( just as germany/austria etc always do ) but they instead decide its in their interests to send soldiers . 
  thats also why this article explicitly mentions using force in africa and the middle east . 
  if there is a defence union , there is by far enough support in europe for intervention when our interests are involved . 
   bit of superiority complex there , no shame in admiting it is it though ? 
  its implying countries that are poorer have better 4g , so we should be able to do it and its not an issue of cost and its feasible to improve it . 
  thats just facts to be honest . 
  it doesnt mean one country is better than the other , its about economics . 
  i dont think there is anything wrong with recognising that especially when feasibility is important to your report . 
  if the us has the best of * x * , i doubt a report would be willing to say lets improve * x * to their level , they are a richer country and its probably unfeasible . 
   the majority of nations in europe simply never developed that view because they never were great or even global powers in the modern age . 
  apologies for the lateness in my reply . 
  but i will have to seriously disagree here . 
  the operation in libya is a perfect example , there are plenty of european countries that have that view . 
  remember libya was not a us-led operation , it was led by france and the uk . 
  so the poland-iraq example ( which i do agree with ) doesnt hold here . 
  which would beg the question why did so many countries get involved if they dig that interpretation ? 
  romania , spain , denmark , netherlands , sweden , belgium , greece , italy etc i can go on ... i think thats naivety to believe that states dont have that `` view '' . 
  most states in the world werent global powers but that doesnt mean they dont understand the use of power in international relations and using it to further your own goals . 
  the small european states included . 
  a little more maybe . 
  more like very loose and easy regulation to attract people in the beginning so they clear it there rather then in more efficient places . 
  then you need to create a clearing house company like lch , they should be able to clear all currencies and have a lot of liquidity . 
  probably give them tax incentives so they can pass any savings to the consumers which may reduce the cost of inefficiencies . 
  the only problem i think that maybe its state aid and the major financial centres would respond appropriately . 
  you dont want to give the us any incentive to start favouring its own institutions , everyone would be a loser from that . 
  it doesnt work like that . 
  you cant make it cheaper by fragmenting it . 
  clearing is useful on when you have a central location with large liquidity that clears many different currencies . 
  clearing operations wont follow because it would be more expensive to only clear euros in the nicely designated place the eu wants and other currencies elsewhere . 
  the euro does not live in a bubble of its own . 
  the efficiencies are efficiencies of scale at work here and the only places that have this capacity and efficiency are ny and london . 
  so remove clearing from either you would need to force the issue as the market wont do it willingly . 
  if you force it , you are then limiting eu banks to clear euros in the eu while everyone else does what they want . 
  yes , but germany is incredibly distinct from most nations around the world . 
  you have the baggage of both wars , you were a de-facto occupied power for most of the post war period dealing with the moral issues regarding a massive genocide committed by your own military complex . 
  that 's a combination that 's unique to germany and it impacts the german public worldview . 
  it doesnt mean its relevant to most nations because its not , in some sense germany is alone with maybe japan in this ( japan is changing though ... ) . 
  this is not the case for the large majority of countries . 
  if you ask india , china , korea , denmark , australia , canada etc you will get a different answer . 
  there are times when military power is needed for a nations interests ( whether its an abstract ideal like genocide prevention or keeping sea lanes open for trade to entering military conflicts ) . 
  furthering interests do not necessarily mean things like the iraq war . 
  the mali intervention by france or the uk intervention in sierra leone are both examples of military interventions that furthered our interests abroad but were not done on the basis of deceit . 
  besides the point , any country if it has the capability will act to further its interests abroad . 
  if greece had the capability to further its interests abroad , it would do so . 
  its not imperialism , its statecraft . 
  not really vice-versa though . 
  if it needs to act it will , most likely outside this defence union . 
  probably alongside the uk which they share close military cooperation and shared interests abroad . 
  so in one sense , the defence union of its neighbours is limited by the amount of french engagement , but french engagement abroad is not limited by the union . 
  win-win for france i think . 
  because its not like they can stop euro clearing in london , let alone force it to only stay in the eurozone . 
   foreign affairs committee chairman elmar brok ( epp ) called it a `` coalition of the willing '' . 
  he told euractiv.de that a decision should not need `` all 27 countries '' and that if states do not want to participate , `` those who want to , can '' . 
  so if france doesnt want to do something then any prospective expeditionary engagement is over before it starts . 
  what 's understated ? 
  it 's position in the list ? 
   it is hard to ignore the statements from various politicians -- indeed labour party mps -- which affirm that prejudice towards non-native dutchmen is still very much alive . 
  are such statements punishable by law ? 
  at the present moment : yes . 
  is the law applied equally to everyone ? 
  no , and that is exactly the problem of wilders ' trial . 
  im not dutch , can you give an example ? 
  what have these mp 's said that is similar to what wilders said ? 
  they went with surveygizmo because its cheap and simple to use . 
  there is european software for this , in fact some of the best is european , but its more complex ( you need specific hires to work it ) and more expensive . 
   well circumstances have changed a little , we 're living in a time were liberal democracy is fundamentally under attack and many people on the extreme fringes will proclaim that and this is why we dont have opposition in the eu parliament ? 
  or maybe its a consequence of not having opposition and no one really opposing the commission besides the extreme fringes ? 
  ( i see your point and i dont know the answer , but i believe the current situation makes it worse not better )  this has already happened . 
  it has never happened in the bundestag . 
  or are we are discussing something else ? 
   fighting for voters in the middle is a good thing . 
  they dont , though . 
  thats my problem . 
  if i am a centrist voter , and i dont agree with a lot of what the commission does , who can i vote for ? 
  no one . 
  the centre is the commission . 
  the right is the commission . 
  the left is the commission . 
  so its to the fringes i go . 
   concerning the eu , it 's actually not designed at all to be a truly democratic institution . 
  it actually is more of a technocratic organisation that manages and reduces friction . 
  turning it into a parliamentary democracy would mean delegating substantial amount of sovereignty up and nobody is willing to do that . 
  especially the smaller countries would be completely lose influence . 
  i dont agree , i dont think thats an excuse for them . 
  i think its pretty much almost there as a parliament . 
  there are a few things that it cant do but they are understandable and i dont think diminish its ability to do quite a lot of things that parliaments do , like scrutinising legislation ( which according to this article is also becoming problematic ) or scrutinising the executive . 
  they can do both already . 
   you 're promoting a dog-eat-dog vision of politics where people need to constantly fight each other . 
  sounds exciting but produces bad results . 
  pragmatic governance that moves slowly , but steadily forward is a little more boring but produces arguably better results . 
  i am not though , am i ? 
  i am not even against coalitions . 
  i am just simply asking for an effective opposition to the commission . 
  for most of germany 's modern history , that was also the case . 
  and the european parliament is actually a more extreme example then the current grand coalition in the bundestag . 
  because it has the full political spectrum in it . 
  it would be like if ( in the past of course ) you added the fdp , spd and csu into one coalition . 
  you have your three major groups working together . 
  that has never happened in german history and probably wont ever because of the concerns with it ( a more modern example is you added the greens i guess to the current coalition , in any case i think you see my point ) .
