  but the board almost always seeks consensus . 
  they hate the imbalanced current account deficit ( so does the eu as well ) but where obama and the eu use dialogue , these guys are just gung-ho . 
  the interesting thing is they can screw germany through greece far easier then in any other way possible . 
  currently its fine , but what she is trying to do is to call for another referendum in the near future . 
  the problem is she can call for a referendum ( and carry it out ) on anything including independence . 
  but it wont be legally binding unless westminster agrees to it ( see edinburgh agreement 2012 ) . 
  its unlikely the tories will agree to it , so she can have a full blown `` tories are not listening to the scottish people '' once they refuse and maybe then even carry out a non-binding referendum ( like the brexit one ) regardless . 
  whatever the result of that , it will raise a whole host of questions and problems . 
  the other scenarios are she get agreement for a referendum or she decides in the end not to go down that route . 
  indeed , it just didnt get as much traction as it does now because current events are pushing in that direction . 
  i dont consider schauble a federalist though , he 's a german politican and when in the eu he defends germany interests , not the eu 's ( if they are contradictory ) . 
  after boris and his prosecco , this move towards boozy brexit analogies has my vote . 
   you order a round of beer , but then you can not leave while the party continues ; you still need to pay for the round you ordered when you order a round of beer , you pay at the bar . 
  if you leave early , you would have already paid but you would have not drunk all the beer ... maybe he means ordering for all your friends on a tab , and then leaving before paying the tab ? 
  hah , true . 
  although i would say it is becoming more widely spoken about , i mean merkel came out recently saying multi-speed europe is the solution and that members will take different steps into integration over the next decade . 
  effectively opening up member states to abandon ever closer union on all fronts . 
  thats a scenario that we would not have imagined before . 
  i was watching this a few weeks ago and schulz going mad ( 40:00 ) at rutte is one of the funniest moments in davos . 
  he was visibly trying to keep calm . 
  hahaha . 
  he doesnt seem exactly composed when his favourite thing is threatened and dismissed ( ever closer union is no more ) . 
  i wonder if this is a character trait and how it will affect the german election ( debates ? ) . 
  and to be fair to rutte , he 's been saying that for years . 
  but it looks like current events are winning his argument for him , that must depress schulz . 
  if you read the actual article , you will know its a scheme created by the un that the uk has decided to also help fund . 
  it aims to get richer countries to help poorer countries support refugees . 
  you can find out more [ here ] ( http://reporting.unhcr.org/node/15495 ) . 
   to begin with , the principle of self-determination is fairly sacrosanct in europe . 
  giving a defensive war , even for an overseas territory , as an example simply is n't a grey area , it 's a clear cut invasion of territory against popular will . 
  a lot of countries feel very strongly about that . 
  all i am saying is war is never clear cut . 
  the falklands were an invasion , and it took considerable cajoling and effort to get some sanctions in place to protect the sacrosanct principle of self determination . 
  it would have been impossible to convince other members to put in soldiers or money . 
  maybe that will change in the future but seeing the bitter struggle on greece , were even the relieving of debt is so horrid to many national lawmakers , we cant even be amicable about money how will that get better if we add lives to it ? 
  i think basic starting line here is for you are not willing to spend money to save greece from dropping into third world living standards ( excuse the hyperbole , but you get the point ) , then you really are not about to send money and your own soldiers lives for an insignificant island on the other side of the world . 
  well naturally the need is for a structure of some sort , the problems here are political not theoretical . 
  we know the structures that need to exist , their just isnt the will or the trust , to give them that power . 
   besides - now you need the approval of two parliaments to go to war ... not the worst idea . 
  it does become a bad idea when one side decides its not going to spill blood and treasure for another countries national interest hundreds of miles away . 
  so for example , say venezuela takes a dark turn and decides to take over the other constituent countries of the kingdom . 
  or the dutch now need to keep a large force stationed permanently to deter these threats . 
  should the germans be able to veto this because they are in charge of the tanks or the jet fighters needed for the islands defence ? 
  maybe some lawmakers in germany may decide negotiations are better done first , or that economic/political considerations necessitate a less militaristic response or that these vestiges of colonialism should just be forgotten and ignored . 
  to stop this becoming a possibility there would need to be structures in place that mean that regardless of what is considered a countries interest , its military wont be inhibited by european cooperation . 
  that it can still call upon it when its own internal democratic structures require its use . 
  as far as i am aware , that question still hasnt been answered . 
  so its probably better to do down the route of pooling resources to get standardised weapons , rather then specialisation for now . 
  since when is a backbench mps interview on radio a negotiating tactic ? 
  a man who has never been in government , doesnt look likely to be in government , nor take any role in negotiations says something on radio . 
  why should it not simply be considered jenkins stupid opinion and not indicative of some overall negotiation position ? 
  he didnt mention masters btw , he said `` what you 've got is a maltese prime minister who 's anxious to scoop for his tiny little island some of the spoils that he believes will fall out of brexit '', 
   really ? 
  when did london become this center ? 
  because in my memory not that long ago ( 1990s ) new york was more important for these sort of deals . 
  i think this claim is wildly speculative , as would be claiming that the financial industry will shrivel . 
  you misunderstood , its a global financial centre , this is not saying its the only one that exists although there is only one other that is of comparable level . 
  ny is likely to be the premier centre , although there will be opportunities to continue to try and take that crown but there are centre especially in asia like singapore that will be a interesting competition in the coming decades as well . 
  the point is , its not that many at the top , and to get their there is a whole legal , financial , consulting , regulatory , technical etc ecosystem . 
  for example that deal is being in written in common law , because common law is the business standard for writing legal financial contracts . 
  there are a variety of good reasons for this , a lot to do with the strong nature of its buisness laws . 
  hence a lot of major financial centres also happen to use common law , ny , london , singapore , hong kong . 
  that is an example of what i mean by ecosystem , and its very important when talking in a global context . 
  but i am not saying its the only global financial centre . 
   i mean the british financial institutions are n't in a particularly great situation either . 
   anyway , we will see what happens with deal . 
  not sure what speculation will bring . 
  maybe the uk will manage and maybe many companies did n't settle in london because of access to the single-market . 
  maybe they never really cared about the biggest economic unit in the world . 
  and maybe they do . 
  the uk banks are healthy , they are not about to collapse like the italian banking sector is close too , nor having the significant problems affecting deutsche bank . 
  relatively , they are okay . 
  eurozone banks are continually having issues with low profitibility and they very much need capital , causing a situation that doesnt meet those needs but makes it more expensive is not ideal . 
  the eu is a big market , buts its shrinking when looked at its proportion of the global economy . 
  however your perfectly right that its a large economy , which is why they do care . 
  hence you see things like mifid ii and the complex agreements already in place and no doubt more will come into place . 
  these will all be limiting the impact of brexit . 
  seems like a deliberately written loophole was caught onto by the media . 
  brilliant name though , is there a reason its given that name ? 
  would it be possible to get a translation of the 4 graphics that show how the arrangement works ? 
  the annex shows equivalence decision on one article of mifid 2 related to assessing the suitability of clients . 
  the main articles of mifid 2 relating to financial institutions have some passporting rules in all but name . 
  for example , mifid 2 means you cant have passporting for retail banks . 
  so barclays would need to open a branch in germany to sell a mortgage to homeowners in germany . 
  but for professional clients , as long as there is equivalence its open to do business . 
  so goldman sachs is fine , as most of these investment banks in london are not retail banks . 
  this is a good [ summary graphic ] ( http://alphafmc.com/wp-content/uploads/mifid2.png ) . 
  as is the whole [ article ] ( http://alphafmc.com/views/the-potential-loss-of-passporting-and-its-impact-on-distribution-to-the-eu-mifid/ ) . 
  its complex and lot of it is misunderstood by the general public ( including reddit ) but what will happen will be similar as shown above with mifid ii branch passports . 
  there will be access given to institutions and parts of the financial system while others will lose out on that access . 
  its not going to be the same access as before , as there are defintely places where the eurozone institutions would need to monitor , but there will still be a relatively free flow of capital for professional clients and i think 10 years down the line london will still be the eu 's financial centre . 
  unless ny or singapore being third party countries as well get in on the action and gain certain equivalence like london . 
  what you have to bear in mind is london is basically 3 interlinked but distinct financial centres , its a domestic uk financial centre and the impact from brexit to this depends on the impact on the wider uk economy . 
  its the eu financial centre , and this is where the most damage can be had from brexit , but with mifid ii and the eu recognising its not a good idea to injure its already weak financial institutions and banks , this is going in the direction of accommodation . 
  and lastly its a global centre of finance , this wont be impacted a whole lot by brexit , the risks to that status come from places like ny and other global centres e.g. 
  recently russia state oil company privatised a bunch of its assets , it was bought by qatar/singapore investors , this deal was drawn and written up in london . 
  if it goes south , they will be suing in british courts . 
  this financial ecosystem wont change much because of brexit . 
  its actually because mifid ii is coming into force . 
  passporting regulation in table 1 comes from mifid i.
