  the wont have a legal obligation to uphold any of those payments , unlike the already agreed commitments to the eu that schauble is mentioning in the article . 
  indeed the uk will probably have to continue upholding its financial agreements in the end . 
  but on the same note of financial agreements , the eu will be forced to compensate all of its trading partners that they have trade agreements with , because these trade agreements were signed with an eu community of 507 million people and not 443 million . 
  considering the size of the uk economy and its tendency to trade widely with the rest of the world , the compensation for the loss of the benefits to these trading partners will probably be significant . 
  hopefully once the posturing is all over , everyone will see some sense and come to some sort of compromise that limits these impacts . 
  i am sorry but i will have to disagree with a few points here . 
   they all revolted with the will of foreign powers without a national sense of `` belonging '' and `` fraternity '' . 
  so , the countries they declared when they left ottoman empire were `` artificial '' . 
  thats not how it played out . 
  they had a clear sense of arab nationalism and clear purpose in making an arab state from the very beginning when they were going into their revolts . 
  however this was the era of colonialism . 
  they revolted with our help in the hopes that they will be able to create a unified and single arab nation . 
  we ( the british and our gaulic bffs ) conspired differently . 
  we had no interest in ceding control of these potential new and important territories . 
  what resulted is the sykes-picot agreement . 
  the most famous and well known `` secret '' agreement on the arab streets today . 
  we then broke apart this nationalist unification movement and begin doing what has always worked , divide and conquer . 
  as lawrence of arabia put it after he helped set up these revolts , `` we asked them to fight on the basis of a lie '' . 
  that lie can be seen in the mcmahon-hussein correspondence . 
  we were in control and we made it clear we would never give them their desire of a unified nation . 
  we would then promote our allies as the heads of these new lines and entities we created , as long as they were happy being the lord of this strip of land and keep in check those who are contrary to our interests . 
  you can see there need and desire for a unified state playing out in a islamic conference in the 1930 's when they declared the following : the arab countries form an integral and indivisible whole . 
  hence the arab nation does not accept or recognize the divisions of whatever nature to which it has been subjected . 
  all efforts in every arab country are to be directed towards the achievement of total independence within one single unity . 
  every endeavor which confines political activities to local or regional issues is to be fought against . 
  since colonialism is , in all its forms and manifestations , incompatible with the dignity and paramount aims of the arab nation , the arab nation rejects it and will resist it with all the means at its disposal . 
  you also said they `` declared '' these countries , thats not the case . 
  those straight lines were never the result of arab thinking . 
  jordan is the perfect example of a country that really should n't exist . 
  the king of jordan 's family were basically the mayors ( sultans ) of mecca going back to the beginning of islam . 
  they also happened to be our best allies ( even after we double crossed them specifically ) . 
  once they were kicked out by the saudis ( we were completely uninterested in controlling a useless dessert , which we would regret when the american would later find oil there in 1938 ) . 
  we took their prince and gave him transjordan , and then took the other one and gave him iraq . 
  one of them still holds power today , and the other fell as a consequence of arab nationalist unification . 
   it was not much of a problem during the first few decades but later on when you do not develop a national sense of belonging to your people and land , you just find yourself vulnerable to political instability when `` foreign powers '' come for your oil and resources . 
  that ` s why ( in my opinion ) they are all finding themselves in civil wars . 
  here i agree with you but from a slightly different angle , they do have these problems but because the nations are a simulated construct , the borders are facade , the leaders were/are puppets . 
  what are these nations founding mythologies ? 
  take jordan again , it was not its own eylat ( province ) of the ottomans . 
  the lines were drawn , and the man who lived in liverpool today is now a different national then his sibling in manchester , ruled by a king that has never lived anywhere nearby but is from devon . 
  then you are told you are all one people , and those outside the lines are not , who tells you this ? 
  the guys who have been controlling and coercing you from the beginning . 
  what kind of convincing national myth can there be here ? 
  to add to all of this , the people above you are repressive and depending no the country , either slightly or completely authoritarian . 
  no wonder there is civil war . 
  going to the main issue of the caliphate , i agree with the previous poster , it should n't have been destroyed but kept . 
  it keeps continuity for the religion and there are plenty of times in history when the caliph was figurehead . 
  or in the complete opposite sense was a political position but a religious figurehead and could not get involved in religious affairs . 
  either could have been continued in some enclave somewhere , like the abbasids in cairo were . 
  i think the world would have been much different if the custodians of the two holiest sites in islam were not the saudi royal family ( which by connection legitimised their own brand of islam ) . 
  we will also make sure to continue not helping them unify and continue to keep them in these borders . 
  if anything this has been the wests main goal in the me . 
  we can not accept a unified arab state as that state would become a regional hegemon that would have a disproportionate amount of influence the oil market ( 50 % control ) and by extension global affairs . 
  with a single order that hypothetical nation could cause chinese economic growth to grind to a complete halt . 
  that 's too much power . 
  his argument is basically its not an existential threat and should n't be treated as such . 
  however because fear-mongering and threat escalation is a well worn tool in political discourse , it makes it easier to then manipulate the public to agree to things they may never have otherwise . 
  case in point is the illiberal surveillance policies . 
  he obviously means it in the sense they were once run by the french , and in the french sphere of influence . 
  it 's just means white brits who are naturally heavily involved in all parts of the drug trade in the uk . 
  those statistics are regarding people caught for commerical cannabis crimes . 
  the vietnamese do not control the cannabis trade , what they have is a large presence in is cannabis growing . 
  they are the greenhouse in a sense . 
  but you will never see a street dealer from vietnam , they do n't go that far down the supply chain . 
  they are not really involved in distribution either . 
  if you follow the process from growing to cleansing to distributing to selling to large dealers who then give it to street dealers , you have many links and from that whole they are mainly involved in the first . 
  cannabis growing is incredibly widespread and when you have ~ 6k arrests a year as the report says , it 's not able to give you a wide snapshot . 
  because the person being arrested are usually the small scale local dealers who have an attic or a house in the suburbs . 
  more often then not these are white brits , hence the huge number of `` norther european '' . 
  also it does n't give a snapshot of who owns the greenhouse . 
  you can arrest five asians , a vietnamese and two white brits but you wo n't know which ethnic group is in control . 
  arrests wo n't give you a good snapshot of the market . 
  the police themselves do n't rely on it too much either , they know anecdotally who runs what . 
  lastly , like any other business , location matters . 
  nationally the police could arrest 10k people growing cannabis . 
  but the people growing in the small towns do n't matter in the overall scheme of things because the money is made in the big cities . 
  if you control most of the growing in london , birmingham , manchester and a few key cities , you are making the vast majority of the money . 
  you control he trade and it does n't matter that small town police have been raiding a small local dealers growing house . 
  here are some articles about it . 
  this has been going on for a decade or so now . 
  [ 2005 - guardian article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2005/sep/11/ukcrime.drugsandalcohol ) [ 2007 - guardian article mentions how the gangs are expanding out of london ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2007/mar/13/drugsandalcohol.drugs ) [ 2007 - bbc , explains how the vietnamese do so well and that they control 60 % of cannabis supply ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7152709.stm ) [ 2011 - aljazeera documentary related to it ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/peopleandpower/2011/07/201172795838377646.html ), 
   modern slavery and trafficking ` in every uk town and city ' - bbc news of course , because from the smallest town to the largest city you can now find roma and with them you tend to get problems with trafficking . 
  although i think its important to note , even though its severe issue we are still talking about a few thousand cases . 
    people from eastern europe , vietnam and nigeria were the most common victims brought to the uk , mr kerr said . 
  if anyone is curious about vietnam , its because of cannabis . 
  all of the uk cannabis is grown in the uk ( apparently a net exporter now ) , this has only recently been the case ( ~ 15 years ) and a big reason for this is because the vietnamese have taken over the market . 
  the vietnamese control cannabis production in the uk , and they use children smuggled into the country to run these factories . 
  there is not a lot of immigration to the uk from vietnam , especially compared to france and germany . 
  however if you browse the missing kids uk website , you will notice the amount of [ young vietnamese on there ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-22903511 ) is very large for 0.1 % of the population . 
  the eu stated that spain has to agree before any part of the agreement applies in gibraltar . 
  that has not changed . 
  spain have just clarified that they will not block it applying to gibraltar even if sovereignty is not part of the agreement . 
  that last bit was not clarified before and did cause some acrimony at the beginning of the year . 
  i wonder if this is related to catalonia . 
  one overriding foreign policy objective of the spanish government is de-legitimising catalonia internationally . 
  margallo , the former foreign minster said it before :  jos\u00e9 manuel garc\u00eda margallo , who was foreign affairs minister between 2011 and 2016 , said specific instructions were given to ambassadors and consuls at weekly meetings over five years for them to close the door on the catalan independence question . 
  he told the programme el cascabel ( the bell ) : `` the catalans have recognised ... that internationally they 've lost , but nobody knows the effort it has cost , and the favours that we owe to a whole bunch of people for getting them to make the declarations that they made . ''  margallo said that normally , when asked to talk about events in another country , officials would say : `` look , this is an internal matter , figure it out yourself . 
  do n't make me give an important statement on this topic . ''  he added that the work had taken much time and energy : `` i was in the baltic countries four times , and it is not that we have particular economic interests there , but rather that we have the subject of catalonia and the baltic way . 
   `` i have been to canada , to the vatican i do n't how many times ... this takes up an enormous amount of energy . '' so in the wake of the catalonia referendum this october , i wonder if this is a part of it . 
  afterall , [ spanish diplomats ] ( http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/spanish-diplomats-uneasy-with-catalan-debate-group-at-westminster/ ) did come to politely give their opinion to mp 's in london when they created the debating group on catalonia a few months ago .
