  that 's a worrying trend because the same idiots on the uk side will want nothing more . 
  the only losers in this are the innocent people caught in the middle , and idiots from the major players ( germany , uk , france ) to be honest could n't care less . 
  its either not their citizens , or not their voters anyway . 
   your but you 're canadian . 
  i seem to be repeating myself . 
   i understand the need for not making an explicit promise , but actually arguing that it should be a negotiating chip ? 
  the above is what we are discussing , not pre-negotiations or backroom deals . 
  no comment is arguing for either . 
  its about the revelation that migrants are now bargaining chips from people on the german side of the brexit negotiation . 
  it was the hope that the saner voices in the uk will dampen down that rhetoric here , which they successfully have done but now its rearing its head over there . 
  its not an opinion , its an unnamed source . 
  if you read the article at the beginning it states them as `` three people familiar with the matter '' . 
  the whole article is based on those 3 unnamed sources close to merkel . 
  the sources are the ones who said they actually had a meeting , what they discussed , what the german position is etc. 
  either you trust politico , and you believe its sources or you dont . 
  but thats besides the point as this is basic journalism . 
  unnamed sources are unnamed or left anonymous for a lot of reasons . 
  most of the political reporting we get in europe comes from unnamed sources . 
  so this is not just a journalist writing his own opinions but its how journalism works . 
   given the fact that most likely the agreement will need to be signed by all the members , that statement is true for any other country . 
  they have to discuss the two communities and its impact . 
  either that can be done amicably or it can be used as a bargaining chip . 
  if its used as a bargaining chip , how can you stop that ? 
  you cant . 
  there is no veto on whats allowed to be negotiated . 
  if the germans begin negotiating on it , what can poland do ? 
  nothing . 
  they either sign the final deal or not . 
  your point is correct , poland can turn around and use another aspect of the negotiations as a bargaining chip too . 
  the only recourse is the states negotiate with themselves , and from what history seem to teach us , when it comes to member states negotiating about vital issues , the germans more often than not tends to win . 
  you must have missed it , david davis , the minister in charge of brexit has already unilaterally declared that for the majority . 
  any eu migrant here for more than 5 years , can stay regardless of what the negotiations bring about . 
  so if you came two years ago , by the time brexit hits you can stay in the uk indefinitely regardless of the negotiations . 
  that covers the biggest chunk of eu nationals in the uk . 
  his full quote :  ` it 's a legal right , if you 've been here five years you have indefinite leave to remain anyway , and if you 've been here six years you can be a citizen if you want to . 
  in fact , if anybody in the audience has been here two and a half years by the time we leave they 'll have been here five years and so there 's no risk to them . '  we have no intention of deporting people or treating people who , through no fault of their own , are here during the middle of a transition to their own country , but what we have to do is also keep in mind the rights of british citizens abroad and so we 'll fix the whole thing together and i 'm absolutely 100 per cent sure we 'll be able to do that and there will be no difficulty for anybody . ' so the only thing stopped them from saying absolutely everybody , is that there is no reciprocity on the eu side . 
  but both sides seemed to recognise that they should not use migrants as bargaining chips . 
  liam fox was absolutely chastised for saying that . 
  in both the right and left wing press . 
  it was seen as coarse and lacking in empathy . 
  thats why david davis had to make clear the above statements . 
  it hasnt been brought up again especially as polls showed the public did not agree with liam fox . 
  but it seems the feeling is actually mutual by some on both negotiating sides , so the twats in the uk and the twats in the eu think its all well and good to use migrants as bargaining chips . 
  the appalling thing is that its now not just the extreme position by outspoken idiots , but it seems like it could be a policy . 
  it was stated as a sweetener , so it will be a framework advantageous to the british so they can back off on something else . 
  i dont see how making it advantageous to the british will be in spains interest . 
  they would want a fair deal , not a sweetened one . 
  that alone implies the german position on it was not one of trying to find a fair deal between britain and spain/poland etc , but bribing it . 
  whats horrible is that the tories will then use that `` deal '' as an excuse to make life harder for eu migrants in the uk . 
  thats fair enough but thats not the point . 
  if you read the quote its about using those rights as a bargaining chip and not about pre-negotiation . 
  you can have a situation in which both sides do not have pre-negotiations but recognise that they wont use both communities as human bargaining chips and needlessly destroy lives . 
  its basic empathy for those people who are caught in the middle . 
  merkel caring is also relevant . 
  when the negotiations get `` painful '' , its not the commission or mep 's who will call the shots . 
  but the leaders of the member nations , and the paramount leader is merkel . 
  if the germans say it will be a bargaining chip , there is little others can do to stop them . 
  and lastly , they are explicitly saying it wont be agreed `` next day '' . 
  it wont be agreed at all , but it will be used when things are tough in the negotiations to try and help the eu negotiating position . 
  so they will use those people as bargaining chips . 
   the germans argue it makes more sense for the eu to keep the trade-off on british expatriates ' rights up its sleeve as a sweetener during the most painful phase of the negotiations , likely to occur in 2018 . 
  this is horrendous . 
  i mean come on , i thought everyone understood its best to make sure both expatriate communities are not unduly affected . 
  it does no one any favours . 
  i understand the need for not making an explicit promise , but actually arguing that it should be a negotiating chip ? 
  it looks like merkel does n't really care , after all its not like it will be a many german citizens that will be unduly impacted . 
  we 'll be going down a dangerous route once this is used as a negotiating chip , i genuinely fear what the tories will come up with in revenge to the millions of eu citizens living comfortably here . 
  the time constraint is on both sides . 
  if the eu ca n't internally agree on its own position , then the frustration from within will turn on the eu . 
  it would also mean no negotiated hard brexit . 
  `` no deal '' is worse than hard brexit for businesses and markets . 
  hard brexit although bad for everyone , we still know what it will entail . 
  there would be structure . 
  no deal ( which is n't hard brexit ) means no one will know what 's going on , or what happens . 
  that uncertainty will kill european growth , and be more damaging than hard brexit . 
  trust in the eu by the business world will plummet . 
  in the end , it would be the eu unable to decide within itself , again . 
  no negotiated deal is never discussed as no one seriously thinks it will come to that . 
  if that was turning out to be likely , we would get an interim arrangement . 
  but as one german mp said , an interim agreement might be good enough for the brits to sleep in . 
  also , i doubt we are triggering article 50 if it 's possible there would be no deal at the end . 
  the deadline that was proposed was i think to shut people up . 
  i think we will reach the deadline and then postpone it again . 
  if the eu negotiates from a united position , there is no lee-way to make any compromises . 
  as you wont get any traction with any state and you can only negotiate with the block as a singular . 
  this is why there is no pre-negotiations , a united brexit policy , constant media declarations of brexit unity and unanimity between the 27 states . 
  the real fear of the eu is not unrealistic demands or hard brexit , its the member states being disunited in their brexit approach . 
  once that happens , the commission is shut out and the nation states will begin bargaining . 
  that is also precisely what the uk should want . 
  if the eu negotiates from a position of disunity , there is plenty of space for compromises that are advantageous , precisely because of what you mentioned . 
  any country can veto , so any bad deals/idea can be vetoed by those you got onto your side . 
  as both sides recognise nothing will progress but a deal needs to be done , they begin compromising rather than taking a strict stance . 
  its in this grey area of compromise that the goal lies . 
  she talked about security more than economics or anything else . 
  so it begins ... * may walks into foreign office * * picks up large dusty volume * * blows dust off * * reads the title : dividing europe 101 * ... lets see how far we can go this time around . 
   acemo\u011flu added that economic development is highly correlated to press freedom . 
  `` for long-term development , transparency , openness , comprehensiveness and competitiveness are crucial . 
  it is very hard to provide that in places where there is no press freedom . 
  that use to be the conventional wisdom but the landscape is changing . 
  a lot of examples to the contrary , like the asian authoritarian capitalist states .
