  the public want more spending on the nhs ( like the brexit bus implied ) not opening it up to private companies . 
   it is a big reason why britts take out private insurances in spain the biggest reason above that , is because they have too otherwise they are not covered . 
   but if 51st state aspirations run so high that ( such ) a democratically elected leader as may has her questions answered for her by an american orange harlet that sleeps with the russians , and all of this is supposed to be ` diplomacy ' . 
  what are you talking about answered questions ? 
  what does that have to do with spanish healthcare ? 
  pensioners are covered , but if you are are an early retiree ( i.e. 
  less than the official retirement age of 65 or something ) then you are not . 
  it also includes everyone else , so if i go to spain now ( i am under the retirement age ! ), 
  i will need private insurance besides stuff covered by emergencies ( which the ehic would work with ) . 
  the only time i get to use the spanish healthcare system is if i am working in spain and paying spanish taxes to fund the system , as its a contributions based system . 
  its why the other posted mentioned that the british expats in spain are not really a high priority for the government . 
  they are almost basically funding themselves at this point . 
   how is that taking back control and going your own way ? 
  it 's literally seeing what brussels decides and then following suit . 
  not really . 
  the choices are either the uk unilaterally makes a choice regarding eu citizens staying or it waits until it can sit down and negotiate with the eu . 
  doing the first one , while nice , is not in the interests of the country . 
  until there is reassurances that uk citizens will be given reciprocal deals , then the uk cant offer the same guarantee , it will be a dereliction of duty to its citizens abroad . 
  if the uk did make a unilateral decision , once the negotiations began , the eu could easily play hardball . 
  as there own citizens are protected , eastern states wont pressure countries like spain to reach a fair agreement . 
  they can easily for example add a provision that means that for example they wont cover healthcare reciprocally , or provide the same care eu citizens receive here . 
  it may help their budgets to do so as well and would be an easy win . 
  in such a situation , the only choice for the uk would be to accept or to have an incredible political and reputation hit by revoking its earlier unilateral agreement . 
  it would be a catch 22 , and one that is easy to avoid by just waiting until everyone sits down . 
   labour is n't run by scots . 
  last labour cabinet had a scottish prime minister and a scottish chancellor . 
  the two most powerful positions in government . 
  as is blair for that matter , no matter how much he is disowned by the country . 
   spanish health system not covered by the nhs i havent heard of this , which procedures ? 
  i know they changed the law regarding the s1 forms , since the spanish one is contribution based and the uk one wasnt . 
  in any case , most non-pensioners in spain ( early retirees etc ) are now in private healthcare for the past few years because they cant get free healthcare . 
  that 's quite simplistic . 
  more like thatcher and de-regulation was the biggest driver of the current status of the city . 
  which is why for the first decade of single market membership , there wasnt significant changes , but a general relative world decline . 
  without the de-regulation , even with single market membership , london could have easily declined till it was reaching parity with continental centres . 
  ny would have been the sole dominant and only global financial centre . 
  empire also ended up a problem , our exchange controls and sterling area stiffed the city post ww2 . 
  there is more to it then just being part of a larger market . 
  to be fair it has been one way traffic for a while , especially with young people since the euro crisis . 
  cant fault him for trying to reverse the trend . 
  my only questions , are there jobs ? 
  do i need to speak french ? 
  urmm ... mate ... nato didnt fight in iraq . 
  where did you even get that from ? 
   i do n't know how much money you were able to earn in that endeavor , we 've been trying to cope with a cascade of civil wars and a massive influx of migrants and the occasional hateful , orthodox lunatic . 
  integration was what it was before , surely not perfect . 
  pulling shit like that , makes it impossible . 
  induces geniune hate and frustration . 
  our politicians , like always , lacked the courage to point out the elephant in the room . 
   i 'd argue the purpose and legitimacy of what nato has done , is doing and what it is supposed to do ; rather than involving in european defence policy , in which , frankly , british input or involvement is not appropriate or appreciated as of late . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you seem unnecessarily angry for some reason . 
   nor have i ever seen anybody eating one [ wat ? 
  even the keepers are at it !, 
   ideally the eu will just be an economic union with provisional cooperation in a situation that requires it . 
  stop it , you 're starting to sound british !, 
  just an fyi , this is money given by countries to nato so it can run its missions , not the defence budgets of countries . 
  it 's currently running a few ongoing missions . 
  * kosovo * indian ocean piracy * turkey/syria * afghanistan * mediterranean the money is also there to run the nato [ structure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/structure_of_nato ) . 
  i pretty much discounted it when he equated a democracy index with governance . 
  but glad to see we are on the same page !, 
  im sorry if a country of 5 million is not a real enough country for you . 
  maybe we should change the european union to a union of 16 states . 
  you also keep mentioning international worth , as if your arbitrary definition makes sense . 
  one of the biggest financial centres in the world has little international worth right ? 
  if you knew a little about developmental economics , you will know how difficult it is to develop an economy that has little resources , * especially * with a small size , as you have no significant human resources to use either ( read : you have less people , they create less things , invent less things , make less money ... so its harder unless you have natural resources like oil ) . 
  but then if you did , we probably wouldnt be having this discussion . 
  its almost like you really want it to be true that it was not a success , it plainly was . 
  so your argument against his considerable achievements , which have had books written about is a blog post by an opposition blogger ? 
  seriously ? 
  if you think all i am discussing is about money and companies , i will link to the world bank , im sorry its not a blog post  this paper highlights key features of the development of education in singapore over the last 40 years , focusing on how singapore has been able over this period to develop its education system from a level in the early 1960s quite similar to that of many african countries , to reach a level comparable to the best oecd countries . 
  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/education/resources/278200-1121703274255/1439264-1153425508901/development_edu_singapore_draft.pdf im sure you will say its also easy improving a whole countries academic performance in a generation isnt too hard either . 
  then i 'll point to it creating one of the most advanced and respected armed forces in asia , but its a small country so its easy too . 
  at the end of the day , governance is hard and its hard across the board . 
  thats why jamaica is not singapore and qatar is qatar only because of the gas . 
   and kraft did a bidding on unilever last week despite unilever being 4x as large . 
  after what they did to cadbury , the government should step in and stop it on national security concerns or something . 
  its thankfully looking less likely now . 
  sorry you misunderstood me , they could have voted for the opposition on the first day . 
  what stops people is more pernicious and subtle but its what also limits them today . 
  thats an interesting point , maybe a slow changing of the party will occur . 
  similar to how they dropped the communism part from their ideologies . 
   china still has over 600 million people who live on $ 1-2 per day , firstly they dont . 
  where did you get that figure ? 
  this [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty_in_china ) might help dispelling some myths . 
  you might be surprised to find they have conducted naval drills in the mediterranean with the russians . 
  sending your ships to the other side of the world is decent power projection , and with china , its power projection that is only growing . 
  it 's america 's full capabilities that is stopping those threats . 
  for example , they cant move anything without the pentagon knowing . 
  if they want to take it , they need to move a bunch of armoured divisions secretly across the country . 
  then the tanks . 
  then the weapons . 
  then the ammo . 
  finally the people . 
  before they move even a few armoured cars , the pentagon knows . 
  europe doesnt but it doesnt matter as and when the pentagon knows , nato knows . 
  secondly , they have the capabilities and support in germany etc to basically really limit them significantly over those three days . 
  the russians will have difficulty controlling the airspace , and will be sitting ducks . 
  with enough soldiers they can power through it but it will damage them significantly . 
  they also have the needed soldiers in germany to respond rapidly ( that 's the whole reason those soldiers are there , rapid response is difficult without ready soldiers ) .
