  a lot of dull urban housing , some old buildings , some construction , a bit of trash in the out of the way rarely seen places but the streets are clean . 
  jeez , is this really the worst he could find of london ? 
  the comments seem to be a mixture between stormfront and the daily mail . 
  i 'm guessing it looks worse to them because there are more black people than they are use too . 
  which i dont really even have a response too other than being sad for aspects of the human race . 
   i reckon that it 'll be the countries with the most to lose to the rising powers that will fight hardest for the current institutions - the southeast asian nations will have to band together vs china , and eastern europe will unite vs russia , just as south america is attempting to do vs us influence . 
  these blocs will always be begging the west to support them , and they 'll get it . 
    i do n't buy the old ` nations rise and fall ' argument - i do n't think you can compare empires and kingdoms to modern democracies . 
  countries with rule of law and strong institutions keep power simply by virtue of attracting the best and brightest from unfree countries that are trying to rise - the unfree countries are basket cases now and will continue to be until they get with the program , no matter how many tanks and media networks they control . 
  they ca n't conquer us , they ca n't afford not to trade with us , they ca n't keep their people from knowing how much better life in the west is , so they 're fucked until they finally admit the inevitability of secular liberal democracy . 
  i dont necessarily buy the fukuyaman argument but its argument that is made a lot and it does have merit . 
  the only true answer of course will be played out in time . 
  but being an `` unfree countries '' does not correlate with being a basket case . 
  authoritarian structures have been the bedrock for economic success for all the east asian economies . 
  japan with its taisho authoritarianism and its authoritarian militarisation and then postwar us control , which only ended once they were on a stable path of prosperity . 
  the same thing occurred with all the east asian tigers which were run and controlled by authoritarian regimes . 
  this only ended ( in south korea and taiwan ) after achieving levels of stable prosperity . 
  and with hong kong and singapore can still be argued to still be there . 
  what those countries have realised is that democracy does not correlate with economic success . 
  and the success of this realisation is what inspired china and its reforms from the late 70 's , it 's also what inspired southeast asia . 
  in 2009 there were 1,9 billion people in the global middle class . 
  by 2020 this number will be 3.2 , by 2030 this will be 4.9 . 
  this `` middle class '' is the term used by oecd which describes people who have a disposable income of 20-100 $ per day , which means consumers of large appliances and the ability to buy automobiles . 
  allow me to explore this a little . 
  [ when in 2030 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-22956470 ) , 66 % of the world 's middle class is expected to be living in the asia pacific , with the majority of it consisting of china , i think the argument of who can afford to not trade with who will be moot . 
  [ to expand ] ( http://www.brookings.edu/~/media/research/files/papers/2010/3/china%20middle%20class%20kharas/03_china_middle_class_kharas.pdf ) , north america will drop its share of the global middle class ( 2009 ) from 18 % to 7 % . 
  in europe it will go from 36 % to 14 % and in the asia pacific will rise from 28 % to 66 % . with the asia pacific share of middle class consumption rising from 23 % to 59 % by 2030 . 
  that will have a huge impact , you can not argue about the leap forward in technological brilliance nations like south korea and taiwan have made . 
  they have closely followed the example laid down by japan , this is in turn is being followed closely by china . 
  when the centre of economic power shifts , everything else may eventually follow . 
  industrialisation in the west did not occur alongside liberal democracy , this is a common fallacy . 
  victorian britain was not a liberal democracy , it did not have universal suffrage , neither did a lot of its contemporary industrialised societies . 
  this is where nations like china currently are , and where the leadership sees itself . 
  will they move and transition towards liberal democracy ? 
  that will probably be the case as a stronger middle class demands representation , but it will be in its [ own characteristic way ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jiang_qing_\\ ( confucian \\ ) ) . 
  like south korea , like taiwan . 
  deng xiaoping , the leader of the chinese reforms and now deceased paramount leader of china was quoted in 87 saying he expected china to hold elections in [ 50 years \\ ( 2037 \\ ) ] ( http://www.chinausfocus.com/political-social-development/china-tiptoes-toward-democracy/ ) . 
  currently under the village law , all of the 1 million villages in china hold direct elections for their local leadership . 
  they are of course subverted in many ways but the steps are in that direction , and as disposable income rises it is very likely that it will continue accelerating . 
  it does not mean they will be liberal or even friendly with the west , afterall the largest democracy in the world is india and it can hardly be described as either . 
  it 's not really a nation falls and rises , its a nations relatively power and influence globally falls and rises . 
  the consequence of globalisation and industrialisation that is finally occurring around the world means many millions are being lifted from poverty , it also means even many more are being torpedoed into affluence . 
  it does not mean we will be driven into poverty , but it will probably mean we cant order other nations around like we have been able too in previous generations . 
  we may not `` fall '' in the sense of entering chaos or achieving poverty , but there will be a noticeable fall in our influence and importance and that is what i am discussing . 
  i suppose you understand this is all speculation , tomorrow may be the start of a new ice age . 
  north korea may bomb everyone around them . 
  china might collapse within itself . 
  it may go to war . 
  anything can happen , but that is all unlikely . 
  what is most likely to happen is a continued and stable economic transition from poverty to affluence as they begin balancing out high growth with per capita growth and consumption , mirroring what they have been doing for the past 30 years . 
  in turn this will be coordinate alongside other developing powers slowly moving from middle income to higher income nations with larger economies . 
  the economic case is strong . 
  in 1989 , the richest 20 % of the worlds population ( west + japan ) controlled 80 % of its income . 
  this is rapidly declining . 
  so of course nato is losing power . 
  the western nations no longer have such a dominance on the world economy , their share of it will continue to shrink as other nations develop more . 
  this coincides with developing nations upgrading their military capabilities making nato 's dominance less and less . 
  a recent study by the [ carnegie endowment ] ( http://carnegieendowment.org/2013/05/03/china-s-military-and-u.s.-japan-alliance-in-2030-strategic-net-assessment/g1wh ) showed that in 15 years , 2030 , the combined us and japan alliance may not be enough to overcome china * near * japan . 
   significant absolute and possibly relative shifts in the military balance between china and the alliance in japan 's vicinity are likely . 
    in the most probable future scenarios facing these three actors , the u.s.-japan alliance will either only narrowly retain military superiority in the airspace and waters near japan or the balance will become uncertain at best . 
  by then the chinese economy is projected to have overtaken the us in ppp and nominal terms . 
  this is the same situation that is happening but on a smaller scale worldwide . 
  in every sphere , countries are modernising and are becoming more important and relying less on the west . 
  we are a small part of the world population yet have most of its resources and wealth , that triangular nature is slowly eroding away as we come to the end of the era of western dominance . 
  i think we should look to strengthen international norms like the un , the imf , the world bank and make developing nations more important stakeholders in international society . 
  when nations are not stakeholders in international norms , institutions and law , they will be less hesitant to destroy them . 
  which is why china 's ascension to the world bank was important , which is why the next round of elections for the head of the imf and world bank is important . 
  those positions are reserved only for a european and an american . 
  it needs to be shown to be appointed based on ** merit ** . 
  if its not , the emerging developing nations will not respect the institutions . 
  we saw this before with japan and the league of nations , [ i hope we do not repeat it again ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racial_equality_proposal ) . 
  if history has taught us anything it is that nations rise and they fall , the west may not be at the top of the pile in a century 's time , but the institutions that have been built since the world war can still be maintained if we work and engage to make other nations a part of it . 
  the un is constantly undermined by america ( and the uk and france occasionally ) and this needs to change , otherwise when we need to rely on it , it will be undermined by others following our example . 
  you 're not thinking of it in terms of historical context . 
  the efta was in fact created by britain as a reaction to the pre-eu [ eec ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_community ) . 
  they eventually joined the then eec ( alongside efta member denmark and it would have been norway as well ) instead as efta did not compare with the much better eec single market . 
  this was in the early 70 's . 
  efta was not actually incorporated into the eu single market until 1994 . 
  the modern efta you are thinking of was not the same as the one available at the time . 
  if it was , who knows , the main reason was the common market but they might have still joined as eu members get to decide on the common market rules and legislation and the uk would probably have seen that to be a good enough reason as well . 
  because they are still nation states i guess . 
  you need to monitor your imports and exports to be able to fully understand your national economy . 
   why is the uk part of the eu ? 
  that is a difficult question that has many different answers . 
  but the premise is a bit narrow , the eu is not only about schengen and the euro . 
  it was also originally a common market that is has proven to be essential for the economies of all its members . 
  it has abolished a lot of tariffs , standardised laws and created a seamless and easy movement of capital , goods , services and labour . 
  that market is the main reason why the uk joined . 
  the eu has grown from the original institution it was ( with i might add with the full consent of the uk government and governing class ) into a political and economic organisation that has an incredibly large scope . 
  this growth of the eu has meant that there are areas that the eu governs in which the uk decided it was against their interest to join . 
  the two main ones being schengen and the euro , the main reasons it could opt-out was because it was in the room when these policies were being discussed and proposed and with the acceptance of other eu nations in allowing members to opt-out . 
  the use of [ opt-outs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union ) is not limited to the uk . 
  currently there are plans for the uk to withdraw from the eu fully . 
  the eu has a broadly negative perception in the uk that is characterised by a ( generally ) anti-eu press . 
  there are plans for there to be a full referendum on eu membership in 2017 if the current government stays in power . 
  if this referendum passes then the uk will most likely leave the eu . 
   i understand lay people may dislike the uk , but officials still keep them . 
  what is their rationalization ? 
  a eu member nation can not be expelled , but the uk does contribute to the eu financially and is heavily involved in a lot of eu institutions . 
  it does contribute a lot to the eu .
