  anti-extremism , obesity , drugs etc, 
  the french are finally happy . 
  this deal has more to do with uk-france relations then it has to do with china . 
  china and russia are two vastly different entities . 
  one is pretty much a super-power , the other is a barely relevant economic power that has a lot of nukes . 
  one is more important than the other , but i dont see how this is all related to the earlier point of being dependent on russia , which is what the poster was asserting and is plainly false . 
  it will continue being false as the russians arent getting stronger but weaker , poorer , and are quickly depopulating . 
  white elephant ? 
  is this about hinkley ? 
  how does russia feed the uk ? 
  there is a reason we 've barely ever tried to improve relations . 
  we really are one of the least affected by them of any european countries . 
  the uk has little economic dependence on them of any sort . 
  does not fear a military clash or attack . 
  that 's why its was the most vocal proponent for sanctions . 
  no dependence on russian energy , export or imports . 
  even the fabled `` russian money in london '' is vastly overblown by people who have little understanding of the sheer amounts of money that flow into london . 
  of the total european assets in the uk , they account for 0.5 % . 
  all of our dear financial services that we sell them is also small . 
  if you look at the offshore centres they store their money in , that is not even substantial by looking into investment that these centres make into london . 
  this can all be stopped and the financial machine will still roll on . 
  [ source ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/intelligence/foreign-policy/uk-russia-sanctions/ ) . 
  this story has more to it than this lazy journalism , its a shame we cant find a more detailed look . 
  fair enough , i wouldnt be surprised if it was indeed a translation misunderstanding but at the same time its equally possible its a dodgy minor company using the ambiguity to its advantage . 
  it will soon become clear if it actually is the state owned behemoth , if there are no planes being built then we will have our answer . 
  not to argue with your main point about production , but i thought i would point something out . 
   they did n't sign any contract , that 's just one more meaningless memorandum , useless piece of paper , signed with `` aerospace industry corporation of china '' . 
  try to find this organization in wikipedia . 
  that must be a serious organization , if they are going to mass produce an-225 , the largest plane in the world , right ? 
  it might just be lost in translation , but i think the organisation we are discussing is quite big . 
  but its not called the `` aerospace '' but `` aviation industry corporation of china '' . 
  they are state owned company that is basically there to compete with boeing and airbus . 
  they are actually huge . 
  current revenues compare with the airbus group and they probably have a never ending pot of gold as long as the chinese intend to compete in that industry . 
  if it is them , they are one of the few organisations on earth that can mass produce those planes . 
  ahh okay , fair enough . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there are more koreans in central asia than in europe . 
  there are in more kazakhstan alone . 
  if you know anything about the region you would realise how stupid that sounds . 
  read up on the koryo-saram . 
  they 've had more relations and more societal contact with the central asian states than with any country in europe . 
  yep . 
  similar stories for other uk originating sports like rugby and cricket . 
  also , for football it was allowed by fifa as they wanted the 4 nations to re-join fifa after the second world war . 
  they also gave it some special concessions , this helped save fifa after the war but left an odd but important special status for the 4 home nations that has lasted until today . 
  can you explain what that means ? 
  how do you prosecute a country for sending you a diplomat . 
  you would be laughed out of any international court . 
  the son of a diplomat beat up some kid . 
  it 's not nice but he is alive . 
  that is not even close to being the worst things diplomats have gotten up-to and not been charged . 
  try slavery , murder , child abuse and smuggling . 
  they get away with that and you want to charge a country for sending a diplomat who 's kid ( not even himself ) beat up another kid quite badly ? 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  only thing that can be done is to kick him out , or revoke diplomatic relations with iraq . 
  he cant be touched without iraq agreeing . 
  some background information . 
  the only other countries that have us nukes are germany , italy , belgium and the netherlands and among them turkey has the most amount of warheads . 
  those weapons are stationed pretty near the syrian border . 
  one thing i would point out is i dont think the us would move those weapons from turkey which has the military capacity to handle it , to romania , which frankly does not . 
  the base those weapons are kept at was built and designed by the us more than 50 years ago and can handle these weapons . 
  especially because the military and institutional cooperation between the us and its coldwar allies ( including turkey ) is much deeper than with the newer eastern european countries ( even if its catching up ) . 
  if they are going to move it , it will go back home or to western europe . 
  the nukes also have a declining importance where they are located . 
  they dont need to be near the bosphorus or the middle east . 
  these weapons unlike the ones in western europe are not fitted to any aircraft and can not be immediately deployed . 
  its basically a storage facility . 
  another thing to note , is the turkish general in charge of the airbase that stores the weapons , was one of the people arrested immediately after the coup . 
  the us denied his asylum request . 
  during the coup , us aircraft were not allowed to fly in or out , power was also cut and they had to rely on internal power . 
  they are understandably going to be skittish now . 
  here is a [ good brief ] ( http://www.stimson.org/sites/default/files/file-attachments/b61-life-extension-program.pdf ) on the weapons . 
  probably because our political relationship is more important than a few pounds going to some mosques . 
  the security services and the government generally have a better understanding . 
  most radicalisation does n't happen in [ mosques , its actually almost minuscule now ] ( https://fds.duke.edu/db/attachment/1255 ) . 
  it mostly happens online . 
  you will have a more disenfranchised minority community , as most of these mosques are funded this way and would inevitably be hitting more innocent people , backlashing and creating even angrier kids who start googling things they should n't . 
  the muslim community in the uk is the poorest religious community in the country , its probably the same for the other western european countries . 
  so they will now need funding which has to then be made up somehow . 
  maybe opening the door to characters that are far more insidious and unsavoury then national leaders who have a relative stakehold in stability and can be talked too . 
  is it worth it in that case ? 
  there are probably way more variables ( both negative and positive ) i missed but i can understand why politicians might just decide not to go down that route . 
  that mosque ( islamic culture centre in clonskeagh ) is not run by the muslim brotherhood but was built and is funded the uae royal family and continues to do so today . 
  they own it and run it . 
  the uae and the muslim brotherhood are not the same and actually despise each other . 
  the fact that the uae still continues to crackdown and kill members of mb is proof enough . 
  one can be a salafist and have similar religious beliefs but not have similar political beliefs . 
  you can have two salafists , but one is a mb supporter and the other despises it to death . 
  which is why you get conflicting information about these things and so someone just makes everything either black or white . 
  the true is more fragmented and chaotic . 
  this mosque has a close relationship with qaradawi through the ecfr , qaradawi is a scholar who is beloved and revered by mb but not an official member . 
  he also consistently insults and belittles the rulers of the uae . 
  qatar who protect qaradawi does everything they can to support the mb , while the uae do the opposite . 
  at the same time , the uae wont bother stopping dialogue/events etc in the mosques they own , even if it is with qardawi but will shut it down if it becomes political . 
  so these scholars all gather and discuss theology but dont stray into politics because they all have people above them . 
  but because of the mosques relationship with qaradawi they are suddenly members of the mb and not stooges of the uae which would be closer to the truth . 
  the institution asked 500 lawyers in singapore who work in `` cross border commercial contracts '' . 
  their day job is to work with companies in multiple jurisdictions and write up contracts for them . 
  being anglo-inspired is not saying much , as the 2 out 3 premier financial centres in asia are `` anglo-inspired '' .
