  who are they spinning too mate ? 
  this doesnt make sense to me . 
  the dod got quoted a price . 
  unless you think they would forge a file , photocopy it , and then release it just because of the price of an insignificant rocket launch . 
  all of our aerospace cooperation goes through bae . 
  bae made the choice to sell its shares and interests in that sector ( it had shares and cooperated on many european wide projects ) . 
  mainly so it can compete , without the us saying conflict of interest , in the us defence market which it makes a lot more money from . 
  it was a financial decision which the government didnt mind . 
  i think british company execs mainly look for money , they dont have wider political/cultural ideals of cooperation , they are just their for the profit . 
   just goes to show how wrong politicians can be . 
  the shuttle is dead while ariane is the most successful commercial launch vehicle . 
   the uk has always preferred cooperation with the us over cooperation with its european partners . 
  brexit is the logical conclusion . 
  they went for ariane 3 years later when it proved to be safer and better . 
  it just seems they went for what they thought was best in both cases . 
  yea the government has , but come on , going for something more expensive just because its european ? 
  i will just point out i prefer we do stay in and help but i dont see any major loss if we do leave . 
  europol deals with terrorism and organised crime , and it shares information on them . 
  the critical information from those two rarely come from the police . 
  it comes from spying and security organisations . 
  they are the critical components here and firstly , they always prefer to work bilaterally . 
  secondly , the reason why its disproportionate for the uk is because sadly we have a ridiculous spying apparatus . 
  we just spy better and we also get a metric fuckton of information from our 5 eyes allies . 
  that relationship is far more important then the europol one , which really isnt all that important . 
  for the first point , with terrorism , the spying and security agencies prefer to deal with each bilaterally . 
  they dont send their information to europol . 
  this has been a problem for a long time and its why europol is so shit at terrorism prevention . 
  they dont like sending data to open institutions like europol with the possibility ( and history ) of extensive leaks [ that europol has ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europol-cyber-iduskbn13p0m6 ) . 
  the article i linked in the previous post explained that clearly , as well as the ` third party rule ' which is another reason its not the main source of information sharing between spies . 
  on the second point , these capabilities means we ( read also : americans/canadians/australians ) probably spy more in some eu member countries then the countries themselves do . 
  snowden is the tip of a very large iceberg . 
  so when you say losing information from 27 countries , how many of those spying and security agencies are actually widespread and have huge budgets ? 
  very very few . 
  estonia , portugal , czech republic for example , they dont have the orwellian like spying apparatus so you can disregard a lot of countries here ( not that its a bad thing or im advocating we all go to the orwellian lengths the uk does ) . 
  its really only a small handful of countries that actually do most of the heavy lifting , and the biggest heavy lifter is the uk . 
  lastly , i would point out that switzerland and norway are not members of europol . 
  like the us they have a cooperation agreement , where they sometimes send information over and its shared across . 
  they also have open borders with the eu . 
  are they safe havens for criminals ? 
  europol doesnt really affect if you country becomes a safe haven for criminals , strong policing and laws do . 
  if we do leave , it will be like the current cooperation we have with norway , switzerland , us etc. 
  we will still share stuff , and if its serious immediately raise alarm bells . 
  we just wont be part of it . 
  europol is run by a british former mi5 agent . 
  once he leaves in 2017 it will be one of the longest stints as director of europol . 
  the uk has a lot of influence in it and has shaped it , especially alongside the germans , to what europol is today . 
  but our previous mi6 director has discussed brexit and the security implications of leaving europol . 
  he does n't [ believe ] ( http://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/opinions/brexit-would-not-damage-uk-security ) there would be a problem for us . 
  he states :  britain is europe 's leader in intelligence and security matters and gives much more than it gets in return . 
  it is difficult to imagine any of the other eu members ending the relationships they already enjoy with the uk . 
  furthermore , counter-terrorist and counter-espionage liaison between democratic allies is driven as much by moral considerations as by political ones . 
  if a security source in germany learns that a terrorist attack is being planned in london , the bundesamt f\u00fcr verfassungsschutz , germany 's domestic intelligence service , is certainly not going to withhold the intelligence from mi5 simply because the uk is not an eu member . 
  he then goes on to say :  in addition , though the uk participates in various european and brussels-based security bodies , they are of little consequence : the club de berne , made up of european security services ; the club de madrid , made up of european intelligence services ; europol ; and the situation centre in the european commission are generally speaking little more than forums for the exchange of analysis and views . 
   with the exception of europol , these bodies have no operational capacity and with 28 members of vastly varying levels of professionalism in intelligence and security , the convoy must accommodate the slowest and leakiest of the ships of state . 
  also europol doesnt arrest people , it doesnt conduct investigations . 
  it main aim is training , information exchange and analysis . 
  the uk contribution to its is quite large , especially in counter-terrorism and intelligence . 
  we have some serious intelligence capabilities that we do share across the channel , which we probably will continue to share if its serious . 
  europol also almost exclusively focuses on terrorism and large organised crime , both of which the uk intelligence services are pretty good with getting information on and analysing . 
  if we do leave , it wont be that much of a problem for us . 
  we will have a cooperation agreement like norway , switzerland , us where we share some information if its asked for , but the large amount of information we do send across will be decreased . 
  although in this security climate , its probably best if we help out as much as possible and try to stay in . 
  but i guess where others are coming from is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxvzzticvjs ) basically . 
   not entirely sure how the process goes , but i could imagine it entailing having to apply with some form , then having to send / deliver the passport . 
  if her dad died in the meantime , that would present a problem . 
  you have to send them together . 
  its all one big application . 
   this is still ridiculously long . 
  one should be able to make an appointment at the immigration office , and have it copied / read ( there 's a chip in those things ) on the spot - of course for a price . 
  if an airport clerk can verify your passport with the click of a button , the immigration office should definitely be able to . 
  i dont think 10 days is long , that includes posting it back to you . 
  bear in mind this is within 10 days , its not going to come exactly on the 10th day . 
  it depends on the post/distance but it can come withing a few days but the maximum is 10 . 
  thats really not that bad seeing as they deal with hundreds of thousands of applications a year ( and its a bit longer reaching some of the more rural parts here then it is in the netherlands ) . 
  there are offices already where you can sit down and they will fill out the form with you ( in any language you want ) all for free . 
  but the form and all of its documents need to be sent together to be checked and processed . 
  now i dont know the ins and outs , but there probably are reasons why they want the physical copies of the passports and are not satisfied with just a copy . 
  i would suspect it has to do with immigration fraud and crime . 
  maybe mi5 has only one old dodgy scanner that it can only use . 
  no it doesnt , because if her dad died and she needs to go back , that is a single trip . 
  she can send her application afterwards , she is not in limbo waiting for some government organisation to give her passport to her or because she doesnt physically have one . 
  secondly , you can get your documents back 10 working days after the application process starts . 
  these rules are there to stop fraud as this is the first step to citizenship , if you send in a copy that based on a flimsy reason , it will be rejected . 
  as there are enough dodgy solicitors around to sign anything , especially with immigration fraud . 
  it needs to be circumstances completely outside of her control , her dad dying and her needing it to go for a visit is within her control . 
  her mom being sick and needing to visit is within her control . 
  process your application after these events or process your application , wait the short amount of time to get your documents back and continue with your life . 
  this is only an issue because she has not done what the vast majority of people in the uk do and that is seek free advice from the citizens advice bureau or by calling them up ( or googling ) . 
  one thing i am curious about is , does the netherlands have a national id ? 
  because they would have accepted that as well . 
  maybe she hasnt applied for one though . 
  this is common sense . 
  it would be open to abuse if they allowed everyone to send in copies , especially for reasons such as `` i need to visit my mother because she is sick '' . 
  anyone can say that and then get any dodgy solicitor to sign a copy . 
  this is the first path to citizenship , there needs to be strict rules . 
  the only instance in which you are allowed to send in a copy is if the situation is out of your control . 
  her situation is not . 
  secondly , no they do not hold it for 6 months . 
  if you need it back , you can get it back within 10 working days . 
  or alternatively you can get your whole decision speeded up if you pay the extra fee .
