  nigel farage and diane abbott has more appearances than tim farron , and you get melanie phillips on qt calling global warming a `` scam '' whereas actual climate scientists like brian cox never got invited on question time . 
  in the truth is , the bbc does n't actually make the program . 
  the audience and guests are all picked out by the production company . 
  like anything on tv now though , its after ratings . 
  the more ratings it gets , the more the bbc will let it slide . 
  and as idiotic as nigel and diane are , its entertaining programming . 
  if you 're not interested in being entertained listen to any questions by the bbc . 
  its the grownup version . 
   we had lot of people come from our non muslim colonies in africa too ( notably senegal ) , i thought i would point out , senegal is muslim too . 
  in the early 70 's the ira had an attack ( included unsuccessful attempts ) on * mainland * britain every 3 days . 
  `` they warned them though '' . 
  does n't really help when you 're like my hometown and someone calls the local newspapers 5 minutes before a bomb is going to go off in the most crowded part of town in the largest office block . 
  as you begin looking for something , it goes off . 
  its a cover so you can limit blame for the death of innocent civilians while deliberately killing them . 
  it really should be going to a country with a very large pharmaceutical industry . 
  in my opinion , these agencies should not be located with the intention to further develop an area but they should be located where they will be the most effective . 
  there are others sources to aid development but the instruments used to monitor and regulate the single market should not be used in that way . 
  germany has the largest pharma industry ( by quite a bit ) and if its not going to the big players ( germany , france , italy ) , it should go somewhere like denmark or ireland which have quite big pharma industries for their size . 
  it 's all politics in the end however , so it will depend on which country wants it most and is willing to spend favours to get it . 
  do you have a source by any chance ? 
  i dont know what difference it makes mate . 
  i dont have top secret intelligence and i am not an expert on explosions . 
  maybe the laptops are not actually detonating anything but disrupting things . 
  who knows , they didnt say its a laptop-bomb its seems the us press is assuming that . 
  you 're absolutely right its more then the small arms industry but i focused on that because you are a big player in the small arms industry , which kills and creates more conflict then the high end military weapon systems . 
  hence i focused on them when the previous poster said `` we like to focus at our cars and civil technologies '' . 
  the argument i was trying to make was because there is that fascination with spending money on these higher stuff is somehow morally bad , i dont see it as any worse then doing what germany has been doing decades and being the best gun makers in the world . 
  to discuss the current state of the industry though , the high value products thats true , some things are done well . 
  but in general can krupp can any really build a cutting edge weapon systems ? 
  i dont think so . 
  even now krupp needs significant assistance if its going to be a serious defence manufacturer ( and not just a bit part ) . 
  its builds ships to a * just about * necessary level and not something a country the size of germany should be building . 
  check out the new f125 or saschen class and it can not compare with fremm or the type 26 . 
  its embarrassingly light , look at the armaments . 
  not good enough for germany . 
  lets be honest on the rest too , airbus is french for all intents and purposes . 
  mbda is not german . 
  rheinmetall is really a car manufacturing company that attach guns on them ( hyperbole but you get my point ) . 
  this is just to point out my original point about increasing capacity here . 
   security sources told the telegraph that uk security services have seen the same intelligence as their us counterparts and are expected to follow with a similar ban , possibly as soon as today i would hope they are sharing it with others as well . 
  doesnt really change much when its dubai-dublin flight rather then a dubai-london flight getting hit . 
  my point is you already do build weapons , and you build them to sell . 
  instead increase that capacity to build higher weapon systems . 
  building a million guns and grenade launchers is worse then building a frigate . 
  but it seems people dont mind minor weapons is just the big ones they dislike . 
  its debatable but i think those bullets will end up in more wars ( + criminal conflicts like the narcos in south america ) and killing more people then the higher end weapon systems will like a new anti-ballistic missile defence system , a new submarine etc. 
  why not sell them ? 
  germany already has a very active arms industry . 
  however instead of selling heckler and koch machine guns , you could be producing advanced weapon systems that will properly defend germany ( even if they ever need to stand alone ) . 
  move the industry from guns and grenade launchers to high end systems . 
  in any case , germany is treaty bound to never reach its natural upper limit of soldiers . 
  if germany hits its cap for active military personnel it should use the rest to spend on r&d etc. 
  i think with such a big industrial base , it would make sense to increase building a military-industrial capacity in the country and less about actual personnel numbers . 
  that 's all from private eye . 
  it 's really the only place that consistently reports on press shenanigans and the current state of news media in the uk . 
   for the record , to dispel the myth were just sitting on the sidelines to profit didnt mean to make it sounds like that . 
  apologies if it did . 
   so you ca n't preach to me . 
  i just pointed out that we could have stayed neutral like portugal ( or any other neutral country for that matter ) . 
   the u.k had strategic alliances with france , poland , and belgium though and have always tried to prevent a single continental power ( member napolean ? ), 
  not the first time we broke alliances . 
  we could have easily done it again . 
  especially with discontent brewing in india , it really was not in our interest to go to another continental war 20 years later . 
  the uk did at times try and stop a single continental power , but it had a globe spanning empire so its not the only thing that would define its policy . 
   also , the government is the one who declares war , not the citizens who are the ones that do the fighting . 
  i just hope my country stays out the next war you guys get into . 
  exactly my point . 
  saying the `` uk '' went to war for such and such geopolitical reasons , is not enough to convince a whole country to pick up arms with the exclusion of all else , and do it indefinitely . 
  20 years after another devastating war . 
  the british people picked up arms again and fought in the belief that they were fighting for the freedom of those who have been taken over by hitler . 
  they fought to make them free and to keep their families back home free . 
  their motivation was that basic . 
  lastly , canada doesnt march to our drum . 
  even in ww2 that was your choice , mackenzie king made sure your parliament voted on it . 
  if you want to blame someone for going to war now , look closer to home . 
   also you wanted to fight him ? 
  was that before or after chamberlain ? 
  after munich , why would we want to fight a war with a country thats not at war with anyone ? 
  hitler repeatedly made peace offerings after the war began . 
  the biggest being in the first year of it , where we could have walked away with little lost and probably nabbed a few of frances colonies . 
   after all these years this is just the amount the mi5 wanted to admit to . 
  okay , you 're right , during the most expensive and largest war in its history the newly developed organisation got enough money from the government to secretly bankroll a dissident in an allied nation in the hopes he will become ... our ally after the war replacing our currently ally in the war ? 
  all those files have already been declassified or will be in the next few years . 
  they dont need to hide it . 
  it wont damage them . 
   ford 's financing of the nsdap and operation paperclip just confirms what many already knew . 
  faced with the prospect of communist revolutions or labour movements , the middle class , the industrialists and the aristocracy flirted , financed , supported , created or joined fascist movements . 
  mises praised the fascists , before he realized their true nature , and fled . 
  if it were n't for the fact that tour king had to abdicate because he got his willie wet , history might have been different . 
  so now we moved onto the ford motor company ( those famous brits ) financing the nazi 's to , to the austrian mises ( that famous brit ) praising them , and finally british bankers financing hiter . 
  as for our bankers , do you mean montagu norman ? 
  otherwise you have to provide sources . 
  as for montagu , there is no secret to what he controversially did . 
  he followed procedure to the anger of the government , but kept the neutrality of the bis . 
  thats not the same as financing hitler . 
  but in any case , i apologise on behalf of the uk to our gullible and naive european cousins . 
  we are afterall the master manipulators , manipulating you into doing some rather foolish things . 
  sorry about that . 
  its true , mussolini was our fault he came into power , same with hitler . 
  franco too , we sent him some expensive marmalade a few times , which he then sold , it was enough to finance his rise .
