  since its long gone , i bet they 'll probably use it to offset their finances caused by the flood rather then say ... improving flood defences . 
   the uk is about to upgrade their trident submarine program , would n't it make sense for us to sell our older tech to the baltics ? 
  having the ability to procure a discounted nuclear-capable submarine to always stay somewhere in the baltic sea would surely prevent russia from messing with the baltics ever again . 
  firstly , i dont think we can sell some of that technology without us permission . 
  bear in mind a lot of the tech was built by the americans , they definitely have clauses that limits the spread of it . 
  secondly i doubt the baltic nations are willing to afford it , as its not a one off cost but a continuous and large drain on their budgets . 
  lastly , for those things to work it needs continuous maintenance , the baltics cant do it so they would need help from the us for the maintenance of the submarines , otherwise its useless . 
  so basically it comes down to the us letting them have it , which they wont . 
   i presume russia would throw a collective hissy fit ? 
  that is putting it very mildly . 
  the us would stop it , if they couldnt , the russians would . 
  in whatever way possible . 
  you can not have a nuclear power on your border if you are russia . 
  it 's unacceptable . 
  that is a direct and legitimate threat to the security of the russian state , it would be an equal reaction as the us had with cuban missile crisis . 
  what you are suggesting is a direct provocation to that . 
  there is a reason none of the nuclear weapons after the soviet fall actually went further east . 
  they warned us about western expansion into ukraine , we went ahead anyway and they reacted . 
  the same would probably happen and i dont think nato would lift a finger , mainly because nato would find it unacceptable in the beginning and stop the baltic nations from going ahead with it . 
  if they did it anyway , i would expect a nato expulsion before russian invasion . 
   or at least why not use nato 's nuclear sharing program that turkey and germany participate in ? 
  same reason as above . 
  those weapons are not moved further east as it would be a provocation to russia . 
  the turkish ones are more of a storage site , they cant be deployed so they arent a threat to russia . 
  the us nato nuclear weapons in europe are all b61 , so they need to be carried by a plane and then dropped . 
  thats slower than a missile and can be shot down more easily , its a remnant of an earlier era . 
  on top of that , the turkish ones dont have the aircraft necessary to use them ( for a very long time ) hence why its more of a storage site . 
  that 's cool to hear . 
  im a fan of him myself , he 's already showing he is a future [ basketball legend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aogom81kaj8 ) . 
  how do these people react to giannis the basketball player then ? 
  he seems to always come out in greek flags etc, 
  yea , i think the issue was not stunning before killing which is now rare over here ( 80 % + stunned ) . 
  ** its ***, 
   and for those who think it 'll just be the uk affected when shit hits the fan , you 're in for a surprise . 
  indeed [ south korea ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2016/12/south-korea-is-poised-for-economic-disaster/ ) is one of the most worrying cases of borrowing . 
   i agree about the need for confidence in normal circumstances , but brexit will be an abnormal event . 
  i think its the opposite , confidence is needed in abnormal circumstances because that is when you are vulnerable . 
  having a steady economy with a dip in confidence is relatively insignificant , its really damaging the other way around because it potentially snowballs into something more serious . 
   if british people were expecting some sort of brexit related economic stumble they would surely be tightening their belts ? 
  bear in mind a decent portion are not expecting a stumble , and they are trying to make that a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  although im not thinking of tightening my belt either , i cant speak for all consumers . 
   since they are not doing that they must expect things to get better economically , with no , even temporary , fall back during or after brexit . 
  they must think brexit will bring all upside for the british economy ? 
  the economy has grown around 2 % for the past few years , if it drops to 0 or dips into a slight recession , the impact will still be marginal . 
  it is if that dip translates into a long lasting recession . 
  i dont that will be the case ( long-lasting ) mainly because i expect a transition deal after article 50 is ripped up which will soften the landing while we transition and negotiate to a new arrangement . 
  what i expect is a maybe half a decade of no to slow growth , averaging around 1 % over the course of the decade . 
  thats not terminal ( its the `` new normal '' in places ) and if the negotiated agreement is satisfactory , then it may not be a huge dent . 
  for the future ? 
  i voted remain but i really voted remain because i felt we should and could ( and had a duty to ) still work inside to reform the eu ( especially with trade , opening up our markets significantly , furthering services , ditching protectionist instincts ) . 
  in the long run , i think brexit is better than an un-reformed eu , but way worse then a reformed eu . 
  so it really depends , the future of world growth is not in the atlantic , its in the pacific ocean . 
  the faster we put ourselves in the middle of it , the better it will be for the uk . 
  if we continue staying inside our european bubble we will be left behind , so brexit is a kick up the backside and its sink or swim . 
  not a brexiter but i am happy its like that . 
  sentiment is a huge issue for an economy , the more people talk something down , the more the market panics . 
  when we had the pigs crisis a few years ago , a major contributor that definitely affected how international markets viewed it was the panicked rhetoric ( spain is the not the new greece , ireland is not the new spain etc etc ) and the decreases in consumption within the economy . 
  consumption is one the major spurs for growth , as long as consumers are confident and as long as they are spending money this puts you on a safer footing then if there was a collective belt tightening and nervousness . 
  the government has abandoned austerity and is going to borrow way more and invest a lot of money in the next few years , with historically low interest rates , they are taking the right steps in that regard . 
  the credit binge however is problematic , they mentioned it a few weeks ago in prime ministers questions and may has said she is looking to bring in legislation specifically targeting places like brighthouse and wonga . 
  some quick googling seems to imply it had its golden age before the portuguese came , who then slaughtered and precipitated its decline ... 
  as i said above , the uk . 
  with its close connection to the us/can/aus / nz intelligence network , alongside its own capabilities , especially what it has built up in the middle east during its wars and its overseas bases , puts it far ahead of a lot of its eu allies . 
  especially with its own internal surveillance and its likely european wide surveillance that it does with 5 eyes . 
  this was reinforced by the former head of mi5 in the article i posted above when he plainly states the same thing . 
  the intelligence gathered by these organisation are the bread and butter for europol . 
  by saying thats `` what the uk believes about everything '' you seemed to be disagreeing with my statement . 
  what i mean by being the leader in intelligence and security matters especially in the context of europol is precisely the widespread spying that the uk does with the 5 eyes and other arrangements . 
  hence why i asked who you thought is the leader in the context of europol if it was not the uk , it was not a trick question or anything . 
  okay then , can you tell who you believe does the most spying in the eu ? 
  it 's some but not complete . 
  context is always important . 
  what you have to realise is that it was a satire on the civil service culture at the time , which was pretty much destroyed during the civil service reforms done by thatcher and continued by subsequent governments . 
  the civil service do n't have that influence/power anymore . 
  a more recent satire on current politics/government is the thick of it . 
  which is the yes minister of the 2000 's . 
   you should watch yes , minister . 
  its actually my favourite series , but sir humphrey would never dare lie in a memo or a briefing . 
  you dont spin with something that is on record . 
  if the price is an issue , he would make sure they dont send that quote to the pm in the first place . 
  stop it once it reaches the department of defence 's permanent secretary . 
  simple . 
  ( and if its ever found out that it was stopped , then oh dear i am sure they would regret terribly the unforeseen mishap which has caused such an inconvenient error to occur in the workings of her majesties government ), 
  you just said the `` government departments '' will spin , i absolutely agree . 
  they will get together , make up stuff with their political advisers and spin it to the media . 
  this spin is for the benefit of the press and the media , the government departments all know whats correct . 
  but what you are suggesting is that the departments spin to the prime minister . 
  that the department of defence sends its report to the prime minister about the cost of a shuttle launch and deliberately spins the price . 
  why ? 
  what would be the point ? 
  i would remind you these are archives , i.e. 
  photocopies/scans of government documents . 
  the originals are at the national archive for the public to see . 
  the majority of documents are released unless its sensitive , in that case they either extend it until it doesnt matter ( e.g. 
  50-70 years ) or they black out the sensitive stuff . 
  these files dont fall in any of those categories . 
  its just a routine defence memo , so i dont see where the spinning is . 
   that the shuttle would be cheaper was pure spin . 
  anybody with a brain could have known that it would be infinitely more expensive than ariane . 
  why would they spin between the dod and the pm ?
