  so the us will have to come in . 
  i dont think they are interested in that at all . 
  its much better to have turkey as a continuing and key part of operation active endeavour instead of trying to push them away . 
  once they are gone , i dont think they will ever come back . 
  this is too deep of an issue to quickly go through now . 
  but the simple question is , whats the point of nato ? 
  if it is to protect europe then turkey is vital in that . 
  a lot of other countries are not , especially ones that are `` closest to us '' . 
  but at the end of the day , nato is an american invention . 
  they are the final guarantees , the final protectors . 
  nato in essence is reserved for those the us deems its willing to protect , not for those who are closest to us . 
  if you want it reserved for those you think are `` closest '' to you , then maybe you can draw up a new organisation . 
  maybe it can be called a community or ... a union ? 
  maybe ensure its just us , so call it a european community or a european ... union ... ? 
   turkey has never been this involved in regional geopolitics before , and it 's making moves autonomously that put it on the collision course for a direct war instead of of the proxy wars they are intervening in . 
  never ? 
  im sorry mate but it sounds like you really dont know about their history . 
  they invaded cyprus and carved out a separatist state there , if thats not regional geopolitical involvement im not sure what is . 
  also , it didnt put it on a collision course then , they actually had a direct war which involved fighting with another nato member . 
  their involvement in syria now is just a drop in the water to what has happened in the past . 
   turkish troops are in iraq and syria , not with nato but on their own . 
  with the full blessing and cooperation of its western allies . 
  we work with them . 
  the us/uk/france etc have the same objectives in those areas as turkey . 
  we smuggle weapons through turkey and with turkish cooperation and funnel those to our `` allies '' . 
  our aim is to topple assad and its the exact same aim as them . 
  we might have public relations problems in which we have to distance ourselves from time to time , but they work with full cooperation and us military air support . 
  the only times we dont cooperate is when they attack the kurds , but by and large we look the other way and dont significantly care . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if they even get intelligence on the kurds from the west . 
   and then they black mail the eu that they will let the refugees from these wars into europe along with numerous illegal immigrants who want to use the chaos to get in . 
  that 's between the eu and turkey and has nothing to do with nato . 
  if they want to bicker about refugees , go ahead , what does that have to do with nato ? 
  it doesnt disguise itself as anything but a columnist writing an opinion piece . 
  it 's in the opinion section ( sub section - columnist ) , has the word opinion next to it the title . 
  has a big photo of the columnist and his name in big fonts in case you did n't know it was a column piece . 
  only absolute idiots who do not understand what a columnist is will believe this to be news and not an opinion piece . 
  columnist and opinion piece have always been there . 
  if people are now treating it as news and not opinions , that is the peoples fault and not the newspapers . 
  if they are idiots , they are idiots , its not others problems to help them solve their idiocy . 
  nato is a military alliance not an alliance for democracy . 
  they invaded cyprus and we think this is bad ? 
  3 democratically elected governments have been deposed in turkey , and we think this is bad ? 
  it was a military dictatorship for a few years and we think this is bad ? 
  it has n't reached anywhere near its previous worst case scenarios . 
  spare us this silliness . 
  an alliance happens when both sides have something to contribute to it . 
  turkey is one of the few nato countries that 's actually worth having in a military alliance . 
  as long as that is the case , it will continue . 
   `` we need to change the relationship with turkey , '' a nato source told ihs jane 's on 12 december . 
  noting that the purge and ankara 's zeal in pursuing it has slowed down or complicated matters `` across many areas of planning and co-ordination at nato '' , the source said . 
  `` the situation has become very difficult in the last few months - a real mess . 
  should n't we be pushing washington to bring turkey to account on these issues ? 
  yet nothing 's happening . '', 
  when washington decides to get rid of turkey in nato thats when we will be absolutely certain its deciding to severely wind down its commitments in europe . 
  you cant have a fully comprehensive military deterrence for europe without cooperation with turkey , especially if the major antagonist is russia . 
  as long as nato is a `` military '' alliance , turkey stays . 
  apologies , you are coreect . 
  i must have confused the small margin remain win with wales leave win . 
  ni voted to leave . 
  and how can they have a referendum on it ? 
  referendums need to be approved by westminster . 
  so they are just re-selling the same thing and hoping the public does n't notice and cause problems ? 
  is that a realistic strategy for rutte ? 
  they are trying to compete with the turks ( supported by the government ) who basically run most islamic related activities ( mosques , organisations etc ) in germany . 
  that 's because most uk ones do n't either . 
  i was reading an article recently discussing the poverty-like wages a lot of university academic staff were on . 
  horrible when the management is on so much too . 
  i 'm guessing as a result of this report they will also be considered for an exemption ? 
  unless we are going to make it easier for non-eu nationals , now that they do n't need to prove someone in the eu cant do their job . 
  it would be great if more commonwealth researchers were hired too . 
  some of the brightest talent is in canada , australia , singapore , india etc, 
  thats exactly like my example saying the us is better at * x * then the uk . 
  germany and japan are richer than romania , in the same way the us is richer than the uk . 
  it would be unfeasible for romania to compete with germany and japan there . 
  same with my uk-us example . 
  this would be like saying turkey or armenia has better * x * then romania . 
  romania being a richer country would look at that and say if they can do it its obviously not about cost and we should be able to do it too . 
  i dont see the superiority complex there . 
  you are not saying romania is a better country then armenia , you are just observing the facts . 
  if it was about being close , why didnt poland join ? 
  they realised the us doesnt really care either way , obama is being dragged into it and joining it wouldnt help a perception of staying close . 
  especially because while us strategic help was vital , they did not try to run it . 
  the only people who joined are those who 's interests are affected and were willing used their militaries to help further these interests . 
  mali didnt impede many peoples interests . 
  who runs mali or whether it becomes a shit-hole or not does n't matter in the grand scheme of things . 
  its mainly desert and is of no geopolitical importance to anyone besides france ( who are deeply involved in their francafrique ) . 
  that 's why there is little involvement and no interests , nobody is affected by it . 
  thats why the us didnt really bother either , they just patted france on the back . 
  i am not saying states get involved in wars that are not in their interest . 
  libya on the other hand is important , it shares a sea with europe . 
  its geopolitically vital for europe 's prosperity and security ( as its becoming evident ) . 
  the administration at the time was for most of its existence openly hostile , if it can be believed also involved in the killing of europeans . 
  the mediterranean/black sea nations that have interests in keeping the mediterranean calm . 
  spain , italy , bulgaria , greece , romania all joined . 
  that 's all the european nations on that sea that have the military capabilities to join . 
  you also have the core northern interventionist countries who share similar motives , uk , france , netherlands , denmark who are all prone to the same liberal interventionist streak . 
  they ( barring france ) were all in afghanistan , iraq , libya , and now syria . 
  i dont think any sane person can say the netherlands or denmark are global powers but they are perfect examples if their interests or goals are impacted they are happy to use military force . 
  of course they work alongside their allies to do it , but they have agency to do it . 
  i think you are genuinely being naive in thinking european countries are not willing to use force abroad .
