  they are also capable of holding nuclear warheads ( as i understand it ) . 
  this naturally makes countries bordering it quite nervous as it adds another layer of potential threat . 
  russia may blow up vilnius with an icbm , but that is long , hard and clunky when it could send a missile from kaliningrad to do the job much faster , quicker and more accurate . 
  it 's not going to happen but the threat is higher nevertheless . 
  it 's all to scare the former soviet bloc into not accepting the nato missile defence system . 
   what ? 
  the iskander missiles located in kaliningrad can target [ 3 eu nations ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/iskander-range-kaliningrad.jpg ) . 
  so there is a threat there . 
  the steadfast jazz exercises ( referenced in the sentence before ) were conducted in poland and latvia . 
  the steadfast jazz exercises are to help launch nato 's rapid reaction force ( which would come into play if russia missiles in kaliningrad became an issue ) and to test their effectiveness . 
   sarkozy pretty much seems to confirm he will return in 2017 , arguing that he has `` no choice '' but to return . 
  some have mocked him for his ` messianic ' style of speaking . 
   [ oh great cincinnatus , leaving his plow to toil for his nation . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/81/cincinato_abandona_el_arado_para_dictar_leyes_a_roma%2c_c.1806_de_juan_antonio_ribera.jpg ), 
  i heard this one about the spanish navy . 
  yes , i can see that argument being popular up until the consequences begin occurring ( ultimatums etc ) . 
  i dont think it will be the destruction of the eu , just the destruction of it as we know it today . 
  a smaller union as withdrawal becomes a bargaining chip for countries already disenchanted with the eu or with populations that are . 
  a smaller union may be a good thing or a bad thing , who knows . 
  i dunno , its always hard to describe something as racist . 
  but he was taking a stereotyped characteristic of the chinese people and using it to mock him on national tv . 
  the use of characteristics and stereotypes relating specifically to a person 's race to mock and demean the person is racism to me , and that is what he was doing . 
  yep , the protected wildlife is the backgardens of the middle class . 
  it 's not going to be good for either side . 
  the economics of it aside , as it has been done to death , what will happen to the prestige of both the eu and the uk ? 
  the european project can not accept a member leaving , the philosophy of the union is to expand wider and integrate deeper , not to break-up . 
  this will set a precedent that will be so utterly destructive that it may cause the future collapse of the eu as we know it . 
  the eu can handle losing the uk , but what if the precedent sets means spain , italy or france decide to use withdrawal as an ultimatum for the next issue of the day ? 
  it would be a nightmare , and it will happen . 
  not immediately but in 5 or 10 years after . 
  this is something the eu can not afford to begin . 
  the underpinning of the uk 's power and prestige in the world is through 4 major organisations . 
  nato , un security council , the commonwealth and the eu . 
  not only will diplomacy become colder with other european countries , it will no longer have the eu 's large and attractive presence behind it when it discusses issues with non-european nations . 
  losing the eu will be a huge blow to its place in the world that i dont see how the establishment would ever agree to it . 
  i wonder how much the gchq spying stuff affected this poll . 
  that at least might have given people a more `` fuck those spying cunts '' attitude . 
  hahaha . 
  that is not what he is talking about . 
  he isnt talking about who is the strongest or evilest party . 
  he is speaking about orwell and his transformation in spain when he was fighting during the civil war , especially when he was in barcelona and the communists attacked communists . 
  read a homage to catalonia to understand what know_worra_mean is alluding too . 
  the uk most likely does not have a spying outpost in washington , if it does , its not there to spy on the americans . 
  we have an agreement with the united states , canada , australia and new zealand on sharing intelligence matters and that we do not spy on each other . 
  this agreement is very much in the public sphere now and is called [ ukusa agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukusa_agreement ) . 
  there is no agreement like that with any nation in europe , which is why there is a listening post in the berlin embassy . 
  the close intelligence cooperation needed to foster an agreement like the ukusa agreement would be unpalatable to most eu governments . 
  it 's not an issue with these anglosphere nations and was there before the birth of the eu . 
  [ do we spy on our european partners ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oafvy6faxoa#t=1690 ) ( 28:10 ) i dont have an issue with the uk government spying wholesale on the german government ( or vice-versa ) . 
  from every phone call to every piss-break . 
  it crosses the line for me when they are doing it wholesale on the whole population . 
  that is not and should not ever be a part of their purview . 
  why ? 
  i think it should be in the news much more !, 
  police officers trying to stitch up the chief whip ? 
  through complete and utter bullshit . 
  if they can do that with impunity to one of the most powerful men in the country , who else have they done that too . 
  it 's all fucking criminal . 
  i think in a sense the structure has already been put in place with the lisbon treaty ( eu diplomatic civil service , stronger eu diplomats , eu foreign minister ( catherine ashton ) , foreign affairs council etc ) but yes i think it will take an existential threat for it to all come together . 
  as for the here and now , its unlikely to happen without that threat especially with all the focus being on financial crisis that is still raging on . 
  it is hard to quantify indirect harm . 
  did the uk entering iraq indirectly harm a eu country ? 
  maybe , but that indirect harm is not something you squarely lay at the feet of the uk and would still be present even if there was a unified foreign policy . 
  direct harm is easier to quantify , and eu countries do not directly harm their european partners , because it is not in their interest too . 
  it is harmful for the us , which is friedmans point and only interest , because you can not fully rely on it . 
  but trying to have a unified foreign policy right now is more harmful to the eu than helpful . 
  sovereign states are sovereign in their foreign policy in the eu and when the eu is in as a weak position as it is now , it is the worst time to try and force them to join a consensus on their foreign policy . 
  the eu is too weak and any move in that direction will only further weaken it . 
  something i am sure friedman is perfectly aware of . 
  a united voice is stronger than a disunited voice . 
  there really isnt any argument about that . 
  but that is not taking reality into account . 
  when you have sovereign states in a supranational structure , you can not try and get them to follow one united voice on every issue . 
  it is not like having subnational states in a national structure . 
  having said that though , their foreign policy are not always divergent , they are all similar in various issues . 
  iran , north korea etc. 
  italy is not trying to sell weapons to nk or the uk to iran . 
  they all follow a similar framework in their relations and know not to directly harm fellow european partners . 
  for now , that is enough . 
  interesting article by friedman . 
  although i think he occasionally talks a lot of crap ( japan ) he is a smart guy . 
  however his narrative of a disunited european foreign policy is something that has always been the case . 
  the various eu countries are able to take divergent foreign policies because the framework of the eu means there is unity within the continent . 
  their divergent policies do not harm one another . 
  he forgets to put it into a eu context when he makes glib comparisons to pre-1945 . 
  and when he does , he dismisses it as if to say the eu is not the central and most prominent political organisation on the continent and the main reason those divergences are not problematic . 
  i believe - like many others commentators of his generation - friedman is harking back to a cold war era where there was a central enemy to fight and transatlantic foreign policy that was generally united in its antagonism to that enemy . 
  but that no longer is the current reality and it is of no use trying to go back to it . 
  the rest of the article is pretty interesting as well though and i agree with most of it . 
  because london . 
  they live there and they work there . 
  it 's a centre of world finance and business and attracts the ridiculously rich . 
  are you * really * surprised that a lot of fabulously wealthy people live there ? 
  i did it studying computing and only came across it by accident and had to * explain * to my tutors what it actually is . 
  yep it 's not advertised enough at uk universities i find , and when it is , it 's usually for language students . 
  one of the funniest things i 've read all week . 
  i like the use of the rule of three , makes it even more amusing . 
  my favourites include   russian  * intellect * : nothing   french  * pastimes * : cheating   turk or greek  * pastimes * : political perfidy hahaha . 
  i 've watched both .
