  also i dont think the uk is number 2 in nato . 
  it was during the cold war because france left , but now , no . 
  its basically the us and then the ones who dont need nato ( france/uk ) and then the rest . 
  after the cold war was over , the whole thing was restructured . 
  the uk only holds weight there because of military size and that its fulfilling its commitments . 
   london has acted as washington 's envoy within the eu in a lot of topics thats like saying it acted as australias envoy in the eu . 
  it 's not an envoy when you both believe the same thing . 
   as far as i know nato guidelines are rather amorphous , containing stuff ( i.e. 
  non-military intelligence and other things ) that have very little to do with military capabilities in the first place . 
  [ nope ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2017_03/20170313_170313-pr2017-045.pdf ) , it all has to do with meeting the needs of the military ( which is different from `` capabilities '' , for example providing pensions for your soldiers doesnt affect your capabilities but its needed to meet the needs of your military ) . 
  that means paying them , equiping them ( destruction of old stuff , costs of inspections etc ) , supporting them ( even if its the civilian part of government doing the supporting ) . 
  it doesnt include non military stuff , and even if you state its a joint civilian-military expenditure you need to prove it and have an estimate cost for the military aspect . 
  i think you are talking about the 2015 accounting changes by cameron . 
  the uk added a few items it didnt add in the past to its defence contributions to get it from 1.97 to 2.08 . 
  the added items werent added in previous submissions because they were never at risk of falling below the target . 
  after the cuts by cameron there was a real chance they could miss it ( especially since the economy started to do well again ) , but that wasnt the problem . 
  the bigger problem was the future , as the economy grows camerons budget was projected to be at 1.8 by 2020 so they tried to sort it out beforehand . 
  the added items was not really related to intelligence but the uk decided to also include another nato accepted expendeiture which relates to `` other forces '' that are `` structured , equipped and trained to support defence forces and which are realistically deployable '' . 
  it also means they include civilians that are involved in military matters . 
  what the uk eventually added to its accounts was : `` war pensions ( around # 820 million ) ; assessed contributions to un peacekeeping missions ( around # 400 million ) ; pensions for retired civilian mod personnel ( perhaps around # 200 million ) and a large part of mod income '' . 
  to be blunt , the uk never had the need to try and stay above the 2 % figure until camerons government , once they found themsleves in that position they basically did what fellow nato members regularly below the figure do . 
  the `` other forces '' for example include gendarmerie which french regularly includes , or coast guards etc as long as that particular force had military training . 
  for some places , `` training '' is taken rather ... lightly . 
  so the real quesiton is if the economy keeps growing , where the figures will be by 2020 . 
  ( then again if brexit happens like how the independent has been telling me , our current spending might just be about 45 % of gdp by 2020 ) . 
   instead of either spending more on those issues the political body did some `` creative bookkeeping '' to keep overall funds above at 2 % of gdp for political reasons only . 
  the basic problem at the time was cameron was saying he is increasing spending . 
  which was complete nonsense and used the 2 % as a sort of justification . 
  the defence comittee investigated and basically called his bluff , they did say he met the 2 % by nato guidelines , but thats barely enough . 
  the uk needs to spend more then 2 % . 
  we averaged 5 % when the cold war in town and it should be hovering around 3 % now . 
  it will most likely be increased going forward again as there isnt significant public pressure to cut it and a growing parliamentary consensus to raise it . 
  cameron was fighting the legacy of iraq , so he gutted the military . 
  which helped as his hands were then tied so he couldnt do another iraq again for a while ( the invasion force into iraq would be more than half of our entire army today ) . 
  im guessing the deepening of integratoin is why they pressed for them to join nato too ? 
  the chancellor at the time said this a few months ago :  after the surprising collapse of the soviet union , eastern and central europe could have collapsed into its traditional anarchy , nationalist rivalry and military regimes that preceded the second world war . 
  we pressed the urgency of bringing in these new independent nations , giving them the goal of the european union , which meant liberal democracy , free market trade and so forth . 
  we made europe a much more stable place . 
  others might have grand ideas but the motivations were put simply at the time . 
   tory policy on enlargement is clear . 
  we are in favour of it , for three reasons . 
  first , we owe a moral debt to the countries of central and eastern europe , which were allowed to fall under the pall of communism after the second world war . 
  second , by entrenching democracy and the rule of law in eastern europe , we ensure stability and security for the future . 
  third , an extra hundred million people in our single market may be a short-term liability , but long term will contribute to growth and prosperity for a lot of tories it was about breaking the russian grip on eastern europe , first and foremost . 
  after a long cold war , they were going to make sure it didnt get cold in europe again . 
  i understand that there is a love for seeing government actions in a `` yes minister '' - like grand conspiracy but in this case there are were greater pressing concerns then a hypothetical dangers of integration . 
  they feared multiple governments in eastern europe in the meciar mould and that would only lead to interstate regional conflicts . 
  once the tories left , the labour government after them , the most pro-eu government in uk history , continued the entrenched support for englargement . 
  for example ? 
  nato sets the guidelines on what it considers defence spending . 
  it has certain caps on what you can include in that as well . 
  as far as nato is concerened the uk spends 2 % according to its guidelines . 
  why do you say that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we do . 
   we need full disclosure and transparency which this article is saying wont be happening . 
  full disclousure and transparency is different from leaks . 
  leaks are one-sided so there is isnt full disclousure , just one perspective . 
  a leak is where you omit what you dont want and leak what you do . 
  the point is to control the narrative for your benefit . 
  this is why the article ends with :  `` the only way to control the message , in the view of eu officials , is to put information out on their own terms , accompanied by their own spin . '', 
  the intention is not to be transparent but controlling the narrative , which is different from transparency . 
  `` a brussels source said '' is different from `` the eu commisionner for x has said '' . 
  one is deliberately clouded so to avoid responsibility for the statements sent out while the other is clear and transparent . 
  a better idea is to not leak to the press but plainly release the information to the public . 
  juncker said this , theresa said that etc. 
  leaks and spin are the opposite of disclousure and transparency , we lived through a whole decade of alastair campbell to learn to tell the difference . 
   quite how baffling brexit looks to many us liberals was underlined by a recent times investigation headlined `` will london fall ? '' , which questioned the city 's future as an international crossroads . 
   other guided tours in the same series of travel packages include `` chernobyl , 30 years later '' and `` greenland is melting '' . 
  that has been the biggest laugh ive had all week . 
  mililband wasnt a centrist . 
  he was from the traditional centre-left of the labour party . 
  he did lose the election , but it was a loss you can bounce back from . 
  what is is being expected in this election is a complete and utter collapse . 
  the current nato mission which began in 2015 is about training . 
   the resolute support mission will provide training , advice and assistance in eight key areas : multi-year budgeting ; transparency , accountability and oversight ; civilian oversight of the afghan security institutions ; force generation ; force sustainment ; strategy and policy planning , resourcing and execution ; intelligence ; and strategic communications . 
  current top 5 troops contrtrbutions for the nato mission in afghanistan . 
  us : 6,941 italy :1,037 germany :980 georgia : 870 romania :588 turkey is on slighly more then 500 and the uk is on 500 . 
  first indication something will be happening is if they change the mission parameters . 
  once that happens you know nato is about to go into afghanistan properly again . 
   the british public has been eurosceptic for decades . 
  the article starts in 2013 . 
  not even a mention of goldsmith . 
  you cant make money if you are hemorrhaging customers at an alarming rate . 
  and to deal with that , the genuises decided to raise prices . 
  first utility and ovo are going to have them for lunch . 
  rolls royce use to make luxury cars but it was also an important defence contractor . 
  it went to shit in the 70 's , so the government nationalised it . 
  the company was split up . 
  the sensitive defence related parts were kept as a seperate company and the luxury car making part of the comapny was sold off . 
  30 years later the luxury car part is bought by volkswagon . 
  bmw on the other hand buys the rights to the name rolls royce from the defence company . 
  they also buy the logos etc from volkswagon and begin making their own cars using those names . 
  volkswagon on the other hand bought mostly everything by rolls royce , including car designs and production but used the name bentley as they didnt have the rights and sold off the ones they did have the rights too bmw ( rolls royce angel statue etc ) . 
  the bmw owned rollls royce are in terms of the actual car design , car production etc complely unrelated to the luxury rolls royce before them , that link is with volkswagon/bentley . 
  the problem is it 's ... inevitable . 
  it 's the end goal , there will be a time when it becomes completly untenenable for there not to be a transfer union . 
  as the previous poster says :  the time to argue from a simplistic national point of view ended the day we adopted the euro . 
  our long-term economic health is tied to that of others and a common control of our common currency . 
  if we fail to achieve this , it is not only southern europe that will see economic failure once europe implodes . 
  he is quite right .
