  being a reserve currency has nothing to do with clearing . 
  its related because these are denominated in euros . 
  if its a reserve currency it needs to be traded anytime anywhere in the world , as the world is using your currency . 
  if you say it can only be cleared in europe , then you just put a timezone barrier on clearing transactions . 
  so you wont have an immediate transaction if europe is asleep . 
  this is also saying nothing about the americans , the cme group will take the eu to court in the space of about a second . 
  it will be amusing to watch . 
  so dollar clearing stays in ny ? 
  singapore cant clear any euros ? 
  euro-clearing isnt an eu agency like the ema . 
  nothing to do with each other . 
  if the eu wants to be protectionist with the euro , then it will face the consequences of protectionism . 
  the euro is a global reserve currency and so can be traded and cleared anywhere , just as the dollar is . 
  this is a step back into a more protectionist mold . 
  its amusing because forcing it into the eurozone , which is the goal here by countries like france , what will that mean for other clearing houses in the eu like swedens ? 
  clearing by its very nature is a cross-border activity . 
  its amusing because in the end all that will eventually happen is the commission will request for oversight similar to what the americans do with dollar clearing in london . 
  which is perfectly fine with london as the oversight rules are identical in the uk and eu ( well ... london did pretty much write it ) . 
  cutting through the hyperbole , damaging the european banking sector when its on its knees is probably not the commissions biggest priority . 
   that 's turkey out , all they will do is a risk assessment , make sure they arent using kids as workers etc. 
  they will leave it deliberately vague . 
  turkey would be a perfectly reasonable place to hold it regardless of erdogan . 
  they have clout in uefa and they are one of the football obsessed nations with enough history and pedigree . 
  the footballing world doesnt care about politics in as much as it cares about spreading the game . 
  the only time the tournament was held outside of western europe was 1976 and 2012 . 
  2024 sounds like another good chance , especially after the pan europe tournament . 
  those arguments are more convincing to the executive committee then saying erdogan is not a nice bloke . 
  in any case , uefa is similar to fifa . 
  its the trading of favours , 2016 was given to france and turkey lost out , 2024 will be given to turkey . 
  germany just held a world cup , they cant hold the euros now . 
  we cant have another france , in any case the germans dont have a platini and they wont be so blatant and rig it like they did 2006 . 
  amateurs . 
  they seem to have respected vague cultural borders . 
  professionals know what they really should do is for example split iberia horizontally in long lines . 
   laurence pieau well deserved . 
  i distinctly remember this women doing all the news programs defending it , saying they do things differently in france and they should enjoy it as she is a beautiful women . 
  whelp , looks like they dont do things so differently in france . 
  do you have any sources for any of that ? 
  the eu market is synonymous with the single market . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  the single market is created by the eu for the eu . 
  it has only been extended with certain conditions and restrictions to the eea and switzerland . 
  when someone says single market , the common market , the internal market or the eu market in uk parlance they all mean the same thing . 
  the european single market . 
  a different kind of fish ? 
  the eu market is different from the single market ? 
  free movement is not needed for single market access . 
  otherwise the chinese could freely move to europe . 
  free movement is needed for single market * membership * . 
  he said easy movement of people across the eu , then put visa free in brackets.that is not implying the eu freedom of movement principle , but making it * easy * for people to move ( not free to move ) and for them to have visa free access . 
  you do n't need to be part of freedom of movement for the uk to allow people to settle . 
  the issue here is control . 
  if the uk says it 's got too much coming in , it can stop it . 
  the uk has n't had that control before . 
  relevant article and comments ? 
  i hope you are not judging it 's readership on online comments . 
  maybe some brexiteers do n't , but i think most of the telegraphs newspaper readers , whether for brexit or against it , do . 
  i do n't think you have become familiar with it at all . 
  if you think telegraph readers do n't know what a free trade deal is , you seriously misunderstand their audience . 
  it 's not us who read it online , their average readers are wealthy old businessmen in the home counties . 
  they do understand the difference . 
  you are simply misunderstanding their position . 
  they do n't want to be part of the single market , they have no interest in staying in a trading bloc . 
  they want a trade deal that eliminates most tariffs and has regulatory equivalence as far as acceptable . 
  that 's been their basic argument since the start and really has n't changed . 
  the stuff about not being able to trade with other countries , is referring to doing trade deals outside the customs union without other eu countries being able to stop it . 
  nobody think you ca n't trade with other countries without one , all the chinese/american etc goods we have attest to that . 
  visa free means they can visit not that they can live there . 
  brazil has visa fee travel to the uk . 
  it already is a full member in its own right . 
  your own article states that . 
  birmingham ? 
  it looks like it 's in the light green colour not the yellow . 
  it also is n't doing too bad . 
  it 's economy is similar to copenhagen and growing . 
  cheers , usually post on my phone when i 'm procrastinating so i barely re-read . 
  only post i 've read that mentions it here . 
  yep , the conclusion of those investigations is expected in the next 6-12months . 
  it possibly will result in some major fines and a lot of by-elections . 
  with a majority smaller then the seats being investigated , the tory party could see itself in the midst of fighting a scandal ( fines and possible charges ) , 20 + by-elections and dealing with brexit negotiations in about a year 's time . 
  or instead , have an election , increase your majority so those elections do n't need to be re-run , and have a side bonus that you ca n't be blackmailed by the ultra hard brexiteers as they ca n't veto anything when she has a much larger majority . 
  it would have been more helpful if you can list the policies that you disagree with the tories on , other posters can then say whether or not the tories positions in those policies impacts their popularity . 
  just saying that they are out to get the little man without much in the way of concrete examples wo n't help you get the answer you are looking for . 
  it gives the impression that you are fishing for an argument . 
  the tories are popular in general because they are seen as competent . 
  that 's i think the basis you should be starting from in judging their popularity right now . 
  elections traditionally are called whenever the ruling party wants as long as it 's within 5 years . 
  now elections happen once every five years unless there is a majority in parliament for it to be done earlier . 
  here , may is going to ask for it to be done earlier , labour and the opposition agree . 
  politically , the largest parties have to be ready to govern at any moment , so they will never refuse a general election vote as it is weak . 
  you ca n't be serious opposition and say the government is not good enough so vote for us and when the chance comes , do n't take it . 
  you lose credibility . 
  that 's pretty much / r/unitedkingdom at the moment . 
  they are labourers from a poor and less educated region in pakistan . 
  hence the first few generations did not focus in educational attainment but in work and setting up businesses . 
  the good news is , most have a positive trend line in attainment . 
  the same was once said of the bangladeshi and nigerian community , but it takes a few generations . 
  the first two tend to set their roots and by the third and fourth education attainment begins closing with the national average . 
  the somali community is another one recently begining to show the same trend upwards . 
  it 's an interesting subject .
