  my cooking skills finally come in useful . 
  there is 53 billion owed to eurozone governments . 
  the last of those debts is due to be repaid in 2041 . 
  no , you just make the sure the loans have even longer maturity periods , make sure interest rates are low etc etc steps that already have been taken but there are treasury bills to pay soon . 
  they need a loan to pay off those treasury bills and those loans should be eased in . 
  nice summary graph [ here ] ( https://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure they had an old italian lady running the country for a while though . 
  why go on a ferris wheel when some of the best museums and art galleries are free and not far away ... 
  i should have been clearer . 
  that 's why i highlighted keir changing stance . 
  they were for single market membership , until they realised fom was untenable as a policy in a lot of their working class constituencies . 
  so they then evolved their position to staying in the single market while negotiating fom . 
  now it 's just no fom . 
   national id card last time a government tried that parts of the country went ballistic . 
  ian brown even wrote a protest song . 
  they wont introduce these cards without a huge database , the second part is the one everyone hates . 
  it would just grow and grow . 
   but i personally think that a country like the uk not having a real high-speed connection between major cities is quite indicative of the priorities of the government ( s ) . 
  there was an oppurtunity to change the system but they had a choice to follow the french model and create a whole new network back in the 70 's . 
  that was unviable for the government for many reasons , so they opted instead of creating [ faster trains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/advanced_passenger_train ) on the existing one . 
  that project was such a catestrophic failure politically and in cost that it damaged british rail ( state owned monopoly ) . 
  they have been wary to touch it since . 
  it also hasnt become a huge issue to deal with . 
  but now freight capacity and increase in population means faster lines are needed to take the strain away . 
  which is why hs2 has moved forward quickly and hs3 is already being discussed . 
  it was bought by state owned companies in europe and they tend to use the profits to offsets the loses in their home markets or by private companies in the uk who are out for a profit . 
  the biggest state owners are deutsche bahn , ns , sncf ( the italian and belgian state owned railways are also involved ) . 
  the other major non-state owned owners are the uk private companies , stagecoach , first group and go ahead . 
  but none of them are involved in infrastructure . 
   what has been the impact of privatisation on the development of the infrastructure ? 
  infrastructure is not privatised . 
  its [ publicy owned and funded ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/network_rail ) . 
  what was privatized was running the trains on the lines . 
  to be fair they do have a lot of projects on , crossrail was the biggest construction project in europe for 10 years . 
  hs2 is now in the works etc. 
  the problem when you have very old infrastructure that you have to incrementally improve or you can wholesale destroy it and start from scratch . 
   or something else entirely ? 
  they have decided to respect the vote . 
  fom was one the principal drivers of the leave vote , they cant ignore it , so they have to address it somehow . 
  they probably calculated that keeping fom would be more damaging to their base support then staying in it while not enjoying the full benefits of eu membership . 
  essentially its not worth it , especially if you are leaving the eu single market . 
  you also have to remember a lot of the largest leave constituencies were labour , the largest remain constinuencies were also labour . 
  but on balance they are going to try and keep their working class support , especially in the north . 
  that is what makes it a viable governing party . 
  the remainers in large cities by and large will continue to stick with them , but if labour begin losing the working class it 's over as a party . 
  the tories are smart enough to remember when they regularly had 1/3 of the working class vote , thatcher destroyed that but that legacy is declining and this brexit vote can serve as a bridge as it genuinley brings back the idea of voting tory in parts of the working classes . 
  once you break the stigma of voting tory , labour will be in even more trouble . 
  this isnt a general election to win the votes of the city remainers . 
  it 's to win the working class . 
  you can see this confusion exemplified in keir stamer . 
  he started off wanting to be in the single market and customs union , after discussions with a lot of northern mps , they changed the policy to staying in the single market but they will negotiate with the eu to stay in without fom . 
  that was before the manifesto , they have since stated they are restricting fom without a mention of trying to stay in ( the eu would never allow them too anyway ) . 
   also , how on earth libdems would push for more welfare , while labour would n't ? 
  because the libdems wont actually have to govern so they can push for anything with the aim of shifting others in that policy direction . 
  if they actually had a chance to govern , those ideas would drop like flies . 
  it is laziness if you read this particular case . 
  i never understood her obsession with the ehcr . 
  let it go . 
  its not part of the eu , it was also practically written by one of our most famous judges . 
  if the court stops you from deporting someone , its probably because you shouldnt be deporting them to torturers . 
  leaving it wont only be a step backward for us , but for the whole continent . 
  it gives the illiberal states like russia ( and increasingly turkey ) an even easier excuse to leave as well . 
  come to london . 
  especially east . 
  its defintely changed , there are a lot . 
  they are all young though , between 18-30 working in everything from pret to finance jobs . 
  gulen ... an interesting character . 
  his organisation is straight out of a thriller novel . 
  the [ newyorker ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/10/17/turkeys-thirty-year-coup ) had a great article about him , that really opens your eyes about his organisation and its relationship with the turkish state and the turkish people . 
  we sometimes get caught up in defending a particular narrative or side , but this is one fight you hope both sides would lose . 
  trade deal ? 
  there is no eu-china trade deal in the works . 
  they can barely trade on wto terms without problems . 
  there is a investment agreement ( i.e. 
  opening a factory there with protections from being screwed ) that is being worked on but it keeps running into issues . 
  latest review is [ here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/october/tradoc_153840.pdf ), 
  god knows . 
  there is a great book if you are interested that goes into very similar problems with procurement etc. 
  its called the blunders of our government . 
  great read . 
  hah , they tried to upgrade the it infrastucture . 
  it was the largest it project in the world . 
  it was budgeted at 2 billion and by the end the cost overrun was between 440 % to 770 , then they gave up . 
  i do n't know what they do now . 
  criteria :  paternalistic policies typically reduce the individual 's quality of life in one or more of the following ways :  -- raising prices prices ( through taxation or retail monopolies )  -- stigmatising consumers  -- restricting choice  -- inconveniencing consumers  -- limiting information ( with advertising bans )  -- reducing product quality for the uk our latest ban on tobacco packaging accounts for the increased tobacco average . 
  we almost have pefrect scores on tobacco ( 91/100 ) . 
  our food count has also gone up because of our latest ban on advertising junk food to kids . 
  i love that they still said we are actually more nanny state then even their criteria could cover :  britain 's nanny state index score for food and soft drinks arguably makes the country seem more liberal than it is because it does not include the food reformulation scheme which has led to chocolate bars shrinking and food products becoming less tasty as public health england pushes food manufacturers towards reducing sugar , salt and fat content . 
  although this scheme is technically voluntary , it is backed up with the threat of legislation . 
  although our fucking beer and wine tax should go down . 
  [ full report ] ( http://nannystateindex.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/nsi-full-no-back-pages.pdf ), 
  they should be saying recommends . 
  handelsblatt is spinning it to make it sound more negative . 
  my guess would be because they are a business paper and what the imf is recommending is something their readers may not find * appropriate * . 
  for example :  the tax burden on germany falls disproportionately on lower earners . 
  it points out property owners in germany for example are taxed relatively lightly , and has asked germany to explain why property tax is not progressive , that is , increasing with higher incomes . 
  the us mainly . 
  their consumption keeps the global economy ticking . 
  at 28 % they are more then a quarter of the global consumer market , and alone they are more then europe ( + russia & central asia ) in consumption . 
  in comparision the euro area is about 14 % and when you add the rest of the eu it rises to about 23 % .
