  otherwise , i will link it here later . 
  there is a rigorous process that occurs when the nhs recruits from outside the eea . 
  its much harder then the simple process for eu applicants ( eu qualifications are standardised ) . 
  to give you an example , they had to battle with the eu to bring in english proficiency test for the simpler eu process . 
  after they did it , they barred 1000 eu doctors who failed it from working in the uk . 
  eu applicants who were trained before they joined the eu also have to go through the same process african nurses would go through . 
  i dont think a czech nurse who finished training in 03 is much different then one finished training in 05 . 
  but there you have it . 
  lastly , quality of training is something that is no longer exclusive to the developed world . 
  does their nationality matter if they can do the job well ? 
  for example we already have more zimbabwean nurses then polish or romanian , and double the amount of african nurses than irish , and this is before brexit . 
  personally , i dont care where my nurse is from , what matters is their quality . 
  the goat skin goes through a process , i think its soaked and scraped and some other stuff is done to it so it stays long lasting . 
  former yugoslav republic of bulgaria . 
  most eu nhs nurses are not eastern european . 
  they mainly come from ireland , spain and portugal . 
  eu citizens make up 4-7 % % of all nhs nurses . 
  recruitment for nhs nurses from the eu has dropped , so recruitment elsewhere will need to make up for it ( africa/asia & uk ) . 
  a drop would have happened regardless of brexit , but not 96 % . 
  there was an increase in the past few years of eu nurses , a lot of them coming from the mediterranean ( spain/portugal in particular ) . 
  now that southern economies are improving , there would have been an inevitable slowdown in recruitment which has been exasperated by brexit . 
  i think i mentioned this before , but most eu nurses are clustered in london hospitals . 
  those hospitals are the ones in particular that will face the recruitment pressures . 
  but i dont believe they will have much difficulty attracting nurses from abroad to work in london hospitals . 
  exactly . 
  that white paper was blatant protectionism because the big 3 airlines in the us have a shit product and are terrified of more international competition . 
  especially airlines flying international routes from the us . 
  now that trump is in , they are probably more confident in getting their bullshit through . 
  which means their european counterparts are now taking a page out of the same handbook . 
   many also saw it as a protectionist move to shield uncompetitive european carriers , something the commission denies . 
  you dont say ... 
  the largest party is entitled to create a government and try to command the confidence of parliament . 
  only after they fail do other parties have a go . 
  hence why corbyn is demanding a chance by insisting she wont command the confidence of parliament . 
  we can have another general election as soon as possible . 
  [ fixed term parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fixed-term_parliaments_act_2011 ) means an election has to be held at least every 5 years , not that parliament has to wait 5 years . 
  they can call another one after they sit down . 
  well first you have to actually get people to spend money . 
  a lot of the eu countries barely spend more then a few million . 
  yes , million . 
  in comparison , china spends more than the whole eu per year . 
  the us spends 5x more then the combined eu spending , per year . 
  china should reach that level in the next 5 years . 
  the us has been spending that proportion more then the eu for a long time , they have a huge technological lead over europe . 
  so it doesnt matter if some people focus on one thing or another , you literally have to get everyone to start doubling their budgets to make some serious advancements in r&d , otherwise its back to buying from the us regardless . 
  you are misunderstanding the point , its not about strategy of using tactical forces , that is relevant part of military strategy . 
  it 's about not just sending them willy nilly into warzones without sufficient backing militarily and financially . 
   wait a month to gather troops , while the defender has turned the city into a stronghold . 
  nobody takes a month to get troops in . 
  there is nothing wrong with an advanced force , the us is one of the best at sending small tactical teams in advance areas . 
  they do this everywhere from remotest somalia to south america . 
  the issue here is that when the us does this , they make sure they are fully prepared , that there are evacuations ready and waiting for their soldiers . 
  that they are not thrifty or lose with equipment for their soldiers . 
  the issue isnt with the strategy being used , it is with the application of the strategy . 
   wonder if anyone at all is investing in defense research at the moment . 
  it does n't take much to be `` one of '' the biggest spenders . 
  only 3 countries really invest in it . 
  france , uk and germany . 
  together i think they make up ~ 90 % of all r&d spending . 
  ( its worse if you realise a lot of the money in france and uk goes to their nuclear deterrence , especially france , and not research into conventional or futuristic defence initiatives ), 
  that sounds absolutely atrocious . 
  the french fight that way because of circumstances it doesnt mean if there is a concerted european defence integration it should follow the same thriftiness . 
   the french accepted going to mali with insufficient medical evacuation resources , for example . 
  the u.s. military probably would not make that call that is not good and completely unacceptable . 
   in military terms , what the french did was a pinprick , yet it was sufficient to break the rebel advance like placing a rock in the path of a wave . 
  it was , moreover , a risky thing to do : airborne assaults are intrinsically dangerous , all the more so when one has little capacity to reinforce or withdraw the lightly armed soldiers in an emergency . 
  so little chance of getting your soldiers out if you miscalculate and they are outnumbered/outgunned ? 
  not good . 
   in mali , the french forces deployed without sufficient water , but they knew exactly where to get it once there . 
  they knew , moreover , who the local actors were , whom to trust and to what extent , and how to leverage local forces to make up for their own small numbers . 
  how about ... ensuring they have water ? 
   they might act quietly , so quietly we might never hear of it . 
  but one thing is certain : if the french are determined to hurt someone , they will . 
  absolutely no doubt about the quality of the french armed forces but there is a difference when they have a difficult intervention and they are successful against all odds because of their quality and without serious enough political/financial backing , that is commendable . 
  but it should not be used as a basis for a future integrated european defence that will be much larger and have more capabilities . 
  a larger military shouldnt have to accept the above problems . 
   it seems like britain is looking forward to complete their dream : to be usa 2.0  i always have had a huge respect for britain , but wtf , in the last years it looks like the chavs are outnumbering the people . 
  this is so silly . 
  what does that have to do with tabloid papers ? 
  britain invented tabloids , its not surprising the home of tabloids still has plenty of tabloids . 
  they were shit when they were invented in 1890 , they were shit in 1920 's , they were shit when [ hitler ] ( https://tompride.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/german-jews-pouring-into-this-country.jpg ) was around , they were shit when the commies were around and they are still shit today . 
  nothing has changed besides i guess young people learning about them and thinking its the beginning of the end ( or the beginning of usa 2.0 ) . 
  there is a difference between a bank focused on retail customer like santander and lloyd 's , and a global bank that is not ( like barclays and bnp ) only retail but also has large investment banking divisions etc bnp and barclays are important globally because they deal with more money and it 's not limited to retail customers . 
  lbg is the largest retail banking in the uk but it 's nowhere near the most important . 
  and who is also giving weapons to wage war on sunni civilians in yemen ? 
  its a sectarian and tribal conflict , there are no better alternatives . 
  you deal with the world in front of you , not the one you wish it would be . 
  when the brits arrive `` oh man , it 's tough with so many tourists , but you brits are okay , the germans on the other hand ... '' when the germans arrive `` oh man , it 's tough with so many tourists but you germans are okay , the dutch on the other hand ... '' when the dutch arrive `` oh man , it 's tough with so many tourists but you dutch are okay , the chinese on the other hand ... '' when the chinese arrive `` ni hao !, 
   iran is no good guy thank you !, 
  that 's all anyone in this thread was saying . 
  and saudi arabia is just responding to the shit iran is doing . 
  do you see where we go with this ? 
  removing agency from the actions of states is a nice simple way to dispel any criticism . 
  no one is responsible for anything . 
  nice whatabboutism . 
  are we discussing iran here or the west ? 
  we are discussing iran here as that is the whole point of this thread . 
  and nowhere in my post did i try to hide or play down any aspect of the west 's involvements in the middle east . 
  is the actual study only in german ? 
  cant find an english version .
