  `` sorry george , we know you wanted to be minister of _ , but instead we 'll give you the chairmanship of the ____ committee '' . 
  pay rise and little work ( there were chairs who almost never showed up to actual meetings ) for missing out on a bigger post . 
  they are also now under more scrutiny , so they cant brush things under the carpet . 
  the recent sportsdirect committee investigation is a case in point in my opinion , its the committees work that keeps this story in the media . 
  not too long ago , it could have easily been swepped under the carpet . 
  a good example of how this particular reform helped is the health select committee . 
  its current chair is a tory mp that is a doctor , [ sarah wollaston ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarah_wollaston ) . 
  now before these reforms she would not have been anywhere near the possibility of chairing that committee , even with all her experience . 
  the reason is because she was a new mp ( 2010 intake ) , she was not exactly party loyal , so she didnt deserve the post . 
  now with these reforms , mp 's basically elect those they regard as competent in that particular area with a blind vote instead of what the parliamentary whips want . 
  so when you put the question to mp 's , do you want a doctor running the committee or some ex-lawyer career loyalist politician who doesnt really care about health ? 
  its not even a question , she walked easily into the job when the position became vacant . 
  my favourite reform though has to be urgent questions . 
  its a tool of the speaker that was rarely used previously . 
  it basically forces a minister ( any minister ) to come to parliament and answer questions . 
  this question is sent to the speaker by backbench mps . 
  these summons are usually sent in the early morning , 8-9am . 
  they are scheduled anytime during that day . 
  and they have to come , it doesnt matter what they had arranged beforehand . 
  your ass needs to be in parliament urgently ( it has ended more than one `` lunch '' meeting ) . 
  the increased use of this was to fight back against ministers going on tv to make policy changes/statements first and not to parliament first . 
  so if the speaker see something that has happened in the public domain ( or backbench mps do ) and believes its the ministers responsibility to come to address parliament on that issue as a matter of priority , then they have to drag themselves there . 
  it actually has meant ministers come to parliament first more often then not . 
  changing plans at the last minute to write up some answers to prepare for a 30min + grilling in an hours notice , that tends to change habits . 
  also since its topical , if you make a gaffe , you 'll be in the evening news almost definitely . 
  in bercows words , it brings the urgency and topicality back to parliamentary debate and means parliament is debating what the public is debating . 
  i believe the last one was a month or so ago about the strikes/travel disruption on [ southern rail ] ( https://www.parliament.uk/business/news/2016/december/urgent-question-on-southern-rail-services-5-december-2016/ ) and he has done this 300 + times during is time as speaker ( think about all those lunches ! ) . 
  to cut a long post short , he has been instrumental in clipping the governments wings . 
  so the current government for most of his reign has been the tory party and they are not too pleased about it . 
  there is also another reason , its his ... behavior . 
  i like the guy , but everyone knows he has a penchant for being in the spotlight , which is one of the reasons he broke protocol about trumps visit . 
  he seems to enjoy telling off mp 's ( which is his job ) , but takes special pleasure for those in power especially , sometimes going further then just a telling off . 
  some of my favourites : * [ bercow vs cameron ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vspx0oi5xzk ) ( 1:05 ) * [ bercow vs gove ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scxv_twy2e8 ) * [ bercow vs javid ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jseu47wzxtk ) * [ bercow vs soubry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txufgc4u0pq ) you can see why some of them might hate him for showing them up all the time . 
  all of these are ministers in the cabinet from `` his '' party . 
  he does tell off anyone who is misbehaving , but some of his best quips are aimed at the cabinet . 
  he also has a crazy wife that is in the press constantly , which embarrasses the esteemed position he is in ( his wife was photographed snogging another bloke outside a nightclub ... like seriously , wtf ? 
  ) , that seriously rubs against the older members the wrong way . 
  so its a combination of both his reforms affecting the governmenet and his personality ( also i wouldnt expect a feeling of betrayal from a speaker who was nominally a tory but in their eyes helps labour more than them ) . 
  this all came to a head when they tried to get rid of him , but the [ vote failed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-bttebdve0 ) . 
  they will try again and this article is just them trying to build up some steam after he gave them a great opportunity with the trump thing . 
  the ones who are trying to get rid of him probably half agreed about not letting in trump ( although they would have wanted a more subtle refusal ) , its just politics in the end . 
  im guessing an mp sent an intern to watch all his recent speeches hoping to drum up some controversy , found this little snippet , sent it to the torygraph and boom , you have your story . 
  the goal is not about letting trump visit , or chastising him for voting remain ( which is the vast majority of them ) , its to build up enough controversy so they can get rid of him . 
  it was n't chatham house rules . 
  it was a normal lecture to students at a university . 
  he does a few every year at different places , you can find most of them on youtube ( if you 're interested in parliament i 'd suggest giving them a watch ) . 
  this one in particular is already up on youtube on the university of reading youtube channel . 
  he knew it was being filmed as they always are . 
  edit : also this controversy actually has little to do with leave/remain or impartiality in the wider scheme of things but its rather about the politics going on around the speaker , which has been an ongoing drama in parliament for almost a decade now . 
  no use reading articles about bercow without understanding the deep dislike of him held by the past few tory governments which has nothing to do with brexit or trump . 
   but `` labour - stronger in '' . 
  they were knocking on the same doors as we were . 
  they thought that their traditional labour voters would vote remain - they had not realised that poor labour voters were going leave . 
  labour seem to have been the issue . 
  if you had a coherent party with a unified strategy , then i think remain could have won . 
  you get the feeling they just went through the motions and didnt put effort behind it . 
  those failings began at the top and filtered down . 
  which kinda goes back to the historic mistakes the party made with membership during their time in power , they could have taken more responsibility and coherently gone one way instead of the feeble hesitation we saw . 
  everyone was thinking the affluent areas plus the huge immigrant community would push it remain . 
  it almost did , wasnt much in it . 
  but watching my fb feed from old friends ( grew up in brum ) , yep , anecdotally lots of the white working class , big proportion of second/third generation immigrants all voted leave . 
  was enough to swing it the other way . 
  the remain campaign unfortunately were run by idiots , they must have seen a lot of solid red pro immigrant inner city areas and just neglected them . 
  i wish we could find the vote broken down by constituency , it would be fascinating . 
  i have no doubt ladywood , hodge hill and erdington had more leave votes then expected . 
  you also had gisela stuart running around screaming for brexit . 
  she is well respected in edgbaston , i can see her tilting it fully for leave . 
  not sure about ` not lying ' being an essential skill ... i mean , it sure does n't stop you from becoming president . 
  there was a gentlemen agreement on it straight after ww2 . 
  the world bank would be run by a us appointee , the imf by a european appointee . 
  this is just a general agreement and not a rule . 
  this is going to change , lagarde is likely to be last european appointee to head the imf . 
  firstly , its not 1945 , europe is not 50 % of the world economy . 
  our last two appointee are criminals . 
  we forced through the eurozone bailouts by bending some imf rules . 
  our voting share is still disproportionate to the size of our economies ( we have more votes then we should ) . 
  there is going to be more voting reform ( european decrease ) and a new head appointed , after the voting changes is probably going to be when the agreement is finally scrapped . 
  there is a lot of discontent . 
   according to one former staffer , ousmene mandeng ( 2013 ) , the fund `` has been dragged along in an unprecedented set-up as a junior partner within europe , used as a cover for the continent 's policy makers and its independence lost . '' susan schadler ( 2012a ) , former deputy director of the european department ( now a cigi senior fellow ) , accused the institution of `` bowing to the exigencies of european politics . '' echoing similar sentiments , mohamed el-erian ( 2014 ) , also a former staffer , lamented that `` european leaders showed little hesitation in bullying the imf into flouting its own lending rules . '' these critics often blame the imf 's governance problem -- namely , european dominance over the fund 's board and management . 
  as el-erian ( 2011 ) put it , `` many countries interpret the imf 's actions in europe as confirmation that they are members of an institution that speaks about uniformity of treatment but makes large exceptions for its historic masters . '', 
  from past actions , that does seem likely . 
  but now you have [ crazy-in-chief ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/255692718448197633 ) , and its a position that most of the countries outside europe would support ( and to be honest a lot of the populations inside europe ) . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if once he gets whiff of it for something like to be tweeted , `` obama has been giving our tax money to broken greece for free . 
  bad deal !, 
  will fix this '' its not like he will be opposed by the chinese , or brazilians or any others . 
  especially because they are getting tired of european dominance of the institution . 
  [ the sheer amount ] ( https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjwhbfdfxiu/ieziri9crdbq/v2/-1x-1.jpg ) given to one of the richest parts of the world has been ridiculous to outsiders . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  its not really about leaving anything , the previous program has finished . 
  they want them to join a whole new program , which europe cant force on its own . 
  beforehand there was us support , who did not want to see the eurozone collapse and cause global contagion . 
  the others generally went along with the us 's position as the most rational one . 
  once trump appoints someone to the vacant position of us executive director to the imf . 
  we will see if the us will continue this , they are already rumoured to be supporting india/china/sa / brazil in opposing this bailout . 
  [ just read ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-imf-greece-commentary-iduskcn0y80g1 ) what the last us imf director has said last year , if obama guys were backing away from giving greece us taxpayers money , trumps will be full on running . 
  mutti has said germany wont join the bailout , if the imf wont join . 
  this may prove to be a broken promise , as it doesnt look like they are going to join again . 
  so either the eurozone blinks and agrees to the imf demands ( debt relief , fiscal union etc ) or the imf blinks and other countries agree to another bailout . 
  the us + others can easily veto decisions on the board that need the 85 % or 70 % threshold . 
  usually these are the big decisions .
