   `` how do we get rid of you ? '', 
  i think in this instance , the commissioners fail the last test . 
  how can we get rid of oettinger ? 
  he 's a buffoon . 
  straight after saying some racist , homophobic stuff and it was found out he didnt reveal a secret trip with a russian lobbyist , no one could get rid of him as he still had junckers ( and others ) support as germany 's commissioner . 
  he in fact got promoted afterwards . 
  he is not answerable to the public in this process , only juncker . 
  national ministers are still elected and answerable to their own constituents , they need to worry about the public . 
  in this instance the commissioners are only answerable to fellow politicians and not the public . 
  somehow tie the commissioners to actually have to worry about the public as well as their fellow politicians . 
  they almost all are national politicians anyway . 
  or , probably much better , only make mep 's commissioners . 
   the commissioners are technocrats i dont know if i would agree with that . 
  is a politician suddenly a technocrat if they simply change hats ? 
  i think there is usually only 1 non-politician commissioner in every commission while the other 26 + are politicians . 
  they all get into their position through political favours and loyalty . 
  i tend see a technocrat as someone is unaligned politically , intimately involved bureaucracy and does not come from the political world . 
  almost all commissioners would fail this test ( in fact , they would all fail if brexit didnt happen and the uk commissioner was not replaced with a diplomat ) . 
  boris basically invented tabloid brussels bashing . 
  he 's hard to place as he swings whichever way though . 
   why do you have so many toll roads i had a few friends who went to the euros and did little research . 
  their idea was rent a car and have a road trip around france . 
  great idea right ? ... except they didnt budget for the toll roads . 
  they actually hit the first toll and then the second before one of the stopped to wonder whats going on . 
  i couldnt stop laughing when i met them in marseilles and they were already over budget . 
  yea , i see occupied as either living or working somewhere . 
   if by occupied you mean there are people in there , then the g.b. 
  tower is too . 
  oh okay , i thought it was just a simple tower . 
   in that case the churches do n't count either . 
  but churches are occupied though ? 
  i dont understand , are you saying disused churches ? 
   the g.b. 
  tower has roofs , a wall , and is in a permanent place . 
  its just how its described , its rare to call that tower a building . 
   ` building ' is too arbitrary , our tallest building is the gerbrandytower at 372m not for the faint hearted . 
  a [ tower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nonbuilding_structure ) is not a building though . 
   this would allow the uk almost full access to the single market while also letting it make deals without the rest of the eu . 
  you are mixing it up . 
  being part of the eea will give it membership in the single market , not almost full access . 
  but that is not what allows norway to make deals without the rest of the eu , not being part of the customs union is what allows that . 
  norway is part of the eea and so has full access to the single market , but is not part of the customs union so it can make fta deals on goods with other countries ( as long as it doesnt violate existing arrangements ) . 
  what makes the single market , a single market , is not no tariff free trade , thats miniscule . 
  what makes it a single market , is the free movement of goods , services , people and capital . 
  we have almost tariff free trade with canada after ceta , that doesnt mean its almost part of the single market . 
  its the non-tariff regulatory and other barriers ( passporting for example ) which the single market addresses and these are what makes access to the single market much less beneficial then membership in it . 
  a soft brexit , the definition of which has evolved as the discussion has evolved ( which is why i asked for your definition of it ) , was originally about membership in the eea and the single market . 
  the discussion has now shifted to leaving it but getting * access * , while staying in the customs union . 
  this is being called soft brexit , while hard brexit would mean cutting all ties and going out of both arrangements . 
   mhm , definitely no benefits ... 
  yes , the genuine benefits of the single market is not something you can get in an fta . 
  otherwise the single market itself would not have been created and we would be in a free trade area like nafta . 
   basically an eu membership `` light '' . 
  neither of them is because you do not get the benefits of actual eu membership . 
  an fta for access to the single market is not membership light , its not even close . 
  btw , an fta for access to the eu single market is not soft brexit , its usually described as hard brexit . 
  what does soft brexit mean to you ? 
   wishful thinking i guess . 
  by who ? 
  it 's an irishman , a former ambassador , who began the whole thing . 
  nothing to do with the `` british '' media if they simply report on it . 
  a more productive thing would be to read his [ report ] ( https://policyexchange.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/after-brexit-will-ireland-be-next-to-exit-1.pdf ) , and spend some time refuting that . 
  you would be destroying the livelihood of large parts of rural ireland without having a ready alternative in place . 
  brexit is bad enough , that is their largest market which will be heavily impacted , but the subsidies could have kept them afloat as they look to deal with the loss . 
  there is a reason these subsidies exist , and reducing them while they deal with brexit is a horrible situation for the rural economy . 
  it 's a shame . 
  it will divert more fishing vessels to the irish coast . 
  add that to the recent talk coming out of the eu budget discussion , it looks like cap is going to decrease . 
  after brexit the irish needed cap spending to increase to help with the loss , otherwise the irish agricultural sector would be hit incredibly hard . 
  not only does it seem an increase is unlikely , it looks to be going down . 
  the most important thing for ireland now is to make sure the cap does not decrease , otherwise it 's going to be hell . 
  it 's easier to lose jobs in big cities like dublin , losing agriculture business in rural areas destorys vast swathes of communities that do n't have a ready alternative . 
  it 's because if they can make a claim on the seabed resources i.e. 
  the crabs , then in future any claims on energy/oil/minerals on the seabed is stronger . 
  they are basically trying to get you to cave on crabs , then there will be a legal position that explains exploiting crabs and exploiting the potentially large artic energy resources is fair game too . 
  [ norway is not fighting for it 's crabs ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/of-crustaceans-and-oil-the-case-of-the-snow-crab-on-svalbard/ ) it 's fighting for it 's oil . 
  it is one . 
  it supports expansion of the eu and deeper integration . 
  it does a lot of work around those issues and how a stronger , more centralised eu can improve foreign policy . 
  its a think tank of europhiles . 
  i can say that having attended talks and read its report and recommendation it gives out . 
  this is not a slight on it , i like the think tank , but its position is clear as are the position of its founder , mark leonard . 
  it would be kinda weird for a eu federalist think tank to be based in a state that has left the eu . 
  although , i do have time for mark leonard . 
  i still have his book why europe will run the 21st century . 
  it was written before the financial crash , it 's an interesting glimpse at a lost opportunity and even if a bit dated i think it 's worth a read even with the unfortunate title . 
  you havent been to wales have you ? 
  that is exactly the case . 
  all public services are dual-lingual and you have the right to have it in welsh . 
  this stretches even to the bbc who have their own welsh version in welsh . 
  you can live in wales and not speak a word of english . 
  the increase in debt is due to the bailouts and the recession . 
  which both countries have tackled similarly . 
  to understand austerity you do not look at national debt , but the deficit . 
  which is the difference between the governments expenditure and its intake , and that difference is what they need to borrow from the market . 
  in your same link , if you scroll down you will see the decrease in the budget deficit , that is the impact of austerity . 
  the aim of austerity is not to bring the debt down directly , it is to slow the increase in debt . 
  its confusing and more complicated than that , but the above poster is right , they dont have freedom of movement . 
  it says eu on the passport because they have a special status with the eu but they are not technically part of it . 
  it depends on their status .
