  as the city of london has ditched passporting , they only want equivalence now . 
  the main thing the eu could do is to try and take euro clearing , however the downsides to the euro as an internationally trading currrency will probably make them think twice ( i.e. 
  you force it to be done in the eu means when europe sleeps , the euro doesnt trade so its no longer a 24hr traded currency comparable to the dollar or yen but a step below etc ), 
   when you think about it , this whole article is non-news . 
  hah ... yep . 
  but thats not really the same case is it ? 
  i think most people here are discussing when the ethnicities are relatively evenly balanced . 
  the vast majority of bulgaria still seems bulgarian ( it says 80 + % on wikipedia ) . 
   bulgaria is it ? 
  what makes it multi-ethnic ? 
  what they are doing is splitting off the gas distribution business for england that national grid own . 
  so [ 3 ] ( http://www.energynetworks.org/info/faqs/gas-distribution-map.html ) in this picture . 
  that split means a new company will be created owned 39 % by national grid and the rest by the consortium . 
  that means the new investors have the scope to invest more to make it more profitable . 
  and yes , dividends are good mainly because you get almost guaranteed profit ( price controls etc ) , their profit last year was a billion ( only second to their electricity transmission business ) . 
  national grid are trying to expand into the us market for gas distribution and capital is needed for that . 
  they will still continue to keep their electricity distribution , electricity transmission , and gas transmission businesses in the uk . 
  well it didnt matter to the uk more then it did for france . 
  if you researched the you would realise its actually a deal between edf ( who are building it ) and china . 
  the problem is edf was broke and we were too deep into the construction to fix this , we threw taxpayer money to keep them afloat . 
  that wasnt enough and the eu began making noises about state aid . 
  the same time edf which is owned by the french state and is in some precarious finances , needed money to continue with the project otherwise cancelling it would have almost certainly meant a huge bailout for the french state of edf . 
  nobody had the cash for it , and nobody that was stupid enough to put up money before ( british gas left the deal early on after realising their were too many problems ) wanted to do it again . 
  the uk government then came up with a deal where they promised any investor they would be able to sell the energy 3x current market value for the next 35 years guaranteed . 
  finally the chinese came in and saved everyone 's ass , and bought shares into it . 
  this saved edf , which saved the french , and meant finally the damn thing would be built and no more money thrown in . 
  the uk government though had to go to edf now and force them to get a clause that says they cant sell their shares unless authorised . 
  so at least now that they were saved they wont ditch it at the first opportunity . 
  the main issue with espionage is the technology being transferred . 
  as its all french built and french technology , i dont think we particularly cared . 
  the french needed the money but you can be certain they will want to make sure they are n't stolen from . 
  one of the reasons we went to all this trouble for edf is because during the recession the french/edf came to our help to buy british energy and save it . 
  its not about any of that , its about dividends . 
  the main buyer is an australian investment firm , with secondary investments coming from germany ( allianz ) , qatar ( their sovreign wealth fund ) and china . 
  this is how a stock market works ... 
   like not even the pro-eu people could be bothered to make an argument for a greater union with their neighbours and anti-eu folks did n't even make an argument for national sovereignty . 
  the anti-eu group definitely did . 
  thats all they seemed to talk about . 
  how did you keep upto date with the referendum ? 
  the pro-eu side had the unfortunate position of the majority of people not liking the eu status quo . 
  or the future federalism of the eu . 
  so they couldnt make an argument for a greater union with their neighbours as that would lose votes not win it . 
  if they followed your path , this referendum would have been lost by an even wider margin . 
  your strategy might have worked in germany , it wouldnt have in the uk . 
  the part i was picking on is your use of the word foreigners . 
  you differentiated between them and the `` taxpayers '' , implying they are different . 
  you might be surprised to find that foreigners can be taxpayers , hence why i said you are sounding like a bigoted brexiteer . 
  although may wants too , the echr which is outside the eu , is complicated for us to leave . 
  they 've said they would make a decision on it after the next election at 2020 . 
  in the end i dont think she will have the support to leave it . 
   let 's not talk about the fact that some hospitals are overcrowded by foreigners , while the actual taxpayers have to wait like everyone else ironically starting to sound like a brexiteer . 
  new zealand . 
  replace everything in your sentence that derisively talks about the anglosphere with new zealand . 
  then you will see how silly you sound . 
  so tell me , how does lecturing new zealand , who has not invaded and bombed iraq or libya or syria , unlike most of europe , has to be responsible for the resulting mess ? 
  just because they speak english does not mean you can just push your prejudice about english speaking nations on them . 
  new zealand has done more for peace and stability in the world then the vast majority of european countries , the majority of whom were happy to bomb the middle east to nothing alongside the `` anglosphere '' and now turn around and lecture them about taking in refugees . 
   well , think again , cause most of english immigrants are retired , so they basically do n't contribute to the country . 
  they have good pensions that allows them to pay for goods and services . 
  that is contributing . 
   in fact , they have been spoiling our healthcare system by using it and not contributing . 
  the bill goes to the uk , spain does n't pay for their healthcare . 
   she said there were no plans to link such an accord with new zealand 's willingness to take in more refugees you would hope so . 
  what 's scary is that tusk/juncker took the time to berate the new zealand pm on new zealands refugee policy , this reached a point where merkel actually had to emphasise that any trade deal wont have a refugee aspect to it . 
  ridiculous . 
  you would think they would be discussing how to get a trade deal ready rather then lecturing countries on the other side of the world that they should take more refugees from our doorstep . 
  he does n't really touch on the impacts here . 
  there is currently only one really working engine of world growth , the us consumer . 
  until that changes , and with china continually slowing , europe ( especially the german economy ) will fold before the us does . 
  when you have low consumption and a high trade surplus to achieve growth , you become the main risk when external trade slows down or has barriers . 
  this is the exact situation germany find itself in . 
  it had a trade surplus of almost 9 % of gdp last year !, 
  a record . 
  if you are relying on exports to fuel growth , and the biggest world consumer begins putting difficult barriers , there is a massive problem . 
  far larger for us , then for them . 
  they have enough consumption and capital to ride out almost anything , the european economy does n't . 
  if germany splutters , the rest of the eu 's 0-1 % growth per year crew will suffer . 
  when growth stalls , the debt crisis will raise its head again . 
  i think we will be far more fucked then the united states , and it 's not even about radical steps like leaving wto . 
  look at the us-german trade surplus . 
  the biggest and easiest scalp for the us is germany not china . 
  it has doubled in a decade ( the euro crisis meant southern european markets were replaced with the us ) and it 's far more egregious then china when you compare it relative to its size in the world economy . 
  with the car industry , volkswagen has already given him enough ammunition to take a big scalp out of the german car industry without violating wto rules . 
  europe unfortunately does not have a strong economy and has n't had one since the crisis . 
  we are far more at risk then is being implied , the main engine of growth is based on trade abroad and not consumption at home , so we are even more at risk of changing global conditions . 
  it 's political empowerment they mainly beat you on . 
  their women go higher up in the political/judicial system . 
  i do n't even remember the last time bangladesh was not being run by a women . 
  it 's obviously better being female in a developed country , but that is also the case for a being male . 
  because it happened not 300 years ago but in the early 20th century . 
  in a country with a population half the size of croatia . 
  it was an act of inhumanity reaching a large scale . 
   , next tuesday , the european parliament seriously grauniad , how do you begin an article with a comma ? 
  anyway , she 's a green so its impossible for her to become it but i learnt her name which ultimately i guess is the whole point of this . 
  probably setting herself up to stand for the green party elections in 2018 . 
  oh , we under-report by [ one-fifth ] ( http://www.justiceinspectorates.gov.uk/hmic/news/news-feed/victims-let-down-by-poor-crime-recording/ ) as well . 
  they just take like 20 % and set them as no crime , always fiddling the figures . 
  they applied for it at the last hour ( a few days before the deadline ) because they needed to be convinced to take the money . 
  the mp responsible was a brexiteer and the [ hansard ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201516/cmhansrd/cm160225/debtext/160225-0001.htm ) for it is interesting ( search `` eu solidarity fund '' ) . 
  with one conservative mp sarcastically saying hallejuah now that they finally agreed to take the funding .
