  dude no , that 's not cool . 
  i believe that she was unable to have kids . 
  she should n't be mocked for that , even if she is a authoritarian , puritanical cow . 
  it will become important one day though right , what with the free movement of people and all ? 
  what i * did n't * know is that iceland 's area is larger than ireland . 
  cool . 
  so bulgaria and romania should be adopting the euro next year then . 
  i 'll let them know lol . 
  https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@51.3261955,0.6245146,10.25z why do you say british radio is fucked up ? 
   some smaller town , cant recall the name north or south ? 
  what city were you near ? 
  to whit , might i add , you have put money on . 
  i made a mistake , i started talking about holyrood ( the seat of the scottish devolved parliament ) when we were actually talking about westminster , the uk parliament . 
  but let 's talk about holyrood . 
  there are 131 members of the scottish parliament , but only 129 of those are directly elected . 
  the remaining 2 members are the scottish law officers -- the lord advocate and the solicitor general for scotland , who are not elected members of the parliament but are members of the scottish government . 
  whether or not they are also members of parties i do n't know . 
  a working majority means that a party has more msps than any other party , but not more than all the others combined . 
  so if the snp for instance wins 60 seats , and the remaining 69 are split evenly between labour , the lib dems and ukip , then they have more seats than those parties ( who each have 23 seats ) and have the right to form a government . 
  but if those parties were to join together they would have a combined total of 69 seats . 
  since each seat is 1 vote , they could outvote the government . 
  but if the snp won 65 seats then they would have more seats than the other parties combined . 
  so even if labour won 22 and the lib dems and ukip each won 21 , their total number of seats ( and therefore votes ) would only total 64 . 
  not enough to outvote the government . 
  unless of course any of the snp members decided to vote against the government . 
  eh , it 's only # 5 . 
  i would like to say though that , as you 're aware , people voting for parties does n't mean that they support all of their goals . 
  people may vote for the snp for instance if they want more devolved powers for scotland , but be prepared to vote ` no ' in an independence referendum . 
  plus the tories are still the tories . 
  scotland * hates * the tories , always has done . 
  a lot of people might change their mind between now and june 8th , or might still be on the fence . 
  for instance i went into the eu referendum fairly confident i would vote to remain , but there were a few seconds where i considered voting to leave . 
  hmm , so then out of the total number of votes cast in scottish parliamentary seats for westminster , you predict that the `` votes for con/lab/libdem / ukip will be more than 50 % of votes in scotland '' ? 
  then i predict that of the total number of votes cast in scottish parliamentary seats for westminster , the votes for parties committed to indepenence will be more than 50 % of votes in scotland . 
   i am talking about the general election in the uk , not in the next scottish election . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  i do n't know why i started thinking of holyrood . 
  couple of things that just occured to me : are we talking about scottish people only , or all people who are eligible to vote in a scottish parliamentary seat e.g. 
  an english , welsh or northern irish person , or immigrants who have gained uk citizenship , whether from within or outside the eu ? 
  and how do we define scottish ? 
  do they have to have been born in scotland , or need only one or both of their parents be scottish , even if they themselves were born outside of scotland ? 
  i think my friend 's czech mate ( lol ) had that problem a number of years ago . 
  he was a qualified electrician in the czech republic , but had to get whole new qualifications when he came over here . 
  this is just what i seem to recall my friend telling me , i may be incorrect . 
  i might be willing to be # 5 but i 'd want to reach an agreement on the terms first . 
  are we talking about a majority of eligible voters or a majority of votes cast ? 
  if the former than what does the turnout have to be ( that 's not up for negotiation , it 's purely mathematics ) . 
  or does the snp have to hold a majority of seats in holyrood ? 
  and if so is it a majority of the total electable seats i.e. 
  129 , or a majority of the total number of seats i.e. 
  is it simply a working majority e.g. 
  60 msps , or does it have to be an outright majority e.g. 
  what about other , fringe parties that might also support independence ? 
  and independent candidates . 
  if they 're not a member of a party , despite supporting independence , then do they count ? 
  what qualifies as supporting independence ? 
  do they have to have it in their manifesto ? 
  on their website ? 
  or does their leader simply have to say that they support independence ? 
  does it have to have the unanimous support of all members of the party ? 
  or just currently elected msps , or registered to stand as candidates on june 8th ? 
  this is fun , even if we do n't go ahead with it . 
  this block of text adequately highlights the problem with the eu referendum . 
   which would be fine , this man is a disaster on two legs . 
  why do you think that if i might ask ? 
  i am under the impression - though i admit i do n't know where it came from - that the man is almost universally liked by the citizens of other eu members . 
  that it 's just in the uk that he is not thought so highly of among a large proportion ( if not the majority ) of the citizens . 
  why did we deindustrialise ? 
  why is it that we ca n't compete with countries like germany or france ? 
  their standard of living must be about the same as ours , therefore their wages must be about the same as ours , surely ? 
  so it ca n't be that we enjoy * too * high a standard of living . 
   still no true single market for services . 
  how so ? 
  this is a genuine question , i do n't really understand the single market . 
   we are also about to see a general election in the uk in which a majority of scottish people vote for parties committed to staying in the uk . 
  i think it 's a bit early to say that . 
  which of those countries was the last to adopt the euro and when did they do it ? 
  i ask because bulgaria still has not adopted it , and they joined three years after those other countries . 
  what does disingenuous mean ? 
  what in the hell are you two even arguing about ? 
  how about fifa ' 96 , the last time that england were halfway decent ? 
   passengers on flights covered by the restrictions are required to carry anything bigger than a smartphone in checked baggage . 
  but aviation experts say storing large numbers of devices with lithium batteries in the cargo hold of a plane constitutes a fire risk . 
  how does the quantity affect the fire risk ? 
  we had mother 's day on the 26th of march . 
   according to amnesty international , producer franco belsito had produced about 1,000 flags per year for 18 years , and suddenly had to cope with a demand in the range of millions . 
  [ 12 ] damn , he cashed in . 
  it may be because i 'm hungover but i have no idea what you 're on about . 
  who 's turn ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  does this mean they want to punish us or just be firm with us and secure a good deal for themselves ? 
  'cause the latter is compeltely fair , whereas the former is just being a dick . 
  i went to japan the other year . 
  i was out in kyoto on a wednesday or thursday night and saw plenty of salarymen who were pissed as farts . 
  and these are guys who have to get up to go to work in the morning . 
  i 'd never do that . 
  ok , cool . 
  so when you comment on any turkish issue do people ever , you know ... question your motives ? 
  you know , with the whole armenian thing ? 
  i mean i understand why you 'd dislike the turks and all , what with them being colossal dicks to the armenians .
