  that 's hardly a reason for us to get on with it . 
  if the rest of the eu would like us to start to official negotiations swiftly then they need to make it clear why it is in * our * interest to do so . 
  sorry but cameron was directly elected by his constituents to represent his constituency , and then indirectly elected by the rest of the electorate . 
  we know who our prospective prime minister will potentially be when we vote , as the prime minister is , by convention , the leader of the party that wins the most seats at the general election . 
  junker was nominated by the european council , then elected by the european parliament . 
  at no point did any member of the electorate of any eu country directly elect junker to his position . 
  as for stalling , that 's in our interests . 
  while the country is fractured -- and now in essence leaderless with the forthcoming resignation of cameron -- our position is not strong at the negotiating table . 
  we have decided that we wish to leave the eu . 
  but before we do that we must sort out our internal politics . 
  there is also the potential , however minute , of a second referendum . 
  farage stated last month that if the leave campaign lost by a small margin there would be a calls for second referendum . 
  [ in fact at the time i am writing this there is a petition on the government website for just that . 
  ] ( https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/131215 ) secondary sources ' for farage 's comments : * http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36306681 * http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/nigel-farage-eu-referendum_uk_576e6585e4b08d2c56393f12 * http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/nigel-farage-wants-second-referendum-7985017 * http://metro.co.uk/2016/06/24/remember-that-time-nigel-farage-said-52-48-votes-should-lead-to-second-referendum-5963900/ i say again that i think that we should remain in the eu . 
  but collectively we have decided to leave . 
  i respect that decision even if i disagree with it . 
  it is now our decision when to start the formal process . 
  not . 
  your . 
  decision . 
  i voted remain , but was n't this one of the reasons so many voted leave ? 
  because they were sick and tired of other european nations telling us what to do ? 
  like it or not it is * entirely * our decision when to trigger article 50 . 
  ooh i like that . 
  oh gods no , not the french . 
  most of the people are the bastardised sons and daughters of anglo-saxons , celts , normans and vikings . 
  mostly anglo-saxons . 
  too scouse ; let 's make it sheffield !, 
  i 'm only joking . 
  i just thought it 'd be a funny suggestion because that is one of the stereotypes . 
  not really europeans ? 
  who ? 
  i saw that book in waterstones last year . 
  is it a good read ? 
  how do you feel about edf having a stake in a british nuclear power plant ? 
  this is n't a pop at the french btw . 
  i 'm uncomfortable with any foreign government or company being involved in our nuclear power . 
  i think that nuclear power is one of those areas where it should be a joint venture between a nation 's government and a company ( or companies ) from that nation only . 
  do any foreign companies/governments have any involvement in france 's nuclear power plants . 
  craaaaap !, 
  there 's always someone who starts this lol . 
  just like there 's always some who pops up with the mom x son masturbation story . 
  i 'm sure there are but i do n't know any . 
  i have n't tried looking any up either . 
  i do n't follow music very closely , and the only time i here of new bands is if they 're recommended to me . 
  why should they not have let spain in ? 
  i do n't know any dutch metal bands . 
  i like rammstein though . 
  well thankfully the education system is so unbalanced in the uk ( it 's either pretty good or it sucks donkey balls ) so i do n't have to worry about competing for the number one spot . 
  personally i do n't see the eu wanting to piss off spain , so i guess it 's a good thing that you do n't support the eu and do n't care if they do n't support you . 
  nb : i 'm not expressing an opinion one way or another on the topic of catalan independence ( or basque for that matter ) . 
  i do n't know anything about it for a start , but more importantly that 's an internal matter for spain , and other countries should keep their noses out . 
   it 's insanely stupid how they do n't allow this wait , so the eu should support people in one part of a country unilaterally just splitting off from the rest ? 
  it 's fine if they want to support self-determination , but they should n't support it being done unilaterally , and they * definitely * should n't comment on the matter , other than to say that it 's an internal matter for the member state . 
  nb : i have nothing against scotland wanting to leave ; if they want to leave that 's fine , but it should be done with the agreement of both parties . 
  i 'm bringing scotland up first because i assume if i do n't then it 'll be used to dismiss me as a salty englishman otherwise . 
  wait , i get the flag and belgium , but what 's finland got to do with anything ? 
  i 'm with vodafone and i 've still got another year left on my contract . 
  i 'll definitely shop around next time though . 
  what loopholes are you referring to ? 
   1gb of data , 600 minutes of calls and 225 sms ranged from $ 60 in hungary and i though the uk was expensive . 
  i pay # 30-something a month for 1gb of data and unlimited calls and texts . 
  [ i know nothing . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hithrihwqde ), 
  i am under the impression that germany has a fantastic rail system . 
  is this not the case ? 
  i 'd like to see a map of all the pubs in europe . 
  is it our moral duty to develop their countries ? 
  all i hear from newspapers and tv reports and governments and experts is that immigrants , be they refugees or migrants , do improve economies . 
  since i 'm no expert on economics i can only trust what they say . 
  if i did n't i 'd become the next michael gove . 
   they need to accept that we have different values . 
  they are not on a vacation and they do not have a right to impose their culture on others as they are just here temporarily until the situation calms down and they can go back . 
  i 'd be very interested to see how many do return when and if the situation in the middle east calms down enough to allow it . 
  i 'd be very surprised if the middle east calms down in our lifetime . 
  in which case the refugees will stay here , build a life for themselves and have children here . 
  and those children , having been born here , will be legally entitled to remain . 
  but evidense suggests that many that will be their parents have no interest in integrating with our culture . 
  which means that their children , the ones who will have the legal right to remain , will also not integrate , and instead will try to change our culture rather than adapt to it . 
  i do n't think / u/tayvingoldberg meant that brexit was the train wreck , or the cause of the trainwreck . 
  i think they meant that gb is a trainwreck and now has brexit too . 
  my apologies , i 'm not sure how i can word it any simpler . 
  it 's the weakness of the internet . 
  it 'd be easier to explain what i mean in person . 
  as i understand it your governments tend to make a bit of noise about gibraltor , but what is the average spanish person 's opinion on the matter ? 
  do certain demographics see it differently than others ? 
  you have insulted my honour for the last time !, 
  i challenge you to fisticuffs at dawn you damn frenchie !, 
  huh . 
  well now , there 's a thing . 
  and yet you ca n't deliver monel 400 or titanium gr . 
  2 explosive clad a516 gr . 
  60 plates on time . 
  we do ? 
  if i could be bothered i 'd comment on every thread about brexit the same way : `` look , i agree that brexit is not going to be great . 
  i agree that we will suffer from it . 
  but the sky is not going to fall in . 
  the uk will still be a success . 
  probably not as much of a success as we would be were we to remain in the eu , but we are not going to become a third-world country for fucks sake . 
  our economy is too large , and even after leaving the eu , though diminished , our influence will still be great . '',
