  ok , point . 
  that is a dick move on our part . 
  wait ... what ? 
   ( sorry non-francophone readers , i do n't feel qualified to translate legal documents  :(, 
   you are reaching new levels of condescendance even for france . 
  hey , hey now , self-deprecating humour is our thing , keep your slimy ( what do frogs have , hands ? 
  feet ? ), 
  off frenchie . 
  this is a dick move by spain and the eu . 
   irish whisk * e * y ftfy . 
  that 's pretty cool , i did n't know the union jack had a correct way up . 
   but this is france , where `` reform '' is a bad word when did france stop liking reforming things ? 
  your reformed a lot during the late 18th-century and much of the 19th-century !, 
  i thought kemal atat\u00fcrk overthrew the ottoman empire , similar to how lenin overthrew the russian empire . 
  is this incorrect ? 
  i do n't disagree with you , but the article does raise a fair point :  america might reasonably reply that the eu is not a state , and that the united states has the right to impose whatever restrictions it likes on individual countries . 
  i think that what the eu parliament voted for , and what the commission will now consider , is a good thing , but the eu is not a state and there are some things that i do n't think it should intervene in unless requested . 
  if bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , poland and romania have each individually requested the eu 's assistance though then fine . 
  if you ever decide to visit the uk then i recommend not limiting yourself to london . 
  the north of england , for example , has some beautiful scenery . 
  the peak district comes to mind . 
  i live in sheffield , a city which borders the peak district , and i 'm determined that this year i will spend more time there . 
  during our two days of summer of course . 
   650 or so exactly 650 seats . 
  however , a few years ago there was an attempt by the tories to lower the number of mps to 600 and consolidate some constituencies into others . 
  which sounds good on the face of it ( less mps , less scandals and ridiculous wages ) , until you realise that the border consolidations and cuts to the number of mps would have almost entirely benefited the tories at the expense of labour . 
  gerrymandering , in other words . 
  how about a german taking over austria ? 
   the rules could also pose a threat to the city of london after the uk completes its brexit divorce from the european union . 
  i assume this is because * if * the us banks decided to keep their main base of operations in london , they would still need to have a smaller subsidiary in at least one eu country , because of the need to keep that large amount of capital in the eu . 
  therefore it makes sense to move their main operation to the eu and have their small subsidiary in london . 
   outgoing u.s. treasury secretary jacob lew has repeatedly accused the europeans of disproportionately focusing on u.s. corporations . 
  was the us 's decision to force foreign banks to keep large amounts of capital * explicitly * or * overtly implicitly * aimed at european banks ? 
  if so then this seems incredibly hypocritical of mr. lew . 
  and if it was aimed , was it aimed at eu banks or european banks ? 
  because the two are not one and the same . 
  well what about if someone wanted to market their whisky as ` tennessee whisky ' ? 
  i 'm not sure if tennessee is particularly famous for its whisky , but if it is then someone could brew whisky in , say florida , and market it as being from tennessee , as tennessee is ( in my scenario ) a much more famous place for brewing whisky , and therefore marketing it as coming from there could boost sales . 
  it 's the same as scotch for instance . 
  because scotland is famous for its whisky , [ by law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scotch_whisky ) for a brewer to market their whisky as scotch it must come from scotland and it must be brewed in a certain manner . 
  this ensures that people ca n't take advantage of the reputation to increase sales of their whisky , and possibly damage the reputation of scotch in the process if their product was of a poor quality . 
  i 'm just saying that i think it makes sense to protect certain ubiquitous names and stop people from taking advantage of them for their own profiteering . 
  for some reason i would think that this is something the us could get behind , and i do n't understand the reluctance . 
  the ` cornish pasty ' would be an example in england , and i 'm not sure but i think cheddar cheese must come from cheddar to actually be called cheddar cheese . 
  does n't jack daniels actually have to come from tennessee to be called jack daniels ? 
  because it 's specifically marketed as jack daniels ** tennessee ** whisky is n't it ? 
  there are plenty , although how common they are i ca n't say . 
  i ca n't think of many at the moment , apart from ` uber ' ( usually spelt without the umlaut i think ) , or blitz ( short for blitzkrieg ) . 
  there are serveral on [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outline_of_german_expressions_in_english#other_aspects_of_everyday_life ) wikipedia page , although again , i ca n't talk as to their frequency in conversation . 
  ` schadenfreude ' i see used online sometimes , and ` wanderlust ' occasionally . 
  some are used simply because they 're the names of things , such as volkswagen , budweiser or rottweiler . 
  in fact i never even considered that ` rottweiler ' is a german word , although it does n't surprise me in the least . 
  a lot of them , examples of which are given further down that page , are very niche and will only be used by people in a particular industry or academic field . 
  what 're pdos ? 
  it 's a loan word . 
  we use them a lot , some more than others . 
  like ` au fait ' , ` zeitgeist ' and ` ciao ' . 
  some are used more than others , and they can be used for a variety of reasons . 
  some may be popularised by a tv character , some because people think it makes them sound smart or cultured ( even in england , places like france and italy are considered to be cultural places ) , and some because it 's quicker than saying the same thing in english . 
  take ` zeitgeist ' for example : if i wanted to express the meaning of zeitgeist in english i would say `` the spirit of the times '' . 
  this is because there 's no english like-for-like equivalent , and so it 's quicker for me to say ` zeitgeist ' . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of examples of people from other countries using english words because of the reasons outlined above . 
  as for why i used ` spiel ' , it 's because i could n't think of a single english word that encompasses the meaning i wanted to convey , and enough people know what spiel means that it does n't sound odd to use it in conversation . 
  the closest english equivalent i can think of is [ ` sales talk ' ] ( http://www.thesaurus.com/browse/spiel ) but that does n't have wholly the same meaning as ` spiel ' , although it is very close . 
  you might like [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/comedy/onlyfools/lingo/euro.shtml ) list of mispronounced words or phrases used by the character del boy in the sitcom * only fools and horses * . 
  he commonly uses them in an attempt to sound cultured and worldly . 
  edit : added a link to thesaurus.com, 
  but how many of you actually * do * want us to go , rather than for us to just stop having tantrums ? 
  the who said it best - `` you ca n't always get what you want , but if you try sometimes , you get what you need . '', 
  at the end of the day we 're going to need to put up or shut up . 
  i do n't think any of them believe their spiel for a second , they 're just saying what they think the public wants to hear from them , all the while hoping that someone will come along and save them from the nightmare they find themselves in , and stop them from having to face the harsh reality that they 're going to have to make a choice that is going to make half the voters deeply unhappy with them , one way or another . 
  be very sceptical when it comes to * anything * the daily mail says . 
  there 's a reason their nickname is the ` daily fail ' . 
  parliament is sovereign in this country , so as long as the money is owed to institutions based in this country then yes , the government could cancel all debts owed by private citizens to banks * and * seize the money the elites have in the banks . 
  the problem is : a ) what about money owed to banks that are not in this country ; and b ) as / u/printzonic pointed out , doing so would tank our economy faster than the iceberg sank the titanic . 
  i think you overestimate us . 
  so even the right wing do n't like le pen ? 
  where does france 's right wing sit in comparison to the uk ? 
  i 've heard it said that the uk 's largest right wing party , the conservatives , are left of the democrats , the us 's left wing party . 
  and france has been a much more socialist state than the uk for years now , so are your right wing parties to the left of our left wing parties , such as the liberal democrats or labour ? 
  no i 'm not . 
  i 'm not proud to be european . 
  nor am i proud to be united kingdoman , british or english . 
  neither white , male nor straight . 
  take pride in your accomplishments or actions , not in an accident of birth . 
  if you are proud to be european that 's fine . 
  but you damn well better not look down on people who are proud to be their nationality . 
  what makes your european nationalism any better or less petty than someone 's more narrow , country-aligned nationalism ? 
  edinburgh present but no cardiff or belfast !, 
  i do n't get it . 
  i know what the molotov-ribbentrop pact was , but i do n't get your joke . 
  they have quite a few successful steel mills , mostly producing forgings and pipes rather than plate or bar . 
  i do n't know either of those books ; what are they about ? 
  i do n't get the joke . 
  what does btfd mean ? 
  and `` sell '' in this context ? 
  i thought article 50 was clear on how the process could be stopped ; that it requires the agreement of both parties i.e. 
  the uk and the eu ? 
  i do n't know how much it was due to labour doing better , but the conservatives did * a lot * worse . 
  it was fucking comical actually .
