i forgot how to say finnish . 
  does it matter ? 
  you can call me an englander if you want . 
  this sounds like cooperation without federalisation or a single eu military . 
  i can get on board with this . 
  i dunno about fine but you can get plenty of cheap plonk at any decent sized supermarket and most of it 's perfectly drinkable , even likeable . 
  you can have him if you want . 
  please ? 
  i dunno , what are finlanders like ? 
  what 's the stereotype ? 
  how do you spell it ? 
  i went to bulgaria in may . 
  after going out one night i came back to my hotel and got speaking to this guy who was outside smoking . 
  turns out he was romanian . 
  he and his brother were getting a flight the next day ( either greece or romania , ca n't remember which ) . 
  i remember drinking vodka with him at the hotel bar and their room . 
  then not so much . 
  woke up the next day in my bed with a hangover and no phone . 
  might have been him , might have left it in the taxi . 
  even if i did leave it in the taxi ( which is actually more likely ) i learned a valuable lesson -- do n't drink vodka with a romanian !, 
  especially if you 're been drinking for about twelve hours already . 
  other than that i 've no complaints . 
  i 've heard bucharest is nice , would like to visit some day . 
  just hope it does n't turn out to be like sofia . 
  plovdiv is nice , sofia not so much . 
  the feeling 's mutual . 
  what about rammstein , they 're pretty good ? 
  did n't it just jump ship ? 
  i do n't really know much as i do n't watch it but i do n't think it was cancelled , i think channel 4 paid a shit-tonne of money for it or something . 
  i 've had one ( large ) glass and that 's enough . 
  it 's 5:47 am and i am dog tired . 
  i would back this and happily take this offer . 
   it is totally unacceptable for certain citizens in the uk to subject themselves to laws which are created by politicians who are not accountable the british people as a whole . 
  i fail to see how i 'd be subjecting myself to eu laws . 
  they would have no power over me while i was in the uk . 
  the only way i 'd subject myself to their laws was if i were to be in an eu country , and when you visit a country you subject yourself to their laws for as long as you 're in their country . 
  just pourned myself a glass . 
  cheers . 
  shit , i forgot i 'd got a bottle in the cupboard . 
  do you think 4:45 am is too late to start drinking ? 
  i 've got the day off today so that i could watch the results come in ( i 'm sad i know ) , so i do n't have to worry about driving to work drunk or doing my job drunk . 
  that 's not why i want to leave . 
  i want to leave because we voted leave . 
  i may not like it but that 's democracy . 
  you ca n't just ignore a result you do n't like . 
  the reason for the result may have been mostly bullshit , but it 's people 's right to be ignorant and to act on that ignorance . 
  churchill said that democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others that have been tried . 
  did the same thing happen to ireland 's after the uk referendum ? 
  in what way ? 
  i voted to remain in the eu . 
  but i want us to leave . 
   jupp\u00e9 or cop\u00e9 never heard of 'em . 
  how important is international recognition for people aiming to be president of france ? 
  you 're not gon na like my answer . 
  and not for the reason you think . 
  as far as i 'm aware there are n't any other realistic options than those three . 
  is that right ? 
  how so ? 
  i know that hollande is n't popular , but what about sarkozy or le pen ? 
  any chance a trump victory might take some of the negative attention off of us ? 
  can i come ? 
  i do n't speak german but i 'm happy to learn . 
  bbc says clinton at 197 and trump on 187 . 
  of course they have to look at the evidence . 
  my mum was on the jury that convicted them . 
  fury ? 
  where ? 
  i have n't heard any fury . 
  are you sure that * you 're * not * creating * the `` fury '' ? 
  that 's only scotland , not the rest of us . 
   the thing is that if parliament only gets to vote once a deal has been reached , that implies the alternative at that point is a ` dirty brexit ' with no agreement whatsoever . 
  what today 's ruling means is that the government can not trigger article 50 without first getting approval from parliament , without which there will be no brexit whatsoever , be it dirty , clean , hard or soft . 
  what i 'm saying is that hypothetically parliament could refuse to allow the government to trigger article 50 until the government and the eu have negotiated on the terms . 
  but the eu wo n't negotiate terms until article 50 has been triggered . 
  this would put us in a stalemate . 
  the only way then would be for the rest of the eu to kick us out , and i do n't know if there is a mechanism in place for the eu to forcefully expel one of its members . 
  personally i think it 's unlikely to happen . 
  if the government can persuade parliament that they have a clear strategy in mind for handling these negotiations then parliament must give it 's approval to trigger article 50 . 
  not to do so would mean essentially ignoring the referendum , which would cause a major political crisis in the uk . 
  i love that show , i 've got them all on dvd . 
  they represent their constituents , not the country as a whole . 
  not everyone would agree with that though . 
  i certainly think it is more nuanced than your statement implies . 
  to me they 'd clearly have to vote against brexit , as they are elected to represent their constituents , not the country as a whole . 
  i 'm more interested personally in a constituency where the mp 's and constituents opinions differ i.e. 
  pro-leave mp with pro-remain constituents or pro-remain mp with pro-leave constituents . 
  i think an mp 's position is difficult , because on the one hand they 're elected to represent their constituents , and on the other they 're supposed to use their best judgement on behalf of their constituents . 
  in that case i think it would come down to where the mp personally draws the line between representing the will of their constituents and acting in the best interests ( or what they believe to be the best interests ) of their constituents . 
  i wonder what parliament is going to want to see before they 'd be willing to vote to trigger article 50 ? 
  in theory they may refuse to vote until a deal has been reached -- though i think this is unlikely . 
  in which case that would be at odds with the eu 's stated position that negotiations will not begin until article 50 has been triggered . 
  yep , and the aggressive expansion of the soviet union into eastern european countries . 
  both sides need to learn their history , east and west , and what to avoid in order that we do n't see a return to the political tensions that defined the mid-to-late 20th century . 
  sadly neither side is doing this . 
  i 've only slipped on black ice once and it was only a little bit and i regained control within seconds . 
  but considering i was coming up to a junction it scared the shit out of me . 
  10/10 would not recommend . 
  that 's crazy man . 
  why do they feel that way ? 
  those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it .
