  wait , who adores putin ? 
  fair enough , but i do n't think it 's all that common outside of lorries , specialist vehicles and , as you pointed out , performance cars . 
  you change tires for the winter ? 
  i think most people in the uk use the same tires the whole year round , unless it 's a lorry or some sort of specialist vehicle . 
  tires are bloody expensive . 
  we do n't get much snow in the urban areas of the uk . 
  you 'll get some if you go into the hills , but not much , if any , in the towns and cities . 
  which is a pity because i like snow ... when i do n't have to drive in it . 
  i just looked it up . 
  sir alec douglas-home was still a member of the upper house when he first took the office of prime minister in 1963 , but he resigned his peerage shortly thereafter . 
  the marquess of salisbury was the last prime minister to serve his term entirely from the upper house . 
  i dunno , we did some pretty bad stuff . 
  no , but they must be a sitting member of one of the houses of parliament . 
  we have two houses , an upper house ( the house of lords ) and a lower house ( the house of commons ) . 
  members of the upper house are appointed whereas members of the lower house are elected . 
  fun side note : the queen is not allowed to enter the house of commons . 
  what guarantees are there that companies will pass the savings on to consumers , at least in part ? 
   the media generally do n't go deep into most laws that go before parliament . 
  maybe they should . 
  this is gon na be a bad answer but i 'm no cunning linguist so it 's all i have -- history . 
  it sounds wrong to us now , but if a particular dialect were to make a habit of it for long enough it would become more acceptable , and just be seen as a part of the accent . 
  for instance , dropping the ` h ' may sound wrong to non-uk natives , but a uk native would recognise it as part of the yorkshire dialect , so it does n't sound ` wrong ' so much as ` different ' . 
  not to me , no . 
  but they 're slightly different . 
  you 're replacing a word or words with another one or two , rather than omitting them altogether . 
  now to some people that may sound weird depending on what part of the country they 're from and to others it may not , but dropping ` the ' altogether will sound weird to almost everyone . 
  by the way , in yorkshire , where i 'm from , it 's common to drop the letter ` h ' at the start of most words , and to abbreviate ` the ' to a simple ` t ' sound e.g. 
  i went t ' pub t ` other night . 
  by the way , i wrote those ` t ' sounds differently because they 're pronounced slighty differently . 
  in the first instance -- t ' pub -- you leave a small gap between ` t ' and ` pub ' so that they 're still two seperate words ; but in the second instance you attach the ` t ' directly to the word ` other ' . 
  essentially it 's pronounced like a complete word -- ` tother ' . 
  also , as you can see , in ` t ' pub ' you 're combining ` to ' and ` the ' into one sound . 
  or you can say that you 're omitting the ` to ' altogether . 
  minimum rate of income tax is 20 % here . 
  it then raises to 40 % and finally 45 % as you move into higher tax bands . 
  although that 's not payable on your first # 11,000 / $ 12,212.87 / 339,450.33 source : https://www.gov.uk/income-tax-rates/current-rates-and-allowances, 
  what do you mean ? 
  personally i find asian accents the most difficult to understand . 
  though really it depends on the competence of the speaker i suppose . 
  i do n't know how else to explain it other than ` it just sounds wrong ' if you drop the ` the ' . 
  like most countries , the uk is made up of constituencies . 
  each constituency elects a person to represent them at the parliament at westminster . 
  these are called members of parliament or mps for short . 
  an mp may or may not be a member of a political party , but they almost always are . 
  the prime minister is chosen from amongst all the mps to form a government . 
  theoretically the prime minister can be any mp , but by convention ( i.e. 
  tradition ) they are the leader of all the mps * of the largest political party at westminster i.e. 
  the party with the largest number of sitting mps . 
  in practice this means that when you vote for your constituency mp then , if they are a member of a party , you are also by proxy voting for that party to form the government and the leader of that party 's mps to be prime minister . 
  * the leader of the party is not necessarily an mp . 
  for instance nigel farage is the leader of the united kingdom independence party ( ukip ) , but he is not an mp . 
  douglas carswell is ukip 's only sitting mp . 
  if , hypothetically speaking , ukip were to gain enough mps at a general election to form a majority government , but nigel farage was n't among them , then the ukip mps would sit down and choose from amongst themselves who they want to be their lead mp at parliament , and that person would become the prime minister , by convention . 
  so you could end up with a situation where nigel farage was leader of ukip but someone else was the leader of ukip 's mps , and in essense you would have two leaders of the party . 
  you did n't though , at least not entirely , since ` castle ' is actually in its name . 
  and the facade is clearly designed to resemble a castle . 
  there 's a place down the road from where i live called [ bolsover castle ] ( http://www.english-heritage.org.uk/visit/places/bolsover-castle/ ) which , despite it 's name , is not actually a castle but a mansion designed to look like a castle . 
  to me though , while bolsover castle does actually resemble a castle , miranda castle does not . 
  honestly , a lot of this thread is making me think of the situation in israel . 
  some israelites think that because their ancestors are from the area , that they have some sort of ` right ' to it , superceding the rights of the local population i.e. 
  palestinians , whose people may have come later but have still been living there for many centuries . 
  i 'm one of those people who think that the modern state of israel has stolen a lot of land from the local population . 
  i know that a lot of land was legally bought from them before the first world war and in the inter-war period , but i doubt that whomever sold it to the jews sold it with the intention that they should create their own state . 
  so i think that the palestinians have a legitimate right to feel pissed about having their land stolen . 
  but at some point do they just have to ` get over it ' ? 
  and if so , when ? 
  one-hundred years ? 
  two-hundred ? 
  three-hundred ? 
  i would also like to say that i am not unsympathetic to israel . 
  while i might condemn a lot of their behaviour i understand the rationale behind some of it . 
  it 's a bunker mentality , brought about by being surrounded by people who have expressed a very strong desire to wipe israel off the map . 
  edit : condemn , not condone . 
  did the huns come before or after the germans ? 
  what kind of timeline do you think should be applicable ? 
  or is it different on a case-by-case basis ? 
  til there 's a specific word for `` reclaiming '' land on the basis of a real or perceived historical `` right '' to the area . 
  that 's nobody 's business but the turks . 
  what 's the difference between a castle and a ch\u00e2teau ? 
  personally this does n't invoke the image of castle in my mind . 
  [ if you think that 's hot this 'll really get you motor running . 
  ] ( http://diarybabe.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/queen-elizabeth-ii.jpg ), 
  it has finally come to pass . 
  it was foretold in the beginning , in the long long ago , that the marmite war would be the greatest war in british history . 
  now all must choose their side . 
  do you love or hate it !, 
   then in increased everything-made-out-of-imported-raw-materials prices so nearly everything ? 
  what was ( nearly ) fapple ? 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !, 
  i think that we are a rarity . 
  most nations and states are one and the same . 
  why does it matter that they 're a slovene ? 
   polsrb what does this word mean ? 
  how is greece a tax hell ? 
  this is a genuine question , i do n't know . 
  the only thing i have heard about greece and taxes is the stereotype that greeks do n't pay tax . 
  whether that 's complete bullshit or a case of ` there 's no smoke without fire ' i do n't know . 
  really ? 
  then where does ` persia ' come from ? 
  why they 've attended or why they do n't want to be official members ?
