  just look at nafta and how canada gets fucked over by clauses like how the us can just pump all of canada 's water if they think they need it . 
  even if the us decided to play nice , it would tie europe even more with america , which is not a position we should ever be in if we ca n't negotiate on equal terms . 
  there 's lots of gated communities for foreigners where you can find alcohol or even cannabis even though outside both will land you a death penalty, 
  that 's not what i 'm talking about though . 
  for example , the british eurofighter typhoon is built by eap and the french rafale is made by dassault . 
  what company would get the big prize to distribute fighter jets to all of europe ? 
  probably , but arms manufacturers have a huge influence lobby and everyone having one model means only one gets a sweet deal and the others would lose a lot of money, 
  that 's why it 's propaganda . 
  it 's made to show the rival as bad and not point your own problems, 
  yeah , that 's the vel d'hiv rapture . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not because it 's nazi propaganda that sometimes they ca n't get something right , here the fact that the us was full of freedom speeches even though it 's society was full of shit just like the rest of us . 
  they wo n't let us vote on this , tho . 
  we can just hope the deputies in brussels can prefer their people to corporate money . 
  will you buy my renault and peugeot cars , though ? 
  will you buy my food that i export to the us ? 
  will you watch french or german movies ? 
  and americans already consume our luxury products , what 's the point of making them cheaper for us , so that in exchange we get better peanut butter ? 
  because everyone can agree that giving us corporations the power to put nations on trial because of the laws voted by their representatives is just plain outrageous . 
  yeah sometimes they were right , like soviet propaganda showing former nazis recruited by the us, 
  hahahahahaha fuck you, 
  and they say we is not relevant anymore . 
  fools . 
  cute, 
  nothing . 
  you guys are already doing the job of leaving by yourselves, 
  literally calling to be america 's bitch , classy . 
  the british have always worked against european unity , mate , and when we invited them in the eu we let them rig the whole thing . 
  shit , the jews know our plan !, 
  he said the uk would be america 's trojan horse . 
  guess who was right , mate . 
  maybe because they 're tired of the uk 's shit ? 
  ever since the european project was created , integration and pushing towards federalism was a desired outcome , and at the same time the uk decided to do dig its personal trench and stay on the sidelines . 
  you think ? 
  one of the reasons so many extremists have joined the rebellion is because assad is an alawite , a branch of shia islam . 
  this is the same reason why assad had support from iran and hezbollah . 
  okay nigel, 
  that also sounds like a pretty confident statement, 
  we can still accomplish a scientific or diplomatic victory if we push for european integration , do n't worry guys, 
  what about the guys shutting on refugees on this sub ? 
  we 're the first to help you solve your shit in iraq and then to join you in syria and now you want to kick us out ? 
  oh and let 's talk about how we have to deal with tons of refugees right now because of this war . 
  these guys pretend they 're our best buddies on top of that . 
  fuck you , america . 
  you . 
  is it me or are they playing the fraternity jock who goes like `` hah !, 
  you ca n't even do a real airstrike against the biggest baddie , brah !, 
  you suck ! '', 
  while raising both his arms spread open . 
  in france it 's forbidden to even make studies based on origins , because in the eyes of the law , of the constitution and of the drmc we are all frenchmen , period . 
  by definition , we just ca n't make distinctions between races as french . 
  it 's sad that even politicians forget the definition of being french . 
  when french nationalism rose , it was n't about language , or culture , or even territory . 
  it was about a simple desire to share a common destiny under the values of the revolution , pure and simple . 
  when people were ready to die for the nation instead of the king for the first time , france had cut its bounds from the catholic church , had a black general leading troops in the pyrenees , and had so much trust in reason that dozens of breakthrough scientific discoveries were made during the revolution . 
  now this bitch wants to categorize such a brilliant idea into a simple matter of race and religion . 
  what the fuck is she talking about ? 
  less than a hundred years ago parisians treated their breton maids like shit even though they were probably paler . 
  there 's been so many different peoples in more than a thousand years ago switching places in this country and people still believe genes has something to do with your nationality . 
  yeah but france is n't white . 
  it 's written in law that you just ca n't make distinctions by race . 
  she 's a joke , and that 's why it 's sad no one has kicked her out of the political sphere yet . 
  gaullism is n't being against nato . 
  gaullism is about ensuring france 's place among the great powers , and de gaulle wanted to do so as being an intermediary but he never was an adversary of the us . 
  when he left nato 's integrated command , he made deals so that french armies would reintegrate said command in case a war against the soviet union broke out , and he was the first to call jfk and offer full support during the cuban missiles crisis . 
  also , gaullist leaders following de gaulle have all been extremely pro-europe . 
  european integration has always been more or less in their agenda . 
  chirac , for example , signed a few treaties that looked like sketches for military integration with other eu countries , and he was here to inaugurate the euro . 
  apart from that , the word you 're looking for is bonapartism . 
  in french politics it is what allowed the constitution of the fifth republic , where the president has much more power than most other democratic heads of states as he/she is elected directly by the people , giving the office more legitimacy than other institutions . 
  it still does n't mean shit if assad was to face a nato country . 
  he 'd get pulverized in two weeks just like saddam . 
  nato is unbeatable in conventional warfare . 
  i do n't think it 's a debatable argument . 
  and just add to the fact that the only standing force for assad right now is his republican guard protecting damascus and key regions , staying on the defensive as they have to face the pro-democracy rebels , the al-nusra front , and isis . 
  fighting any nato force at the same time would be virtually impossible . 
  in france , the first and second generations of migrants that came in the sixties and seventies integrated themselves pretty well . 
  we 're only facing problems with 3rd generation kids , and i do n't think either of us can judge a migrant fleeing death by how their grandkids might be like . 
  as for those who may not want to be integrated right now , treating them with fairness and being just overall nice human beings to them is the exact first step needed to convince them that the lifestyle of the country they 're going in is best . 
  it 's certain that if you treat them like shit they wo n't want to be like you or me . 
  i mean . . france and the uk deposed gaddafi less than five years ago , they have nukes and are part of the unsc . 
  oh , and except for the nukes , they could probably dismantle the russian army pretty quickly , just look at how putin is doing in against ukraine , which does n't even have nato weaponry . 
  not to mention how they still exercise a lot of influence over africa , which is the wealthiest continent in the world . 
  there 's a lot of people here who do n't even try to imagine what it must be like to live in conditions where you fear for your life and that of all people you know every day . 
  in that situation , a helping hand in your search for a better life after you 've had to endure war as a civilian can mean so much . 
  yet they complain about how their tax money will pay for it . 
  what would you have bought with this money , a fucking apple watch ? 
  ca n't we show a little humanity and give a helping hand , especially we of a continent that endured two world wars ? 
  this is one of the dumbest things i 've read on this thread this far . 
  the less people you have in your country , the less tax you collect . 
  not only that , but if you do n't renew your population with a good birthrate , your population gets older , which means people get taxed even more to pay for the elderly 's retirement plans because there are n't any young and active workers to keep to system going . 
  there will also be less people going to university , thus less potential for any breakthrough in science , culture , art because there 's just less people who can take up that role . 
  it 's a domino effect . 
  having a big population that you can sustain and educate is just far more profitable than a decreasing population that 'll just work its ass off to pay for the elderly 's retirement plan that you and i will probably not even have if people make less kids . 
  the eu did n't support the iraq war . 
  none of the cited countries have supported it ( france , germany , italy ) . 
  you 're actually referring to the british who have not been referenced a single time in the article . 
  well maybe that 's the game they 're playing . 
  merkel plays good cop and hollande plays bad cop . 
  we know it looks more genuine if the french guy does it , and it would make sense they take advantage that there are multiple interlocutors around the table . 
  if there are voices strongly opposed to the uk it gives eu negotiators more leverage,
