  the whole point of the caliphate is to hold on to territory in syria and iraq where they believe the final war before the apocalypse is going to happen . 
  that 's what 's important to them . 
  they did create cells in libya , but it 's nothing we ca n't handle . 
  remember , isis is losing the battle right now . 
  the kurds and the iraqi army keep advancing the war of attrition works . 
  whatever branch they have will end up like the current al-qaeda cells , just independent informal networks that will then be picked one by one by drone strikes or special forces raids . 
  more like a comparison : if the west is the roman empire , usually led from washington , and the us declines while the eu rises : washington would be rome while brussels would be constantinople . 
  good show . 
  it displays exactly why the us is western rome and the eu is eastern rome . 
  unrelated . 
  isis rose in iraq and syria even if libya had been stable it would n't have changed anything . 
  it 's not qaddafi had any serious sway in that part of the world, 
  very well mexico , stick to the next real superpower while the americans destroy each other, 
  i 'm tired of our politicians invoking the gauls as something binding : they were idiots who got genocided by caesar . 
  or even the monarchy . 
  do n't get me wrong the capet and bourbon dynasties were cool as shit , but our revolution was metal as fuck . 
  i mean come on , end of the 18th century and we were already fielding ex-black slaves as generals , young officers became war heroes through accomplishments and not bloodlines , cutting the heads of the wicked nobles and priests , marching armies chanting patriotic songs . 
  the revolution had universal ideas , it 's been emulated every time there was a revolt in russia , in cuba , in china . . everyone knows the french revolution . 
  these are the principles we need to embrace . 
  our national anthem is a war chant , let impure blood water our barrows . 
  and you know what , the revolution and the emperor we got after , they did n't give a shit about the gauls . 
  they emulated the roman empire . 
  that 's a good choice . 
  portugal fields basketball players in their soccer teams, 
  they all think us weak because the germans tricked us once . 
  they all think us cowards because we would n't go play meatbags in iraq . 
  soon the grande arm\u00e9e . . ahem i mean eu army will be formed . 
  and we will guide europe to endless glory . 
  we will accomplish the emperor 's dreams . 
  we will unite europe . 
  the world shall cower in fear and awe once again . 
  when the guillotine falls on tyrants and dictators , when we export our glorious revolution once again . 
  blood shall flow , we 're getting metal again . 
  glorious . 
  the brits realize very well we are reforming the grande arm\u00e9e . 
  the mere shadow of napoleon 's bicorne scares them . 
  [ soon ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/591/926/700.jpg ), 
  even if trump is elected ( not gon na happen ) he promises hostile stances against china . 
  so he 'll keep the us in play in the region no worries about that . 
  his main argument against nato is also that european countries do n't contribute enough , there 's no reason to complain if one of their allies is willingly joining the fray to oppose china . 
  overall pretty good bet, 
  [ you will get taste of our baguettes , we are europe 's gladius ] ( http://m.imgur.com/mxqmkvy?r ), 
  soooo many negative comments about these two guys , and i seriously do n't understand why . 
  why blaming the financial and debt crisis on them when we perfectly know the shitstorm started in wall street ? 
  you do n't need school to be smart . 
  he is president of the commission . 
  the eu president ( president of the european council ) is donald tusk . 
  get your facts , there is no single executive office for the eu , no one has the charge of the union on their shoulders alone . 
  the two consuls of the roman repu . . the european empi ... of our great union . 
  if cali was its own country it would be in the world 's top 10 economies . 
  i 'll take hollywood , weed , beaches with blonde bimbos and cocaine any time over the rainy grumpy uk, 
  it 's shady but you have to appreciate sarkozy 's trolling and mindfuck powers . 
  get money from a dictator to become president , then go kill that guy . 
  who 's going to complain that a dictator got swindled anyway ? 
  that 's also why i think the argument that coordinating foreign policies and managing this army with 27 states is bogus . 
  it 's a good thing if using such a military is hard to use , war and violence need to be a last resort always , and before sending troops we need to make sure an intervention would be in all of europe 's interest . 
  boris is a funny guy , we like to share pints at the pub right down the street in the city . 
  nigel is another story . 
  very stuck up , too formal . 
  foreign policy is tricky, 
  boris johnson and nigel farage told me the uk is in the middle of the atlantic, 
  the us actually welcome the idea . 
  they know that their fate is tied to europe 's anyway through economic interdependence , which will always make us end up being allies . 
  if europe consolidates its defenses , though , they 'll be able to redeploy bases and soldiers on other theatres where allies might be less reliable than europeans . 
  because he would then admit he does n't know what the fuck he 's doing , and that all his campaign promises were just wind : `` we 're the uk the world ca n't possibly shit on us they need us . '', 
  `` lol haha no '', 
  she gave him the worst possible job to have in the british government as reprisal for leading a campaign that ended up putting her in charge of a mess . 
  i like this theory, 
  regimes are collapsing all around us . 
  we can keep doing nothing and see refugees pouring in from syria , somalia , congo like it 's been going on for 15 years . 
  it 's like we enjoy being passive while bullshit unravels just outside our borders and we believe it does n't affect us . 
  the americans can afford to ignore local conflicts in africa and the middle east . 
  europeans simply can not . 
  you talk about mali , imagine if france had not intervened and government forces got overrun , and the country fell into instability . 
  you would have gotten a whole new lot of people trying to cross using the spanish isles on the other side of gibraltar . 
  i 'm not saying hollande sent soldiers to be europe 's shield , there are many more interests at stake , but it certainly helped . 
  imagine if boko haram was scoring huge victories against the nigerian government . 
  nigeria has a much bigger population than syria , so if the country collapsed our refugee crisis would become a nightmare . 
  do you decide to sit back and try to manage the refugee flow or send soldiers to blast the rebels away and prevent a new wave of immigrants to find themselves in the need to leave their country because of rising violence in a state of lawlessness . 
  it 's like . . if we could find the diplomatic capacity to build a coalition of modern european and nato equipped armies with kurdish and arab allies in syria and iraq , we could end is even quicker than the current war of attrition led by the us which is efficient , but terribly slow . 
  and in the meantime refugees keep landing on greek shores . 
  edit : as for libya and iraq , we all know the plan for these countries never was state building . 
  americans went in iraq for the oil , sarkozy went in libya for oil and to put the missiles qaddafi promised he would buy right up his ass . 
  if we want to create stability , we need a marshall plan for all these countries , just like the americans did : rebuild their economies , create interdependence , make them buy our wares to modernize their economies . 
  i appreciate that fam the us and russians never wait for un approval when their wars are seen as necessary : iraq , georgia . . 
  i just think europe should give itself this option . 
  be able to send large forces by itself if need be , and without the need to ask the world for permission . 
  i only have one word to answer : independence . 
  if we limit ourselves just to nato for our security , we are always inviting the americans to have a voice in what primarily concerns europe . 
  the unsc is pretty nice , as long as you 're able to get all the other members of the council to support your motion or at least not vote . 
  do you know how many times that happens ? 
  as for mali , france intervened after mali 's president asked for help . 
  the french government never had to ask for any kind of un approval or international consent , and that is stemming from the fact that this whole region is still heavily under french influence . 
  i mean let 's run a scenario : there 's instability in some region for whatever reason . 
  it 's determined that for europe , at least , the most viable choice is to send military forces . 
  what if the americans oppose it , just like they did with the suez canal ? 
  if our defense apparatus heavily depends on american consent , that means we are not free to act as we please . 
  our sovereignty as europeans is trampled by our `` partners '' on the other side of the atlantic . 
  same situation applies to the unsc , except this time you 're also inviting china and russia to possibly block european attempts at defending the continent . 
  look at what happened to the proposal to extend mediterranean operations against smugglers on libyan soil .
