  i have to stop you right there . 
  america got involved in vietnam after the french decided to leave . 
  that 's at the paris peace accords at the end of the indochina war that america got the soviets to stop supporting further north vietnamese offensives and set up a capitalist south vietnam protected by the us . 
  the us was only interested in stopping the spread of communism and had no economic interest in vietnam . 
  france did ask for help during the war and wanted a nuclear strike , but the us refused because they were involved in korea at the time . 
  are you certain about that ? 
  we have a common market , now . 
  similar economic interests . 
  europe was first made so that 'd we stop fighting between ourselves for resources and instead share them . 
  by today 's economy and european integration , what hurts a country in europe hurts all the others . 
  that 's why there should be political forces with the legitimacy to protect every member-state . 
  people chosen by everyone in common elections by all europeans who thus would not be accountable to his or her nationals only , but the entirety of the union . 
  but i think he was talking about the power of the eu , and not that of france alone . 
  but in that case it 'd be the parliament that would have authority over the military ? 
  unless there 's a clear chief of parliament that can give directions and determine policy , such an army could only end up being argued over by those who want to profit their country only instead of the entire union . 
  we must create a common defense policy . 
  the us wo n't always back europe , and why should they ? 
  why would americans need to always come to save the day ? 
  we saw the consequences of the absence of a united foreign policy with the conflict in the balkans : genocide happened . 
  i believe the countries have had a slow approach towards the construction of more european cooperation , though . 
  the 2011 lancaster house treaty between the uk and france shows these two will increasingly back each other in military affairs , for example . 
  other multinational task forces and alliances need to be formed . 
  in the east , the russian threat can easily empower poland to take the lead in assembling the baltic states together ; scandinavian countries already have the basis for joint defense ; france , italy and spain all have the capabilities to create an infrastructure for a mediterranean force , or even a fleet . 
  we ca n't rush anything , no one right now is ready to really send soldiers help ukraine or eastern neighbours as we saw it , but creating multiple regionalized joint armies will make things smoother if the endgame is a common european army within the next decades . 
  you can smell the bullshit light years away . 
  erdogan lost his elections and now he 's getting the chaos situation he exactly needs . 
  this dude is a real life palpatine, 
  when is crimean war 2.0 a thing ? 
  how is border officer a good cover for a spy ? 
  this is ridiculous these guys are part of those who must be most monitored . 
  you 're not talking cold war though . 
  reannexing territories , blockades , troop movements . 
  that 's real war . 
  and this is exactly what putin wants to draw more support from the russians for whom feeling threatened is vlad 's political argument . 
  the same way most of south america was technically part of the french empire as spain was under napoleonic rule . 
  the best food in the world, 
  because germany and france basically built the eu and support it . 
  there is no european project without any of the two . 
  ca n't we just ditch this treaty already ? 
  more social security , universal healthcare , old cities , sense of cultural smugness, 
  this is an outrage !, 
  getting first on this list should be a national duty !, 
  wait what ? 
  in france the president does have absolute legal power . 
  he can grant amnesty , dismantle the assemblies , get exceptional full powers , completely controls the military ... 
  even the laws voted by the parliament are effectively put in motion after executive decree . 
  the rest of europe has a reason for calling france a presidential monarchy . 
  airbus assembling is in france, 
  good times, 
  [ guys , this did n't end well last time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/concorde ), 
  the uk taking leadership of the commonwealth is a fantasy . 
  i seriously doubt australia , new zealand and canada want to be under british influence again and anyways the us would n't let them . 
   and washington simply does n't trust the newly cooperative french in the long run . 
  well fuck you then . 
  if spearheading the libyan intervention , sticking with the us to bomb al assad ( even though thank god we did n't ) . 
  and being first to join in against isis is n't enough i do n't know what is . 
  and what do they mean by `` cooperative '' ? 
  do people in washington still believe the threat of a veto to the iraq war was being uncooperative ? 
  we genuinely tried to avoid a conflict that ruined both the us and the middle east . 
  wait wait wait wait ...  `` the issue has been discussed at meetings of ** cobra ** , the government crisis group which brings ministers together with senior military and security staff . '', 
  cobra ? 
  cobra ? 
  today in france , an absolute monarch who uses religious speech to literally whip and behead people and profit from the oil wealth of his country instead of redistributing it fairly is granted a private beech for his little three week long party . 
  we have fallen very very low . 
  soo , because this fucker who gets prisoners whipped has money , he should be allowed anything ? 
  we 're constantly telling them how universal healthcare is the best thing in the world so maybe we can actually receive some advice from the world 's first agriculture once or twice ? 
  the only real problem i see with american farming is the overuse of gmos and how food distributors strangle farmers like in chicken production , otherwise it 's the same as ours with smaller terrains . 
  if you really think that products from french farms are healthier , then you 're just naive . 
  just look at the environmental damages farming has done to brittany . 
  we use the same amount of pesticides as anyone else , dude . 
  the illusion we have that products from our country are better than the others is dumb as fuck . 
  the problem here is not with all farmers . 
  corn farmers for example are super wealthy , wine will also always be fine it 's probably the most protected trade with champagne . 
  the gendarmerie is part of the army because at the very beginning they were king louis xv 's secret police in the countryside . 
  what 's even more appalling is that these same farmers were the ones who wanted agriculture ( milk producers mostly ) to be liberalized ten-fifteen years ago , and they were warned by the government that chinese concurrence would hit them hard . 
  they still went for it and now they 're saying they 're sobbing . 
  and the government does n't do a thing because they 're afraid of a few unions that act like mafias . 
  this country is getting shittier every year . 
  not even , udi is centrist and les r\u00e9publicains is the old ump , nicolas sarkozy 's party . 
  send an attack helicopter and they 're done . 
  just sayin ', 
  it 's not allowed . 
  people just do it , then get beat up by cops . 
  let 's say that with a socialist government , if france pulls it off it may win a few new supporters in brussels in the form of greece and eu left governments that feel sympathetic towards greece . 
  either that or it was simply a good cop bad cop tactic all along with the germans . 
  yeah i do n't think they fear some greek dictator will invade france through the ardennes though, 
  it 's the perfect one : the ultimate popular reaction to societies ruled by religion . 
  i 'm bringing the guillotine , seems like some people need a good lesson of what happens when you involve religion in politics . 
  yeah exactly and i had a sigh while writing it 'cause it does sound cocky , but i feel media tend to forget that a lot of the negotiations germany partakes in , generally france is also there . 
  more credit is given to germany alone rather than the `` french-german couple '', 
  there is no hegemon on the european union . 
  if germany was alone in making decisions , greece would already be out . 
  france is the country trying to reach a compromise , even though i doubt that 's wise . 
  i live there , and yes there were problems but that does n't mean it ca n't work . 
  right now french canada and english canadians have a good balance . 
  of course there 's still the occasional language `` scandal '' but it 's all it amounts to nowadays . 
  as in europe , it 's clear no one wants to even think about imposing any language and english is only used out of convenience . 
  and everything is stressed on diversity , so i do n't know how you 'd destroy at least 27 cultures . 
  i even mean , what would be the `` main '' european culture anyway ? 
  the `` your culture will be destroyed '' argument is fear mongering at best in this case .
