  another lawyer will have to take the case, 
  i 'm pretty sure you can be committed and stupid at the same time . 
  i like to call it fanaticism, 
  how about i eat whatever tha fuck i want to eat ? 
  when a company is based in a eu country , it can technically decide to do business in all of the union and it 'll only have to abide by the tax regulations where it 's based . 
  that 's why lots of firms are in ireland . 
  and we will control both european capitals . 
  hehehehehe, 
  what 's the point of going to war for belgium when there is eu and no more hostility between european countries ? 
  that 's just silly, 
  no need for war when the walloons will willingly join glorious republic again, 
  ze plan is working as expected . 
  two hundred years of patience , but we will finally reclaim our old lands . 
  i like the way you think . 
  but we do n't need to annex andorra tho we 're already ruling it . 
  the president is also co-prince of andorra, 
  that makes sense in a vienna congress system when europe stood in a precarious balance of powers . 
  today there is no more need to have buffer states and such because there is practically no way germany , france or the netherlands would go to war with each other . 
  to have a `` capital city of the eu '' in the same sense you 'd see dc , you would need a completely new constitution or a revision of the lisbon treaty . 
  good luck with that, 
  or , what parisians like to call `` les beaufs '', 
  people measure agricultural power by exports because whatever is produced to be consumed in the same country is a matter of sustainability . 
  basically countries that can export their food products are the ones that are also completely able to feed their own populations by themselves , and exports are the food surplus they can use for trading and diplomatic purposes . 
  let 's make an example with brazil . 
  brazil has a population of more than 200 million . 
  if they have a total production that can feed them all exactly it would account for a much larger market than the french one , but they would n't be able to use their agricultural power in exports to put pressure or make profits from it . 
  that 's an imaginary example though , brazil does export its food products . 
  even if it was just by total value , france actually outclasses most countries in the food industry . 
  carrefour is the second most powerful food firm after walmart in the world . 
  edit : added a thought, 
  france is right behind the us in agricultural exports in the world , so makes sense . 
  these guys produce crap wine while at the same time i could walk into any store in paris and get quality wine for less than five euros . 
  that 's why they do n't make money , good wines are already cheap why would i get a shitty one ? 
  i 'm coming for your fucking truck next, 
  the president has the most power and the current constitution was made to make presidential powers potent , especially because presidents are directly elected by popular vote so their mandates have a lot of legitimacy . 
  the president can grant pardon , dissolve the assembly , controls the army , and can even call for emergency powers . 
  he also does n't need any kind of legislative or judicial approval if he wants to declare war . 
  basically if the president has the assembly , the pm is his second in command and the position is the most coveted . 
  but if they are opposed the pm can stop any attempt at reform , because any proposal of law is submitted by the government ( so the pm ) . 
  the pm and his government represent the connection between the assembly and the president , because the latter is forbidden to step in the national assembly . 
  the president is the head of state . 
  the prime minister , nominated by the president but confirmed by the assembly , is the head of government . 
  when the president 's party has a loyal majority in the assembly , he can rule practically unopposed and pass whatever law he wishes . 
  when he does n't - it happened only twice - the president is basically able to only conduct foreign policy, 
  terrorism is always targeted at civilians . 
  escobar and arafat used terrorism when they blew up planes . 
  attacking a military checkpoint by blowing yourself up , that 's a military operation on the same level as the kamikaze crashing on us ships : it 's tactical and targeted at combatants . 
  the objective of terrorism is to provoke a breakdown of society , and that is why it is always used as a tactic against society/noncombatants/civilians . 
  terror tactics are cowardly in nature and have been present ever since jewish sicari in roman judea assassinated roman citizens . 
  sure we can criticize islam on lots of things . 
  you ca n't drink you ca n't eat pork , you have to hide your women ( coz yeah we dudes could take multiple wives ) , their prophet fucked young girls and spread his faith through violent conquest and pogrom . 
  islam has also completely hijacked the arab spring in egypt and syria , and did it before in iran . 
  it is the main excuse to justify the absolutism of saudi monarchs and it has ruined afghanistan after the pakistani and reagan financed the taliban . 
  but i made my original comment because associating a religion with the tactic that is terrorism is a mistake, 
  which pretty much supports my point . 
  terrorism is n't only a tool belonging to islamist fundamentalists and even secular organizations have used it, 
  maybe , but it is too easy to say islam is at fault while other religions have been the cause of as much suffering as muslim fanatics . 
  religion as a whole is at fault for providing madmen justification for war , and it 's not a problem contrived to muslims . 
  what i 'm saying is even though christians might not be the ones blowing themselves up there are some who are in organizations using terror tactics and condone suicide bombers . 
  actually christians in lebanon belonging to the phalangists massacred palestinian refugees during the israeli peace in levant operation . 
  muslim terrorists are not the only devils in this hell . 
  discourses saying that it 's because of islam and other religions are not `` as blameful '' is regressive and ignorant . 
  i loled, 
  omg everyone 's villains are leaked to these papers it 's like james bond is the one who uncovered the conspiracy imo, 
  there used to be christians in the plo , which conducted terrorist attacks . 
  terrorism is a tactic and not limited to religious/islamist warfare, 
  true , but it 's still much better than any american 24h news channel, 
  oh yeah it 's artsy of course, 
  well i mean it 's not like merkel 's best friends are in the mafia or germany invaded crimea, 
  this is basically the most boring , unbiased , slothful , truthful , sleep inducing , reliable channel ever, 
  euronews is yet one of the most reliable tv news station i 've ever watched though, 
  the first cases of putinophobia have been detected in georgia and ukraine, 
  this is as stupid as those who would refuse to read aristotle because he advocated for slavery . 
  different times , different mentalities . 
  it does n't mean we should n't learn about these guys , however single-minded and eurocentrist they might have been ( coz yeah for an 18th century philosopher , savage is more about not being culturally european than not being white ) . 
  in the case of france it is a whole other story , though . 
  during the revolution the churches were sacked and clergy members were targeted . 
  why ? 
  because the church as an institution was completely complicit with the ancien regime . 
  and after that following the 1905 laws separating church and state , the third republic went at it again on the catholics . 
  when these laws were made and secularism introduced , it was never about religious freedom . 
  it was about getting religion out of the political sphere . 
  but right now what is happening is that just like in the 19th century there is a new rogue political force outside of our institutions that is being formed . 
  except this time it 's not catholics being manipulated by monarchists , it is muslims being manipulated by fanatics . 
  it is also a traditional interpretation of religious dogma of wearing the veil ( which is in no way fundamental to islam ) which aims at infringing upon half of the population . 
  women 's rights are more important than religious rights , the former is a right to exist as you were born , the other is the right to believe in one faith out of many . 
  all in all , i 'm not saying secularism is n't supposed to be about religious freedom . 
  i 'm saying it has been used in france to bash religions , plain and simple . 
  it was catholics in the 19th/20th century , it 's muslims now . 
  in today 's world you ca n't even quote an old word from a classic in literature , and you ca n't maintain the secular values upon which our republic was built, 
  this guy is why sarkozy intervened in libya by the way . 
  they should stop waiting for a libyan government to create stability . 
  go in the libyan territorial waters and facilitate operations for the coastal patrols . 
  what is anyone going to do about it ? 
  i 'm wondering what you would feel when the news station says that nato plans to attack your country . 
  like . . holy shit man leave now before armageddon hits you from the sky, 
  gim me a break . 
  repressed ? 
  the fact that no one wants or needs to learn a quasi-dead language anymore is n't oppression . 
  what do we do if a rebellion pops , tho ?
