  do we accept the rebel demands ? 
  if we do that it 'll only mean more problems and probable collapse . 
  do we ... repress it ? 
  who the fuck still speaks occitan ? 
  despite my personal disapproval of hollande 's domestic management , his foreign policy has been extremely well crafted . 
  the mali and centrafrique interventions have been surprisingly efficient and he 's been able not to get bogged down in the conflicts . 
  at the same time he 's able to maintain pretty hostile stances against the assad regime and the putin administration . 
  he also took a step forward in the israel-palestine conflict by supporting the palestinian authority . 
  a day or two ago an announcement was made that french gendarmes forces would be deployed to support antiterrorism operations in burkina faso following the hotel shooting in cote d'ivoire . 
  the french press is so uninterested in these developments ( that 's also because the french army refuses to offer protection to journalists ) and focusing on europe and the economy that this extension of power is wildly ignored . 
  this is probably the exact tactic he 's aiming at, 
  it became irrelevant the moment scots decided to bend the knee to the english . 
  we just can not respect that . 
  maybe they should n't have elected yeltsin at the head of the russian communists in the 80s then . 
  russians forget they are the ones who destroyed the soviet union, 
  the us has actually helped the iraqi army and the kurds push isis back decisively . 
  `` when it comes to military stuff , they will talk to the french '' the cool guy likes to hang out wit us nao, 
  the question is would you want to date someone who would be picky because of your ethnicity . 
  hoe ai n't worth it , and there 's so many women out there you can definitely find someone who likes you despite where your parents come from . 
  smart women do n't care about race , they care about character, 
  i win , english . . 
  i win . 
  there is money given along with the medal , and being a member of the order gives pretty cool advantages like access to prestigious schools for your kids and such, 
  the article is n't saying they would stop trading , just that new deals would be more difficult to negotiate while giving the diplomats discussing them less leverage to draft beneficial treaties, 
  that may be true for europe because it suffered from the damages of the war , but the us took care of its `` greatest generation '' and millions of unemployed young men by giving them free education and affordable housing with the gi bill . 
  when the us army was decommissioned after world war 2 , the returning veterans would have found themselves jobless and in misery without these . 
  in this case it is not as much war itself that helped the generation that grew during the great depression , but it 's aftermath decisions . 
  the article addresses a newfound high cost for these advantages that were given to our grandparents . 
  europe was definitely not more advanced than anyone else in the middle ages . 
  most of the world 's riches came from and went to china . 
  india and the middle east were also much more prosperous than europe . 
  the situation looked good for europeans because they were quitting a period of plague and famine , large portions of the population died and those who survived profited from a newfound food surplus . 
  europe 's division only contributed to war , and war is what made states more centralized through the levy of war taxes . 
  imperator renzi is mustering the legions for the ides of march, 
  which is n't cool at all , and amoral . 
  but that would be the practical approach and in moments where the union is very shaky the brussels officials could resort to extreme tactics, 
  something a lot of people forget is that if brexit happens , brussels will most likely want to punish the uk to show other member-states leaving is not an option . 
  that means flooding the british isles with refugees , less beneficial deals and so on, 
  and why should we keep them ? 
  especially if they do n't want to stay ? 
  what macron and others are saying is basically `` we 're done taking care of your problem , there you go little migrants '', 
  the `` threat '' has been present for some time . 
  british officials and politicians were the first to imply that france might decide to call it done and stop playing customs for britain . 
  what 's happening now is that some parties and even a minister are hinting that it may be so , and why not ? 
  right now it 's french police and the french government receiving all the attention ( mostly negative ) because of the refugee camps . 
  if the uk decides to walk away from european partners , why should the french administration keep protecting the borders of a country that clearly prefers doing its own thing, 
  it overall makes sense that russia would be afraid of a united europe just by realist theories of international politics . 
  the two things you want to do in foreign policy is get bigger while preventing others to get big . 
  if russia finds itself with a powerful supranational quasi-superpower that holds the largest share of the world gdp at its western borders , it is more threatening to russian security than a collection of separated small powers with a few middle powers . 
  have you forgotten how italians and irish were considered like the scum of the earth when they arrived in new york ? 
  newspapers and some politicians were all about how they would bring crime and corruption . 
  same thing happened for the eastern europeans in chicago, 
  ... really ? 
  like , really ? 
  let 's just imagine engagement . 
  nuclear ? 
  useless , what 's the point of making spaces desolate is n't the point of war to capture territory ? 
  and what 's the gain to get after you eradicated your country and your opponent 's ? 
  conventional then ? 
  hahaha , the us alone can crush most countries on earth with a single of their naval battle groups . 
  imagine going to war with all of nato . 
  let me tell you , an army whose only experience outside ex-soviet territories since the 80s is a minimal engagement in syria will not defeat western powers . 
  russia wanted to buy ships from france , that means they ca n't produce them themselves or are not willing to finance the industry that will do so . 
  last time someone 's tried to go after the west 's full power head on ... well just check out operation desert storm and how saddam 's army fared it 'll give you a good picture . 
  the eu used to be very inclined towards working with russia , actually . 
  germany has a demand for russian gas whereas france sees a strong russia as good counterweight to american hegemony, 
  yeah we have enough of our own . 
  i have n't forgotten berlusconi and sarkozy at their most shameless states, 
  let 's not talk about how 27 million immigrants in america during its industrialization helped it become first world economy after world war i , how it then became the world 's most productive country at the height of world war ii and subsequently number 1 . 
  and if that 's not enough , 24 million arrived between the 60s/70s and 2000s and now the us is a hegemon . 
  let 's be honest for just a second for once . 
  bernie may have an amazing profile and cool ideas , but if he gets elected he would have a very hard time implementing anything he wants to push for . 
  look at obama 's troubles , and the guy never declared himself a democratic socialist . 
  and i know he is honest about his inability to change stuff by himself , but in practice what is his `` political revolution '' ? 
  does he want to take leadership of the democratic party and make them push for a new wave of like-minded congressmen and senators during the next round of legislative elections ? 
  does he intend to compromise with the republicans ? 
  hillary may be the devious one , but she sure is the pragmatic one with the advice of none other than bill clinton ( and he was president during america 's most prosperous eight years ) to help her . 
  she may be funded by huge interest circles and wall street , but that means she 's got the connections to deal and negotiate with these people during her term whereas it would be very difficult for sanders to create these channels . 
  obama has accepted wall street money before , and that has not stopped him from hitting at them . 
  what i 'm saying is she may seem like a worse contender for the race , but she seems like a much better prospect to govern . 
  she is carrying a more mainstream view of the democratic party , and is actually the best successor to continue obama 's policies . 
  and obama is just the president who saved america from itself after the 2008 meltdown, 
  he does deny human-influenced climate change, 
  just compare marine 's stance with donald 's . 
  turns out they have veeeery similar speeches ( she is a much better public speaker though ), 
  thus people realized europe 's politicians have been like trump long before the trump name was even known, 
  seriously dude why are you even bringing the jews ? 
  if some forms of hate speech are illegal by law , it 's up to facebook to do something about it and implement it if these are spoken on their website . 
  you know what people find annoying about us ? 
  when we 're forcing down everyone 's throats facts about france, 
  did n't know . 
  there 's so little information the last i heard the minsk negotiations were going pretty well , i guess the rebels are trying to score a few victories to strengthen their positions , or some militias are not completely under the kremlin 's control, 
  the eu is n't france alone , i 'm an outspoken federalist i do n't mind brussels having more supranational authority and abandoning national sovereignty ( because the nation-state is not the only system of governance we created as humans ) . 
  the proposed tobin tax by the eu would also not target the city alone - lol - , but also frankfurt , paris , and other financial centers in europe . 
  the city is indeed the most important one , but that does n't make it unfair for the british just because they have more money . 
  especially since the proposed bill is supposed to give a substantial redistribution of the said tax to the british government . 
  taxing is also , by definition , harmless . 
  taxing is how a state operates , taxing is how a government is funded , taxing is what protects you and me . 
  the tobin tax is money taken from the same financial institutions that got bailed out after 2008 - a crisis they created - and to be , ideally , redistributed to governments for whatever they want to pay for . 
  but tax money becomes government money , it becomes money that can be at your advantage rather than spent on some bank owner 's yacht or golf subscription .
