  i really do n't see what 's not to support about implementing a tobin tax , whether it is within the country or at a european level : for once , it 's not an overwhelming tax on the middle-class , but one that targets people who are already doing their best to avoid taxes and funnel money out of our countries to fiscal harbors . 
  which explains in no way why it would harm all of london . 
  how does a high tax harm a city , especially if it 's well redistributed by the government ? 
  if it is n't , the problem is corruption and poor administration , not the tax itself . 
  if it takes too much money from the firms in the city , then it should be normal for the people working there , who already make millions , to reduce their wages and save their companies . 
  i 'm willing to read an explanation , not a simplified statement . 
  i 'm no financial mogul or business student , throwing a sentence like that without any sort of demonstration does n't help the discussion since i ca n't guess why applying a 0.1 % tax on trade margins would `` harm london '', 
  according to human rights watch though , the ceasefire still holds, 
  whether the tobin tax is applied to the wholesale price of a transaction or its margin alone , it does n't change the fact that the people making these trades are already part of the higher upper class that can wipe their shoes on your face and get away with it . 
  yes , it would probably harm london because the top executives and shareholders will keep getting the same insane bonuses that are counted in millions instead of , you know , reducing their wages just a bit and resist the losses suffered by their firms, 
  so the people applying it are dishonest . 
  seems to me it 's like a tax collector who keeps some of the money on the side , the problem there would n't be with the law itself but with poor enforcement and corruption . 
  maybe i understood that wrong , it 's not like i know a lot about finances . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if the traders and bankers there decided to scale down their wages by a few hundred thousands they 'd be alright . 
  they make millions already what 's 0.1 % to them ? 
  probably because the tories have lots of buddies from the city, 
  please . 
  the tobin tax in the eu is at 0.1 % . 
  we 're talking about the city of london , one of the biggest financial centers in the world , the guys working there probably shit in gold-plated toilets . 
  moreover , a lot of money raised by the eu tobin tax is to go back to the uk government because it is home to the city . 
  this is entirely in the government 's advantage, 
  what 's wrong with the tobin tax ? 
  i 'm sure you can find a few federalists in the uk , it would certainly be at the scots or welsh 's advantage, 
  oil , man . 
  norway has oil, 
  yeah but the war in ex-yugoslavia showed there was still potential for war in europe even after world war ii . 
  same goes for the ira and violent secessionist groups . 
  the countries that avoided conflict are either in nato or the eu . 
  well i think most of the us coalition is also unhappy with the guys who are bombing the best fighting force against is on the ground, 
  soon \u00dcberkanzlerin merkel will surpass all these pretenders, 
  i guess climate change denier nigel farage is a much better alternative, 
  alright i 'll shut up, 
  check source remember rt is pro-russian remember the national front is financed by kremlin controlled banks, 
  that 's completely false . 
  any government can enact these measures , and security reforms are not reserved to extreme right wing politicians . 
  the current socialist government is proving right now that they can take a very harsh stance on security measures despite the fn having only two members in the assembly . 
  you may say it 's because they want to attract votes from the right-wing electorate and cut their chances at using these arguments to join a mainstream opposition rhetoric , but the facts remain : the emergency state , intensification of bombing and currently debated reforms are all the result of government proposals . 
  . . capital city of europe ? 
  we made it boyzzzz, 
  france is a un security council member , and the israel-palestine conflict is a top subject in the united nations . 
  also , it is highly doubtful that this move is just random . 
  us officials were probably warned of the plan beforehand and it works just as much in their advantage . 
  they want to see a resolution to the conflict just as much as europeans do , except that recognizing palestine is much more complicated for them considering that there 's an election coming in the year ( no one would really want to anger the jewish lobby right now ) . 
  it puts international pressure from a western nation to renew negotiations while preserving the american position . 
  as i see , many expert diplomats on reddit have come to the conclusion that the palestinians will just obviously try to sabotage negotiations on the basis of ... 
  i do n't know , for obviously they know more than me , and know more than the people working in diplomacy for their livelihoods, 
  both sides may be bad , but one has us-made ballistic cruise missiles that can go three apartment buildings , super modern tanks , and a stable modern economy . 
  and guess what , it 's this side that 's colonizing a land that is not theirs . 
  if they did n't use that kind of threat no one would take them seriously since the us would just wave it off . 
  here there 's at least some chance that the media takes this story to make it a subject for a week or so, 
  no they ca n't . 
  when refugees in the middle east relocate to other middle eastern countries it creates a brand new pool of support some parties or organizations may take advantage of . 
  after the king of jordan sent palestinians away ( because they were already stirring trouble ) , they moved to lebanon where this new muslim population tipped the balance between the many communities there , thus triggering the israeli operation peace in the levant that ended up with massacres of refugee camps , etc. 
  however , in europe the only groups that may try to use them for shady political objectives are islamists , who have no legal authority and are already in the scope of emergency states and peacekeeping forces , and they will never constitute a significant or threatening part of a population of more than 500 million, 
  north korea 's army is made of plastic tho, 
  it wo n't destroy the eu , way too many financial , strategic and political interests among the eurozone and european countries lie in the safeguarding if the union . 
  you may talk to me about the national front in france or other eurosceptics , but if any of them accepted the full picture of their countries ' foreign interests they would support the eu . 
  if the uk can decide to get out of the eu , it sure means scotland can decide to get out of the uk as well , just as the catalans want to secede from spain . 
  a brexit is at no one 's advantage , except european federalists who will get much less opposition to political integration, 
  literally wat, 
  everything is working as planned . 
  you shall thank us later when the mighty united europe under our enlightened rule will be the emerging dominant power as the americans and chinese self-destroy in their competitive struggle, 
  it 's just as arrogant from you to assume there is an all time rule that in all cases chaos would ensue . 
  there is no absolute truth in politics or foreign relations . 
  france lost a hundred thousand soldiers in three weeks after the ardennes breakthrough , defended the dunkirk harbor ardently to allow british troops to retreat to england ( coz yeah the fled pretty quickly too ) . 
  before that , the anglo-french forces in belgium and norway had been kicking the wehrmacht 's ass for a few months . 
  if that 's not putting up a big fight i do n't know what is . 
  france surrendered after paris had been captured , what else could they do keep fighting as most of their armies had been destroyed , trapped or captured ? 
  when its capital was already in enemy hands ? 
  france put up a fight and lost , the army and navy 's soldiers were ready to fight and displayed huge loyalty later when they scuttled their own fleet at toulon as they learned the admirals were ready to give the ships to germany . 
  luckily we were counted among winners thanks to de gaulle , and most of the world war 2 french lore is about the resistance , but france fought hard in the first months of the war , it 's just that the germans completely outmaneuvered outdated french officers . 
  that 's false . 
  the vichy government actually ordered the rafle du vel d'hiv on its own without instruction from germany . 
  they wanted to show some kind of good will to hitler and were more than ready to send jews to the camps . 
  it 's actually low ranking gendarmes and policemen who warned jew families to flee before they were gathered , and italian soldiers - who defended them from french police officers - occupying some french cities in the south as mussolini was forced to let italian jews be taken only after the wehrmacht was deployed in italy after the sicily landings because the italian fascists were n't particularly antisemitic themselves . 
  edit : forgot to complete a sentence earlier , i was high, 
  it 's not defeatism it 's the rule of law . 
  welcome to western society , where we do n't stray away from due process when it 's convenient . 
  france has to at least pretend to uphold the human rights it defined in the drmc . 
  we ca n't go say `` fuck this human rights bullshit '' when at the same time we say we are the country of human rights . 
  but they wo n't say where they 're from . 
  we ca n't just drop them on the libyan coast and wish them good luck, 
  someone here clearly does n't understand second degree humor here, 
  haha and people in france still want to abandon our nuclear facilities, 
  the greatest text ever written in the history of the universe , the declaration of rights of man and citizen , said that distinction between people ought to be only based on general good, 
  i do n't see color , i see proud frenchwomen and frenchmen !, 
  racists, 
  they 're just saying that the a400m is not optimal , not what they 're going to use it for . 
  they 're buying more and more weapons but are not saying what for , that 's the issue . 
  if you speak french and want to work in the environment energy sector you should go to the south . 
  i would greatly advise against going to paris it 's way too expensive . 
  berlin and brussels are also booming affordable cities . 
  nice, 
  that 's a big order . 
  i 'm really wondering if they 're gearing up for bigger operations it 's annoying that the french government is so discrete about its foreign policy there 's so much public money going there we should be told more . 
  they will have both, 
  well if you 're from norway the refugees imposed on the eu countries does not concern you . 
  in fact my comment on anti-refugee haters in the eu would n't even include your country . 
  and i will keep saying that we do have a responsibility to take war refugees as simple human beings . 
  our daily first world problems consist of getting late at work and being too lazy to go buy groceries .
