  prolly cause prices would be like that moment in an inconvenient truth when al gore does previsions for how much c02 the atmosphere will be getting in the next decades . 
  wow back up . 
  i never said there 's no opportunity , i was making a case for why young french would rather leave than stay . 
  the cold is the worst , if montreal were always warm it would be perfect, 
  it 'd be a very good idea if you want to continue your licence as a master 's degree . 
  since it 's post-graduate studies , you 'd get the quebec tuition fees which are ridiculously low ( i have the same and it 's less than $ 3000 for two semesters ) . 
  honestly if you find a way to move there i 'd advice you to go for it , overall it 's a very good experience : there 's people from everywhere , everyone 's really open minded , and montrealers in general are very chill . 
  canada is one of the most prosperous countries in the world , living there for a few years is probably going to be a good chapter of anyone 's life . 
  i assure you that 's not the article i read , do n't have a source because i 'm lazy tho . 
  i went to university there right after high school , so my faculty checked my high school grades ( the important ones were premiere and terminale ) and my baccalaur\u00e9at , which is golden to have there : most of my first semester here was a review of what i studied in high school , and overall it has much more value than any high school standardized test there is in canada or the us . 
  it was pretty easy to move . 
  basically you send an application to the quebec immigration administration and when you get accepted by the province of quebec you can ask for a canadian study permit delivered by the federal government . 
   that 's the life of every person in a big city ever . 
  just add car/bus next to subway . 
  toronto and montreal are much more chill than paris , and they 're big cities too . 
   when i say bonjour i get bonjour back . 
  sometimes people even hold the turnstile door for me in the subway , and i return the favor . 
  i agree that the story about the guy arrested for being nice is ridiculous . 
  this comes from the fact that we mostly keep to ourselves , it 's not because we hate everyone . 
  it 's a cultural misunderstanding . 
  i 'm not saying parisians hate everyone , i 'm saying we 're not nice . 
  i 'm saying we 're not cordial . 
   speak for yourself , you do n't know how many people still struggle to correctly make up a few sentences . 
  yes i do , i too went to school , and saying `` turn left '' or `` turn right '' to give a few directions can be accomplished by any parisian , trust me . 
   i have myself helped several tourists and witnessed other parisians do the same . 
  yeah , i 've helped around and saw people do it . 
  but by my own experience and the account of 99 % of tourists people get lost and they have to find someone who 's nice enough to give directions . 
  most people will not care or wo n't help . 
  if i go to london or new york , i 'm not going to wait for twenty minutes to find someone who 'll help . 
   that 's fucking stupid . 
  again , personal experience vs personal experience : i have been to a ton of restaurants where i have been treated normally or well . 
  as the saying goes : if you meet a few assholes , they 're just assholes , but if you meet assholes everywhere maybe you 're the asshole ? 
  the thing is i should not be expecting to have a bad service when i go for an espresso or dinner at a brasserie . 
  except i do , because we 've gotten used to bad service . 
  getting the rare good waiter should not be a surprise , it should be a given . 
   i have had some good and bad experiences here , but overall i think parisians are a pretty normal folks who get mistaken for assholes all the time by people who think `` they 're not very outwardly so they must hate me '' . 
  we are the same arrogant assholes you 'll find in new yorkers . 
  the only difference is that we 're neither fun nor welcoming . 
  you seem to take my judgement of parisians rather personally even though i include myself in the bashing . 
  when i write about paris it 's about the overall atmosphere , not that guy that i saw once or my friends who live there , but how we behave in general . 
  and i assure you there 's cities where it 's just more agreeable to live in than paris . 
  this is not just my experience , but also that of all the parisians that i know in montreal . 
  edit : it was never my intention to just bash on paris though . 
  i was born there , i was raised there and i 'll be damned if i let any foreigner or french countryside kid talk shit about my city . 
  my post was to give an impression of why so many young french are eager to leave france . 
  no it was n't in le gorafi , i read in metro two or three years ago . 
  well these safety nets for rich kids is what gets them a job instead of someone who worked his ass off in a free university where everyone else goes . 
  do you think recruiters prefer a university degree or a nice one from hec ? 
  the sphere where you get to see that the most is our politics : everyone is from science po and the ena . 
  just look at the unemployment rate in france and you 'll see it 's just not a good bet to go for good studies because chances are your recruiter will either say you do n't have enough experience or that you 're too educated for the position because it 'll cost him too much , or he 'll have another resume from someone who 's from hec/science po/polytechnique/assas / etc. 
  i have lived my whole life in paris . 
  and yes we are among the worse people to live around : people are stressed out of their minds , everyone 's running to their jobs , to the subway . 
  when they 're done with work , well guess you 'll just go back home , eat , sleep and do your usual shit the next day . 
  it 's even weird to say you 're proud to be a parisian except at a psg game . 
  when you say `` bonjour '' , people look at you like you 're going to murder them , there 's even a story of a guy who was happy in the subway and said hello to people , proposed to share his newspaper and he got security called on him . 
  for being fucking nice . 
  we all speak at least decent english , yet most of us hate giving any kind of advice to tourists . 
  our waiters are literally the worst on the face of the planet except if you go to a restaurant that bills you 50 euros for an espresso . 
  i did n't say paris sucks , i said that parisians are difficult to live around . 
  paris itself is a beautiful city and i like to believe growing up there made me more knowledgeable and cultured than most , but that does n't mean we 're nice people . 
  that was just a sample of what i could think of in thirty seconds to a `` why parisians suck '' . 
  i could mention the sketchy people in the subway who look like 1500s hobos in peasant garbs , the countless gypsies who ask me if i speak english while trying to steal my wallet , the terrifying traffic etc. 
  there 's a reason to why i moved , and it 's not reddit or the internet that persuaded me to leave this place . 
  i moved to montreal to study last year , and like at least half of the many french students who came along i do not intend to go back to france . 
  i think most of us who decided they 'd either stay or even move somewhere else have the same impression of france : we love our country , we 'll defend it vigorously if the americans of canadians around make jokes about it , but we 're also just fed up with france in general . 
  it 's an old country , ran by the same people who were in charge twenty thirty years ago . 
  growing up there you just feel your hopes getting crushed , as the only real way to success through education is being overworked in super intensive prep schools that just prepare you for elitist schools that are extremely expensive . 
  not only that , but everything is so regulated it looks awful to even plan starting any kind of project there , just look at how the taxi driver union got uber executives arrested , or how the government lets farmers play customs with food trucks from spain or belgium . 
  the society itself is elitist and very class oriented : the poor are with the poor and the rich are with the rich . 
  most of us who move are also from paris , and anyone who 's been there knows we are the worst people to live around . 
  france is old , depressive , and just plain unattractive when it comes to imagining my future . 
  i sure hope that it 'll change , because i am proud to be french , but looking at the news is enough to judge that i wo n't be getting back in a long time . 
  none of our politicians has the charisma or will , or ambition to make our country great and prosperous , and any time someone wants to change something a bunch of old white people step up to say that france is already perfect and nothing should be changed . 
  on the left , these people are the unions . 
  on the right , they 're the nationalists . 
  edit : people in north america are also much nicer than the french , for that reason only i 'll stay there . 
  all hail the \u00fcberkanzlerin, 
  but ukraine does n't need to deploy them since the rebels do n't have planes, 
  the gatt agreements had clauses protecting canadian water , whereas the nafta scrapped those . 
  i was wrong my bad , but it does mean that in practice the us gave itself the leave to take it if need be . 
  as for europe , it is not ideological it is practical . 
  european and american economies rely on different interests , as such we need to be able to move on our own and not to be interdependent on a country that does n't give a shit if we 're in trouble . 
  it 's been seven years since wall street crashed and we 're still feeling the effects of that crisis , do you imagine if that happened again but with even tighter economic relations ? 
  my only ideological argument is that private companies should n't put nations on trial for peculiar interests , and i really should n't have to explain why that 'd be fucked up, 
  there are clauses in the nafta agreements saying the us can simply take canada 's water in case american national security is compromised . 
  that 's not the sign of a fair relationship between two countries . 
  i also do n't see any concrete evidence stating that ttip will indeed bring more jobs and more money to both parties . 
  studies are being made on both sides saying it 's either good or bad . 
  what i do know is that giving corporations the right to sue national governments for the laws they democratically passed is an outright breach of sovereignty and democracy . 
  this deal does n't benefit europeans , it just opens the way for more american corporate interests being present in europe while on the other hand these same firms will be heavily protected in america because lobbyism and they 've been dealing with those who are already elected for a long time . 
  europe needs to be its own thing anyway , tying it even more to the us is not a viable approach if you want to be independent . 
  i do n't see any benefit in this shit deal , economic liberalism is not always the right way to prosperity ( germany became a major economic power through protectionism in the 19th century ) especially if you let firms have power over governments . 
  just look at how european diplomats need to go to a us embassy to read the deal , and ask yourself if that 's the first steps of a fair negotiation . 
  the guillotine is copyrighted by the french, 
  america is one of the most protectionist countries in the world , do you really believe european companies would go unhinged in trying to export there ? 
  for christ 's sake you ca n't even have kinder eggs there . 
  there are more us multinational firms than european ones , and for that reason alone this deal is simply unfair . 
  that means a bigger potential for us interests to be brought to court because of european regulations than there will be european interests brought against the us . 
  this deal would also basically legalize what multinational firms have been doing for years when they were avoiding taxes in europe while making millions ( amazon , starbucks ) . 
  and if it were for multinational corporations alone , we ca n't trust the us to play fair in any trade agreement .
