  as for now , brussels also ca n't pass decisions without approval from countries of different groups of member-states . 
  you 're also completely ignoring one of the eu 's core principles which is about cultural diversity and recognition . 
  otherwise the scots and basques would n't get to have representation in brussels . 
  no one is trying to destroy cultures that 's just silly . 
  the need of a european army arises from very serious external threats . 
  unless you 've been living under a rock for the decade , there happens to be a war in ukraine and the middle east is roasting . 
  it 's also not as if the eu did not already conduct military missions : there 's training in somalia , operation sophia , and troops stationed in the drc . 
  that will happen , no question . 
  but i believe this is out of necessity in an increasingly dangerous world where on top of that the americans do n't seem to be very eager to step in europe 's defense anymore ( look at trump who says he would n't always defend nato countries ) . 
  european countries tried to face off global crises two ways : for the oil crisis they all played solo and tried betting on currency values . 
  did n't work . 
  with new competition in the 80s from japan and the us , they went for pan-european approaches and pooled resources . 
  airbus is still a pretty good company as of today . 
  we have a single market , a common currency , free movement of people ... a joint foreign policy has always been a plan , politicians have just always been nervous about proposing shit like that . 
  and then , we 'll be the new superpower . 
  and it 'll feel guud, 
  why should n't we ? 
  because we like to pretend we 're fair with the rest of the eu while at the same time trace our webs all around, 
  juncker is jacques delors ' proud successor, 
  money bro . 
  no one wants to pay for them . 
  the expansion of the eu is linked to the collapse of the soviet union . 
  and when i 'm talking about the post wwii balance of powers i include the ussr . 
  in terms of local conflicts we have more wars today than during the cold war . 
  as for the eu , it certainly helped . 
  the democratic conditions to be part of the union forced a huge wave of democratization through the eastern countries . 
  and generally speaking democracies are much more peaceful , especially between each other , than any other system . 
  i do n't know if you guys noticed but when the eu was created in the 90s the world seemed to get safer . 
  now russia annexes territory , we 've got informal international networks using political violence without any care for borders and the post-ww2 order . 
  africa and the middle east are getting more unstable by the month and the us is tired to take care of this shit , whereas europe stands afflicted by all these troubles . 
  no one will pick up the pieces and fix it themselves , or do our job for us . 
  if no one will stabilize these regions , if nothing happens there to make things right , should europe stand passive and wait for its troubles to go away ? 
  or should we finally take measures in our own hands ? 
  well there 's mordor , sand people and bloodthirsty militias in the two continents surrounding us . 
  people start realizing charlie hebdo is really inappropriate, 
  under what pretense should any country start a competitiveness war to save private companies money ? 
  yo this is a pharmaceutical company on top of that these guys make some of the biggest profits in the world and yet they complain about being taxed . 
  fuck them . 
  gender equality  freedom of religion . 
  not to mention that veils have nothing to do with religion anyway , if husbands insist so much on hiding yourself to get to heaven they should start wearing them too . 
  meanwhile in countries where it 's forced women are actively trying to separate themselves from the hijab and the burqa . 
  because it 's a symbol of oppression , there is no freedom in it . 
  except that right now the best equipped and most experienced ground force with logistical and air support from the most powerful military coalition in the world and the aid of special forces happens to be ... 
  the kurds . 
  as soon as the russians slowed down their operations the republican guard started getting kicked around again . 
  assad himself is no threat . 
  erdogan has just had to repel a coup attempt and can clearly not trust his military ( not all plotters were discovered ) . 
  and how would putin justify hitting the kurds ? 
  so far he 's maintained his popularity by going in wars supported by the russians ( at first ) , he 's gone to war in syria supposedly to attack is . 
  he 's not about to threaten the most successful force on the ground against everyone 's foe , including russia . 
  the west does n't * have to * do anything . 
  the political class is outdated . 
  our media is owned by rich people who are friends with our rulers who are the same ones we had thirty forty years ago . 
  unions are run and act like a mafia . 
  the youth has been getting overly educated for more than ten years and yet people who have six years of studies behind them still ca n't manage to score decent jobs . 
  taxes have kept rising while following austerity measures at the same time . 
  let 's not forget the daily news article on the 20h de france 2 telling you yet another depressing story about how g\u00e9rard ca n't keep his activity as a trucker or a farmer, 
  ... first , they saw britain leave and thought yuropa would be dismantled . 
  then , scotland attempted to secede from the uk to rejoin glorious europa . 
  however the english surprised everyone by leaving the uk first . 
  and somewhere in a dark room of an underground complex in brussels , a man was communicating with his master . 
  through his huge villain computer screen , a tricolor flag could be seen . 
  because before the coal and steel community european countries were experts at destroying each other ? 
  because the idea of an integrated europe is what ensured our prosperity today on the continent thanks to renewed trust in trade and commerce which , alongside the marshall plan , gave a huge boon to european economies . 
  most of all because the european union is the closest thing we have to a united europe , which was the dream of the most ambitious and sharpest minds and artists of the 19th century . 
  or with purely practical terms because if we do not stand strong in an integrated europe all of our countries will be outmatched by not only the us , but also china , brazil , and india , and that is inevitable . 
  also because the eu ensures a shit ton of regulations that protect average citizens from products we can buy to the conservation of our cultural and natural patrimonies . 
  if the eu were to disappear , it would be catastrophic . 
  there is no other word . 
  we would go back a hundred years , and all fade away in irrelevance just because we decided we were more in love with our flags than with the prospect of a prosperous people . 
  the english : the people who successfuly sought to bring all of europe 's resentment on them since 1066 . 
  i 'm happy we have this stance . 
  it 's pretty insulting to hear brexiters assume we 're going to let them somehow renegotiate treaties with europe with better advantages for the uk while at the same time they are wiping their asses with the european project . 
  hollande said it himself , the eu is not a restaurant menu . 
  if the british decide to believe really hard their island is in the middle of the atlantic , we might as well treat them as such . 
  my favorite one was when obama said it would be best for the uk to remain , and then boris johnson said he would only say this because since he is half-kenyan he automatically resents the british empire . 
  it was hilarious because the remark had all the requirements of the typical brexiter : - what does the president of the most powerful country on earth would know , right ? 
  - he hates britain anyway because of his dad - he wants to prevent our prophesied rebirth of the british empire beautiful, 
  right, 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  it 's not about ea being american or dice being swedish , it 's about making a world war i game without the countries that started the war, 
  imagine battlefield 1942 but the us is a dlc and one of the main vanilla factions is the free french forces france was the war leader , the supreme commander of the entente was ferdinand foch , and its casualty toll was second only to the russians . 
  the game is going to be centered on the western front : france was the battlefield . 
  i do n't give a shit that america is a faction in the game , and i think it 's awesome if the harlem hellfighters or the lafayette squadron could be present , i just think it 's absolutely not cool from dice and ea to turn the most important land army of the great war which was involved on almost every front of the conflict except the russian and the middle-eastern theatre ( because the french army was also engaged in northern italy , greece , and gallipoli ) into a dlc and at the same time include the austrians , italians and americans in the base game . 
  especially since the french videogame market is big and for once we can be portrayed as something else than a beret wearing resistance fighter smoking a cigarette in some cave . 
  and behaving in a reactionary manner is completely justified . 
  it may just be a game but you 're ignoring the context . 
  world war i is engraved in hot iron on us , every town , village , and city has a monument with the names of dead soldiers who fell during the conflict , the french army was probably the bravest of the war and accepted to take enormous casualties and being used as meatbags just to defend the country . 
  and let 's not forget that if the french are ignored during this period , you 're also shitting on the colonial soldiers from africa , polynesia , india , and indochina who also took part in the conflict . 
  edit : also pointing to the solo campaign in a battlefield game just makes me laugh . 
  we all know battlefield and cod have never been about the solo game , and it 's not like the protagonist is going to be a frenchman, 
  it 's not like most of the entente soldiers were french and russian or most of the battles happened in france but you know why not you got ta get the monies wherever you can find it i guess, 
  i know right ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  is it as bad as it sounds ? 
  when germany does something you do n't like , just remind them of nazis so that they whip themselves and cry a little some more, 
  mostly nitpicking by their team . 
  they constantly keep their ears about for discreet conversations between politicians at their rallies and events for example , or they are very good at spotting inconsistencies . 
  le petit journal was also the first show to make fun of sarkozy 's height and to point at his heels i think the only people who openly dislike le petit journal are the politicians themselves who are just really old-fashioned and do n't know how to wave off the jokes made towards them . 
  the show is basically a french daily show , however unlike american politicians most of the french political class has spent no time on how to respond and deal with them .
