  that 's the uk right now : t_t eu is so mean to us, 
  am i the only one to find scandalous that they would imply our justice system is persecuting them in particular when running a political party ? 
  so what when in your dreams you become president you 're going to shit over the judicial branch and call them crooked ? 
  is that how someone who intends to be the leader of a nation should behave ? 
  russians bot incoming in three . . two . . one . . `` dirty imperialist decadent queer , we are only liberating the oppressed people of eastern ukraine and are saving the world from western domination '', 
  i just paid my phone , and the rent, 
  there 's a reason why india and egypt chose the rafale over the typhoon friend, 
  and no one gives hollande any credit, 
  afghanistan is not in the middle east . 
  plus this support came from nato article 5 everyone has to tag along . 
  as for libya please , if sarkozy and cameron had n't pushed a tremendous diplomatic effort to put this coalition together no one in europe would have lifted a finger . 
  dude , the americans constantly complain that european countries do not commit enough . 
  except for the uk , france , italy and spain we mostly have plastic armies . 
  and even the two big guys have been doing enormous cuts to their military budgets since the 90s , france is reupping a bit because of the state of emergency , but we had to get multiple terrorist attacks for that to happen . 
  at least the americans after 9/11 directly said fuck it and reinforced all their defensive means , completely reevaluated their grand strategy . 
  what about the rest of europe ? 
  france and the uk ca n't do all the heavy lifting alone . 
  that 's two european countries . 
  add the uk that sometimes can join maybe . . 
  but more than twenty other countries are doing nothing . 
  if they do n't buy american , british or french they 'll go for belgian or german . 
  if they do n't accept either they 'll go for russian . 
  at least if we are the provider we create dependency . 
  what sucks is that for some reason our diplomats and statesmen somehow let them stroll through our streets like they were home . 
  so what they 're royalty , so what they richer ? 
  in the end which country needs the other the most ? 
  which of our nations is more powerful ? 
  i mean come on we have the power to nuke them out of existence and we should be kissing their feet ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned it should go the other way , especially since they deny their own citizens the freedoms we have . 
  is n't it time for democracies to get tougher ? 
  see that 's the issue in europe . 
  no one wants to intervene overseas but when we find allies willing to fight there we blame them for the world 's misery . 
  there 's so much at stake in this war . 
  between the saudis and iran , between communities within yemen . . 
  yes it sucks that our only sure partners are the saudis in the peninsula , but it 's that or nothing . 
  if you want us to act all righteous , then going in with your own military with long-term plans towards state building is the only option . 
  if a country buys weapons you can bet they 'll use them, 
  at the very least the us `` try '' to look democratic and have a positive role . 
  they have an electorate to satisfy and respect . 
  nixon was overthrown because of a free press , clinton had to apologize for . . fucking someone ? 
  you do n't see political opponents getting murdered or journalists strangely disappearing in america , or europe . 
  putin and xi jinping are nothing less than dictators . 
  i do not understand why so many europeans say they 'd rather consort with russia just because they annoy the americans . 
  i 'll the the latter any time , i know they 'll never try to annex us . 
  ahem ... 
  they are far right . 
  le pen dad was pre-tty extreme and you can see he still has a huge influence within the party when he came in conflict with marine who was trying to be more subtle . 
  a party that has always been a staunch denier of immigration , of climate change , and the eu with no economic policy platform whatsoever . 
  managed by the same family since it 's creation , founded by a torturer during the algerian war . 
  the cunts even appropriated themselves joan of arc . 
  every year they commemorate her at her statue next to the tuileries gardens because we are still obviously half conquered by the king of england/duke of aquitaine . 
  there 's nooooooo question that they are a nationalist party . 
  and even if marine has polished her speeches the party base remains the same groups : skinheads , hooligans , and just plain racist `` redneck '' ( beauf ) french . 
  she gained voters from workers that have lost their factory jobs and generally adhered to the communists , but with the exact same rhetoric as any far right party : foreigners took my jobs , it 's the eu 's fault . 
  she also played on the fact that hollande had a very leftist rhetoric during his campaign but turned out to be the most right wing socialist that ever existed . 
  lots of voters felt betrayed . 
  if you 're unconvinced just check out the eu parliament sessions when she was sitting next to daddy and smirking at his hilarious story about the gas chambers being a detail of history . 
  why do you think we push for eu integration ? 
  all monarchs will fall, 
  hahaha i second that . 
  robespierre was vilified by anglo-saxon literature as some kind of cruel dictator, 
  we 're already draining their cash by selling them guns they do n't know how to use . 
  the us achieves air superiority anyway . 
  russia 's advantage is its longer range aa defenses , but still if the invading force against russia plays a smart attrition patient war it 'll just win . 
  no question . 
  no one said completing the plan meant federalizing ourselves , tho . 
  of course the capital will retain enormous power , this is france, 
  guys , de gaulle tried to regionalize and could n't . 
  mitterrand kinda did it by creating the regions as an administrative entity . 
  hollande is just finishing the work . 
  finally . 
  you 're forgetting historical context . 
  paris has always had to assert itself , under the kings when they needed to muzzle the grand nobles , during the revolution when the monarchists had niches all around ... 
  historically , france is paris . 
  in world war 2 we surrendered soon after paris got captured because yeah they took the capital we 're done . 
  paris is the heart of france . 
  ps : yes i 'm from paris . 
  yes i 'm biased . 
  and if you get too close to putin you might also lose istanbul europe will be the new rome, 
  soon my friend . 
  soon . 
  if we are to just compare the us and russia in terms of conventional forces , their equipment is better , their soldiers have better training and better gear , more soldiers , more ships , more deployment capacity ... add all nato countries to the equation . 
  russia gets rekt, 
  i remember some navy guy at my journ\u00e9e d'appel who bragged all about how the cdg was better than the nimitz because it can sail in harsher weather . 
  i looked at him with a skeptical stare, 
  imperator renzi prepares to destabilize britannia to reconquer it claudius style, 
  there are different levels of pressure in foreign policy : trade is only one of them . 
  if trump wins , he 'll try a trade war . 
  he 'll see that does n't work like that because china is much more powerful than he thinks , so he 'll have to toughen up . 
  you forget how inconsistent this guy is , but he ca n't promise to destroy isis while going back to 19th century style of `` i stay in my backyard '' . 
  this kind of foreign policy has been abandoned by us grand strategy since world war 2 anyway , and someone who promises to create jobs wo n't reduce military budgets . 
  [ the ranks of the new wehrmacht will be completed by the future imperial european . . ] ( https://youtu.be/u9orru3ktgg?t=2m8s ), 
  he promises trade wars , to put pressure on china . 
  you 're saying he would n't then keep the pressure going by using the best card he has aka the us navy ? 
  foreign policy includes all of policy subjects , that 's why it 's so intricate . 
  you do n't separate the topics and your assets , they 're cards in a poker game . 
  the extremists in libya would have been another independent terror cell . 
  the reason we call them isis is because those religious rebels who took arms against qaddafi and now want to impose sharia law have sworn allegiance to al baghdadi in syria . 
  boko haram would exist without isis , it 's the exact same scheme . 
  the libyan intervention had nothing to do with isis 's rise whatsoever .
