  it 's not like china occupying tibet . 
  there 's already a european constitution , it 's the treaty of lisbon but they have n't implemented it yet . 
  europe has a legislative system with the parliament , a european court which sets the interpretations of the laws to all 28 members . 
  it even has a diplomatic corps with its high representative ( currently mogherini ) . 
  the only thing europe does not have yet is an executive power, 
  canada would like to have a word with you . 
  culture can still be managed by what would be the states/provinces/nations and not by the federal power . 
  as of now , quebec still has its own cultural traits for example . 
  how is american opinion any relevant to the actual efficiency of the un ? 
  it 's not because people think some guy came out of a virgin 's womb that it 's actually true . 
  the rule of spying is not to get caught . 
  trust me , you would n't . 
  because helping the process of nation building has worked so well in iraq and afghanistan . 
  if migrants are the sole consequence we face for that operation , i 'm pretty happy as far as outcomes go . 
  i ca n't imagine what an occupation force situation would have been like . 
  i think that 's the exact problem, 
  it may not be politically correct , but at one point our leaders will need to acknowledge that we do n't have the fucking space to welcome illegal uneducated migrants anymore . 
  just start barring the fucking gates , let 's be cold and heartless for once on this case and invest in the problems at home first before welcoming others . 
  i pity their fate , i really do . 
  but we 're just not in a situation where we can give them a helping hand right now . 
  now it can begin to plan its return to earth , at which moment its ai shall begin to exterminate the human race . 
  what 's funny is that some of the burnt cars belonged to muslims, 
  lose ? 
  it 's not even about losing . 
  london was destroyed by the war too . 
  italy actually has the third largest military budget after the uk and france . 
  imagine being born in a city of ruins . 
  a city that used to be a pearl in your nation , in your continent . 
  you are told you live in these conditions because of the war . 
  what war ? 
  the war , that of destruction , of bombings , of the nuclear bomb . 
  would you ever be in favor if being anywhere near a conflict after spending your childhood in these conditions ? 
  would you raise your children to think any other way ? 
  europe has suffered the bulk of two world wars . 
  cities that had stood for centuries were razed to ashes . 
  that is why today in europe you will never find anyone speaking openly and proudly about going to war . 
  it is either about helping allies ( the us for afghanistan and iraq ) and/or stopping terrorism . 
  even the libyan intervention quickly felt awkward . 
  going to war , occupying countries ... 
  these will always be seen as an evil , a failure to find a peaceful way of doing things . 
  that 's because next we 'll install a eu policy making the emperor a godlike figure . 
  cameron wants to tackle freedom of movement , i think it 's enough of a `` special place '' . 
  i 'm translating the feeling of french executives , not bashing the uk for what it wants to do . 
  and btw churchill wanted a commonwealth union , he advised for unity on continental europe and britain was n't to be a part of it . 
  texas is the largest , if you prefer, 
  first of all , a new president will not change french foreign policy . 
  it is an intricate system consisting in networks and connections , previous alliances and treatises and a few ideologies of french neo-imperialism . 
  unless marine le pen comes to power ( which she wo n't ) , nothing will change in french position towards the eu ( even if she does get to power , she probably will face constant opposition on every subject and will have no room to rule ) . 
  any other candidate will continue the french policy towards europe to support integration and the unionization of the eu ( we yet need to get a federalist , but it 'll happen with the next political generation ) . 
  there is an ideology in french political circles that the eu is great , that the european dream exists and anything impeding it ought to be countered . 
  that 's why the state will keep opposing the british in any change unless le pen is elected or cameron agrees to give a delicious deal to france . 
  getting in a position where they 're saying no at the very beginning gives them an advantage when the negotiations will begin . 
  they 'll be able to make more demands out of the british if they really want a treaty or rule change . 
  it 's all diplomacy . 
  it 's not about `` oh we 'll look at least '' . 
  france has invested a lot in the eu in the past decades , and our greatest leader in the 20th century has kinda given the state the advice not to let britain in , so people were already reluctant to the uk being part of it . 
  now the same uk wants a special place , do you see how it makes these guys bitter ? 
  on top of that many people in france 's establishment actually believe in the european dream , or have invested towards integration at least . 
  giving out special treatments can only impede it . 
  that 's a lot of bs . 
  even if they did try , do you think the federal government would accept its biggest state to secede ? 
  remember what happened last time ? 
  i 'd say probably less opposition to integration . 
  contrary to britain the other two big players consider further integration and political unity in their ultimate agendas and have done so for at least thirty years whereas the uk always joined because it wanted economic ties . 
  quebec actually has a lot of veto rights along with ontario contrary to the rest of the provinces . 
  the media and protesters are trying to turn this affair in a detroit/baltimore kind of issue , which is not the case . 
  i mean i know there is discrimination in france but c'mon guys we 're not on the same police brutality towards an ethnicity level . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  as far as french youth is concerned i have n't seen any hate on brussels . 
  they do n't give a shit about sovereignty problems or such , and a federalization would be just shrugged over . 
  i do n't like jean-marie but seriously in a hall that big you 're gon na dive into the crowd and push people ? 
  wtf man, 
  impossible . 
  even if executives were willing to even think about it just imagine the backlash in congress . 
  the us armament lobby would be outraged that a foreign-built vessel be integrated in the us navy . 
  why not doing like canada instead of the us ? 
  the canadian constitution says that provinces and federal authority are on the same level and entails each of them has a specific set of objectives : ottawa controls tariffs and defense , provinces control culture , education and health . 
  on top of that canada has been able to maintain balance between many different cultures , english and french being dominant . 
  easy for france , it 's the revolution . 
  it 's easily what will be remembered of the country in a thousand years . 
  i approve, 
  the new nation of franco-germania , probably england 's greatest fear . 
  his predecessor had the balls to say `` fuck you '' to the americans in 2003 at the un security council whereas he was constantly trying to make friends with bush and obama like a groupie trying to get the popular kid 's attention . 
  protesting alcohol consumption of english people ? 
  do you want to get a genocide ? 
  notice how russia and the us are more than `` concerned '' with the potentiality of a first european military operation ? 
  they are afraid at the hints that glorious europa now arms herself , because it is a new step towards integration of military capabilities . 
  clinton would continue obama 's policies, 
  acting like the current russian federation does n't exist thanks to secessionist trends when the ussr collapsed , ya know, 
  haha !, 
  `` i 'm pissed you 're siding with the us saying you 're afraid over us annexing neighboring territory , so we 're going to attack you '' great way to make friends guys, 
  well technically it was a very well executed piece of foreign policy by the french and british . 
  sarkozy needed to take qaddafi out because he was threatening to release shady intel about his campaign finances , plus he was about to introduce a new currency in western africa to compete with the frank which is still controlled by france . 
  but on top of that , he did n't only secure international consent for the war by getting the un on his side , he also recruited god of war america to bear the costs of transportation and bombing instead of him . 
  so he accomplished all his objectives to neutralize qaddafi , boost his popularity at home for a time , make a statement on the international stage not to mess with him , and limited the costs of the military operation by splitting the bill with nato . 
  pretty well done in my opinion . 
  now libya is in shambles but let 's be honest the country 's stability was never the primary objective , otherwise they would have engaged in state building . 
  i agree ethically i do n't think he should reveal anything about his client , but he probably really did n't like having to defend him . 
  they should n't communicate the names of lawyers who defend terrorists and or spies anyways, 
  the lawyer is done defending him since he was now transferred to france .
