  well maybe that 's the game they 're playing . 
  merkel plays good cop and hollande plays bad cop . 
  we know it looks more genuine if the french guy does it , and it would make sense they take advantage that there are multiple interlocutors around the table . 
  if there are voices strongly opposed to the uk it gives eu negotiators more leverage, 
  at the very beginning of the article they mention us official saying the suspect is not tied to recent hacks, 
  deduce all the insurances americans pay every month off that salary, 
  why do you trust polls ? 
  they thought colombians would vote for the peace agreement . 
  they were wrong . 
  they thought people would vote against brexit . 
  they were wrong . 
  they thought people would vote yes to the pre draft of the eu constitution in france and the netherlands . 
  they were wrong again . 
  polls are bullshit, 
  that day portugal fielded a basketball player, 
  mein kampf is forbidden so there are definitely laws with censorship for books . 
  does n't mean you ca n't find the book at a few libraries tho, 
  what 's idiotic is that historians can thrive from history deniers . 
  it offers them fuel to prove facts by looking for more evidence . 
  with the holocaust people proved it when they discovered records ordering gas prove windows . 
  if you show up on the news or try to write a book denying it happened you receive a fine , i guess, 
  because king of the franks was derivative from the earlier title duke of the franks , held by hugh capet who founded the dynasty philip came from . 
  because philip ii augustus reconquered many territories lost to william the conqueror and henry ii plantagenet , and because he defeated a huge coalition of the holy roman empire , the count of flanders and england , people started to call him rex franciae , king of all of france basically . 
  he founded the administration that would maintain huge royal authority over the realm until the hundred year 's war . 
  it was a very important principle of the french monarchy to say that the king was the ruler of the land , of the real estate . 
  that accentuated the rightness of his authority . 
  this is also why after the revolution more liberal rulers like napoleon , louis-philippe i or napoleon iii took on the title emperor/king of the french . 
  and the same reason the official title of head of state today is not president of france , but president of the french republic . 
  not . . necessarily . 
  let 's say catalonia becomes independent and remains in the eu . 
  yes , catalans are now autonomous but both their head of gov and the spanish one will be far less consequential in the negotiating table in brussels because they 'll both be weaker than what a united spain was . 
  they 'll be less of a trouble dealing with than they used to be for commissioners and the parliament . 
  that gives more levy to brussels , and could very well end up reinforcing integration efforts . 
  yeah but we 're not carpet bombing cities, 
  check his speeches in west germany . 
  check the phone call made to kennedy during the cuban missile crisis . 
  and avoid looking for sources by googling `` de gaulle chauvinist '' . 
  if i typed right now `` obama not born in the us '' i 'll find a shit ton of `` sources '' explaining with seemingly unbreakable logic how he was n't born in the united states . 
  but . . 
  but . . putin is everything but a communist . 
  well i guess my history studies are a scam . 
  dude , claiming that the man had some kind of deep hatred inside of him eating his guts for everything anglo-saxon and this is what motivated him to quit nato 's integrated command is soooo short-sighted . 
  you 're taking these studies not only out of context , but also in a very narrow narrative , which is ignoring many , many facts . 
  no , he did n't hate churchill . 
  churchill was his best partner among the allies . 
  no he did n't hate the americans , he supported them fully during the cold war . 
  acting as an independent actor does not make you automatically some kind of villain to the side you 're supposedly taking your distances from . 
  there is also absolutely zero evidence , zero speech , saying that he was some kind of nationalistic moron who was convinced his culture was the bestest most beautiful in the world . 
  he was just into the whole `` europe of nations '' thing . 
  i mean if he was as you describe would he have gone to germany , make speeches in german and pushed for more cooperation from the country that humiliated his ? 
  did he like to annoy the americans and the english ? 
  definitely . 
  but if you believe this is what convinced him to refuse the brits into the eu this is pure bollocks . 
  we 're talking about a level-headed statesman here . 
  not a five year-old who holds grudges for decades . 
  yup , as i thought . 
  reynolds is specialized in british history and most of his works are about the anglo-american alliance . 
  very little work on de gaulle or france . 
  my professor at uni is actually specialized in french history ( before you make any assumption , the guy is canadian ) . 
  i 'd like you to cite these so-called biographers , because in de gaulle 's 1940 june address he makes it clear that he intends to keep on fighting with the help of france 's allies ( british and americans ) . 
  you 're out of it mate , de gaulle was no chauvinist who believed his nation to be superior to everyone else , he just wanted independence . 
  `` nation of shopkeepers '' is an expression used by napoleon , i do n't think de gaulle ever used that term . 
  i really think you 've followed too much of the american narrative that represented de gaulle as an anti-american , but for your information he was the first head of state to call kennedy during the cuban missile crisis and reassuring the usa that france would be by their side no matter what . 
  even when he got france out of integrated command there were always plans so that the country would get back into it in case of a war with the soviet union . 
  a united europe was our emperor 's dream . 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  on the one hand there 's a country which would have a reduced territory , and on the other an extended one . 
  excellent . 
  we 'd be the massachusetts of the eu . 
  that 's exactly what i said . 
  but is n't 1700 when the administrations merged ? 
  like . . 
  in 1600 the king was wearing the two crowns , but they still had separate institutions . 
  the uk started being the uk when england and scotland finally merged their crowns in 1700 , though . 
  without scotland , it is n't a union of kingdoms anymore . 
  it 's too funny , they give us the finger with their referendum and then complain about us being angry at them . 
  i mean it when i say i 'll enjoy watching them drown in their bullshit . 
  i feel bad for the northern irish and the scots though . 
  you guys are welcome to rejoin at any time as far as i 'm concerned . 
  if scotland secedes the uk does n't exist anymore : we win . 
  she repeatedly said that she would do everything she can to help foreign workers in scotland , though . 
  it 's just part of her pro-europe narrative, 
  huh ? 
  why would he . . forgive the british for saving france , as if it bothered him that the allies liberated the territory ? 
  he thanked them , and owed a lot to churchill who defended his position in front of a very skeptical fdr . 
  it 's the americans he did n't particularly like , and the americans were the reason he did n't want britain as part of europe in the first place . 
  he called the uk the american trojan horse that would bring free market economy and be a platform of us diplomacy . 
  they wanted to cut the anchor from the continent and drift away . 
  what happened is them drowning . 
  my chauvinist french side laughs very very hard now . 
  if scotland does secede on top of that i propose that we claim the final victory in our millenia long animosity with the english . 
  sooo like all these judges and servants of the justice system meet in dark secret rooms to plot the national front 's downfall ? 
  mhhmhm , what is more laughable ? 
  i 'll have you know that sarkozy is also under fire and the socialists have also been scoped by the justice . 
  implying that very competent jurists are working as some kind of dark sect is just you succumbing to demagogues ' speeches , friend . 
  these people are professionals . 
  political pressure from the americans and many in europe who thought that the brits would be a good addition . 
  you do n't know how it feels to be french on the internet, 
  de gaulle was always right . 
  we should never have allowed the uk in the european project in the first place , look where we are now .
