  but i assure you that al baghdadi and the core leadership of isis all come from al qaeda 's ranks . 
  because there is literally zero engaging french politician in the big stage . 
  they all look like they 're living in ivory towers . 
  the right is terribly lacking in candidates : - alain jupp\u00e9 , old veteran he was pm for chiraq but had to be exiled because of good ol jacques 's frauds while he was mayor of paris . 
  he was also foreign affairs minister in the last part of sarkozy 's presidency and apparently kinda took charge and made himself pm behind the scenes . 
  but first he 's old . 
  i had a friend who was in the ump youth ( ump was their party before they decided to americanize ) and his main argument against him was that he 's old . 
  that 's dumb i know , but i guess it 's a factor in these circles . 
  - bruno le maire , he was in sarkozy 's government and before that used to be in the diplomatic corps . 
  pretty young face , he 's trying to appeal to center/right voters just like jupp\u00e9 . 
  - fran\u00e7ois fillon was pm during the whole sarkozy presidency , which is pretty rare . 
  he was basically used as the media 's punching bag and was given the worst cases to deal with while nico was getting the fun stuff . 
  we also know that sarkozy went a bit overboard and took on the pm hat most of the time . 
  these three are prolly sarkozy 's biggest challengers . 
  and they were all in his government . 
  add the fact that the socialists have had a very right wing stance in the hollande presidency and the only affair where the right was able to mobilize en masse was during gay marriage . 
  no politician has really been able to make himself known , so people in the party still remember sarkozy when things were apparently going better . 
  because he knows that successful cop21 accords would give credit to hollande ( which i feel kinda did n't happen , even tho we now have working paris accords and obama got the chinese to sign it . 
  people care more about how they 're taxed i guess ) . 
  it 's better to point at what looks like a failure in the form of a nice terror attack, 
  as far as i know , only the edgy politicians or the far right ( the le pen house i like to call them ) have denied manmade climate change . 
  we have idiots everywhere . 
  this winter they 'll say it 's cold so climate change does n't exist . 
  or it 's just . . you know these politicians who get generous donations from oil companies and stuff . 
  haha yeah he needs that sweet presidential immunity, 
  macron is a joke . 
  while he was in government and a bit of trouble arose he completely separated himself from his party and wanted to create his own shit movement of yet another splinter who thinks he can somehow become president . 
  he hides behind words of good will , but he 's yet another snake with the charisma of an 8 year old . 
  the guy was like `` i 'm not a socialist '' bitch you 're in the socialist party are you an idiot and now he 's nowhere tries to play solo and pretends to be so young . 
  make no mistake , he was schooled by the exact same people we 've had , and he works the same way . 
  the far right has never been in power how can you know they 're better at ruling ? 
  not really tho , canal + is the biggest french production company and they create movies or shows in english . 
  anyway if you want to compete with hollywood you 'll need to get into the english-speaking shit it 's about exporting, 
  let 's be honest religious extremists in iraq were a minor concern to us westerners before bush son decided to go fuck saddam, 
  the affairs about soldiers raping kids were in the central african republic . 
  again , it 's hollande who went there , but as far as i know no terrorist plot was linked to this . 
  otherwise french/western presence in africa has always attracted either kidnappers or hostile organizations . 
  people who work for areva for example are often reminded they are in dangerous places for them , especially since they 've taken the habit to demand money in exchange of prisoners . 
  this is not the result of any specific politician 's decision , just that of an extensive foreign policy . 
  hollande recently decided to stop paying ransoms to limit kidnappings . 
  the us created isis not france . 
  isis is what was al qaeda in iraq which was created following the 2003 us invasion . 
  france vetoed against this war . 
  he 's not the one who made france a target either . 
  it 's hollande who was the first to join the us in striking isis , sarkozy was out by that time . 
  i do n't like the guy but we ca n't blame terrorism on him, 
  in what kind of crazy mind would spending a huge ton of money to occupy and destabilize a country , even if it was in financial disarray , could save a currency ? 
  and imposing shit because of the euro really does n't need to use military means . 
  the imf and merkel have been doing fine slashing greece in three without the need to use political violence . 
  they also sent mario monti to basically run and fix italy for them . 
  you 're worried about something that can already effectively happen without the extremeness of invasions . 
  the eu has an executive branch in the form of the commission and the president of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure juncker and his team of legal experts are aware that a military can only be led by a cohesive common foreign policy . 
  and even without a strong centralizing executive branch we already have military operations under eu flags that are going fine . 
  what juncker is proposing is basically to pool the resources of european militaries together . 
  you can give a shit if you want . 
  next european parliament elections just go vote . 
  the guys who attacked paris had fought in syria wtf are you talking about . 
  a firm 's a firm dude . 
  whether you 're american or german you just want that sweet cash, 
  most french politicians are corrupt , and they end up in government . 
  we 're fine with it if you rule well . 
  simple, 
  he is the reason we went to war . 
  all these republicans blaming clinton and obama , the brits blaming cameron . . they 're all fools . 
  gaddafi and sarkozy met in 2006 or something when it was clear the latter would become a candidate to the next elections . 
  at the time sarkozy was interior minister . 
  gaddafi offered him support and wanted to have an ally among western countries . 
  we invited the fucker to install his filthy tent in the elysium along with his bimbo bodyguards . 
  sarkozy wanted his help to create a mediterranean union , but gaddafi wanted sarkozy 's help to build an african one . 
  they do n't see eye to eye , one of sarkozy 's ministers bashed gaddafi because he arrived on human rights ' day . 
  basically the guy expected both sarkozy and the whole french people to treat him like a king . 
  at the end of this joke of a week that was his state visit we just showed him the door . 
  they signed huge trade deals in arms and infrastructure . 
  of course gaddafi just went home and never acted on it . 
  later he 's really pissed , and still has ambitions to unite africa , but first he needs to tackle french influence on the continent . 
  since he had huge gold reserves he planned on releasing a new currency that would oppose the frank still in use in western african countries and controlled by the french central bank . 
  fast forward to 2011 , the arab spring opens an opportunity . 
  first in the west we go to the un and tell he 's bad . 
  then he responds by sending tanks and aviation against civilians . 
  sarkozy then orchestrated a meeting between his philosopher lapdog bernard henry levy and opposition leaders on the ground . 
  the same week france recognizes the rebellion . 
  then he goes to cameron first , then clinton/obama and basically lays out the scenario : we have public and international consent to go to war ( bad dictator bombs his people ) and turns out the same guy is trying to oppose western influence on the richest continent in the world . 
  fast forward a few months . 
  gaddafi is dead , sarkozy triumphant strolls through benghazi and declares he freed them . 
  basically the guy refused to buy our guns so we used the same ones to shoot his ass . 
  not blaming them . 
  they 're free they can do whatever they want . 
  but we europeans need to adapt , if the guy with the gun leaves , we need to buy one . 
  that too . 
  if you 're not part of the eu whenever you 'll try to negotiate with this huge trade block you 'll have to face negotiations against the whole block instead of being part of the group and weigh a much more substantial voice . 
  because human rights lol do you think the brussels parliament is filled with african dictators ? 
  germans . . leftist ? 
  merkel 's cdu is a right wing party . 
  the brussels administration has been very very liberal economically too . 
  and if you 're concerned about your sovereignty i 'm sorry to announce you the treaty of lisbon kinda killed that even tho no wants to admit this to themselves . 
  most of the laws passed in european legislatures come from earlier votes made in brussels or strasbourg . 
  the only reason we 're not already calling ourselves a federation is because the british pm did n't want the word the appear in the european constitution . 
  also if you are afraid the eu might turn into some soviet replica you should check out the actual institutions of the eu and how they work . 
  we can all vote for our brussels parliament , we also can all vote for our national executive .
