  nothing happened , even though mogherini made pretty clear this was in europe 's interest . 
  we need to be capable to intervene independently . 
  on our own . 
  and if you think that because france can send 3000 soldiers in the sahel , a region it 's been in for more than a century , that automatically means it could take on operations in all of europe 's name ... that would be asking a lot . 
  what if tomorrow strategists determine a way to end the syrian civil war through military operations , but for that you 'd need at least 150000 troops , and the americans and russians do n't want to take care of it . 
  europe could eaaaasily pack up that punch on its own , conduct its campaigns without foreign influences weighing on how to fight its wars . 
  and also with this big bad army european leaders could be taken muuuch more seriously on the international stage , just because of the threat to get on your face missiles from what would be the second most powerful armed forces in the world instantaneously, 
  you seem to forget that once refugees arrive in your country with the status you ca n't send them back as long as there 's a war raging . 
  it 's eu law . 
  all i 'm saying is that contrary to nikos hollande has the decency to respect the rule of law . 
  nato is a defensive alliance . 
  european countries need more ways to intervene in conflicts with cooperation in situations that sometime do not relate to defense of your territories . 
  also it seems pretty evident we should have our own means to pack a punch without constant us watch . 
  i for one gladly accept imperator renzi raising the legions, 
  roma invicta never forget, 
  no one took berlusconi seriously outside his country also, 
  hmm i 'm sure those people getting bombed have all the time to read norwegian studies, 
  at least he 's got a bit of a moral compass , like not accepting a dictator 's money to finance his campaigns or accepting war refugees, 
  i 'm sorry but the instructor in top gun said that they focused their formation on dogfighting , so i 'll go against you on that one, 
  calais is not the subject tho , this thread 's about an arms sale deal . 
  i remember reading somewhere that the f22 wins when it keeps a far range , but as soon as a rafale got close it went down, 
  the lisbon treaty is thousands of pages long . 
  that little excerpt is not enough to make your point . 
  thatcher accepted free movement in exchange of the single market . 
  that was the deal struck with commissioner delors , period . 
  the very term millennial is plain dumb, 
  hahaha that 's the first thing i had in mind . 
  it 's only newsworthy to the guardian because of the guy 's nationality, 
  we 're dealing with apple , it 's a private company . 
  of course it 's not a regular american citizen 's problem if ireland is a tax haven , that 's why the eu demands tax money from apple . 
  well all that we 're asking in this fucking equation is that they add `` taxes '' in their books . 
  you were complaining us taxpayers might pay the bill . 
  that 's what 's not our problem . 
  and ireland is not where these guys are making all their money from that i can assure you, 
  i 'm pissed that the us government thinks it can warn or demand shit out of europe that 's it . 
  as for products i already avoid those that piss me off, 
  capitalism does n't need to be like that . 
  teddy roosevelt and progressives had a much more inclusive way to quell the excesses of capitalism , they knew there could be good trusts that profit society and those bad ones that make profit off society . 
  right now those who are not paying taxes are not on the good side of that equation . 
  and if you really think a 7 euros coffee is the reasonable price considering the ingredients it took to make it i. . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  which is why we can not allow the uk to join the single market . 
  not our problem , that just shows bad money management on the american government 's part . 
  if you 're pissed about tax laws in your country go vote for better congressmen . 
  as far as europe is concerned there 's steve jobs hellish child sucking money from eu countries without reciprocity . 
  the us warned brussels ? 
  warned ? 
  fuck them . 
  they have no place telling us what to do i hope juncker and schulz showed them the finger when they made that call . 
  i just love how they sugarcoat their profit-only agenda to make it look like it would actually contribute to the economy . 
  if they keep assuming people are idiots there will come a time when they 'll be fed up . 
  it 's happened before and if happens again the dark knight rises style i 'll be in the streets watching with a smile on my face . 
  oh yeah i really feel those lower prices when i 'm ordering starbucks for 7 euros . 
  this is bullshit . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  amazon , macdonald 's , apple , starbucks ... 
  these are multi billion multinational corporations . 
  their shareholders , their ceos make so much money they could feed africa and still travel in private jets . 
  if they really are this concerned about consumer prices or their employees ' wages , they should perhaps think about reducing their own horrendously humongous salaries and bonuses . 
  oh but there nooo that 's something you just can not do i mean we need to understand them they 're toiling so hard even miners in chile ca n't understand the hardships of their jobs . 
  greedy fucking assholes . 
  and anyway what the fuck is this scam they make profits in our countries then decide not to contribute to these countries economies with the superb explanation that it is for our own good . 
  hypocrites and liars , they think we 're stupid . 
  and the biggest arseholery in that affair is that they would make much less money if they decided to leave all these countries where they do n't pay their taxes , so it 's not even an affair of european countries being somehow unreasonable , they 're just asking for their fair share in times of deficit , financial and economic uncertainty . 
  governments need ti fund their healthcare services , our police forces our hospitals . 
  i 'm telling you if any of these ceos or shareholders go to europe one day and get beaten in the street cops should just not intervene . 
  if their houses are on fire the fire department should just hang up on them . 
  then they 'll understand why we pay fucking taxes . 
  they would n't even need to sue , they can just decide to show their board the door . 
  i fucking loathe these people . 
  they manage private companies with monetary profit in mind and they want to teach governments how to rule their countries . 
  they wave their fortunes as some kind of indicator they know how economics work . 
  we 're not in america guys , big bosses playing patriarchs who somehow want to contribute to society by paying less is a thing of the 19th century . 
  and the ceos who think they can talk to us like phd economists can go fuck themselves . 
  left integrated command . 
  france was still part of nato but its nukes and troops could n't be used by a nato general without approval from the french government . 
  again check the facts . 
  dude just check on a wikipedia page you 'll see nato could n't be used in 2003 explicitly because the french would n't be part of it and it would have been very embarrassing to call nato to then be told no by allies . 
  haha we 're not in nato that 's new we 're just founding members, 
  just check the facts . 
  the nato administration and command structure were not used because of french and german disapproval with the war . 
  that 's why bush called a `` coalition of the willing '', 
  2003 iraq war was n't under nato command . 
  and iraq never dared attack the us lol afghanistan is under nato command . 
  because there the self-defense argument made sense they actually sheltered al qaeda, 
  i totally agree . 
  but disbanding the iraqi army is what led us to this moment . 
  when the us left it actually had won over the 2006 insurgency and made northern sunni tribes join their side . 
  maliki then excluded the sunni and drove them right back into al baghdadi 's side when isis came back from syria . 
  i also do think that while the us reengaged iraq for good reasons ( i remember it was all about how the yazidis were about to get wiped out ) , the only capable countries close to the region and that have a real interest in getting involved for their own sake are in europe . 
  i believe it should be policy to end the war there whatever the means . 
  to stop refugee flows , to neutralize islamists who need to have hostile stances against the west to remain in power . 
  only mighty united europa can stop dis, 
  al qaeda was not a single entity . 
  it was a conglomerate with independent cells operating depending on given areas . 
  al qaeda in iraq is the branch that gained momentum in the 2006 insurgency , but by the time the us withdrew troops they were losing ( northern iraq sunni tribes switched sides to the us ) and encircled . 
  then the syrian civil war allowed them to go somewhere else and gain new troops and resources . 
  when we all heard about isis taking big parts of iraq , that 's when they came back and reallied with northern sunni which had been alienated by shia pm maliki . 
  isis and al qaeda are alienated now because their leader al baghdadi is powerful enough not to take orders from some egyptian doctor . 
  and they have different doctrines anyway .
