  these people have seen the worst in humanity and are fleeing war . 
  what the hell do you think is right to do ? 
  do you think arabs in the middle east care about that ? 
  especially since now we are in a same union that commonly joined france 's war effort ? 
  they see americans and europeans , westerners , that 's it . 
  and how can we blame them to see it that way , we 're all in the same alliance system that links back the the us anyway . 
  oh , and your country may not be responsible for anything happening to the middle east , but i assure you it is surely taking a huge profit from it . 
  unless people there do n't drive cars i guess . 
  today 's situation in the middle east is a product of both world wars . 
  if europeans had nothing to do with it i 'd be surprised . 
  this . 
  what the fuck seriously , i agree that europe ca n't welcome the world 's misery , but when there 's a war that deadly ( for which we are partly responsible let 's remember that ) and we have the capacity to help out we just should do it . 
  if i were a war refugee i 'd be so happy to be received with a warm welcome . 
  well he does present the situation as if it were that easy, 
  give an ak to this man and send him there if he thinks fighting is that easy . 
  asshole, 
  if you think the germans are neoliberals you are very wrong, 
  send charlie sheen , britney spears , mikey cyrus and lindsey lohan to isis and their society will implode in two weeks . 
  the one set by french law ? 
  you 're making huge profits in a country , following the rules of the place sounds fair . 
  let the world think us weak , there is n't a greater advantage than being underestimated and dismissed . 
  france has been able to involve itself in dozens of conflicts without anyone knowing . 
  it 's a great thing to be able to wage war without worldly backlash for using force . 
  as for the first world war , i do n't think any army has fought better than the french . 
  the defense put at verdun was practically an all in and the war staff decided they would hold this position no matter what . 
  i remember my professor in strategic studies saying that neither the british nor americans would have held verdun like the french did . 
  segregation was legal , does n't mean it was right . 
  if we ca n't complain about arseholery in the legal system , what kind of democracy are we living in ? 
  fuck all those who criticize this move , seriously . 
  he has taken the most honorable approach and that is what france is about . 
  we are not going to let people who used the refugee flow to go back to france quietly stop us from showing humanity to those who are fleeing war . 
  so what , out of a million there 's eight or nine that committed an attack ? 
  we are going to let a few assholes condemn war refugees ? 
  fuck that . 
  the terrorists were french and belgian nationals anyway , they could have gone back without the refugee crisis . 
  opening our arms to them is not only what proves we are better , but it also completely delegitimizes islamists ' speech about us . 
  refugees will see that contrary to being their enemies , we are ready to shelter and protect them . 
  we are humans , and as humans we should be open to helping those seeking help . 
  we should n't put a price or judgement on these refugees because of the potential risk they represent . 
  we keep repeating and telling ourselves that we are the good guys and the is is bad , yet we 're not ready to act as the good guys ? 
  i am happy that europe 's leaders are pushing for an agenda of simple human decency . 
  isis was created when al-baghdadi got al qaeda in iraq involved in the syrian civil war . 
  libya had nothing to do with isis , except for leaving a power vacuum that allowed them to create a branch there . 
  the plan in question is probably being drafted right now or will be after hollande meets putin and obama, 
  from what ? 
  i guess i went to war in syria and iraq in my sleep , then, 
  social changes do n't take hundreds of years . 
  rome has been through hundreds of trends and cultural shifts , especially with its expansion and integration of many peoples . 
  it 's hard to point at a so-called `` decadence '' , that existed even before the empire , to explain rome 's downfall . 
  rome falling because of its decadence is from the writing of a very conservative aristocratic patrician order with the likes of cicero or livy . 
  most of our sources from rome are from this class that existed ever since rome became a republic , they are the guys who always thought that rome should go back to its initial state . 
  on the other hand we rarely have the point of view of a plebeian or an equestrian . 
  and now that i think of it , i never recalled later romans to be more lenient in regards to barbarians . 
  to the contrary they still viewed them as inferior and talked about them in a completely alien way ( from the accounts of roman ambassadors about theodoric , if you want a source ) . 
  they never lost any kind of tough-ass attitude , it was just directed at their political enemies and other romans instead of barbarians who were viewed as good mercenary armies for political leverage . 
  they still took up arms for an organization that was the target of french air strikes . 
  at that moment they became enemy soldiers , there should be accountability for that . 
  that 's still dumb as fuck . 
  roman society was already pretty liberal sexually and sometimes hedonistic even before octavian . 
  his political rhetoric was generally about confronting the vice that had taken rome , but at the same time while we had a society like this it was the beginning of rome 's greatest period of stability . 
  yeah i 'm not calling for summary executions in the street , but now that even the army is involved and that we 're in a state of emergency , why not directly imprison all the known militants who went to fight for isis ? 
  an executive decision saying that they 're enemies of the state would be pretty much enough to do that , and no one would complain . 
  we should n't consider them european anymore . 
  at the end of the second world war , the french who joined the ranks of the ss in the charlemagne division were executed . 
  that 's how you deal with those who join an organization that has declared itself an enemy of your country , i do n't see why it 's not that simple . 
  they were trained and funded from syria and iraq . 
  the base of power and revenue isis holds is from their land resources . 
  the battle is there , not in europe . 
  you ca n't just increase security and brace for the next attacks , you have to go to the source , where the gunmen and suicide bombers were trained , where their plan was put in motion . 
  there will always be someone to take an ak and shoot everyone in the streets anywhere . 
  you can stop the war where the people get trained to use the ak , though , and for that you go to the middle east . 
  i 'm just curious what invoking this article entails , we 'll see after today 's meeting of defense ministers . 
  why do people keep comparing today 's eu to the roman empire ? 
  it 's dumb, 
  without the world knowing , we are forming a second grande arm\u00e9e , and this time the uk will have to be part of it . 
  genius . 
  some of the gunmen friday were combatants from syria . 
  it likely means that is does not trust the lone wolf terrorists to act on their own since they 're untrained . 
  they needed to send people to give orders on the field and prepare the campaign . 
  this is the dumbest shit i 've ever read in my life . 
  we 're not letting in self-governing war tribes that we 're using to wage civil wars between ourselves in europe . 
  the french government said they were expecting an attack . 
  they knew something was up . 
  the guys in these attacks were not homegrown/lone wolf terrorists . 
  they were equipped , trained , executed a planned operation , and most likely went through military training . 
  it 's not a question of force . 
  the us is already making pretty clear that they desire closer relations with australia , new zealand , and canada with deals like the tpp . 
  america is turning towards the pacific and needs these two allies to have better weight when dealing with china around the spratleys , that 's why the commonwealth wo n't mean much politically in the future : all of these close cousins are already being flirted by the coolest guy in the family . 
  yeah but the eu is stronk , he knows what it means to be insignificant that 's why he 's warning his english pal , 
  mid-sized economy , yeah . 
  compared to the us , china , and the eu the uk itself is a dwarf, 
  but france and germany unimpeded , this is like charlemagne all over again . 
  this will be glorious , the plan is working, 
  hahaha that 's funny you think the uk has the power to do something like that while ` murica is around, 
  i did n't say people who speak one language are stupid , but that training your youth to communicate in different languages can never hurt, 
  well done sir, 
  well , someone who goes to work for minimum wage in france does n't really need english unless he 's in sale in a touristy area , so kinda . 
  because it 's the most spoken language in the world does n't mean you should n't educate your youth to be smarter , literally nothing stops anyone from becoming fluent in another language . 
  half of the people in said section barely speak any good english anyway, 
  notice the absence of the uk , italy , and france .
