haha, 
  sweden does n't need to be part of nato , eu members must help each other . 
  look at how fast the french military responded when rebels were closing on territories where french companies are in mali . 
  do you not think french companies have partnerships with sweden ? 
  or german companies ? 
  only this is enough to raise interests in intervening for european states . 
  and they would only be taking on an aging military . 
  no one can match up to a nato military , not even the current russian army . 
  russia attacked ukraine and did a lot of damage but not to the point of making the country crash down . 
  i doubt the russian military can take over poland or the baltic so rapidly that the uk , france , sweden , italy or spain could not have the time to mount a counter offensive, 
  because ukraine being attacked is n't affecting the eu , defending them is not worth the cost of tensions with russia , but defending poland or the baltic is important for the economic stability of the eu . 
  then you 're a fool . 
  being in the eu means being in a common market , a common economy . 
  what hurts a member hurts all others . 
  on the other hand anything hurting the us does n't need a recovery in europe to be solved . 
  long story short , americans can afford not to give a shit , but other european nations have to defend each just by the simple fact that we now depend on each other economically . 
  this is the same reason why eu members ca n't go to war against each other , our resources are shared . 
  germany would n't be in control . 
  they 'd have a big voice for sure but paris would probably have the lead if the uk did n't join in . 
  yet we signed the lancaster house treaties five years ago . 
  we 've got your back . 
  all these threats that are being taken care of by us led enterprises are much closer to europe than they are to america : isis , russia ... europe should take the lead by a simple sense of self preservation , and that is why i believe europe needs to have more integration with its armed forces . 
  on top of that we 'd get a way better voice when dealing with america , it 'd make us more partners than vassals . 
  have n't you seen the jerks who write in two languages on this sub ? 
  yeah most if the time it 's us, 
  italy was pretty harsh on greece , though, 
  i think pretty much all of the eu was in that gang bang, 
  after the organized public rape of greece , it 's strange to hear . 
  i 'm not going to argue , i had no idea there was oil there . 
  but my main point was to counter the assumption that israel just gave back sinai in some altruistic move . 
  the us secured a new supplier quickly enough . 
  if oil was n't worth tensions with egypt even though israel had just crushed their assaults , it gives you a clue on how much the israeli foreign policy values producing its own oil . 
  israel does n't need oil , though . 
  it needs water , that 's why they 're ready to give back sinai but will never relinquish the golan heights , and will keep pushing to annex the west bank . 
  they gave back sinai and portions of gaza after they drilled the ground to see if there was anything valuable . 
  the only thing israel ever gave back was dirt . 
  [ i guess the uk should care since it . . 
  i do n't know , guaranteed ukraine 's sovereignty ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ), 
  because qu\u00e9bec is the last thing that makes canada different from ` murica, 
  yeah , he went to qu\u00e9bec to kinda support the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois because he felt france owed them after it let new france to the british instead of haiti, 
  they 're not at all important now , and would get squashed by the authorities . 
  paris has never liked any kind of separatism . 
  on top of that , were they to become independent they would all be close to a third world nation 's standard of living in two weeks . 
  honhonhon , what 's the point of being a superpower ? 
  everyone hates you at that point . 
  be a middle power , no one notices you and you do whatever the fuck you want . 
  we even assassinated officials just for the convenience of the paris-dakar race . 
  yeah . 
  the downside is that the failure of these hijackers was probably a lesson for those who took the planes during 9/11, 
  yeah , they even made a movie about a 22 minute long assault, 
  fuck , do you imagine a plane crashing in the eiffel tower ? 
  we 'll probably start nuking countries, 
  i do n't think so , but then when i see people constantly praising israel for everything i 'm wondering why they have n't moved already . 
  i also feel that us conservatives are way too inclined in considering a military option as a possibility . 
  they 're already calling for strikes against another country . 
  i mean , you really need to have a certain mentality to be able to consider this as being a positive political subject . 
  maybe because their voters are quick to forget about the last conflicts their conservative leaders led them to , which were horrific ? 
  he was a dumbass . 
  he made his sortie against nelson because he learnt napoleon sent a replacement and he perfectly knew nelson was a way better commander than him, 
  gives me goosebumps every time . 
  `` temple of the united nations '' , responsibility , the sanctity he gives to the security council . 
  this will be remembered in history . 
  the interview chirac gave to amanpour is also great to watch today . 
  i 'll always have a tooth against american media for how much they bashed the french who were just trying to warn them to slow down and avoid a catastrophe . 
  he was assassinated on his way back to paris . 
  fortunately . 
  indochina was lost , and asking to nuke a country was probably the most irresponsible and cruel idea i 've ever heard . 
  i was n't necessarily talking about a political leader elected by direct suffrage . 
  for all i care , the eu parliament could get its own chancellor elected by parliament , but there needs to be someone who is the face and voice of any decision involving foreign affairs and military business . 
  i did n't necessarily talk about a president , but there needs to be a political chief nonetheless , otherwise the details of any conflict would always be argued over by parliament members for hours because everyone would be in for their own interests . 
  yes i do . 
  first of all ho chi minh was n't organizing any sort of rebellion during world war 1 , he was a student in paris in the 20s . 
  second , there was no revolt against france in indochina during the great war , so i have no idea why you 're talking about helping the vietnamese at this period . 
  then , ho chi minh was a founding member of the french communist party , and started his fight against the japanese as part of the global communist revolt against axis powers and imperialism . 
  take that in consideration and even before the end of ww2 the us would n't have helped the viet minh forces . 
  and third , it would not have been to america 's interest to do so because support in europe during and after the war was probably more important than support from vietnam . 
  france was the fourth largest army occupying germany , and then one of america 's best potential allies . 
  before de gaulle , france was the headquarters of nato . 
  finally , how can you actually say that the wars of america in the 20th century were for european interests ? 
  after ww1 the us became the world 's largest economy and production . 
  after ww2 it became a fucking superpower . 
  and then there was the cold war which was definitely not about what europeans wanted . 
  it 's america that forced the french and british out of suez . 
  what ? 
  after the is attack on the turkish border town , erdogan ordered the bombing of both is and the pkk which was fighting is at the same time . 
  he hit first , and now of course they counterattacked on istanbul since he fucking broke the ceasefire . 
  [ operation vulture ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_vulture ), 
  dude thank god ike said no . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone , it was a decision of simple decency . 
  france was done in indochina anyway . 
  manpower does n't determine military strength anymore , and this website is a crowd of guys jerking off in front of some data . 
  france and the uk are hands down the strongest european countries . 
  they both have nukes , they have territories around the world , experienced soldiers , and powerful fleets . 
  the iraq war has taken a toll on the uk recently which is why it is being less active and got budget cuts , allowing france to be more in the spotlight especially with its interventions in africa , but still . 
  on top of that the two countries have very developed arms industries and can be self-sustained in supplying their forces if they chose to engage in total war . 
  right now actually , france and the uk would probably be able to beat down russia in conventional warfare . 
  the fact the russians wanted to buy ships from france shows they are lagging in modernizing their military instead of france and the uk that have prosperous military industries . 
  germany ca n't be the deciding factor in regards to military matters . 
  it 's the most pacifist country in europe .
