the poor girl was torn in two , horrible , horrible way to die . 
  yet no pictures of the poor 11 year old girl torn in half in stockholm . 
  soros ? 
  because sweden is part of the dar al-harb ( house of war ) until it is a muslim majority country ruled by an islamic government . 
  treat the cause , not the symptoms . 
  just to be a pedant , several merely means more than two but not many . 
  it does n't literally mean seven . 
  apologies for grammar nazism . 
  rrg = game over . 
   all by himself not really . 
  if certain parties had n't armed the rebels ( and by extension isis ) he probably would have been able to put down the uprising pretty quickly ( albeit brutally ) . 
  likely would have been less loss of life as well . 
  actually correlates pretty well with the migrant crisis . 
  hahahahaha glad i 'm not the only paradox fan . 
  instead of revanchism in germany though you would have had it in france and the uk , so we might have seen either a communist or fascist france ( or even uk ) , while the kaiserreich struggled with internal division . 
  so many interesting possibilities though , imagine a french monsieur hitler . 
  might be time to reassess the ponzi scheme rather than put our country 's future on the line ... 
  resorting to ad hominem . 
  you 've shown your true colours , you 're not even worth engaging from this point on . 
  enjoy your echo chamber , i 'm sure everything will be fine , it 's the current year after all . 
   i 'm centre-left ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  mostly because the democrats have insisted on importing new voters into those regions . 
  gerrymandering by immigration basically . 
  100 % agree with this . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#statistics  of the unauthorized entrants arriving in europe by sea in 2015 , 58 % were adult males over 18 years of age , 17 % were adult females over 18 years of age you probably have some reason you wo n't accept wikipedia at this point , but i 'm not going to go trudging through statistics portals for you . 
   amazing how virtually all the people whining about refugees and trying to collectively incite against them are right to far right . 
  amazing how all the people ignoring reality and pretending millions of culturally incompatible young men coming to europe unchecked is fine and dandy are left to far left . 
   maybe do n't post far-right anti-refugee copypasta i did n't , i posted a fact . 
  if you want to see right wing bodeymen everywhere that 's your problem . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  if the eu disintegrates it will be mostly down to the decisions taken in 2015 . 
  the demographic and economic fallout of the disastrous decisions of the last few decades primarily effect young people , so it 's not surprising really . 
  i worry about the future of germany . 
  great argument !, 
  how are brexit and trump disasters ? 
  also hofer got 46.2 % of the vote , hardly a shameful result . 
  wilders gained 33 % more seats than last election i believe and the left was totally obliterated . 
  you 're right , it 's mostly military aged males . 
  the fact that so many are completely blind to the horrors of mass immigration of culturally incompatible people amazes me . 
  what makes you think le pen is an `` extreme nationalist '' ? 
  and it is unlikely to remain peaceful or prosperous thanks to the disastrous immigration policies of those who would belittle le pen . 
  an macron is telling us the same lies we 've been hearing for 60 years . 
  actually i 'd say it 's full of western european apologists , but i 'm sure we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  sounds like a load of shite to be honest with you . 
  posted this above , i doubt joint sovereignty is on the cards . 
  `` actually a proposal for dual sovereignty back in 2002 fell apart . 
  spain would n't entertain the idea without a timetable for annexation and refused to allow the inhabitants of gibraltar to have a referendum on the subject . 
  recovering gibraltar remains a stated objective of the spanish government , so saying that they do n't want to take over is incorrect . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_2002 although straw had felt confident enough to announce that there had been talks on joint sovereignty , a number of issues still remained to be resolved . 
  firstly , spain was insisting on a time element for a full transfer of sovereignty to spain . 
  secondly , spain would not agree to give gibraltar a referendum on either joint sovereignty or self-determination . '', 
  actually a proposal for dual sovereignty back in 2002 fell apart . 
  spain would n't entertain the idea without a timetable for annexation and refused to allow the inhabitants of gibraltar to have a referendum on the subject . 
  recovering gibraltar remains a stated objective of the spanish government , so saying that they do n't want to take over is incorrect . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_2002  although straw had felt confident enough to announce that there had been talks on joint sovereignty , a number of issues still remained to be resolved . 
  firstly , spain was insisting on a time element for a full transfer of sovereignty to spain . 
  secondly , spain would not agree to give gibraltar a referendum on either joint sovereignty or self-determination . 
  it 's been more than a few days lad . 
  cool . 
  then just let them go and stop acting so butthurt . 
  lad , look at who 's posting all the propaganda and salt . 
  call a spade a spade , if you 're acting like cult members you 're acting like cult members . 
  come off it . 
  it 's butt hurt because the brits are leaving the club/cult, 
  as opposed to the uninformed anti-uk propaganda ? 
  i have to agree . 
  there 's a lot of aggression being displayed towards the uk in this sub and it 's disgusting . 
  people here are behaving like cultists . 
  apparently in this sub europe = eu, 
  hahahahaha wow . 
  never mind the fact that britain fought to defeat the nazis , or were integral in defending western europe from the soviets . 
  but immigrants are raping swedish women . 
  we really ca n't say for certain how things will be organised in the future . 
  anyway the us is a different beast altogether . 
  same language , culture , history . 
  it 's just a massive nation state really , sticking a number of nations together who do n't necessarily agree on the fundamentals will not lead to usa 2.0 , it 's probably more likely to lead to yugoslavia 2.0, 
  send them home . 
  what a bloody clown . 
  damned smelly plebs , have no idea what 's best for them . 
  best leave it up to career politicians , shadowy bureaucrats and lobbyists . 
  well to be fair a lot of people here are wishing the uk will fall apart and be destroyed financially . 
  i always found it strange that the us was founded on secession but will under no circumstances tolerate secession . 
  do you believe countries should not be able to regulate immigration ? 
  we do n't know if it 's a mistake yet , only time will tell . 
   brexit should not be forgotten . 
  it needs to be remembered so that others do not make the same mistake . 
  this kind of stuff sounds very cult-like . 
  lads this anti-uk circle jerk is getting very cringe-worthy now . 
  let them go , you guys look like bunny boilers at this point . 
  in some ways yes , in some ways no . 
  it 's actually more akin to a situation like this , you 're driving , i decide that i want us to go faster so i say to you `` i really think we should go faster '' , you then press down the accelerator and struggle to keep control of the car . 
  i have some responsibility , but at the end of the day you were the one who was driving not me . 
  the ultimate responsibility for the vehicle rests with you . 
  to be devil 's advocate here they gave scotland their referendum a couple of years ago . 
  so basically it just encourages pre-planned binge drinking and mass buying of alcohol `` just in case i need it '' which ends up getting drank during said binge . 
  sounds like a pretty dumb system . 
  not if you were a working class brit . 
  fake news . 
  i would n't take it personally , there 's a bit of a cult-like hatred of the uk here at the moment . 
  i 'm sure the guy in jonestown who refused to drink the koolaid got some hate too ,
