  no more deportations even for failed asylum seekers . 
  goodnight germany and very likely the eu if we see them trying to push more relocations . 
  murder-rape of maria ladenburger was `` right wing propaganda nonsense '' ? 
  same with the disgraceful happenings in cologne on new year 's eve ? 
  i suppose the christmas market attack in berlin did n't happen either ? 
  give yourself a good shake . 
  murder-rapes and mass sexual assaults are `` okay '' now ? 
  then why is the pound falling in value being paraded as some sort of failure here ? 
  why is it that obama doubled the us national debt , with essentially nothing to show for it . 
  yet trump proposing a moderate increase , for economic growth is being slated as a bad thing ? 
  brussels could end up like that some day . 
  has a lot of the hallmarks . 
  vastly different cultures , parallel societies . 
  maybe some day you 'll have a peace wall of your own around molenbeek . 
   `` fear of difference '' , which fascism seeks to exploit and exacerbate , often in the form of racism `` trump success was built on working and middle class ** whites ** fearful of a changing america '' are you a fascist now lowenmeister ? 
  well refusing to take back their citizens and facilitating their illegal entry into our nations constitutes quite the provocation . 
  no you do n't , it 's just easier if you have one . 
  if we loaded these people onto boats and shipped them back to north africa who 's going to stop us ? 
   the purpose of this sub is n't to provide news . 
  what 's it for then ? 
  what 's he accused of hacking ? 
  i 'm not saying it would be in our interests to leave or even that we will leave . 
  i 'm simply saying that punishing the uk will also indirectly punish ireland and this will cause resentment . 
  do n't forget , despite our history together , ireland is far closer to and intertwined with the uk than with any other country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ireland%e2%80%93united_kingdom_relations#co-operation just glancing at that will give you an idea of how deeply entangled we are . 
  ireland 's economic success is due to a whole range of factors , including , but not limited to the eu . 
  thank you for posting this . 
  very well said and very apt right now . 
  some people seem to assign almost cult-like status to the eu . 
  the presiding attitude that one must utterly annihilate any who would dream of leaving really smacks of scientology . 
  as i said it would be fuel on the fire . 
  many more irish people care about free movement to the uk and northern ireland , than do about free movement to france or bulgaria . 
  right now we are . 
  if we are forced to have a hard border with the uk and things start to get shaky for the north and for irish citizens in the uk that could all change very rapidly . 
  there 's already an underlying bad blood because of the bank bailouts this could just add fuel to the fire . 
  well to be fair not many people in ireland want a hard border to re-appear in the north and as irishluigi says , ireland and the uk have had the cta since 1923 , but in practice much longer seeing as they were one country before it came into force . 
  this will be one point the eu should be careful when negotiating as this has the potential to push ireland away from the eu . 
  to be fair nothing he has said here is even remotely worthy of dissolution . 
  someone should have asked that man to leave . 
  failing that get a czech friend to perform defenestration . 
  definitely . 
  i suppose the reasoning was trying to keep a `` balance of power '' in europe , by weakening germany . 
  difficult to say . 
  in a land war the germany/austria-hungary union would win without a doubt . 
  the question is if they could defeat france quickly enough to seek a peace before succumbing to britain 's inevitable blockade . 
  i personally believe they would , considering a much smaller germany obliterated france very quickly . 
  interesting alternate history there . 
  one has to imagine that without us intervention ( and even with it at the point ) a unified germany/austria-hungary would have won a conflict with france . 
  europe would look very different today that 's for sure ... 
  the technology for space exploration also got a huge boost from the german rocketry research from the second world war . 
  who developed faster without conflict ? 
  so now a group of 20 left wing journalists based in berlin can shape public opinion and help influence elections by preventing us from seeing dissenting views . 
  even more hilarisad is that the idea that they will `` pay our pensions '' is farcical . 
  half of them are on welfare ( officially ) . 
  those on language courses , education etc. 
  are n't considered unemployed . 
  so the majority do n't work . 
   non-eu citizens aged 20-64 were in 2013 twice as likely ( 21.3 % ) to be unemployed in one of the eu 's 28 member states compared to `` nationals '' ( 10.0 % ) , new data from the eu 's statistics office eurostat shows . 
  the data also revealed that the employment rate was 56.1 % for non-eu citizens , compared with 68.9 % for citizens of the reporting country . 
  but large differences can be found within member states . 
  in sweden , which has the biggest gap , the employment rate for non-eu citizens was 50.2 % compared with 81.3 % for nationals ( -31.1 percentage points ) , followed by belgium ( -28.8 ) , the netherlands ( -26.8 ) , france ( -22.0 ) , finland ( -20.5 ) and germany ( -20.2 ) . 
  source - https://www.euractiv.com/section/social-europe-jobs/news/non-eu-citizens-twice-as-likely-to-be-unemployed/, 
  the problem with that though , is that it 's a pyramid scheme . 
  permanent growth is totally unsustainable . 
  so we either reform the system , or continue growing to infinity until we have completely destroyed the environment . 
  western europe is already one of the most densely populated regions on earth , it could stand to have a lower population . 
  why do you feel the need to look at my history ? 
  why ca n't you just respond to the comments here ? 
  why the swearing ? 
  you did n't contribute to the discussion at all . 
  i apologise that i post quite a bit about what is the most significant event in europe since the fall of the soviet union . 
  if we 're going to talk about rule 5 , i notice that you spend a significant amount of your time here shilling for mass migration and attacking britain and russia , so you 're basically the pot calling the kettle black . 
  oh i understand there is a difference of opinion . 
  i 'm merely saying that in 5 years in japan i never once met someone who said that mass immigration to japan would be a good thing , even the left leaning people i spoke with had no interest in it . 
  edit , just to add , i did however meet a number of people who lamented what was going on in western europe , quite a few had said that they felt much less safe in paris and london than they had previously . 
  i spent a number of years living there and believe me , most japanese people do not believe we have the right idea . 
  they are looking at what western europe is doing to itself with horror . 
  there is no appetite for mass immigration in japan . 
  the point still stands though . 
  mass-immigration will only kick the can down the road and create a whole slew of other problems to boot . 
  the best solution is probably a short sharp correction , like tearing off a band-aid . 
  massive pension reform ( what we have now is basically a pyramid scheme ) or increased taxes for a generation until the population pyramid normalizes . 
  story time - when i was a young whippersnapper , i was playing with the chickens in my grandmother 's garden . 
  she asked me which one i liked , i pointed to my favourite chicken . 
  * snap * she broke it 's neck right there and we had it for dinner that evening . 
  i think , while somewhat traumatic , it showed me the value of meat . 
  it does n't just grow on a supermarket shelf . 
  introducing kids to reality is often a good thing , they 're much more robust than we give them credit for . 
  ps have n't murdered anyone yet !, 
  tell me again why our populations in europe shrinking is a bad thing in the face of this future mass unemployment ? 
  why are we importing unskilled migrants again ? 
  seems like japan has the right idea . 
  losing an mp , particularly one who has been elected to the bundestag 7 times is never good news , especially not during an election year . 
  why choose the period after re-unification ? 
  was it to deliberately avoid the very active period of far left violence in the 70s/80s ? 
  as someone who grew up watching the troubles unfold in the north of ireland , i ca n't understand why anyone would want to create them in their own country . 
  we had two different communities following a forced mass migration of people into ulster in the 16th and 17th centuries and we 're still dealing with the fallout to this day . 
  sometimes i look at what 's happening in germany/western europe today and wonder if there wo n't eventually be `` peace walls '' here too . 
  sell to east asia ? 
   the election year has gotten off to a shaky start for merkel .
