  perfectly natural for the population to shrink , infinite growth is in no way sustainable or desirable . 
   no , the only reason for immigrants is to get tax payers / consumers . 
  you forgot future voters for the parties enabling mass migration . 
  if diplomacy does n't work we should absolutely have the option to use force . 
  if we are unwilling or unable to do so then do n't be surprised when these countries continue to walk all over us . 
   unless europe finally invests rather large sums into cooperative development projects in africa or is willing to use violence to defend it 's borders . 
  that 's the thing , if the law does n't work as originally intended then it is the issue . 
  if pakistan wo n't play ball according to the laws as they are then we either need to force them to play ball or change the law and how we deal with asylum . 
  we have to play our hand as it is , not how we want it to be . 
  if the laws do n't work as originally intended , then the laws are at issue and will need to be changed to reflect reality . 
  we ca n't afford to just sit here wringing our hands and saying `` the laws are ok it 's just that those guys wo n't follow them ! '', 
  these people have got to be controlled opposition . 
  there is no way anyone could make something so cringey and pathetic unless they were deliberately trying to sabotage it . 
  diversity is a strength !, 
   do you guys have a strong benefits system ? 
  yes and particularly for single mothers . 
  ireland has a whole underclass of perpetual welfare scroungers . 
   and those economic migrants rarely get refugee status in germany . 
  they also rarely get deported , so they will still get duldung and citizenship eventually . 
  how many of them are actually refugees ? 
  at this point we seem to be getting a lot of sub-saharan `` syrians '', 
   but who cares . 
  maybe the relatives of the people killed in terror attacks or raped ? 
   if only we 'd have successful examples of deporting rejected asylum seekers . 
  if only it had occurred in your own country not 20 years ago . 
  if only . 
  how many failed asylum seekers are deported now ? 
  a different time , different circumstances and you know it . 
  who will help you if jihadis kidnap or kill you ? 
   tunisia were n't multiple tourists gunned down in tunisia a few years ago ? 
   we tend to avoid confrontation at all costs . 
  we never complain . 
  less we offend others . 
  only the meek ones , irish history is full of quite `` forceful '' complaints and confrontation . 
  as long as we 're all aware of your biases then . 
  although communist/marxist might be more accurate if we are sticking rigidly to your logic . 
  using that same logic you are chairman mao . 
  doubleplus good comment comrade !, 
  ban `` assault '' trucks while you 're at it too . 
  if it was a native brit , they would have released the name and picture straight away . 
  coulter 's law in full view . 
   that 's what happened with postwar european emigration towards the us please stop trotting out this falsehood . 
  europeans migrated to the us legally . 
  they were not receiving welfare from the government and if they did n't pull their own weight they would starve . 
  without the `` punjabis '' the wages would rise to the point where the italians would find the jobs `` worthy '' . 
  i wonder if there were people like you in the forum as rome was being overrun by barbarians saying `` it 's fine , it 's just a few visigoths , nothing to worry about . '', 
  or maybe sitting around a tribal council fire in america , `` do n't worry , these white men are just a drop in the bucket , nothing to worry about . 
  we should be more concerned with the buffalo hunt . '', 
  migration is a huge issue . 
  once these people are here we will never be rid of them . 
  unemployment has been high before , banks have failed before , we can fix these issues . 
  millions of africans permanently altering the demographics and culture of italy ca n't be fixed so easily and the only precedents we have for this sort of mass exodus of people have never ended well for the natives . 
  it 's by far the biggest issue . 
  you can fix unemployment and banks at a later point , but once your people have been replaced you 're finished . 
  demographics are destiny . 
   it 's not like the government can forcibly control the crisis without committing some violations of human rights then we will need to start committing some violations of human rights . 
   you ca n't stop humans from looking a better standard of living . 
  yes you can , the same way i can stop people from coming into my house and taking my things . 
  what you mean to say is you do n't want to do anything yet , because it has n't effected you personally . 
   it 's a similar situation to the one the us had with postwar european immigration . 
  no it 's not . 
  not at all in fact . 
  they are . 
  all pharmacists and gynecologists . 
  nothing to worry about , weitermachen !, 
  this is so sad . 
  i had always wanted to visit italy and rome , but i do n't want to see it like this ... 
   jobbridge was scrapped a year ago . 
  excellent news . 
   when i lived in london i found that most entry level graduate jobs paid around # 18k ( $ 20.5 k ) . 
  back in ireland the going rate for entry level graduate jobs is about $ 25k ( # 23k ) . 
  i think you 're underestimating graduate salaries in london by a fair margin . 
  not like ireland is any better with jobsbridge . 
   the acion your suggesting would cost lives if we did your way not necessarily . 
  simply pick them up in the med ( ie do n't let them drown ) and drop them back on the libyan coast . 
  the system right now actually leads to multiple thousands of deaths . 
  they get into rickety boats with the understanding that eu/ngo vessels will pick them up if they get into trouble , trouble is they 're not always there . 
   how much danger they are in staying put if risking your life on the open sea just and a maybe you might die vss staying here i will die then the course of action is very clear indeed . 
  indeed if these were actual refugees you may have a point , but they are not , they are economic migrants from sub-saharan africa and bangladesh . 
  the choice is not `` stay here and die '' or `` risk my life on the open sea '' . 
  the choice is `` stay here and face poverty and limited economic opportunities '' vs `` take a very small risk of dying in exchange for greatly improved economic opportunities and access to the european welfare states , with likely citizenship in x years '' . 
  it 's really not helping though . 
  every migrant ( because let 's be honest these are economic migrants not refugees ) you bring to italy simply increases the burden on italy . 
  the best thing you could do to help would be to support italy if they seek to close their ports or turn back the boats . 
  no they would n't . 
  if each crossing costs x thousand dollars , once a few stories leak back about no one getting in , or those that do being immediately deported , people will stop trying . 
   tbh we ( ireland ) are trying everything we can to help italy no you 're not , unless you think sending your navy to act as a taxi service in the mediterranean is helping in any way . 
  there is no hope of integration at all , this is just sticking a band-aid on a gunshot wound . 
  fuck the echr , could luck collecting the fines from italy if they refuse to play ball . 
  rt is actually a decent source of information for certain stories where the traditional media in europe has an overwhelming left wing bias , e.g the migrant crisis . 
  but it 's not the `` alt-right '' destabilizing europe , it 's the open borders nut jobs and ngos . 
  and international law is what strong nations decide it is . 
  because the eu is afraid to act on it 's own in case someone calls them naughty . 
  when orban erected a fence in hungary to stem the migrant flows . 
   it 's not feasible to replace germany , italy in that supply line with china and india . 
  it 's not feasible at the current price point , but if the eu institutes punitive tariffs , as the above poster alluded to , then who knows . 
  yup , part of me wonders if this is part of the reason this is being allowed to occur at all . 
  now in a few years people will be pointing the finger at the `` new germans '' as the reason our welfare state collapsed ( and to be fair they will hasten the decline ) , rather than looking to the gross mismanagement of our politicians . 
  as always the nutjobs holding open borders signs here are simply useful idiots and will be the first to complain when the welfare and free education and healthcare are cut . 
  come again ?
