  you might , depending on a lot of factors . 
  i mean one can recognize something like the eu as being overall positive , but still take such issue with certain areas , say currency or migration , that one may not wish to be a member oneself . 
  needs more diversity . 
   nobody ever claimed that regarding the refugees . 
  yes they most certainly did . 
  we were being sold a complete cock and bull story about highly educated syrians coming and filling skills gaps . 
  instead we got ficki ficki squads and a bill for $ 20 billion euros in 2016 . 
  the linked article does not specify that the funds are targeted towards second and third generation immigrants , no idea where you got that . 
  come on man , at least bother reading up on the subject instead of naively blindly believing online left wing news sources, 
  i think this is a sign of less daily low level drinking . 
  binge drinking certainly has n't been affected , but most people i know would n't drink 2 or 3 beers every day , whereas in the past more people did that . 
  now it seems that drinking 10 beers once every few weeks is more normal . 
  do n't agree with the above poster that muslims are responsible , but how do those demographics look in the traditional binge drinking age categories , say 16-30 ? 
  certainly higher than 5.7 % . 
   open borders japan agreeing to this , ahahahahahahahahahaha !, 
   secondly stop being so afraid of immigrants that you want to run shitty nationalist propaganda campaigns . 
  stop being so afraid of natural post-industrial revolution population decline that you want to replace your own people with foreigners of dubious productivity or cultural compatibility . 
  honestly they are looking at western europe trying to solve the aging demographic problem with migration and they are quite convinced we `` will not pull it off '', 
  never going to happen , japan 's population will contract , there will be some economic pain for a generation and then in 50-100 years japan will still be japan . 
  germany on the other hand ... 
  until you try to push migrant quotas on japan and they attack brussels with gundams . 
  but ... but ... a man on reddit assured me this was n't happening !, 
  never let a good crisis go to waste !, 
  well let 's see how it all looks in 20-30 years , 
  please tell me you are being sarcastic ? 
  please tell me you are not this naive and delusional . 
  please ... 
  time to change the treaties or ignore them then . 
  they were clearly designed for a different era and are no longer fit for purpose . 
  virtue signalling and decades of brainwashing . 
  well then they should look into addressing that . 
  but it 's certainly not my problem if people in africa are having too many kids , to put it quite simply , fuck em . 
  you and i both know the majority of the 2015 arrivals will have duldung shortly , then bring their families and eventually have german passports . 
  agreed , and if they refuse ship them back . 
  if they fire on our ships , fire back . 
  i have no idea why we 're allowing ourselves to be forced to take these people . 
   are you deliberately being a fucking tool ? 
  bravo lad , you had nothing sensible to say so you just resorted to name calling . 
   how many of those terrorists were in fact nationals of eu countries ? 
  born and bred here . 
  fantastic , so we 're seeing the consequences of retarded immigration policies from 30 years ago and now you want to double down on those so we have even more problems 30 years into the future . 
   your world must be fun , everything seems so simple and easy there . 
  but on the other hand that 's proababy [ sic ] just because it 's inhabited by simple minds . 
  you know what , i really am just losing all desire to even bother debating with people like you , you 're willfully ignorant . 
  i just wish we could live in separate countries so it will be you and your kids dealing with the fallout of your utopian fantasy shit-show in the future and i could just watch on tv . 
  unfortunately the ak-47s and bombs of jihadis wo n't differentiate between us . 
  are you being deliberately obtuse ? 
  japan is 99 % japanese , with the 1 % of immigrants being made up of culturally similar koreans and chinese . 
  there is no mass 3rd world migration to japan and they are doing fantastically as a result . 
   surely not a healthy thing for the hungarian state . 
  doubtful that anything soros and co have in mind would be a healthy thing for the hungarian state . 
  indeed it can . 
  ask japan and poland for advice if you 're unsure how it would work . 
  which controls were present in the summer of 2015 ? 
  you go controlled the men who murdered and mutilated hundreds of french youth at the bataclan ? 
  who controlled the failed libyan asylum seeker who massacred christmas market goers in berlin ? 
  maybe they are just people with legitimate concerns about the direction their country is taking ? 
  maybe they think some sort of controls should be in place to regulate people coming in from parts of the world which are renowned for political violence and abuse of women and children ? 
  nah probably just `` nazis '', 
   she choose trump as her lover . 
  no need for being constructive or respectful . 
  i 'm afraid the time of political correctness is over !, 
  what does this load of butthurt nonsense even mean ? 
  she did n't join in with the pre - and post-election anti trump circle jerk therefore she 's bad ? 
  it 's ok , they 'll pay our pensions right ... right ? 
  please stop ferrying in 3rd world migrants , thank you . 
  how will life look in we after taking a few more million 3rd world migrants ? 
  if necessary yes , shoot them . 
  if we had sunk the first few boats in 2015 less people probably would have died than have drowned in the med in the last 2 years . 
  borders and armed guards . 
  or you know , borders . 
  but we all know that this wo n't be happening with the waves of migrants crossing to italy or the people who came to germany in 2015/2016 so why even pretend ? 
  what is libya ? 
  if international law is being used to our detriment then we should n't allow ourselves to be hamstrung by it . 
  if north african countries are allowing themselves to be used as a staging point for illegal migration to europe then they are already acting in an aggressive manner , if they fire on us while we tow ships back then fire back . 
  what do you propose then ? 
  simply allowing millions of 3rd world economic migrants to come to europe every year until what ? 
  war breaks out or we end up with some authoritarian leader ? 
  sounds fantastic . 
  well when they were making the suggestions to stop this madness they were attacked , so who can blame them . 
  orban tried to build a fence and was lambasted as a `` nazi '', 
   we have to help them on sea by international law . 
  we ca n't put the boats back without permission of the other countries . . or we violate international law . 
  if a law is being exploited to the detriment of our people then it is time to change that law or ignore it . 
  or do you propose we tell our grandkids their country is fucked because `` we could n't send the boats back without permission '' ? 
  they warned you that letting these spoofers in was a huge mistake and you chose to ignore those warnings . 
  why should they ruin their own countries now too ? 
  vs what exactly ? 
  left wing logic ? 
  some hashtags and flag filters will solve the problem ? 
  ca n't we drop the right v left circle jerk and please go about solving this very real and very serious threat to our countries ? 
  depends on the type of immigration . 
  nice to see a picture of it without a flag projection : /, 
  what 's your plan ? 
  facebook filter and hashtags until the next attack ? 
  nah , their goal is to wage a low intensity jihad against us until the demographics swing enough in their favour that they can go full on lebanon on us . 
  what complete and total idiocy . 
  never mind actually addressing any of the root causes of these attacks , stopping mass immigration , vetting the people that do come , interning suspected jihadis and their accomplices , no lets just take away the freedoms of ordinary law abiding citizens . 
  one wonders if this is intentional , the internet has given us unprecedented freedom to communicate and disseminate information and if there 's one the elites do n't like it 's the plebs knowing too much . 
  https://youtu.be/onxaueiinkw good explanation as to why comparing the ira to islamic terror is a fools errand .
