   i thought that only the governments were incompetent , not that there is an actual agenda . 
  you only have to turn on your television to see that there is an agenda . 
  constant denigration of white people and celebration of `` diversity '' for diversity 's sake , coupled with a push for unbridled mass migration from the 3rd world . 
  some very powerful interests are pushing for this . 
  coming to european countries soon if this nonsense carries on . 
  lack of political will to do so . 
   any ngo could bring a suit against the government too , either in italy or at the echr . 
  at this point the ngos should be on trial for human trafficking and reckless endangerment . 
  if they fire on our vessels , fire back . 
  not really . 
  europe has only really gone down the rabbit hole of uncontrolled mass migration in the last decade or so . 
  sure there were large immigrant groups in some countries , but everyone was still clinging to the `` we can integrate them ! '', 
  no one knew just how bad a failure multiculturalism was or would be before then . 
   what did the think they were joining ? 
  a magic money tree i can tell you what they did n't think they were joining , a mass 3rd world migration club . 
  at what point did i say we were struggling ? 
  i simply said that multiculturalism and mass migration from the 3rd world have not been good for us . 
  eastern europe is right to pass on that . 
   those who have no desire to commit to the solidarity they were given there is a difference between solidarity and a suicide pact . 
   $ 35.000 euro tax for every individual denied request under the quota . 
  i could not think of a better way to alienate eastern europeans than this . 
  they 've taken one look at the mess multiculturalism has brought to the west and they are quite rightly saying no . 
  i would be more in favour of fining ngos for every illegal they ferry over . 
  `` independence '' as a word does n't imply they were oppressed at all , merely that they wish to go their own way . 
  you seem to have really overreacted to his post , why even bring up the uk 's military history in this post at all , what 's the relevance ? 
  this will prove very very expensive with the constant migrant streams pouring in . 
   yeah , lets listen to those who want to keep status quo , lets not advance how does the mass migration of people from 3rd world countries help us advance ? 
   hordes wanting an aryan ethno-state . 
  you mean wanting their home country to remain majority polish as it has been for generations ? 
  good news for highly skilled workers who remain in the uk then , their wages will increase and rents will go down . 
   this is a european sub , not a uk sub . 
  the uk is in europe . 
  this seems to have become an eu sub , whereas it should be a sub for the european continent . 
  who would you recommend ? 
  every evening on sky news buddy . 
   if you moved to the mena or afghanistan , you could increase your chances beyond believe . 
  do n't worry in true german efficiency we are just moving them here , 
  nonsense . 
  the 20 billion a year we 're spending on fake refugees will be sorely missed by our older people . 
  better to reform the system then try to keep a failed ponzi scheme going and ruining our society in the process . 
  migrant quotas certainly do n't help . 
  it ca n't . 
  this same shit destroyed the wages in the irish construction and truck driving industries . 
  cheap workers from eastern europe undercut the native irish workers who had mortgages and families , while they were willing to sleep 10 to a house on mattresses on the floor . 
  yup , the amount of africans who somehow got hold of an irish passport by scamming those laws is shocking . 
  thanks for that , you 're quite right !, 
   most of the raids concerned politically motivated right-wing incitement , according to the federal criminal police office , whose officers conducted home searches and interrogations . 
  but the raids also targeted two people accused of left-wing extremist content i do have the feeling though that they tend to target the right more than the left , which always surprises me seeing how violent and confrontational antifa are . 
   far-left extrimist can you show me an example of these laws being used against far-left extremists ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  why are you insistent on sticking to a set of laws which are clearly being abused to the detriment of native european peoples ? 
  the laws were written to deal with a very different situation in the aftermath of ww2 , they could not foresee the massive waves of 3rd world economic migration into europe . 
  you 're being quite disingenuous now , please see my previous post  tow any ships intercepted back to libya . 
  if the migrants scuttle their vessels , rescue them and return them to libya . 
  the migrant flow would dry up in record time . 
  follow up question : how much will millions of non contributing economic migrants cost us over the coming generations ? 
  nonsense . 
  if a law has become detrimental to society it should be gotten rid of . 
  or do you think we should keep offenses like buggery on the books ? 
   but good that you already mention the economic real concerns on even doing such a thing . 
  i rather not pay for something that expensive to do something such as illegal immigrants . 
  which proved to be more expensive in the end , extending the maginot line to the sea or being invaded and occupied by germany ? 
  similarly which will prove to be more expensive in the end , securing our borders , or paying for millions of non-contributing economic migrants ? 
  if international law is no longer fit for purpose ( as in this case ) then it needs to be circumvented . 
  tow any ships intercepted back to libya . 
  if the migrants scuttle their vessels , rescue them and return them to libya . 
  the migrant flow would dry up in record time . 
   that 's why france collapsed by easily circumventing it . 
  you use this as a success ? 
  it is essentially the epitome why a single wall wo n't do a thing unless you encircle your entire country with it . 
  are we going to encircle europe entirely in a wall ? 
  france collapsed because they did not extend the maginot line to the sea due to economic and political concerns . 
  if they had done so the german army would not have been able to get circumvent the maginot line by pushing through the ardenne . 
   the eu ca n't because the eu has no competence regarding the outer borders . 
  where the eu has been given competency ( frontex ) it has set up a migrant taxi service . 
   what do you say to those who do n't want to take in any refugees ? 
  those who do n't want to take in people with a different skin colour or a different religion come from a world view which i do n't consider compatible with the primal mandate of the eu . 
  what a complete and total twat , sitting in his ivory tower . 
  ireland also has a population of 4.5 million which is comparatively tiny . 
  i 've noticed a huge change in the demographic make up of ireland 's cities in the last 10 years . 
  sword in this case meaning division , but ok , show me the part where jesus marries a 9 year old and kills thousands of people . 
   until ~ ~ a small minority of ~ ~ muslims stop taking the retarded and violent ~ ~ passages of the ~ ~ koran literally . 
  ireland is also guilty , they 've just had too small of an islamic community until very recently for anyone to notice . 
   islam is a peace-loving religion . 
  christianity may have been used as a justification to fight wars , but islam actually was forged in war . 
  jesus = middle eastern hippie preaching peace and love . 
  mohammed = middle eastern warlord , murderer and raper of children . 
   intensity will definetely go down . 
  ` ending ' is a matter of decades , i think . 
  why do you think this will end at all ? 
  europe 's islamic population is not decreasing , quite the opposite in fact . 
  more islam = more islamic terror . 
  i do n't feel too safe in munich anymore . 
  i mean i appreciate that the police are doing their best , but when i see cops with sub-machine guns patrolling train stations and tourist areas it always makes me sad , remembering how it used to be just 10 years ago . 
  we are importing the middle east and africa , so it should be no surprise that we are no beginning to resemble the middle east and africa more . 
  of course not , goes against the narrative . 
  because i made the joke that a blonde polish child was not `` diverse enough '' the week following a decision by the eu to attempt to forcibly coerce poland into opening the door for migrants or dubious intentions . 
  seemed quite relevant . 
  no idea what you 're getting at with the earth 's core lad , maybe you need to have a lie down or something . 
  hardly unrelated , the eu is currently sanctioning poland for refusing to accept migrant quotas , aka forced `` diversity '',
