  erika steinbach , a member of the cdu since 1974 has resigned from the party and explained herself in an interview with the `` welt am sonntag '' . 
  `` would i vote cdu now ? 
  would i even join the cdu now ? 
  therefore the only sensible action i can take now is to leave the cdu . '', 
   the former president of the federation of expellees has claimed though , that she wishes to fulfill her mandate as an elected member of the bundestag , she explains `` a significant portion of the citizens who elected me to represent them are deeply opposed to the migration politics which were thrust upon them practically overnight . 
  i will continue to represent these voters until the end of my term in the bundestag . '', 
   steinbach , the cdu spokesperson for the cdu parliamentary group on human rights accuses merkel of having broken the law with her opening of the borders in the autumn of 2015 , `` the transport of so many unidentified people by bus and train over across our borders which went on for months , was no exception ( according the law ) but a deliberate violation of both german law and eu-treaties . '', 
   - not refugees in the sense of the un convention -  steinbach also implies that the german government deliberately carried out a policy of enabling illegal migration , `` the federal office for migration has identified thousands of passports as counterfeit , they have refrained however , from punishing those caught in any way . 
  ignoring our laws in this way were n't the actions of a federal authority acting of it 's own accord . 
  that is a sign of a political will behind this , a will to ignore the law . '', 
   steinbach maintains that the laws relating to asylum have been abused , according to her , `` a significant number of those who have arrived , are n't refugees at all in the sense of the geneva convention on refugees . '', 
   the consequences for germany are dire , warns steinbach , `` in this wave of migrants , we have received not only those in search of protection , but also terrorists , just like many tried to warn us would happen when this began . 
  the security situation in germany has become significantly worse since our borders were opened . '', 
   - kauder , the chancellor 's enforcer -  the chancellor , she claims , also acted with no regard to the law in her handling of both the energy transition ( switching from nuclear power ) and euro crisis without allowing herself to be constrained by the parliament , `` it 's quite unsettling '' she maintains , `` that in these areas , there is effectively no opposition in the bundestag . 
  the government was only able to carry out these sorts of politics , because the left are completely onside . '', 
   according to steinbach , some mps from the cdu/csu have expressed dissatisfaction with what 's going on , she elaborates , `` in our party meetings , we 've had very controversial debates , ultimately though volker kauder ( the chief whip ) sees himself as merkel 's enforcer . '', 
   steinbach , the former president of the federation of expellees has been elected as an mp from frankfurt to the bundestag 7 times , she is also a member of the state association for hessen , which was previously regarded as conservative within the cdu . 
   nowadays , the cdu governs in hessen alongside the greens and steinbach accuses the cdu of having deliberately changed their programme , `` the conservative element of the party is being gradually and deliberately marginalized , i would go so far as to say stigmatized . '', 
   when it comes to social policy , she accuses the cdu of having embraced the leftwing zeitgeist and giving up that which made them unique . 
  she says this is the reason that a new party has emerged , `` the afd are addressing issues which have been completely ignored for the last few years , they are n't that far from what the cdu used to be ! '', 
   steinbach however , does n't see herself going over to afd for the moment , `` but i hope , that the afd make it into the bundestag . 
  if they do we will finally have an opposition again . 
  only by doing so can we maintain a healthy democracy . '', 
  the ( poor ) translation is mine , please forgive any formatting errors as it 's my first time dealing with such a large amount of text on reddit . 
  she was the daughter of dr. clemens ladenburger , who is an assistant to the director of the european commission 's legal wing . 
  maria ladenburger ?!, 
  oh goodness no , she was murder-raped . 
  nothing fake about it . 
  we certainly did . 
  alot of that had to do with ditching some very silly ideas about idyllic agricultural life that devalera and co had after independence and luring a lot of multinationals here through dodgy tax dealings coupled with an english speaking , well educated work force . 
  while we did receive aid in the form of structural funds from the eu it was far less than the cost of the bailout , there were also many other factors at play leading to the celtic tiger . 
  thanks for that , much appreciated . 
  do you have any sources for those figures etc , i 'm quite curious about the where the money is going . 
  i still think it should have been spent on infrastructure , healthcare , education , literally anything else , but it 's good to know that we 're at least not overspending . 
  depending on how the next few years pan out france and netherlands are possible , but unlikely . 
  greece is always a contender too . 
  you could work `` internationally '' teaching english in a hagwon in korea . 
  not exactly the hallmark of distinction it used to be :p, 
  i 'm sorry , have we met ? 
  that is highly debatable . 
  ireland is in pretty dire straits to be honest . 
  did n't we pay about 65 billion euros to bail out our banks in large part to save european bond holders ? 
  feels like we 're a zombie nation at times paying such new taxes as the troika sees fit to levy on us . 
  question for someone more knowledgeable than me . 
  is this before or after the money being paid out to deal with the migrant crisis . 
  i saw figures stating that it would cost 90 billion over 4 years . 
  has that been factored in here yet ? 
   publicly promoting totalitarian system of governing . 
  so everyone in the communist party is in jail ? 
  will nigeria be able to feed itself without outside assistance might be a better question . 
  i stated originally that i think you and others like you simply use the word `` populist '' against politicians you do n't like . 
  it 's a complete non-word , simply an attempt by you to discredit them . 
  you then wheeled out some made up definition about `` war-like rhetoric '' etc and i simply pointed you back to my assertion that a. 
  you are using a made up definition . 
  you only use it against politicians you dislike . 
  i brought both clinton and macron out as examples of politicians who attempted to appeal to ordinary people and yet were never labeled as populists ( clinton having laughably attempted to portray herself as working against the `` elites '' in wall street ) . 
  are you seriously trying to imply that left-wing papers are n't biased about immigration/islam ? 
  you can not be serious . 
  not sure what relevance this has to the discussion ? 
  so you 're just assigning it the definition you would like it to have ? 
   noun 1 . a member or adherent of a political party seeking to represent the interests of ordinary people . 
  adjective 1 . relating to or characteristic of a populist or populists . 
  that 's the definition i see , nothing about right-wing or left-wing there , nothing about war-like , inflammatory rhetoric . 
  again i submit to you that you 're simply using it as a word to describe politicians you do n't like as a means of discrediting them without bothering to look at what they are actually saying . 
  this word `` populist '' is such a joke . 
  it 's a term that some people simply use for things they do n't like . 
  look at macron . 
  he formed his own movement , very charismatic , a one man show essentially , and yet no-one describes him as a populist . 
  if remain had won , would anyone have called it a populist movement ? 
  if clinton had won ? 
  i wish they would give us referendums in all of our countries , whether we are in favour of a more centralized eu . 
  i think they fear the answers though . 
  do n't get me wrong i like the concept of the eu as a trading block , and shared research , eased movement etc. 
  but i do n't want to live in the united states of europe . 
  no , i think what is meant here is that die linke want uncontrolled migration . 
  aka no borders . 
  they think we are partially responsible for the berlin terror attacks and we should open the borders unconditionally . 
  suicidal insanity basically . 
  if you would re-read what i wrote above you would see that i stated v4 can not ( as of yet ) act as an economic counter balance , but it can act as a policy counter balance . 
  so i 'm really not sure what you 're trying to say with your comment . 
  honestly ? 
  because our culture is decaying and seems to be on the decline . 
  when we lost our religion we lost a higher purpose , now all we really have left is materialism and self-gratification . 
  like it or not new religions and groups like isis will move in to fill that void and provide people with the sense of purpose they feel they are lacking . 
  it certainly does n't help that our media and politicians are constantly putting down our native cultures either . 
  she is no longer in germany , she left to go and take part in a genocidal war of conquest , therefore she is entitled to nothing but the appropriate punishment to suit the crimes she committed as defined by law in iraq . 
  part of the social contract is also not to engage in treasonous actions such as joining a genocidal death cult intent on bringing about a worldwide islamic caliphate and responsible for murder and terrorism in your own home country as well as abroad . 
  funny how you forgot to mention that part of the social contract . 
  well if iraq ca n't guarantee those things then she has no right to them does she ? 
  she committed her crimes in iraq and should be tried ( and hopefully executed ) at the hands of the iraqi justice system . 
  so she can get a 2 year suspended sentence ? 
  no thanks . 
  wow . 
  i can feel your butthurt through the computer screen . 
  the answer is more properly : it remains to be seen and yes . 
  it has huge potential to act as a counter balance to france/germany . 
  maybe not economically yet , but if they use their vetos strategically and back each other up they can influence the direction of the eu . 
  case in point their refusal to play ball with migrant quotas . 
  throw it on the pile of `` fantastic ways to kill the union . '', 
  you can put it next to migrant quotas .
