  i 'm being sympathetic to ireland here , there 's no need to dump on me like that . 
  but now that you 've brought it up , i think you might want to look closer to home for the source of your woes . 
  corrupt irish politicians , shady developers and rotten domestic banks were n't caused by the saving patterns of germans . 
  so you 're saying that this diversity is a punishment ? 
  how long until the uk has been absolved of it 's crimes ? 
  is there some sort of time frame here after which the uk can say , `` ok we 've made up for colonialism now '' and can shut their gates ? 
  japan had a large empire too , why can they get away with not allowing all these people in ? 
  but science does show biological differences between different ethic groups , would you say we should n't be allowed to discuss those at all ? 
  why were n't any of these people jailed ? 
  why were n't any of these people jailed ? 
  do n't forget the man who was jailed and later killed for placing bacon on the door handle of a mosque . 
  think about that , a de facto death sentence for placing bacon on a door handle . 
  so what you are saying is that diversity is not the `` strength '' i was led to believe it is ? 
  well colour me surprised . 
  you stated that  and if 9/11 has taught us anything it would be that making policy changes while being in shock in the aftermath of a terror attacks results in stupid decisions like giving away your privacy in the patriot act ( which is pretty much the legal basis for the nsa scandal ) i agreed with you and added that i would be very reticent to give any more power to a state ( germany in this case ) which has shown such blatant disregard for the safety of it 's citizens . 
  i hope that is clearer for you now . 
  sure , it would be idiocy to give over any more power to the same state which has put us in such danger in the first place . 
  hmmmm i wonder if you 'd be singing the same tune if you were run over by a truck at a christmas market ? 
  probably would n't need so much surveillance without the crazy immigration policies ... 
  what ? 
  i 'm saying that apple might just up sticks and leave if the eu clamps down too hard on their taxes . 
  why would ireland be bailing apple out ? 
  s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung is quite good as well i find . 
  i would n't recommend the guardian anymore . 
  they have become very embroiled in identity politics over the last few years to the point where it has hurt their objectivity . 
  it would be an absolutely devastating blow to cork if apple left . 
  as has been contemplated by the european union , of which ireland is a member . 
  please forgive my poor choice of wording . 
  welcome to the victim-hood olympics . 
   even without it we still have one of the lowest corporation tax rates in he world agreed , although if the eu does harmonize corporation tax rates as has been contemplated this could go as well . 
   a highly educated workforce that they would desire quite true , but then again so do certain other regions in europe , bavaria for one . 
   an english speaking workforce in the eu . 
  most educated specialists of the kind who would be working for a multinational speak english anyway so this is a moot point . 
  in my company everyone speaks english to essentially native level . 
  a lot of the workforce in the multinationals in ireland are english speaking europeans anyway , so really they could live elsewhere if necessary . 
  i agree with a lot of what you 've said , but look at apple in cork . 
  if it was n't for the tax loophole i doubt they would have bothered to base their headquarters there , and it would be a huge blow if cork lost apple . 
  does n't explain what happened to ireland , norway , sweden and finland ... 
  this could really hurt ireland if multinationals decide to move away . 
  you 're right they are europe 's problem . 
  and by pushing them back to libya europe is making an attempt to solve that problem . 
  libya should be happy to have so many brain surgeons and rocket scientists to pay their pensions !, 
  no , he 's been known as `` red ken '' since the 80s so he could never admit that venezuela was yet another example of socialism/communism going wrong . 
  no man , ngos acting in collusion with people smugglers to bring economic migrants to europe should be illegal . 
  i see what you tried to do though . 
  better luck next time , 
  if that 's not illegal ( and i take your word for it that it is not ) then it needs to be made illegal very soon . 
  this sort of collusion is disgusting . 
  if you do n't think flooding our nations with millions of military aged males from the third world is serious danger then i do n't know what to say to you . 
  war is peace . 
  freedom is slavery . 
  ignorance is strength . 
  first and foremost duty of a government is to protect its citizens . 
  our governments have put us in serious danger and as such have broken the social contract . 
  do you want to break the eu ? 
  because this is how you break the eu . 
   fluff the answer you are looking for is actually nato and nuclear weapons . 
  what level are the boers on on genocide watch again ? 
  was it 5 or 6 ? 
  deterrence . 
  if every potential jihadi twat knew there was a little box in solitary confinement waiting for them or a bullet to the back of the head instead of a free apartment and hartz 4 they would be less prone to this bullshit . 
  of course a self hating , open borders shill may see that differently . 
  actually you 've devalued human life . 
  you seem to think a year or two in therapy is a fair trade for murder . 
  if i can kill with impunity in the name of allah and just say `` lol sorry '' if i 'm caught what value does human life have anymore ? 
  how sad and pathetic we have become , that a schoolgirl can be radicalized in germany with impunity . 
  we ca n't run forever . 
  germany will be shit for our kids and grandkids . 
  it 's very frustrating watching this happening , i just want to go back in a time machine . 
  the worst part is n't even the migrants and jihadis , it 's the brainwashed germans who hate themselves/germany and do their best to ruin this country for everyone . 
   fucking a , wtf is wrong with germans that are just like ` ah ja , they will become just like us but brown . ', 
  70 years of societal brainwashing . 
  school here is just sad . 
  it would n't matter if we do n't have enough children as long as we did n't allow mass migration from the middle east and africa . 
  holy crap , do you have figures for this ? 
  this is terrifying , why have our politicians sold us out like this ... 
  what happens as those continue to expand ? 
  actually , i would be in favour of putting them into special internment facilities where they have no contact whatsoever with the general inmate population and then immediately deporting them following release . 
  i also do n't think asylum seekers should be among the general public either until their claim has been successfully decided , it makes it too easy for people to disappear . 
  that would hurt too many feelings though , so we 'll just keep stumbling on like this . 
   this is not about germany deciding `` to feel good about themselves '' , but touches upon core of the `` rechtsstaat '' principle and what sets a liberal democracy apart from an authoritarian state . 
  i 'm so glad we can at least comfort ourselves with out rechsstaat principle while the enrichment continues . 
  this is the way the world ends this is the way the world ends this is the way the world ends not with a bang but a whimper . 
  we already have enough of a problem with islamic radicals in our prisons , we should n't be sticking more in there . 
  i 'll never understand why we do n't detain people until the asylum case is finished . 
  having all these people roaming free is total madness , particularly once they 've been given their marching orders . 
  yes i have read what he has written thank you . 
  please go back and read what i have written . 
   by doing what ? 
  declaring war on them ? 
  as an absolute last resort , yes . 
  we ca n't be the only ones obeying international law in this regard if everyone else is ignoring it to our detriment . 
  what do you propose we do if countries refuse to take back their citizens ? 
  simply bury our heads in the sand as more and more come ? 
  i 'm not advocating for this , i agree with your idea of attempting to invest in the origin countries and think that would be the more humane solution , but the ability and willingness to defend ourselves with violence if all other options fail must remain . 
   in the end , this will be much cheaper than building up the military required for the `` fortress europe '' nonsense . 
  if it came to it we could just order our navies to fire on the boats , this would be much cheaper than investment in the long run ( i am not advocating this in any way ), 
  absolutely , the industrial revolution caused a huge boom in our populations , this is merely correcting now . 
  there were 10 million people in britain in 1801 . 
  there are over 60 million now .
