  they can look at europe now and see what might have been if they had n't made that decision . 
  i absolutely understand . 
  but my main concern would be that they do their job rather than just carry on with what seems to be the status quo of just taxiing migrants to europe . 
  `` if you are n't a liberal when you 're young , you have no heart , but if you are n't a middle-aged conservative , you have no head . '', 
  i thought they were put up by the same people who put up those extreme left `` the government fears the socialist left '' posters . 
  as long as it was clear that the border agency was actually tasked with regulating migration and not serving like a taxi service , as is the case now . 
  you can put that on the headstones of those who died and those who will continue to die . 
  even if the status quo includes attacks like the bataclan and nice ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/6418456/labour-wanted-mass-immigration-to-make-uk-more-multicultural-says-former-adviser.html they might have been on to something, 
  taxi service in full swing . 
  it would most likely be english , let 's not kid ourselves . 
  most people already speak english as a second language . 
  2 euros a meter for barbed wire fencing . 
   how can you say something is n't funny when the audience laughs https://youtu.be/67qtbe9idg4, 
  he 's probably just drunk again . 
  maria ladenburger might disagree ... 
  better than having millions of unvetted military aged males move to our countries . 
  they will stay in their own countries or in un refugee camps which we will help to fund if they are genuine refugees ( hint : many are not ) . 
  maybe the irish should have just let the contagion spread and leave the german and french bond holders out in the cold rather than take on a staggering loan for a country of 4.5 million people . 
  keep talking like that and you 'll be looking at an irexit next . 
  you should go outside more . 
  but should n't the ongoing terror be part of the debate ? 
  how does ignoring the problem help us ? 
  already happening . 
  all the tourists who would have otherwise gone to north africa or turkey in the past will go to spain , portugal , and greece instead now . 
  well to be fair , britain joined a trading block , not some sort of aspiring super state, 
  or , you shared an apartment , and one of the housemates invited a bunch of shady guys over and now those shady guys wo n't leave and keep touching up all the girls in the apartment . 
  one of the housemates saw this and decided to move house and now an argument about deposit has started and people are calling each other names . 
  or maybe they genuinely do feel that the eu is acting in a hostile manner , a lot of posters in this sub certainly are . 
  looks like both parties are somewhere between stages 1 and 2 now . 
  seeing a lot of vitriol in this sub towards brits . 
  tony blair should keep his mouth shut . 
  one could argue that it was his foolish mass immigration policies started to `` rub the node of the right in diversity '' and bring new labour voters into the country which caused the reaction which lead to brexit . 
  one can be anti a certain type of immigration or in favour of more stringent controls on immigration without being anti all kinds of immigration . 
  it 's a sliding scale and not binary . 
  denial 2 . 
  anger 3 . 
  bargaining 4 . 
  depression 5 . 
  acceptance commonly known as the 5 stages of grief . 
  i would say we 're somewhere between 1 and 2 now . 
  my taxes should be used for the betterment of germany and german people , not to support welfare tourists who have traveled through 6 or 7 safe countries to get here . 
  what 's made up about what i said ? 
  was cologne made up ? 
  was maria ladenburger made up ? 
  the only one living in a fantasy world is yourself if you think everything is peachy . 
   it did n't actually damage anything tell that to the people who have been raped , robbed or killed . 
  or the taxpayer watching billions of their euros be pissed away . 
  well she made a good attempt with the migrant crisis , really shook things up !, 
  so gender quotas etc would also be against the eu values ? 
   defeats for wilders and le pen could you give me this friday 's lotto numbers , i mean you clearly have a time machine ... 
  that 's a fine line nicole . 
  how can one discuss islamic terror when one ca n't mention islam in a negative context without fear of the ban hammer ? 
  how can one discuss immigration on a large scale without dealing with problematic groups of people ? 
  the truth is this sub has it 's own biases just like the donald and bans are used to push discussions in a certain direction and to discourage certain viewpoints . 
  how is it not the same ? 
  no need to look to the donald , i have seen people banned in this sub for posting unpopular opinions . 
  also check out the number of deleted posts and banned users in any thread about one of our numerous islamic terror attacks . 
  oddly enough le pen is trying to stop immigration from countries with significant hiv infection rates . 
  if anything she 's the candidate who would do the most for reducing the number of new hiv infections in france . 
  but of course let the circle jerk proceed . 
  paris has such high levels of mena and african immigrants that them voting for le pen would be like turkeys voting for christmas . 
  i bet the voting statistics by ethnicity would be very interesting in paris , but there 's no way to see that information . 
  what about the right of the child to not be killed ? 
   the people want a political outsider tfw macron worked for the rothschilds and goldman sachs ... 
  in what way is she insane ? 
  most mena immigrants are based in large cities . 
  why would they vote for someone who wants to limit immigration from those regions ? 
  conversely native french are more likely to vote to limit mass migration for their own benefit . 
  he 's a manipulative leech who profits from the misery of others . 
  his handiwork includes breaking the bank of england in the 90s . 
  anyone who is pro open borders mass migration is pro shariah law . 
  just read the news lad . 
  notice a lack of islamic terror attacks in countries like japan and poland ? 
  that 's not a coincidence . 
   lol , i let professionals handle this and a fine job they 've done too ... 
  less anti lgbt than shariah . 
  no , only those countries with sizeable islamist populations . 
  would n't that be lovely . 
  i think the development of nuclear weapons and the setting up of nato had far more to do with averting wars in europe than the eu . 
  no idea where this fear-mongering about inevitable war if the eu ends is coming from . 
  this is complete and total nonsense . 
   nationalists are dumb fucks who can not govern and run countries into the ground every single time . 
  bias on your behalf , japan and south korea are nationalist and are doing fine . 
  so was every country until very recently . 
   nationalists promote hate and fear as opposed to the love and peace of open borders and multiculturalism which has actually led to people being killed on the streets of europe ? 
  besides it seems to me that the globalists are promoting hate and fear . 
  look at the fear campaign used by the remain side in the run up to the brexit referendum , or the hate for native european culture so evident in far left circles . 
   nationalists overreact and produce more war , more tension , more xenophobia , so islamists can point their finger at us and say `` see , they hate us , that 's why you must fight them '' . 
  so we should just let the islamists keep slaughtering us without reacting at all except to increase the level at which we are importing islamists ? 
  do you also subscribe to the justin trudeau `` if we kill our enemies they win '' line of thinking ? 
  absolutely agree with you . 
  no idea why i 'm being down-voted for telling the truth . 
  true , but as i posted above difference in salaries is massive  i 'm not so sure . 
  i make about 60-70 % ( being generous ) of what i could in the us for a comparable job . 
  i pay 45 % tax and social contributions ( single man ) , on top of this 19 % vat and numerous other hidden taxes like the television licence etc. 
  i would have much more money in the us . 
  new york compared to anywhere is ridiculously expensive . 
  but my cost of living in bavaria is extremely high compared to most parts of the us and my salary is not comparably high . 
  i 'm not so sure .
