  well it did , it just did n't happen in the west . 
  islam has always spread through jihad and violence look at lebanon or india . 
  fair play to you for being open minded enough to rethink your position instead of doubling down like so many people do . 
  `` terror attacks are part and parcel of living in a big city '' except they 're not . 
  do n't see too many terror attacks in warsaw or krakow ... 
  all that investing in east poland finally paying off !, 
  nothing . 
  it seems we 're doing our best to speed it along . 
  roflcopter, 
  the same partisan closed mindedness is readily apparent in europe now with it 's anti trumpism . 
  it 's embarrassing watching our politicians act like children . 
  let me edit this , it 's embarrassing to watch politicians on all sides act like children . 
  trump may be a big orange faced man child , but the president of france offering `` refuge '' to climate scientists is just a cheap stunt to curry favour with the twitter crowd . 
  as i said , embarrassing . 
  let the downvoting resume . 
  you can be an immigrant yourself and oppose certain types of immigration . 
  it 's not binary . 
  yes they are far more criminal and over represented in violent crimes vis a vis their proportion of the population, 
  do n't forget the poor guy who died in a uk prison for putting some bacon on the door handle of a mosque ... 
  i thought trump had `` tiny '' hands , they look bigger than macron 's ... 
   accept it or you know , enforce borders and do n't allow mass immigration from incompatible cultures in the first place . 
  this is unfortunately the norm now for the foreseeable future . 
  europe has let the fox into the hen house and we are now seeing the consequences of this . 
  not trolling or at all , as for willful ignorance , that might be yourself . 
  labour did away with the primary purpose rule in 1997 which eased restrictions on those married to british nationals from moving to the uk . 
  if you 'll read the article i linked as well you 'll also see that it primarily addresses ** non-european ** migration . 
  european migration is entirely different and labour could not have done anything to curtail that , barring introducing temporary restrictions on the new member states as germany did . 
  also you may be misinformed about a great many things , but you are indeed correct that polish builders are not responsible for global terrorism . 
   but my sense from several discussions was there was also a subsidiary political purpose to it - boosting diversity and undermining the right 's opposition to multiculturalism . '', 
  so as stated above , labour set about to open up the uk to mass immigration without one single iota of a damn given about the future consequences . 
  the uk is now experiencing those consequences . 
  or borders . 
   there are already insanely restrictive immigration controls from outside europe . 
  ( these terrorists are not poles picking strawberries . ), 
  really ? 
  how did ca . 
  8 million non-europeans end up there then ? 
   shocking the thing is it 's not though . 
  like i do n't know about you , but at this point none of this shocks me any more , it 's completely expected . 
  utterly disgusting and reprehensible , but not shocking . 
  it might be from 8 years ago , but it most certainly is not unrelated . 
  you would not have these levels of islamic terror without the mass immigration of people from islamic countries which labour have been instrumental in pushing for . 
  we are only now starting to see the consequences of their previous policy decisions . 
  they have a lot to answer for . 
   yeah , they have different problems though : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tokyo_subway_sarin_attack yup , a single attack by a domestic cult leader from 22 years ago which killed 12 people is completely comparable to the constant islamic terror attacks in europe / s get out of here with that nonsense . 
  back to the country of origin of their parents/grandparents . 
  i really do n't care anymore if they have a piece of paper that says uk or german or whatever on it , they clearly do not want to be british , why should we be forced to live with the consequences of a mistake made by previous governments . 
  i agree , i think it would be better phrased as , `` nobody is doing anything about the root cause of this '' at the end of the day anti-terror operations are just trying to fight a house fire with a water pistol . 
  unless you live in tokyo , for some reason they do n't have a problem with islamic terror , no idea why though ... 
  severely curtail immigration from the middle east . 
  start deporting anyone involved in islamic terror in any way . 
   i 'm extremely sensitive to this jihad horribleness  i 'm voting labour because their project seems to help me and my family and the elderly and poor . 
  to me , i like their vision of society . 
  labour are responsible for the jihadi horribleness . 
  that is their vision of society . 
  they can start deportations . 
  man , we 're still paying a `` solidarity tax '' 30 years after unification . 
  once a new tax is brought in it rarely goes away . 
  best to fight them before they come in . 
   then use the money to lower the vat the trouble is we both know this will never happen . 
  actually that 's not what 's meant at all . 
  it 's a bit confusing but it says `` third phase of pogroms '' and the `` first mass deportations into polish camps from 1938-1941 '' , so it could be that the `` third phase of pogroms '' was from 1938-1939 and the `` first mass deportations into polish camps '' was from 1940-1941 . 
  it does n't say anything about jews being sent to camps in poland in 1938 . 
  really broke my heart when they started slipping that crap into vikings . 
  the main argument against it is that it 's already paid for through general taxation . 
  irish governments in the 80s earmarked a percentage of a vat increase and vrt/motor tax to pay for water . 
  if the money irish people are already paying has been grossly misused and infrastructure allowed to crumble , why should they pay twice ? 
  if you think millions of migrants from the middle east will be paying the pensions of some wrinkly old kuffar you have another thing coming lad . 
  you know , once upon a time the uk and france only had a `` few thousand '' africans and muslims . 
   i do n't think it 's any different for the average migrant from asia . 
  they come to work , not `` suck on the governments titty '' you forgot the / s, 
  honestly , i think that the flow should be stemmed before anyone is redistributed . 
  no more taxi service in the mediterranean run by ngos and member state navies . 
  those who are here and are genuine refugees should be allowed to stay until the war in syria is over and they should be redistributed , once the war is over they should , in 99 % of cases , leave . 
  those who are not genuine should be deported immediately . 
  no more pussy footing around . 
   ... and that 's is a completely unacceptable stance in a union that shares open inner borders . 
  if people entered the eu , they 're a collective problem that needs to be handled collectively . 
  no what was completely unacceptable was allowing millions of unvetted military aged males from terror hotbeds into this * union * that shares * open inner borders * . 
  you might become a politician too , you managed to just ignore everything in my post and blow a load of hot air . 
  in fact if you continue to ignore reality at that rate you might even become the leader of the green party in germany . 
  well estonia only took 142 `` vetted '' refugees and two have already immolated their wives ... 
  anyway , a figure of 200 is nonsense , we all know it will grow exponentially , this is the type of thing that needs to be nipped in the bud now , while poland is able , before poland has entrenched parallel societies of people who hate their host country , like france , belgium or the uk . 
  then why do n't we stop taxiing migrants into italy for a start ? 
  why are ngo boats colluding with people smugglers and picking sub-saharan africans up a couple of kilometers off the shore of libya and bringing them here ? 
  stop the leak before you worry about relocating the water !, 
  lack of trucks of peace or need for merkel legos im guessing . 
   referendums what like in ireland where they voted no and then were told to vote again and do it properly this time ? 
  put it to the people or piss off . 
  every time the eu has bothered to ask if the people wanted this they 've been given a resounding no . 
  stop shifting the goalposts and demanding everyone locks step and follows . 
  what about those of us who joined before any of that was apparent ? 
  why are we all being forced to go down this road , i 'm sure most people were perfectly happy when it was just a trading block . 
  euros did cause prices to rise overnight in ireland . 
  shops took it as an opportunity to increase the prices of everything they could . 
  i think we were more willing to reach difficult decisions in the 90s . 
  now we are too afraid of people calling us racists or heartless and we are paralyzed with indecision . 
   a majority of them have very little chance of getting asylum they also have very little chance of getting deported in the present system ... 
  wow , this man needs to be more well known . 
  i also remember how certain segments of the population railed against this , but well done to the australian government for following through and doing the sensible thing .
