  ali sonboly , a shiite iranian born to iranian parents in munich and carrying dual german - iranian citizenship , was bullied by turkish sunni muslims and then perpetrated a revenge attack to kill as many turks as possible . 
  those are the fruits of multiculturalism . 
  you can call him david s. ( he changed his name 2 months before the attacks ) all you like to try to link him to the german `` far right '' and confuse the issue , but that 's just nonsense . 
  * in the category politically motivated crimes , from an unknown period of time according to the source you posted . 
  completely different to what you are attempting to claim it to be . 
  the attack in munich ? 
  where an iranian boy shot some turkish kids ? 
  are you trying to paint that as far right now ? 
   as you can see , it 's pretty simple , the far-right ( `` rechts '' ) is far more criminal than all foreigners ( `` ausl\u00e4nder '' ) combined . 
  i 'm not sure if you can read german or not , but that 's not what it says . 
  that 's for `` politically motivated crime '' which to be quite frank is utter nonsense . 
  who decides what is politically motivated ? 
  anyway this does n't even have any indication as to the dates this sample was collected from , nor does it even scratch the surface of crime committed by foreigners , which as i pointed out in another thread now accounts for 48 % of all crimes in munich . 
  the police in munich have come to a different conclusion . 
  8.6 % of all reported crime in munich is now committed by asylum seekers . 
  that 's a fairly significant effect i would say . 
  that goes back to my original comment . 
  i understand that the `` refugees '' / economic migrants have been divided according to the k\u00f6nigsteiner schl\u00fcssel , my concern is what comes next and i strongly believe schulz & co. will not press forward with deportations , even for flagrant economic migrants . 
  as iwanttolink pointed out , the left has too many `` kein mensch ist illegal111 ! '', 
  types to trust that they will press on with the kind of hard measures that are needed now . 
  not a particularly provocative comment in my opinion . 
  i have made up my mind that a schulz led red/red/green coalition would probably be a disaster for the migration crisis right now . 
  it 's a shame too because i really like some of his other positions , i just feel most strongly about the migration situation and think it has a serious potential to do untold damage to this country . 
  so the status quo with regards to illegal migration into europe then ? 
  rip europe . 
  this is absolutely terrifying . 
  if schulz comes in with an spd , linke , greens coalition god help germany . 
  we can forget about any kinds of deportations or a sensible immigration policy at all . 
  i see where you 're coming from and i get what you 're saying , but i would argue she does . 
  firstly she has a responsibility to be ultra careful with what she says as the leader of a nation and secondly as soon as it became apparent that what she said had been misinterpreted she should have immediately taken action to clarify the situation . 
  maybe something like australia did with the `` you will not make australia your home advertisements in middle eastern media . 
  for me as a german ( half to be honest , so maybe i only get half a say :p ) merkel absolutely did contribute when she said `` das grundrecht auf asyl kennt keine obergrenzen . '', 
  while that is absolutely true according to german law , saying it in the context of what was happening at the time was a crucial mistake . 
  the message spread like wildfire through arabic social media that germany was open to anyone who wanted to go . 
  it was also a mistake not trying to contain the refugees to a particular area , say greece and processing them there , especially when it became apparent just how few of these people were actually syrians . 
  now we have a situation where we 're not even sure exactly how many people came and where they are a big mistake is also being made right now not deporting all non syrians who have weaseled their way in . 
  well to be fair the actions of merkel and co. from the summer of 2015 were the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  i am certain that without the mishandling of the migrant crisis the uk would never have voted to leave . 
  sometimes a structure is so rotten it must simply be torn down and rebuilt . 
  only a matter of time until something slips through the cracks , like berlin . 
  good point . 
  i think that 's a different kettle of fish to mass 3rd world immigration though . 
  yet not on those who pushed for and defended the current failed migration policies ? 
   to all the alt-right posters on / r/europe who daily come into threads to spread propaganda ( `` merkel invited them '' , `` sweden rapes are spiralling out of control '' , etc. 
  ) , think on your actions . 
  consider that maybe you contributed to this man 's madness . 
  the murders are on partially your hands . 
  would you also say that the murders of people like maria ladenburger , the rapes and sexual assaults in germany and the terror attacks across europe are partially on your hands ? 
  i agree with a lot of what you 've said , but i would say islamic terrorism is becoming a large concern . 
  we 've been lucky that a number of attacks have been foiled or have been failures , but our luck will run out eventually . 
  berlin was bad , but had the potential to be much worse . 
  ansbach could have been a bloodbath and the sexual attacks in my opinion constitute a slow burn form of terrorism . 
  also i 'm not entirely convinced that the current migration we are seeing will be of any economic benefit , it 's already costing us 20 billion a year and looking at 2nd or 3rd generation turkish immigrants here or north africans in france , can we really say things will get better in a few generations ? 
  i am extremely worried about what would happen to this country with regards to immigration under an spd/green/linke coalition . 
  not really . 
  immigration is the key issue at the moment . 
  the migrant wave of 2015 is the straw that broke the camel 's back and resulted in brexit . 
  immigration is fueling the right across the continent . 
  demographics is destiny and a lot of people in germany and across europe are getting very worried about where our demographics will take us . 
  that is some scientology level cult-like thinking there man . 
  you are saying no one can leave the eu without it being a `` betrayal '' ? 
  not really . 
  the eu has already laid out its game plan . 
  no amount of cosying up to the eu would help the uk at this point . 
  all that is left now is realpolitik . 
  the uk will have to make the best trade deals it can with non eu countries . 
  trump 's presidency has presented an excellent opportunity to get a favourable deal with the world 's largest economic power . 
  it wo n't weaken their position in the slightest . 
  key eu figures have already stated that the aim is to punish the uk ( to set an example to anyone else wanting to leave ) . 
  the uk `` cosying up '' to the us as you put it , will only strengthen the uk 's position . 
  if they can get a favourable trade deal with the us that will go a long way to offsetting whatever damage the eu will set out to inflict . 
  well the eu is out to punish the uk during those negotiations , so it is now in the uk 's interests to seek out as many other trade agreements as possible to strengthen their negotiating position vis a vis the eu . 
  another 5 years of mass migration to europe and a few more bataclans and nices probably . 
  this would be the worst imaginable move for the uk to make right now . 
  the uk will be relying on a trade agreement with the us to ease the transition out of the eu . 
  the last thing they will want to do is antagonize the new president . 
  i do n't think urine has much bacteria in it at all . 
  but i could be wrong . 
  walkable from kinsale town if you 're ever there . 
  lovely to visit on a summer 's day , 
   which a terrorist will easily circumvent ? 
  how will a terrorist circumvent a border ? 
  japan manages fine . 
  so does china , so does israel . 
  you 're basically saying here that some might slip through the gaps so why bother at all . 
  why have a front door ? 
  someone might pick the lock . 
  might as well just not bother . 
   are n't we talking about people who are without papers ? 
  then they 're locked up till they remember where they are from or we can determine through interviews to an acceptable degree where they are from , no more messing around and playing this silly africans pretending to be syrians game . 
  we deport them back to country of origin . 
  to prevent them coming back we institute border checks just like every country seemed capable of doing 30 years ago and just like japan/south korea are capable of doing today . 
  we compliment this with a fingerprint/retina scan of everyone we deport . 
  if they return , they will be deported immediately . 
  we contain and then deport . 
  there is no opportunity for them to bring their `` extremism '' onto our streets . 
  `` the military aged males of a specific religious group '' already seem fairly aggravated and predisposed to extremism . 
  better to contain the extremism before we deport them than to let it roam free on our streets . 
  if spd/greens/die linke win it will be untergang part two electric boogaloo . 
  full family relocations .
