  poor ireland ... do n't people like guinness ? 
  a child could have predicted the berlin attacks . 
  my japanese colleagues declined to visit the nuremberg christkindlsmarkt last christmas and i do n't blame them . 
  free money . 
  luckily the jews have a homeland to escape to . 
  the french do not have that luxury . 
  embarrassingly ham fisted propaganda . 
  www.newsweek.com/marseille-synagogue-be-converted-mosque-jews-leave-452938%3famp%3d1  a teenager claiming to be acting on behalf of the islamic state militant group ( isis ) attacked a jewish teacher , benjamin amsellem , with a machete and a knife while he was traveling to his religious education workplace in marseille . 
  the attack caused division within the jewish community as well . 
  following the attack , prominent jewish community leader in marseille , zvi ammar , called on jewish men to stop wearing their kippahs and `` being identified as jewish '' in order to prevent further attacks and deaths in the city because of the rising anti-semitism . 
  there were two other stabbings of jews by muslim or arab assailants between october 2015 and january . 
  i do n't think the jews are running away from the far right buddy . 
  son of immigrants and radicalized in prison to believe in a foreign ideology . 
   seriously one fucktard did something terrible.he was alone , the attack was surprising , one person is dead and some people are looking at it like the whole fucking nation is under imminent threat . 
  i agree with some of what you 're saying . 
  but really it 's not just one fucktard is it . 
  there 's a definite feeling of deja-vu with these attacks and now we are having the standard , light up some buildings in the nation 's colours , #notallmuslims , you 're more likely to die in a car accident etc etc circle jerk . 
  it might be impossible to stop all of the attacks , but it certainly would n't be impossible to stop a lot of them . 
  hell if one had had lower migration from the middle east we would n't be having these attacks in the first place , so a sensible precaution now is to lower migration to lessen future attacks . 
  you 'll notice i said illegal guns . 
  those stats you provided have no way of accounting for the numbers of illegal weapons in the country . 
  buddy the uk is awash in illegal firearms if you want one . 
  do n't for a moment pretend that strict gun laws keep guns out of the hands of criminals/terrorists . 
  look at the bataclan . 
  well , i do apologize . 
  i had seen numerous sources naming him as the attacker . 
  yup , that 's the guy . 
  why declare a conventional war if demographics are on your side ? 
  it would make no sense for an islamist controlled country to attack us directly , because we would just obliterate them . 
  this type of asymmetric warfare though takes full advantage of our weaknesses and allows them to fight the war on their terms . 
  never even heard of r/conspiracy to be honest , but if insulting me makes you feel better about yourself then knock yourself out , 
  why then are there millions of people flooding our countries ? 
  why are documents like this in circulation ? 
  http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/migration/migration.htm if the goal was n't to replace the native population , it would be very easy to stem the flow of inward migration , ergo it stands to reason that that must be the goal . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's probably less to do with `` lacking a spine '' and more to do with actually believing that replacing native populations is a good idea . 
  we are all just `` economic units '' after all , what difference between a tax paying , law abiding native citizen and a salafist on government subsidies with 10 kids as long as the population spreadsheet shows growth . 
  they 're not at all dangerous , they 're basically the cdu from the 90s . 
  the guy above is trying to conflate them with the npd and the national socialist underground . 
  fair enough , i took party in that context to mean political party , which the ira was not . 
  although it was arguably an instrument of sinn fein . 
  not really . 
  the brits wanted to limit european immigration into the uk , that 's true . 
  but they also watched with horror the situation on the continent and at calais and you can be sure it influenced the vote . 
  as for the turkey deal , i believe the actions of macedonia and hungary did more to stem the flow than any agreement with turkey . 
  anyways we 'll see that turkish deal fall apart soon , i hope there 's a plan b in place somewhere or we 're in serious trouble . 
  the ira was n't a political party . 
  it was an extreme left wing ( marxist ) terrorist organisation committed to achieving a 32 county socialist republic on the island of ireland through violent means . 
  fair enough , i was just shocked by the result to be honest and then noticed that the catholic community boycotted it . 
  ignoring the average british persons reservations about migration arguably led to brexit . 
  i have no doubt that if the migrant crisis had been handled more effectively britain would have voted to remain . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is , you ignore your population at your own risk . 
  looks like only 1 % of the catholic population voted in that poll otherwise i 'd expect it to have been a more close run thing . 
  so why is it that 10 % of europeans are resistant to hiv ? 
  so are there genetic differences between europeans and non-europeans ? 
  it would seem so . 
  therefore one can clearly see that race is a damn sight more than a social construct . 
  so a social construct has made 10 % of `` europeans '' ( does this include the `` new europeans '' ? ), 
  resistant to hiv ? 
  seems strange . 
  someone needs to shut this research down , it seems racist . 
  what 's a european ? 
  i thought race was a social construct ? 
  i knew i had seen her make that face somewhere before !, 
  could very easily have been prevented . 
  that 's why we used to have borders . 
  good lord ... how many millions of deaths was the us responsible for in the 20th century ? 
   estimates on the number of deaths brought about by stalin 's rule are hotly debated by scholars in the field of soviet and communist studies . 
  [ 55 ] [ 56 ] the published results vary depending on the time when the estimate was made , on the criteria and methods used for the estimates , and sources available for estimates . 
  some historians attempt to make separate estimates for different periods of the soviet history , with casualties for the stalinist period varying from 8 to 61 million . 
  [ 57 ] [ 58 ] [ 59 ] several scholars , among them stalin biographer simon sebag montefiore , former politburo member alexander nikolaevich yakovlev and the director of yale 's `` annals of communism '' series jonathan brent , put the death toll at about 20 million . 
  [ 60 ] [ 61 ] [ 62 ] [ 63 ] [ 64 ] [ 65 ] [ 66 ] robert conquest , in the latest revision ( 2007 ) of his book the great terror , estimates that while exact numbers will never be certain , the communist leaders of the ussr were responsible for no fewer than 15 million deaths . 
  are you actually being serious or just facetious ? 
  us policy during that period is almost universally criticized , but anyone with one iota of objectivity can see that it was the lesser of two evils . 
  have you factored in the shrinking dutch population ? 
  what constitutes a `` turk '' in your estimation ? 
  have you also included those from other islamic countries ? 
  the ongoing migration crisis ? 
  of course you have n't . 
  it really is the elephant in the room . 
  at this rate how many seats will they have in 10 or 20 years once the baby boomers start dying off and their demographic weight becomes apparent . 
  what on earth is going on in germany . 
  some terrible , and quite frankly terrifying decisions are being forced on us by our politicians . 
  sounds similar to r/europe when it comes to brexit . 
  lack of any kind of enthusiasm really . 
  the definition of low energy . 
  germans know how to cheer when we like something/someone . 
  exactly this right here . 
  you 'd find no shortage of natives to do any job at all if you raise the wages . 
  saying they 're `` unwilling '' just means unwilling at the wage being offered . 
  i wonder who lower wages and higher rents benefit ... 
  sad . 
  if you go check out kyushu , it 's a beautiful place and the food is top notch . 
  fukuoka is easily my favourite city in japan . 
  just beware you have to be an english native speaker to get into jet ( with some rare exceptions ), 
  definitely looks like a mild engaging of the breaks on the schulz train . 
  video shows him telling his supporters to start cheering , and when they hesitate he tells them to start cheering `` martin , martin '' a certain us president with the complection of a cheeto might even categorise this as low energy . 
  stuck on the way to where ? 
  what 's the end goal here ? 
  united states of europe ?
