  me and boris ? 
  i 'm bavarian you clown . 
  the uk was fine before the eu and will be fine afterwards . 
   kk let 's see what happens when you get no more subsidies from the eu the uk was a net contributor to the eu , unlike ireland . 
   well [ sic ] just increase tariffs on you to pay for the italian banks and you and borris can go have a whistling contest cool , and now the uk is out , they can simply trade with someone else if it 's too prohibitively expensive to trade with europe . 
  what would those tariffs do to irish agricultural exports to the uk by the way ? 
   gg uk say hello to greece on your way down lol . 
  just wait to see what will happen to the eurozone once italy 's banks implode . 
  then i suggest we house all incoming migrants in the homes of ecj judges . 
  jesus christ , these people are completely delusional . 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dez3j9ov0aa4l4d.png:large what do they think would happen if even 1/10 of these people showed up ? 
  to be totally honest , this sort of research would never get published even if it were completely accurate . 
  this is one area where science takes a backseat to agenda . 
  i mean look what happened when the man who discovered the structure of dna made some comments about african intelligence http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/fury-at-dna-pioneers-theory-africans-are-less-intelligent-than-westerners-394898.html  the newly formed equality and human rights commission , successor to the commission for racial equality , said it was studying dr watson 's remarks `` in full '' . 
  dr watson told the sunday times that he was `` inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa '' because `` all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours -- whereas all the testing says not really '' . 
  investigated `` fully '' by some orwellian thought police and drummed out of the scientific world , for daring to broach a taboo subject . 
  how can you have `` peer reviewed '' work , when you ca n't even speak about the subject . 
  what government or university would provide funding ? 
   does n't matter how large it is if it ca n't feed those people do n't worry we 'll keep feeding them to enable their populations to become even more unsustainably large , just like bob geldof and co. did with ethiopia in the 80s . 
  i notice one small thing with this graphic . 
  they speak about easing the procedures to get fruit into japan , but realistically i ca n't see us being to export a whole lot of fruit there . 
  they treat fruit like a luxury commodity and only the most flawless pieces of fruit are sold . 
  even the cheapest apple in my local supermarket in japan was about $ 1 each . 
  the only real cheap fruits in japan are bananas and pineapples . 
   eu wanted frontex to be an agency that did this , it was voted against and never properly funded . 
  thank god it did n't get any more funding . 
  frontex is a taxi service for migrants . 
  do not fear , they will be deported . 
  no one is giving them japanese citizenship . 
  and of those 28 two decided to rape a japanese lady in a public toilet . 
  it 's ok , nothing special . 
  to be honest the non-chocolatey sweets are better . 
  matcha kit-kats and azuki bean paste sweets , that sort of stuff . 
  they do quite like it though , it 's just seen as a delicacy because it is so expensive and therefore seldom eaten . 
  the sooner you guys die out and get replaced by third worlders then the better . 
  at least you can serve as a warning to the rest of europe . 
  the news will spread fast and they all have smartphones . 
  you inform approaching vessels that they are not authorized to dock . 
  you have to be willing to back it up with force though , otherwise it 's just playacting . 
  it 's the typical antifa modus operandi by the looks of things . 
  why do you think it 's your call to make to flood our nations with 3rd world migrants , putting our children ' and grandchildren 's safety and security at risk ? 
   ah yes because muslims in a war torn country with on average much lower education saudi arabia is neither war torn , nor does it have low educational standards , nor was syria until recently must be something else at play here . 
   very different cultural standards ah now you have it . 
  please check out gay rights and the vibrant gay scene in syria or iraq and get back to us . 
   i 'd rather take my chances with muslim neighbors . 
  off to raqqa with you then . 
  diversity is a strength !, 
  yet , just wait till they reach a critical mass numbers wise . 
  ireland is in the honeymoon phase right now . 
  oh wow , it 's all so clear now . 
  mass migration and rapes are good !, 
   we 're aiming at perfection , a fine job you were doing then ... 
  he would n't be in power if people did n't feel completely betrayed by the present system . 
  what will germany do with all of these new rocket scientists and gynecologists !, 
  there 's more of us than you think ... unfortunately not enough it seems . 
   can you back that up with anything more than your own opinion ? 
  the current persecution of christians in the middle east would back that up i should think . 
  eu nations are going through the same problem . 
   because if everyone can say `` i 'm not taking them '' , then italy and greece will get flooded for being at the coasts . 
  fix the leak before distributing the water . 
  no one wants to be part of some re-distribution system for a potentially infinite number of frankly incompatible third world migrants . 
  again , attack the argument , not the person . 
  i 'm fairly certain no one mentioned forced mass migration from the middle east and africa as being one of the conditions of eu membership . 
  it sets a very dangerous precedent . 
  poland is right to refuse these re-distributions . 
  why would you move buckets of water around your house without fixing the broken pipe ? 
  sets a bad precedent . 
   based on what i have read europe is under shariah law . 
  well sweden is already considering implementing segregation at their music festivals . 
  baby steps . 
  attack the argument , not the person . 
   but where in asia jobs appeared , they do n't appear in africa . 
  they did n't just `` appear '' in asia . 
  asia industrialized through hard work and perseverance . 
   that was the plan with frontex sorry but a centrally funded migrant taxi service is n't a solution . 
   there 's no big opponent of it anymore , and soon enough it 'll be too late for anyone to exit even if they wanted to . 
  within a few years we 'll have that eu army and that 'll be basically it . 
  that is terrifying . 
  full speed ahead to a glorious tyranny then !, 
  sounds great , might i recommend we outsource border control and immigration to the japanese , our problems would be over very quickly . 
   have we defined hate speach ? 
  of course , it 's anything the left disagree with . 
  you can kiss goodbye to any kind of political debate in germany now . 
  he also funds ngos ferrying illegal migrants into europe, 
  what kind of nonsense is this ? 
  are n't we even allowed to think about deporting illegals anymore ? 
  why even have borders or laws ? 
  do n't forget all the sub-saharan syrian 15 year olds . 
  i do n't think this can be solved politically anymore . 
  it 's too late , there are too many migrants here already and the will to deport them before they have german passports just is n't there . 
  you can forget about our election as well , nobody is feeling the direct effects of all this nonsense yet . 
  cologne et al are in the consciousness , but not enough to endanger your job or social circle by speaking out yet . 
  i guess we 'll just keep sleepwalking towards the inevitable violent clashes in years to come . 
  we ca n't provide a secure and stable future for 6 billion people . 
  if we keep up this madness we wo n't even be able to provide a secure and stable future for ourselves . 
   most human traffickers are n't even on the boats . 
  not true , the ngo boats are manned by human traffickers . 
  back to libya . 
  or if that does n't suit for whatever reason , brought to europe and placed in a holding camp until their asylum claim is processed . 
  no more letting them walk free and disappear into europe .
