  as david says though , if they come home with a hard brexit , that 's the end of whatever government is in power at the time . 
  we 're just too interconnected with the uk to put our future in the hands of vengeful federalists . 
  interesting article examining brexit from an irish perspective and discussing why this might not be compatible with a federalist european perspective . 
  only if the outer borders are properly protected . 
  go and educate yourself about that or be prepared for more brexits . 
  wrong . 
  breaking the rules to get here and then being allowed to stay sets the precedent that this is acceptable behaviour . 
  we should not be encouraging this . 
  borders are extremely useful in differentiating where one nations sovereignty and laws begin and another 's end . 
  without borders anyone could just come to , for example germany , en masse and impose their will . 
  that would not be in the interests of the german people . 
  do you have a front door on your house ? 
  if so why ? 
  you also have to think . 
  the yugoslavians did n't lie about where they were form or their age etc. 
  now we have pakistanis pretending to be syrians , 30 year olds pretending to be 17 , home countries refusing to take back their citizens and to top it all off a bureaucracy afraid to be called racist for dealing harshly with these things . 
  you 'll forgive me if i 'm less than optimistic about our chances of deporting these people effectively . 
  that it did . 
  but i fear it wo n't happen today . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , i honestly do . 
  the federalist dreams of a pack of post 1950s bankers and bureaucrats are not `` european values '', 
  did n't juncker say that borders were the worst thing ever invented ? 
  does n't sound too much like he 's defending european people to me . 
  what do you mean by `` gets funding from them '' ? 
  i thought she took campaign loans from russian banks because french ones would n't lend to her . 
  you 're trying to make it sound like putin is literally cutting her checks . 
  in what way has his presidency been an embarrassment ? 
  in what way has trump negatively impacted freedom of the press or freedom of speech ? 
  please tell me you do n't honestly believe that trump and putin are going to launch a war of conquest and start gassing people . 
  and there it is . 
  germans are flabbergasted that someone like trump could come to power , because they ca n't imagine a nation acting in its own best interests due to the ongoing guilt about world war 2 . 
  what of the man 's right to not have to pay child support for a child that is n't his ? 
  how do you propose finland defend itself from attack if it has no armed forces ? 
  this time they absolutely should start conscripting women as well . 
  we need to make sure it 's completely fair . 
  the low skilled factory and mining work of the 60s and 70s is n't there anymore . 
  automation has removed the need for these large numbers of uneducated people and will soon do away with even more jobs , having even more non-contributors to support is pure folly . 
  also i do n't want to be that guy asking for sources , but where are the figures for 14 million guest workers in the 60s and 70s coming from ? 
  seems a bit high . 
  this is n't another wave of `` guest workers '' though . 
  these people are n't coming to fill in demand jobs at the behest of german industry . 
  they are very poorly educated , and do n't seem interested in contributing . 
  so far they are looking like a net drain and not a positive , even when one ignores the cultural and social aspects . 
  depends on how things are looking with migration and the `` new germans '' really does n't it . 
  we 've always been at war with eastasia . 
  would n't it just be easier to limit immigration , rather than trying to set up a system which would replace merit based reward and representation with diversity quotas ? 
  isis have used the migrant route into europe to move soldiers into europe to carry out terrorist attacks . 
  that is creating division . 
  afd want to strengthen the borders which would have prevented these attacks in the first place . 
  no attacks = less division . 
  but never mind any of that , afd are the bad guys !, 
  funny how they are trying to paint afd as being useful idiots for isis , when in reality it 's the spd , cdu , greens , left et al who have given them easy entry into europe and played right into their hands . 
  they also have a severe housing crisis right now , so it might not be the best place to move to unless you like paying exorbitant rents or being homeless ... 
  nope , my intent was honestly to show people that the swedish government are deliberately downplaying migrant crimes and also to draw attention to the fact that mass third world migration into europe ( in this case sweden ) , is highly problematic ) . 
  in this case though i was happy that countessmeemee was willing to acknowledge that such downplaying of migrant crime is a form of propaganda and as such thought it was a good place to break off the conversation . 
  is that alright with you ? 
  i agree with that completely . 
  the mainstream media seems to have gone full retard lately , on both sides of the aisle . 
  well , the swedish media and government are attempting to deny that there is a problem . 
  why else would the police be instructed not to mention the ethnicity of criminals ? 
  https://www.svd.se/internt-polisbrev-stoppar-signalement/om/overgreppen-under-we-are-sthlm why do newspapers in sweden use `` white pixelation '' to make perpetrators look swedish ? 
  how far will they go in trying to cover up the crimes of the migrants ? 
  this is propaganda . 
  i 've given you 4 sources now . 
  here have some more , even the fake news sites covered it if you prefer those . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/21/europe/sweden-stockholm-riots/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/02/21/riots-erupt-in-swedens-capital-just-days-after-trump-comments/?utm_term=.0b0b73f6f689, 
  it boggles the mind why the left are trying to import more islamists ... 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/21/swedish-police-investigate-riot-predominantly-immigrant-suburb/ http://www.friatider.se/riots-and-looting-notorios-stockholm-suburb http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/lz524/polis-avlossade-varningsskott-mot-stenkastare-i-rinkeby, 
  the fact that this wikipedia page even exists shows that sweden has some serious issues which will only get worse . 
  was this fake news ? 
  http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/02/21/rioting-erupts-in-immigrant-dominated-swedish-suburb.html why so many grenade attacks ? 
  oh wait ... those people all spoke the same language ( with diverse dialects of course ) and shared very similar culture and history . 
  so not really comparable to some sort of united states of europe or austria hungary or the ussr or whatever . 
  except belgium , but belgium is an accident of history and it shows . 
  strangely enough history would disagree with you . 
  supranational countries have a nasty tendency to break up and revert to their constituent parts , see the soviet union or yugoslavia . 
  well then the euro should never have been adopted , it was a mistake . 
  and jumping headfirst into an unwanted federation rather than admitting that mistake will be an even worse error . 
   well the euro 's entire downside is that it 's not integrated enough . 
  that entire came down to national governments not the project itself . 
  well if it was founded prematurely then it kind of is the project 's fault . 
  no idea why you 're getting down voted , you make some very legitimate points . 
  sometimes i think people in r/europe have built the eu up in their minds to such a degree that they ca n't bear to acknowledge it 's faults . 
  it can be cult-like at times . 
  probably also has something to do with the fact that they experience the `` fruits of multiculturalism '' firsthand on a daily basis . 
  the electoral college is not a `` quirk '' of the us system , it is the us system . 
  it 's set up that way to stop california and new york dominating everyone else . 
  the rules of the game were the same for clinton and trump , if she could n't win that 's on her . 
  unless you happen to be one of the poor girls/boys who has been groped/raped/murdered . 
  please show me a politician who does n't lie . 
  fair enough , i see what you 're saying . 
  i guess i 'm just a little bit more doubtful of the government 's ability/willingness to protect it 's citizens and would like to be able to protect myself in a situation like this ( or god forbid against a tyrannical government ) . 
  easy as in 1000-2000 euros or a trip to your friendly local neighborhood mosque . 
  http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/11/13/this-is-how-ak-47s-get-to-paris.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/12037546/kalashnikov-bullets-found-in-police-raid-linked-to-radical-paris-mosque-closure.html really right now the only people who have any difficulty accessing firearms are law abiding citizens . 
  well right now only the criminals have easy access to firearms . 
  hardly ideal either would n't you say ? 
  a bit misleading seeing as it 's a theme park and not a town . 
  if you 're voting to enable mass immigration from the middle east , what are you really voting for in the long term ? 
  homophobia , racism , authoritarianism and misogyny ... 
  i 'm curious , are you at all worried about what bearing this would have on the migrant crisis ?
