  haha no , it 's what you call supporters of fc barcelona . 
  i like valls , he 's of catalan descent and a fellow cul\u00e9, 
  new phone who dis ? 
  sick man of europe . 
  more than 100 years later and the term still applies . 
  hmm very interesting insight , thank you !, 
  is this sort of bavarian mentality similar in austria ? 
  apparently the least discriminatory place were the eastern cities like leipzig . 
  i always thoughts that 's where racism was more rampant , no ? 
  right , i 'm not saying they should be banned from protesting . 
  but i 'm asking for the logic/reasoning behind the protests . 
  good news . 
  i do n't understand why people protest against deportations if that 's the law of the country ? 
  i mean , you 're going there in hopes of being granted asylum but you have to recognise that there 's a good chance it will be denied and you will be sent back . 
  that 's what the process is about , it 's not like once you reach german territory you 're free to stay and do whatever you want for how ever long you want . 
  also , apparently the deportees were identified as criminal offenders , possible attackers and individuals who failed to identify themselves . 
  those reasons are more than enough to justify deportations , honestly . 
  and then people continue protesting at the airports ... why ? 
  also the village liqian , which has a lot of people with ` caucasian ' features like light coloured eyes , european noses and light coloured hair . 
  some people hypothesise that the roman prisoners of war settled there and the name comes for the latin word for legion , ` legio . ', 
   the event was sanctioned by the town hall and welcomed by mayor francisco cuenca as an act promoting granada as a `` city of co-existence and tolerance . '', 
  it was promoted with signs saying `` come and know ramadan '' . 
  because the city promoted it . 
  yes ... and it 's only going to get worse . 
  and it 's going to be 40 degrees here on saturday !, 
  holy shit , the rise in syrians from 2010 to 2016 is astronomical, 
  there have been turkish immigrants to germany since the 1950s but beer consumption rose from the 50s until the 90s when it began to fall, 
  okay , that 's one . 
  ` the west ' is n't just the united kingdom , you know . 
  if the ` nazi mods ' are deleting anti-eu posts , then why is this one still up ? 
  lol , it was posted first and it 's the same news article , that 's why the other one was deleted . 
   maybe they do n't want to be minorities in their capital cities like we in the west ? 
  what ? 
  where is this true ? 
  at least in madrid and barcelona , it 's really not close at all . 
  persians are not arabs . 
  i have nothing against either group of people , but you ca n't compare them with such a blanket statement by simply classifying them all as muslims . 
  the polish people in this sub mostly complain about arab immigrants from places like syria , afghanistan , iraq imagine calling portuguese and armenians the same because they 're both culturally christian . 
  a lot of persians i know would actually be offended if you call them arab . 
  i think he 's referencing a user on / r/europe whose name is aleix and is very pro-independence on the sub, 
  what a joke, 
  at least we can explore dank memes, 
   i am very , very pro eu , but things like this , and this can be said about greece and portugal as well where i notice the same attitude to smoking , makes me thing that uk is so far ahead in some areas we might be better off with a brexit lol !, 
  just stay in england next time mate , you do n't need to punish yourself by coming to our little backwards country . 
  a bit ironic that the people you had a problem with happened to be british . 
  nice exaggeration mate, 
  it 's going to be interesting to see how many people participate this time . 
  even though i 'm against independence i will certainly vote . 
  if labour somehow win , i would pay a lot of money just to see may 's reaction as the results come in . 
  seems like only the attacker was killed by the police . 
  good riddance . 
  19 fatalities ... and to think there were so many kids in that concert . 
  terrible , terrible news . 
  it looks pretty calm in [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/sohaibmm1/status/866786806066540544 ) video at least, 
  wow sounds bad from the initial reports . 
  multiple fatalities ... stay safe everyone, 
  it 's like europe 's own united states , except the light version because nothing can top the 10/10 entertainment that trump has given us lol . 
   the new rules would include laws that make it harder than ever to access pornographic and other websites . 
  the government will be able to place restrictions on seeing adult content and any exceptions would have to be justified to ministers lol what the fuck . 
  it feels like 17th century puritan britain or something like that . 
  just let people enjoy their porn goddammit . 
  pick up a rifle and point it at himself ? 
  it 's clear to us but new generations who are learning this part of history for the first time might think these camps were run by poles, 
  this sounds like something fn would do . 
  i 'm loving every second of it . 
  i loved that film, 
  how professional of them, 
  today is a good day to be european lads, 
  one thing i 'll certainly enjoy is your tears, 
  ahhh i 'm so happy, 
  [ you beautiful man ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uggqkrc.jpg ), 
  macron wins !!, 
  get in thereeeee, 
  beautiful, 
  who would macron appoint as prime minister ? 
  easy there , nostradamus, 
  [ mfw macron wins the election ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n5rvmps.jpg ), 
  [ france 24 english language live stream ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ydto3iyzic ), 
  go back to your cave, 
  jajajaja le pen al carrer, 
  i really like big elections , there 's something about staying up late looking at results and news that really entertains me . 
  hopefully we 'll have a good result tonight !, 
  god i wish we ( europe ) sanction the shit out of putin and his regime . 
  those e-mail leaks do n't seem to have much damning content but the fact that he keeps interfering with western elections is very concerning . 
  le pen has become even more pathetic by turning into another russian puppet in the west , and the sad thing is that there are many who do no see through that . 
  here 's to a macron victory and here 's to the end of the putin regime . 
  no offense but i have more faith in the french than i ever did in the americans . 
  please do not try to paint trump or his party as a more liberal candidate than clinton . 
  reddit backed clinton because most of the people here are left leaning and are against right wing candidates . 
  it 's honestly not hard to figure out . 
  it has nothing to do with anti-establishment shit , trump and clinton are both very establishment . 
  reddit has never been a fan of the far right . 
  seeing most of this site support a more leftist candidate is not surprising at all . 
  how delusional do you have to be to think that the majority of a liberal site like reddit would support far-right populist politicians like trump and le pen ? 
  honestly , i ca n't believe how pathetic they are . 
  i wish i could see the faces of all these idiots when le pen gets defeated in a couple of days, 
  hahaha go back to 4chan mate, 
  and yet , the daily mail is still 10x worse . 
  lmao , let the alt-righters have a little bit of hope at least . 
  ( not really ),
