apparently the strongest quake is decades ... stay safe italibros . 
  apparently the suspect is still on the loose ? 
  hope they find them soon . 
  what a stupid ruling . 
  well hopefully ireland will still be part of it and they speak english . 
  i do n't think so . 
  whatever the un might try will get vetoed by russia . 
  and / r/spain just recently broke 8k ... woo !, 
  do n't know mate , that yorkshire pudding is something else . . 
  armenia are part of uefa . 
  good enough for me . 
  haha maybe . 
  i would n't really use the word negative , just that people here like to complain !!, 
  but i think deep down they know how great the metro is . 
  i 'm surprised more people are n't satisfied with madrid 's public transport . 
  it 's really , really good . 
  is this what journalism has become ? 
  disappointing from the telegraph . 
  iirc basque is also rather gender-free, 
  the pope has been in office for three years and they 're already talking about his successor ? 
  holy shit all that snow . 
  it seems like it was a really bad one according to the eyewitness reports . 
  hope they catch the cunt who did this quick . 
  there have been modern catalan independentists since the 19th century , i do n't understand how you think this movement was a non-issue since before 2008 ? 
  i ca n't wait for this election , so uncertain but pretty exciting . 
  ah okay thank you . 
  lol @ that twitter account 's picture though, 
  does anyone have a better source ? 
  that is n't some random person 's picture on flickr ? 
   we are a unsc member and self determination is considered to be a human right by the un right , but the un also says the following : ` any attempt aimed at the partial or total disruption of the national unity and the territorial integrity of a country is incompatible with the purposes and principles of the charter of the united nations ' so using the ` self-determination ' path in order to achieve independence is not viable for catalonia , in my opinion . 
   viva catalunya it would actually be ` visca catalunya ', 
  to be fair , the article is talking about how when the gastarbeiter arrived , they were initially thrown into the cold water by not having any proper lessons on language or integration like recent migrants do now . 
  but i agree that after 25 years , he should be speaking german and it 's inexcusable that he does n't have a proper level at least . 
   in any case , he says , the focus on language is a `` political game '' what ? 
  how is learning the language of the country you have been living in a ` political game . ', 
  i have no idea how someone lives and works in a nation after so many years , and is not able to speak the language . 
  the fact is that migrants , no longer how long they 've been here , should integrate to some degree , and the language is a huge part of that . 
  fuck me , that looks bad . 
  stay safe . 
  make love not war, 
  pathetic from the telegraph . 
  do they really think we 'd fight a fucking war over gibraltar ? 
  or that we would invade them ? 
  i do n't understand this warmongering , it reeks of insecurity . 
  amazing thread , thank you for taking the time to do this , it 's really informative !, 
  my question is , what was general reaction in france when manuel valls said he was backing macron ? 
  was he seen as a traitor or simply a man making an obvious move ? 
  how much more pathetic can this guy get ? 
  it 's a shame because turkey is a gorgeous country , with lots to see . 
  it 's sad its image is tarnished by an idiot like erdogan, 
  i 'm not arguing that crimea 's annexation was n't illegal , but should n't a similar argument be used in regard to kosovo ? 
  the recognition of it as a state , even though it did n't achieve that status through legal means . 
  hard to define ` great . ', 
  many eu nations are still the best places to live in terms of education , quality of life , human development , equality . 
  most of the ` best cities to live in ' lists are mostly made up of cities in the european union . 
  i think european citizens have many advantages and have a standard of life that is difficult to find in other places . 
  it 's not perfect , obviously . 
  and it has many faults and there are still many problems , but if i could choose anywhere to live in the world , i would always choose europe . 
  they should have sturgeon trying to claw her way back to merkel . 
  since it 's only a draft , i doubt it 'll stay . 
  i really do n't see the uk using gibraltar as a bartering tool in order to have a smoother brexit . 
  i think the french and belgians allow dual citizenship . 
  stay safe everyone . 
  i was living in london for the past three years until last summer and it saddens me that something like this is happening in a city that i grew to love so much . 
  this is true democracy !!!, 
  you dutch bros lead the way . 
  awesome thread , and really informative . 
  i have to ask , is wilders ' hair real ? 
  it looks a bit like one of those 18th century wigs . 
  i think he was being ironic . 
  most of those idiots have probably never been outside of their town , let alone their continent . 
  just a slightly bigger galicia, 
  and so it begins ... 
  there was also one called irrintzi but i 'm not sure if they still exist . 
  overall , these paramilitary organisation achieve nothing and i think they learned that in the 20th century . 
  but yes , you 're right that it 's bad that the language is n't respected . 
  and it 's not just basque , but in france there are countless of regional languages , catalan as well . 
  it 's very unfortunate because perhaps in 50 years , none of these languages will exist in france . 
  there are people who want a ` greater basque country ' that includes the territories in france . 
  it would be much more difficult , especially since france is such a centralised country . 
  they do n't even recognise the basque language . 
  there was a basque nationalist paramilitary organisation , similar to eta in france called iparretarrak , but they disbanded more than 20 years ago . 
  although i am not in favour of independence , i do believe that we should have a referendum and the basques as well . 
  maybe one day we 'll see a government that will grant us that right . 
  best of luck to the scottish people . 
  i feel like sturgeon truly has their best interests at heart . 
  it 's a non-binding vote , but what sort of political repercussions can this have ? 
  does this mean that another referendum is closer to reality , or is that completely out of the question ? 
   the uk enters the negotiations from a position of strength bold statement indeed, 
  seat masterrace, 
  today has not been a good day . 
  these fucking scum really need to fuck off cos i 'm getting soooo tired of this shit . 
  holy shit . 
  apparently he was shot while at an art exhibition ?? 
  i hope he 's alright . 
  so many attacks in turkey in the past week , so sad to see . 
  fuck me that 's cheap, 
  they should just deport this cunt . 
  some people are truly disgusting . 
  stay safe,
