i 'll be honest pal , i have not a clue what any of their names are . 
  i just saw the board which had the percentages on and asked the nice looking barlady what was good . 
  depends on how where you go and how much you 'll spend . 
  pints at chain bars will probably be between 3.5-5 % . 
  go to a proper local pub and you might get beers pushing 6 % . 
  pints here at the most cost # 4 , but if you go for a brand like heineken you can get pints for # 1.5 - # 2.25 . 
  went to an interesting bar last week that only sold craft beers between 7-12 % . 
  prices there were between # 5 and # 7.50 for a pint . 
  yeah it 's not great and i 'm very jealous of you guys but it 's not as bad as people here like to moan about !, 
  ( just like most things ... ), 
  # 4.5 in some places , for certain beers . 
  # 1.5 in my local for a pint of ` beer ' . 
  why should n't you quote churchill ? 
  he said and did some pretty bad things but he was also one of the finest statesmen of the 20th century . 
  seems like it but it ai n't, 
  what is the logic behind this ? 
  i do n't really get this argument , could you explain more ? 
  i can see why you would feel betray but your argument here seems odd because we `` agreed to be a part of '' it in 1972 , surely this new generation of people should have the decision to leave if they want to ? 
  we should n't be bound by the decisions of people from the past if we do n't want them . 
  i believe you mean to say 120 and 45 ` million ' and not ` billion ' . 
  it does n't especially bother me that you are pessimistic about our democratic future , however it does n't surprise me . 
  there 's not much about democracy that croats know . 
  they said the same thing about our country when we had a landed aristocracy and a monarchy with power , and we have seen how we have reformed our country since . 
  we will change , and it will benefit us whilst your country has fun being a haven for corruption and anti-democratic beings . 
  the av referendum does not show that we are mere serfs to the men on the tv . 
  the form of av proposed was flawed , and at the time first past the post was the best form of democracy for our constituency based democracy because there were only 2 major parties , and fptp allowed for strong government to form . 
  this is less true now , nearly half a decade later as we have a more pluarlisitc political environment now . 
  we can expect beneficial change , a large proportion of the country want it , including those who are supporters of the current government . 
  i know this will be difficult for you to understand , but here in this country we actually have a system that responds to the people . 
  unelected lords with inherited peerage ? 
  phased out and soon to be almost entirely removed . 
  unpopular cuts to the tax and credit system ? 
  scrapped at the next budget . 
  we have a democracy here that can choose to do so ( unlike eu states like greece ) , and like we have in the past , we will change again . 
  i care not for your opinion on the matter , your opinion is irrelevant . 
  the refugee issue was by no means an economically important issue . 
  it was a matter of social justice , of course they are more lenient . 
  time will come when a serious economic issue arises and you will be beat down like the lapdogs you are . 
  just see what they have done to greece and their democracy . 
  have you read the agreement between the eu and the greek parliament ? 
  the greeks have no power , and this will certainly happen to you if/when you have another financial crisis . 
  have fun with that naive belief . 
  whilst you crumble and decline into irrelevance we 'll be having fun trading with all the countries that have lined up for an fta in the month since brexit . 
  jealousy sure is a terrible thing , is n't it ? 
  democracy is flawed but i believe the eu was only making it worse . 
  what we are now seeing in the political climate of the uk is a change towards a better democracy . 
  people are realising that 2 political parties can not represent all of the people , and that the parties they did believe in may not be doing so either . 
  this will pay a democratic dividend soon where we will have a much more representative democracy . 
  we do most certainly have a democracy , it is very unintelligent for you to say so , and now we will be able to improve it signficiantly . 
  you are right , there is no germany and there is no france . 
  just the block that is the eu . 
  but inside , when it comes to you guys deciding if a deal is right we all know that they hold the people . 
  that means we only have to court them , because the rest of the lapdogs like yourselves will be forced into following them . 
  you have the power of the veto vote ( for now , this will be reduced as more and more of the voting moves to qmv ) but it is a mere token . 
  we all know they hold the power and they will get what they want ( which is trade with us ) because you do not have the actual , realistic , power to stop them . 
  you could vote against them , or protest , but then they will harm you until either it gets to the state that you leave the union or you back down for your own sake . 
  as i said , have fun in this powerless state . 
  i know eu law . 
  i have studied it to a high level at a good university . 
  i have had many discussions with very qualified and experienced tutors and professors in this area . 
  but real political life in the union and throughout history is not defined by the black and white laws . 
  often , on the surface throughout history you will see confusing events where the politicians have chosen what is seemingly an irregular decision , but that is because of the political and economic reality . 
  the legal reality is removed and your veto vote is merely a formality . 
  it is no actual power . 
  `` to you , it was always about the money and nothing else . 
  '' - this is completely untrue . 
  we want european co-operation , we want harmony and peace in europe and we want all of us to thrive . 
  but the fact of the matter is that this is n't sim city . 
  this is n't a utopian society where everything develops fantastically and exactly as planned . 
  we can make sacrifices for the general social wellbeing ( i.e. 
  making sacrifices for the sake of social inclusion , peace , security and european culture ) but we have to live in reality . 
  the fact is that it 's not all about money , but we have to place importance on it . 
  you are living in a fantasy if you ignore it . 
  as net contributors , the tax payers of this country have a right to give directions as to where money is being spent . 
  often in the european union that went to good areas which we do n't mind spending our tax money on . 
  however , if we feel that the european union wants to move into a direction that was disagree with , such as federalism , we are well within our right to leave . 
  it is the most fair thing for both of us , we do n't want it so we leave , you guys want it so we leave to allow you guys to have it ( otherwise we would have blocked the issue ) . 
  it was not all about money , the direction the european union is deciding to take is not one the people of the uk want and thus it is fair for us to leave . 
  after all , it 's not like we gave nothing and took loads . 
  we contributed and we recieved , but it was a fair amount both ways and does n't mean we abuse the eu by leaving . 
  `` but then you wanted out . 
  why ? 
  because you wanted to sell goods and services to poland , but did n't want poles selling their work in the uk . 
  '' - immigration is not why i voted leave , and the information from polling companies shows that immigration is not the reason why the voted leave . 
  the majority of people who voted to leave did so to preserve democracy in this country . 
  `` you pretended like the uk was somehow ambushed by eastern european countries coming in to the eu '' - did we ? 
  the fact is that this is n't that large of an issue . 
  however , as like croatia 's accession , it was disappointing to see countries that failed to meet many requirements be given accession but i do not complain about their membership . 
  and when you say we had the power to stop them , that is not entirely accurate . 
  the government did but the information was not provided to us , the people , so we never had the say and it was n't made a big enough issue in the media for us to be able to ensure our politicians did n't allow them in . 
  it is not accurate to say the people of this country allowed them in , the political class did . 
  `` you act like the eu is some foreign entity forcing it 's will on you '' - again not accurate . 
  however , we do feel that in the uk the eu is pushing towards a federalist agenda and this sort of constitutional make up is not something that the british people want , and thus we should be able to reject it if we do n't want . 
  a lot of eu regulations and directives did good , and i am sure that the eu will continue to do so but the manner in which laws are made are important and the eu wants it to be federalist . 
  simply , the british people reject this and that would mean we would not be at ease with the eu . 
  again , if this is true it is best for both of us if we split . 
  `` most telling however is hearing brits bitch about the european convention on human rights '' - this really is n't that large of an issue as you make out in the uk . 
  i would prefer not to be in because i think it gives the illusion of human rights protection in the uk , but the issue with it is not that european judges make decisions on our matter , but with the human rights act itself which gives inadequate protection . 
  i would n't mind staying with the echr but only if the hra is seriously reformed . 
  however , i must add that as well as the argument that we should be able to develop our jurisprudence as we please , there are a lot of issues with the echr .
