  decent picks available : ming , timurids , indians players who 've said they need a sub : poland, 
  i have no idea then . 
  i know they nerfed spread of discovery because it was happening too fast , it might be something to do with that ? 
  i think muscovy purchased some maps , maybe he can help . 
   because i could n't go ( or see ) further with the terra incognita i hear you . 
  this was actually a huge problem for me in the first muscovite war too !, 
  there was a massive battle in rzhev that i could n't join for the same reason . 
  to buy maps you need to move a unit next to the region you want to buy maps for i think . 
  alliance proposal , i 'm pretty maxed on diplo relations atm due to vassals etc. 
  but we could perhaps negotiate a non-aggression pact depending on how things go . 
  [ post game summary is up !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/4kiwto/reurope_mp_game_3_session_1_beasts_and_men/ ), 
  i know our relations have been rather . . poor . . since you supported the mamluks against me , but at this time i have plenty to do without picking fights with you . 
  just stay out of my way and you 'll have a chance to grow strong . 
  if i remember correctly our armies never actually fought in the mamluk wars either , i believe you did n't actually join the battle at dimashq in the first ottoman-mamluk war , so that counts in your favor . 
  chart on the right , blue is secondary powers ( like vic2 stuff ) . 
  essentially it means nothing , its just a way for people to eyeball relative strength and can be used for rules if it becomes necessary - this game we have very few alliance rules but last game we had more . 
  bleeeh thanks for pointing it out !, 
  i was in that story !, 
  i think i come across rather well . 
  portugal did n't get damaged at all really , so if you want to try and join us next week your nation is still fine !, 
  thanks , changing . 
  its more because 2 of our claimed great powers were abandoned , and we do n't count ai . 
  so ming and austria dropped which puts you 2 ranks higher - i do n't think your actual score went up by much , you gained 1 or so income , lost 3 forcelimit , gained some naval forcelimit . 
  done, 
  done, 
  [ post game spreadsheet ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lnwee6p9tbjciuoqpcoyj1tnaznqmcze58evzp6pawo/edit?usp=sharing ) is updated !, 
  if i do n't have your name , or i have something wrong please pm me so i can correct it !, 
  please note - this means the top 3 will not be able to ally each other - ottomans , england and france . 
  post-game summary will be posted tomorrow !, 
  oh also - [ post game map of the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8mgwikt.png ), 
  sure thing , i 'll put you in the spreadsheet . 
  be aware that brandenburg and bohemia are both players so you 'll need to be a bit careful !, 
  you and / u/humorsnubben taking 2 nations from regions that needed players - much love !, 
  adding you both to spreadsheet . 
  sure i 'll put it in . 
  i 'll add you to the spreadsheet as bohemia . 
  bohemia and hungary can fight back against those nations though . 
  tabarestan ca n't fight back against timurids . 
  timurids are picked so you 'd need him to allow you to live really , which if you want to form persia ... he probably would n't . 
  bohemia or hungary are decent in europe . 
  there 's still some big boys in india & empty indochina too . 
  i posted my steam name somewhere in the thread , add me on steam and i can help you set it up a bit before the session . 
  also putting you in as ethiopia !, 
  you brave bastard !, 
  good luck - do a practice run or two if you ai n't played them on current patch its a bit different . 
  you 're on the spreadsheet, 
  upto you buddy , let me know !, 
  great , you 're on the spreadsheet !, 
  so am i understanding you 're going to let / / u/razbojnik666 take austria ? 
  do you want to play ottomans , or will you want to pick something else ? 
  verrrry good . 
  full italy is best italy . 
  you 'll have some time before ming/vijayanagar or japan come knocking , so you can solidify control of the islands - unless we get some more picks . 
  hey buddy . 
  let me know when you decide . 
  i think having a pope would make italy pretty crazy !, 
  we 'd have savoy/florence/naples / pope surrounded by switzerland/austria/france - certainly plenty of diplomacy and backstabbing to be done there . 
  alternatively , hungary and bohemia are available - both bigger powers in the thick of europe . 
  though more africans are welcome , we only have 2 atm . 
  you 're down as majapahit - great to have some more asian players !, 
  i thought we 'd had everyone who was coming back claim already . 
  / u/z651 / u/razbojnik666 are both technically claimed on austria then due to my mistake . 
  could i offer one of you ottomans instead ? 
  if one of you takes ottomans and the other takes austria you both get to play a major european power , i do n't mind changing my pick at all . 
  and we have a new lowest scoring nation - with a huge 15 points !, 
  also welcome back !, 
  cool , i 'll change the spreadsheet . 
  uzbek is actually in a great position - especially since their initial khan has 5mil points !, 
  just so you 're aware , we have player muscovy , player poland ( potentially plc ) and player ottomans , you might prefer to go uzbek if you want to play a horde - they 're less threatened . 
  i 've put you down as golden horde though !, 
  if you miss multiple sessions in a row then your nation becomes available for others to take on a permanent basis . 
  if you miss 2 weeks non consecutively you retain the permanent claim to your nation . 
  with that said , if you ca n't come tomorrow i 'd recommend picking a nation next week instead - so you can see what the worlds like then !, 
  i 'm assuming he 's referring to the fact that the original 19th century gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung implied austrian dominance ( under the habsburgs ) in the new germany due to austria 's size compared to the other german states . 
  naturally history took its course and any idea of gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung in the 21st century would not feature austrian or habsburg dominance , so i 'm not sure what he 's getting at beyond the reference to the implications of unification 170 years ago . 
  sure thing , just add me on [ steam ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075185979/ ) and we can talk there so we do n't clutter the thread too much !, 
   what happens if i leave the game before 24:00 cest ? 
  does the ai take over my nation ? 
  yes , you can set ai attitude in game as to whether you want the ai to honor alliances/surrender quickly/fight to the hilt etc. 
  after you leave . 
  generally people are quite respectful , if you just beat up 5 people before you have to go they probably wo n't be , but its considered `` unsportsmanlike '' to go for a temporarily ai player nation if there are other options available . 
  no promises though , its a soft rule not a hard one !, 
   i 've never played mp before , at what year does the game start ? 
  what nations are available ? 
  the game starts at the standard 1444 bookmark , all nations are available but you probably know that picking something like salzburg probably wo n't go well !, 
  [ currently picked nations can be seen here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lnwee6p9tbjciuoqpcoyj1tnaznqmcze58evzp6pawo/edit?usp=sharing ) anything that is n't picked can be chosen !, 
   does it matter if i ca n't join ts ? 
  no , its generally just a bit of banter . 
  some players co-ordinate wars on ts but in game channels are more often used . 
  / u/chricri3112 / u/bigbramel & / u/sndrtj are best placed to answer that . 
  france , england and castile respectively . 
   i 'd very much like to see some austro-prussian rivalry too , if someone claims one of those countries . 
  currently brandeburg is picked so you have your prussian rival !, 
   considering your religious stance , i doubt an ottoman alliance is possible . 
  everything is possible !, 
  my comment is just a bit of banter . 
  it 's dangerous for an ottoman player to expand too much into europe - it spooks the europeans and i 'm more of a pragmatist . 
  i 'll put you down as austria then !, 
  expansion into italy accompanied by securing your personal unions over bohemia and hungary will make you a strong power early game - but watch your aggressive expansion or you might lose emperor .
