  well said . 
  we all have our own experiences - which ultimately mean nothing . 
  in early may i was up in leicester for business , leicester has a significant indian community . 
  i experienced a great deal of racism there , but have never actually experienced any racism against my polish partner back home in the south . 
  some people set arbitrary limits on who they think its ok to be racist to , others just hate everyone . 
  well . 
  i hope you 're having a good time then . 
  `` freedom '' and all that . 
  it 's not our fault we have the largest number of uneducated old peop - wait a sec . 
  yes it is . 
  bugger . 
  started making the aar very late , so i 'll be posting it on monday like last week . 
  spreadsheet is updated though . 
  can confirm , will attend . 
  but will also be in awful mood after that grueling session - so i 'll be keeping to myself to avoid bringing anyone else down :p, 
  we 'll see , everything 's chaotic at the moment so i do n't really know if i 'll be finished in time . 
  we have a lot of exposure to eu students through erasmus etc. 
  so its a pretty big deal for us . 
  i should know by close of business today , but i may not be able to attend tomorrow . 
  the uni is calling an emergency faculty meeting to discuss brexit stuff which i need to attend , if it overruns or starts late i wo n't be able to come . 
  i 'll edit this post once i know timings . 
  edit : initial meetings set for 2pm with follow up committee at 4pm , so tentatively i can attend - but subject to delays etc. 
  [ artist 's rendition of the congress of warsaw 1576 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9meuxtc.png ) let 's hope your protection of austria is a bit more . . assertive this time . 
  ok , tomorrow is `` father 's day '' in the uk so i wo n't be able to post the summary until monday i 'm afraid . 
  spreadsheet is updated though !, 
  erm , majapahit ragequit - hes still big but threatened by japan . 
  ayutthaya also threatened by japan but still decent , bharat threatened by everyone but still reasonably sized . 
  yeah , since its been 2 weeks since you last played your claim on castile has expired ( as said in op ) . 
  since castile is currently a subject nation you can only pick it with / u/gefroy 's permission now . 
  sorry mate :( there 's some picks left in asia i think . 
  [ the glorious ayse hafsa sultan , `` the shadow of god on earth '' , daughter of bayezid `` the absent '' , son of mehmed `` the conqueror '' , by the grace of allah sultana of the ottoman empire , imperator & autokrator of the romans , calipha of all islam , shah of persia , sultana of egypt , sultana of khorasan , sultana of arabia , sultana of gujarat , sharifa of mecca , queen of serbia , queen of albania and queen of wallachia will attend this session . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdvwwvgbaus ) ayse stands ready to dispense the justice of allah , standing firm in the defense of her many allies - and as a terrible storm to her few remaining foes . 
  the sublime porte will conclude our conquest of hungary , bringing the light of allah to even the most wretched of heathens . 
  we will also be willing to support the current european peace initiative , for as we have often said , our ambitions are the glorification of islam not the conquest of this mundane world . 
  but do not mistake peace for weakness - the ottomans will not tolerate insults to our grandeur . 
  we stand by your side cousin . 
  and not for them any helpers . 
  the sublime porte has been actively engaged in creating a diplomatic system with the ethiopian emperor to protect the native africans from outside domination , we could certainly be convinced to engage in a similar exercise with the native europeans . 
  naturally we harbor no ill-will towards europeans ( except hungarians ) and would be willing to forswear any european ambitions in the pursuit of a lasting peace - a `` concert of europe '' if you will . 
  such actions require the participation of many great powers however . 
  we will be listening attentively to any efforts to establish such an accord . 
  the spreadsheet is actually on / u/dakarans account , i just have edit rights . 
  / u/seventypum i figured you 'd be playing georgia long-term so do n't worry i 'm not intending to kick you out or anything - i actually made you a march so i ca n't annex you !, 
  regarding score , vassal score needs to be included in the overlords rank - otherwise it could lead to situations where i drop out of top 3 when i should n't and am therefore able to ally other top 3 players when i should n't be able to . 
  i can add you as a separate `` sub-score '' of ottomans if you want . 
  shogun of nothing *, 
  i 'm going to culture convert greece , just for you < 3, 
  they 're red and slightly chaffed from rubbing them for 6 hours . 
  * stops rubbing hands *, 
  i am saddened to hear of your departure , that certainly changes the situation in india quite a bit . 
  i hope you 're enjoying the new place though !, 
  rest assured that your lands will be cared for as a direct part of the ottoman empire , which will now spread from serbia to distant ceylon in an unbroken mass of the faithful . 
  last game japan basically only fought ai for 250 years , then the game ended . 
  is that what you want ? 
  my heart weeps to hear that a brother in the dar-al-islam is thinking of switching nation . 
  i think there 's some picks in indochina/india available still , or of course if people do n't turn up . 
  ethiopia needs a sub for part of the session as well . 
  i think we should leave it here , i made an effort to provide something that was n't just my personal opinion or what i believe `` everyone knows '' . 
  you 've made your stance clear somewhat aggressively and i do n't think we gain anything through further discussion . 
  i 'm not here to convince you , i simply provided a link and some suggestions for further research into the subject . 
  i 'm not the guy you 've been arguing with , but [ here ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/money-laundering-and-the-city-of-londons-crime-scene-haven-of-tax-havens-for-the-mega-wealthy/5513335 ) is an article from global research to get you started on corruption in the city . 
  if you want to read more it 's pretty easy to find more information by googling `` city of london corruption '' , you might also prefer to look at google scholar to find peer-reviewed work on the subject . 
  i did n't realize i had to be on the left to dislike an idiot like boris :( frankly i 'd rather have had farage as the face of leave , he 's also a posh twat but at least he 's genuine . 
  * rubs his hands menacingly *, 
  far as i can see this group seems to mostly work for the independent and telegraph . 
  hardly a glowing recommendation of impartiality . 
  absolutely disgusting , republicans should keep their evil desires quiet . 
  frankly i think a somali immigrant who ca n't even speak english is more british than a republican !, 
   boris would go all churchillian and then it 's game over . 
  i know he wrote a book about churchill and would probably squeal like a japanese schoolgirl to hear someone call him churchillian , but i 'm surprised to hear anyone actually thinks that . 
  i thought we 'd all agreed that regardless of how we 're going to vote - boris is a posh twat . 
  you make some good points and there 's logic there . 
  but it still reads like `` anything but us !, 
  [ enjoy ] ( http://imgur.com/a/urf5c ) that should give you some idea of what to expect !, 
  if you have any questions feel free to ask . 
  i 'll give you a little summary of sweden once i 'm home , so you know what to expect !, 
  you do n't need to download the file . 
  just join the steam group or add one of us on steam and ask for an invite on saturday !, 
  i believe brandenburg has a player - sweden is available if you 're into herring ? 
  [ the glorious ayse hafsa sultan , `` the shadow of god on earth '' , daughter of bayezid `` the absent '' , son of mehmed `` the conqueror '' , by the grace of allah sultana of the ottoman empire , imperator & autokrator of the romans , calipha of all islam , shah of persia , sultana of egypt , sultana of khorasan , sultana of arabia , sharifa of mecca , queen of serbia , queen of albania and queen of wallachia will attend this session . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9ic9aisutm ) the men of the west may have mocked us when ayse hafsa took the throne - a reigning woman ? 
  how the turks had fallen they laughed . 
  ayse may have the body of a weak and feeble woman , but her heart and stomach are that of a sultan - she thinks foul scorn of any decadent westerner who dares to invade the borders of her realm . 
  far from being in decline , she declares the ottomans are on the verge of undreamed glory - let all who would forget our might be reminded by our pike and shot . 
  [ et voila ] ( http://www.filedropper.com/mpottomans15410102_1 ) with regard to our current alliance , i 'll be breaking it at game start . 
  i only allied your sub to beat up poland who was getting too expansionist , that job is now done and maintaining a long term alliance with muscovy is n't on my agenda . 
  i will continue to maintain cordial relations with you however , i have said many times i have no personal territorial ambitions in russia and i meant it . 
  it 's on the cards , but i do n't think the option is available until like 1700 . 
  it 's probably better for him to take my vassal atm , since he can actually fight players and see european politics with me , which will give him a better feel of the game and whether he wants to take an independent country in future . 
  there 's always potential for an ottoman-japanese alliance , but frankly if you ally me who exactly are you going to fight ? 
  long distance naval war with britain ? 
  does n't sound exciting !, 
  hey buddy , yeah transcaucasia ( or georgia to call it by its formal name ) is available !, 
  [ quick summary of transcaucasia ] ( http://imgur.com/a/lxqys ) if you have any specific questions or want to talk about our plans in more detail , we should talk in pms so none of these other sneaks can hear us !, 
  we 'll see how it goes with tunis i guess , the only military support i 've promised was against iberians and defensively so he 'll need to negotiate if he wants offensive support against africans . 
  it might be an idea to try and arrange some kind of `` african summit '' where you can all discuss the issues and try to come to some solution . 
  if the people of africa come to the ottomans with a solution that they all agree on i give my word i 'll work to enforce that status quo . 
  asians have already taken a tiny foothold in africa , and europeans hold some of the western coast , if the situation deteriorates from this level i 'll take action to rectify it like i did in the maghreb . 
  i 'll add him and / u/darealindainternet i 'll add kongo too . 
  [ summary is up !,
