  other opinions are available !, 
   nope , he said most of them coming from the dead sea and he named them to be `` mostly khazars and dirty zionists '' . 
  just to touch on this point , that is a reference to jews . 
  i 'm sure you do n't need anyone to explain the dead sea and zionist parts , khazars refers to a early medieval state which was at one point supposedly led by jewish nobility ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khazars ), 
  i 'm confused , do you mean atina ? 
  the little town south of selanik ? 
  well . 
  ottomans , russia and ming will all become stronger than france . 
  there 's potential in other blocs to beat france too . 
  its more a case that none are in a position to save england right now in my opinion . 
  if he really wants to play england he 's 100 % free to , as i said i just wanted him to be aware of the situation . 
  france is n't quite as strong as it looks due to overmercing etc. 
  and castile has had rebel issues for a while but there has n't been much appetite to contain after the first intervention went badly . 
  in the end i ca n't say how it 'll go , but i feel the scenario i 've presented is the most likely . 
  yeah , sorry i came across pretty ragey there . 
  i know that austria and burgundy performed poorly at the start . 
  it sounds like / u/ducemon has made up his mind , so cool i look forward to playing with him . 
  but really , there is no one coming to help . 
  the lithuanians just had their teeth kicked in ( and frankly could n't help anyway ) . 
  the russians could n't help . 
  ottomans are currently losing multiple wars and were unable to even land troops in their last attempted intervention in france . 
  the italians are one of the groups attacking ottomans , but are probably your best bet for assistance once they win - unless the central germans attack them . 
  if you want to try , go ahead . 
  but really do not expect any assistance regardless of how scared italy , germany and north africa is , no one can help before you 're dead . 
  remember the timeframe as well , france 's truce ends 1509 i believe and they will attack as soon as possible . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  for reference , persia has about ten billion percent liberty desire from province defections so if ottomans keep getting beat up its pretty likely to declare . 
  sorry to be so relentless about it , you 'd just have a really bad time getting bullied by france until annexation and i 'd want you to have a fun game < 3, 
  its not . 
  closest province that is n't taken ( norway is colonizing ) would be bermuda , ~ 470 away . 
  its 275 from tech @ 7 so even with idea 3 of explo ( which you do n't have yet ) and an advisor its too far . 
  that 's not what i 'm referring to actually . 
  that 's a short term option yes , but it 's pretty choreographed since he 's already coalition-ed by so many minors and the italian bloc is out of position . 
  i 'm not sure if its worth it regardless , as making an enemy of italy would be the result even if we delete tirol . 
  is deleting a relatively minor power like tirol worth losing a potential allied bloc with an interest in preserving central europe ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's worth considering though !, 
  yeah , essentially when i took over last session ( first player could n't make it ) all of ireland and scotland were already occupied with around 40k french/spanish troops . 
  eventually stab hit peace deals forced me to give land on the isles . 
  the real issue was burgundy and austria were played by . . inexperienced players . 
  which left england essentially alone vs the france/castile alliance , so i do n't blame the england player for things going so badly . 
  average diplo is around 7 , with some at 8 . 
  most players are lower as they generally took a diplo group first . 
  in addition to my previous comment allow me to add that france owns most of england ( i.e. 
  you ca n't prevent troop landings because they 're already there - which was my issue when i took over uk last game ) and you do n't have range to start any colonies so exodus wo n't work . 
  you have maybe 2 years of truce left before france takes another 100 ws bite with no possible counter-play . 
  please feel free to join , the more the merrier . 
  but not england . 
  you 'll just die < 3, 
  take it from the guy who got rammed by france last session - england 's done . 
  france has almost 5x your development and there 's no state with any interest in containing france who can project power to protect you . 
  if you want to play , pick someone else . 
  okay , i 'll stop giving thought to the european situation then !, 
  i have some specific ideas on that front that we can discuss in a pm if and when / u/modomario says whether he wants bohemia or mali or neither . 
   yeah i 'm teutons , and i 'm already allied with hamburg , meaning north germany is pretty tied together at this point . 
  except those pesky cologners !, 
  or are we counting them as west german ? 
  well hopefully either / u/modomario or myself will take bohemia and the prague-marienburg axis will be able to achieve something . 
  i feel rapid gains are required to assert them/ourselves as a bloc and there 's certainly potential !, 
  tunis is actually pretty weak right now , any of the individual members of the italian league could take him . 
  unfortunately his alliances kept him locked in war for a long time , meaning autonomy will be high etc. 
  my opinion is italy 's stepbrother savoy will be the one who kicks the door down , when it happens . 
  indeed . 
  i 'm guessing you 're teutons ? 
  bohemia ( with austro-hungarian ambitions ) and teutons ( with german ) would make the basis for a reasonable bloc , picking a side in the cologne/hamburg rivalry could finish it off . 
  it 'd be at least italy level strong and present a deterrent for further degradation of the empire if they could grab emperor . 
  bohemia actually starts next session with an interesting option for a player , as they are currently in a coalition against over-expanding tirol with a bunch of hre minors . 
  tirol is still small enough to be obliterated in one war after all . . 
  i think its your best bet in europe / u/modomario , or mali if you want to stay outside europe ( still strong enough to take tunisia and no player obligations yet which means easy ai expansion ), 
  well just putting it out there , i was considering going bohemia ( which has been played by players occasionally but not full sessions ) to try and assist central europe 's ability to defend itself . 
  if you wanted to do that instead i could stick with mali !, 
  it 'd need some political finesse though , there 's only a few little expansions to take before you need to steal from players . 
  alternatively , you could take mali and i could go czech . 
  just some thoughts . 
  i love mali and if people think its needed i 'm more than happy to go back to those scamps . 
  even with a session of mismanagement by ai they expanded a bit so its not terrible . 
  i guess subbing england has made me feel more sensitive to the european situation . 
  without austria or burgundy to assist against france & castile it was pretty hopeless and now the next target wo n't have england either . . 
  they wo n't meet real opposition until they 're on the other side of the collapsing hre . 
  but yeah , if i 'm mali again that 's not really my problem . 
  you make a good point r.e. 
  venice . 
  to be honest i 'd quite forgotten they still have crete etc. 
  in this game . 
  i still think they would have done better long term going into the hungarian lands while lithuania was in trouble though . 
  anyhow since i do n't need to sub for england next week i might pick up bohemia to provide a bit more strength in central europe - i think bohemia was ai last session ? 
  in my defence i failed my french gcse !, 
  i 'm square behind small powers banding together to fight bigger powers and threats . 
  that 's the greatest part of playing smaller nations in mp . 
  when you italians beat aragon - that was smart and well done . 
  but i 'm really concerned that while going for ottomans will give the pope/venice a short term boost , you 're making another long term enemy . 
  i do n't know if you guys have any agreements with the franco-iberian bloc ( and do n't tell me if you do ! ), 
  but if you * do n't * you 're going to quickly find yourselves isolated and without any major power willing to assist you . 
  the total development of your alliance is the same as france alone , forgetting about castile and savoy . 
  even if you take 100 warscore off ottomans ( and it looks like you might , well done ! ), 
  they 'll still be roughly equal to you , with easier expansion against ai available & muscovy to assist them . 
  i hope you know what you 're doing and seriously , good luck . 
  you guys have played well so far !, 
  damn you frenchie !, 
  i just wish the england player i was subbing for had n't completely wrecked britain 's chances so badly .
