  amazing video , so funny ... great job , serbs . 
  grats . 
  dis is yuge !, 
  maybe there was too many `` inside jokes '' , like shitting on serbs and slovenes , making fun of bosnians and stuff ... also , voice acting could 've been better . 
  more trump-like . 
  like dutches and germans did . 
  i think it was alright, 
  he 's just singing patriotic songs on our victory day , ur just jelly . 
   same text displayed twice on the cereal box [ not anymore !, 
  [ rage hard . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9axdpcwics ), 
  dalmatia is beautiful . 
  why did i open this ? 
  looks fake . 
  looks amazing , wish i was there fighting off the turks in 15th century ... 
  i love it, 
  they 're not in working state . 
   the only functioning fighter airforce no . 
  they do n't have it . 
  we have it . 
  and i see a man who forgot to take his medicine ... 
  bring back death penalty . 
  those eu bureaucrats have no connection to reality ... 
  even far right aint what it used to be ... sigh . 
  [ anyone up for some green grass with acid milk ? 
  yeah , they were too funny together ... 
  he 's a cool guy, 
  how do you explain the fact that non-democratic societies of the past often were very prosperous , developed and yielded great discoveries , great things for human race ? 
  noel baba ... lol, 
  we came from today 's poland to today 's croatia at the invitation of the byzantine emperor heraclius and defeated the avars who were the enemies to byzantine cities on the coast ... we converted to christianity :(, 
  yeah , but are those enviroments the diocletian 's palace ? 
  no , so stfu . 
  probably just killing their enemies with knives and stealing their guns, 
  some people really have nothing better to do than to draw stupid maps like these . 
  yes , you split the europe into 28 teritories with equal population , so f *** ng what ? 
  what 's the point of it !, 
  wahat ? 
  nooo ... 
  i do n't believe that . 
  women and childre only come here . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  - albania was n't in ex-yu - visegrad countries same category ( why ) - france is southern germanic and spain is not ? 
  - french are romance speaking , yes ? 
  - russia + other slavs ( but not yugoslavs ) the 6th - why the hell are baltics and scandinavians together ? 
  sorry , it does n't make sense to me . 
  yeah , now if only you 'd tell us how and based on what did you come to a conclusion that this is how europe looks like ... because i do n't get it . 
  at all . 
  i know they love potato . 
  why not put london bridge ? 
  there 's like billion of you over there ... 
  you said `` all white people are racist . '', 
  and not `` all white people can be racist , including middle class , rich ... '' . 
  so apologize brother . 
  i dont get this `` homeland thanksgiving day '' . 
  like what the fuck . 
  it 's very simple , those muslims are native to europe , while these immigrants are from third world countries ... 
  well , maybe they are right-wing extremists because of other things , not `` illegal immigration '' . 
  not to be confused because they 're on balkans now , but this is where albanians were 1700 years ago . 
  yes . 
  not really . 
  you are disinformed . 
   plutarch claimed that during the gallic wars the army had fought against three million men ( of whom one million died , and another million were enslaved ) , subjugated 300 tribes , and destroyed 800 cities . 
  wow , what a scumbag , huh ? 
  and that 's just the gallic wars . 
  i believe i should have a right to make a product that is not repairable and people should have a right not to buy it . 
  why do we need more than this ? 
  i wonder why ... ? 
  why ??? 
  why ? 
  why wo n't you take these good hearted immigrants who wo n't do anything wrong and who are very educated , civilized and intelligent ? 
  why ? 
  i know they do n't like being called czech republic . 
  ok , but comparing nazi germany which is , in 1940 . destroying europe and genociding jews ... to switzerland who does n't like albanians is ... rediculous . 
  their success has a lot to do with their behavior . 
  their behaviour is among others - xenophobic . 
  sooo ... 
  no , you 're actually wrong here . 
  rich equates to successful which equates to guess what ? 
  not broken . 
  look , my point is ... switzerland is `` xenophobic '' and look where it got them ? 
  they 're pretty f *** king successful , right ? 
  so how is being xenophobic like switzerland bad then ? 
  i mean if it ai n't broken , why fix it ? 
  yeah , but let me remind you that switzerland is one of the most successful countries in the world . 
  one of the most developed too . 
  do you understand now ? 
  eu is like mafia ... once you get in , you ca n't get out !, 
  or you can but not in one piece . 
   ex-fighters oh , that makes me very relieved then !, 
   in land desputes with all their neighbours ... we have no border disputes with hungary , italy , only with yugoslavian bros. . . and for obvious reasons , lol . 
  i love that meme , lol ... 
  actually , not that many croats understand slovenian ... 
  it 's a very similar language but we still need to learn it . 
  with slovenes it 's different because in yugoslavia almost everyone knew serbo-croatian which is same as croatian basically . 
  we love playing cards ... tre\u0161eta , bri\u0161kula , bela ... you name it . 
  you 're wrong , the difference in appearance between east slavs and south slavs could n't be bigger ... 
  it 's really stupid to put them all in same category . 
  like , which ones ? 
  `` a woman who abstains from maternity by saying ' i am working ' means that she is actually denying her femininity , '', 
  it 's weird because erdogan will ban women from wearing trousers and they will be forced to wear hijabs ?
