  split - croatia http://i.imgur.com/su2bmrt.jpg another one https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7176/6936500431_8369fbd64f_b.jpg, 
  we trust russia !, 
  russia never lie !, 
  i mostly listen to french female singers like myl\u00e8ne farmer . 
  i , for once , support something that eu has to suggest . 
  incredible . 
  serbia - major in islamic culture ? 
  i do n't understand that one ... 
  too much soap can damage your hands ... so i do it only after big toilet and sometimes after little toilet ( usually i just rinse hands in water ) . 
  and we had every right to do so , according to yugoslav constitution all republics had the right to secede . 
  but serbia did n't respect the constitution , so they attacked us , destroyed our cities ... and because of that our economy , tourism , suffered horribly . 
  we still have n't fully recovered . 
  great news , let 's make it happen ... 
  i believe in you , france . 
  you can do it . 
  why do you ask this ? 
  yeah , but you forgot romania and bulgaria , they 're in the eu as well . 
  less mid-eastern/african immigrants + you get to keep your country and not live in the united states of europe ? 
  i think there 's already something like this in the eu , it 's called 3 seas initiative and it was started by croatian president . 
  it 's an anti-immigration , anti-federalist bloc in the eu . 
  i strongly support it . 
  yep, 
  ca n't wait for the new charlie hebdo joke , those guys are sooooo funny ... 
  diocletian . 
  that 's a roman emperor if you did n't know , slovenia ... and who do you have ? 
  some italian guy nobody never heard of . 
  nice . 
  maybe london could stay in too ? 
  i can make random sounds with my finger and palm and call it a music , would that be music ? 
  nope . 
  so stfu . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself ... 
  this is not even music . 
  it 's pure garbage in sonic form . 
  shame ... 
  instead of spending that money to help the poor immigrants find a home or to give them more financial aid , they are going to waste that money on training a bunch of young people how to kill ... like , hello ? 
  i hope feministiskt initiativ forces government to rethink its decision . 
  only drug dealers and junkies hate this guy ... everyone else loves him !, 
  i love this guy !, 
  jesus sweden , you should shut up , you 're driving 200km/h towards a stone wall and your brake pedal is broken ... just shush . 
  that 's why the west is so morally corrupt , they are atheists ... simple . 
  yep , i agree ... there 's never enough of those ... got ta let the whole world know alexander the slav was macedonian . 
  just kidding , i love the macedonians ... do n't change your name our ex-bros just because the greeks have pain in the butt over it . 
  no fair . 
  croatia is best rifle . 
  it really is n't ... it 's very heterogeneous . 
  this map is nonsense, 
  this day will go remembered in history as the day of burning towels ... 
  yet , they suck at basketball , why ? 
  you got nice balls . 
  i like balls . 
  new official language is french now that uk is out of eu ... 
  all that snow though ... and land . 
  greenland sure is a nice replacement ... all that snow and stuff ... f ** k u uk , we can do without you !, 
  we 've known this for years , come on ... it was obvious . 
  always real-barca to meet in the finals of cl . 
  too bad it never happened though, 
  this is interesting, 
  nice sp reference ... one of my fave episodes ... 
  [ peristil , the central square in the palace ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tc6ff ), 
  we just brought them here for the parade and then returned them to germany . 
  yeah . 
  and anyone who disagrees is automatically labeled as yugoslavian , interesting huh ? 
  so you 're a yugoslavian now . 
  enjoy . 
  the facts are following in croatia , bosnia , serbia and montenegro : - * tv programs between these 4 countries is never ever subtitled ( for example when you have a film or tv show made in serbia shown in croatian tv ) * - * nobody writes in their cv that they speak bosnian , serbian or montenegrin language like they do with english , french etc. 
  * - * when our politicians or other public persons go visit some of these neighbouring countries nobody ever takes or needs a translator with them * - * there 's nowhere in these four countries to learn any of these languages croatian , serbian , montenegrin or bosnian , no schools or anything like that * to me , this means we all speak the same language . 
  this is amazing . 
  true democracy . 
  what ? 
  no , too much soap is bad for your skin because it can damage it . 
  besides , i wash my genitals every day so sometimes only water after taking a leak is enough . 
   least erasmus participation i can live with that . 
  ah ... those great days when south slavs ruled the world ... never forget !, 
  greetings to macedonians . 
  yeah , there 's no chance of us ever getting to war with each other now that we 're in eu ... man , are you braindead ? 
  i think you got it all wrong ... 
  the way i understood it is that the high-speed ( where germany and france are ) eu would be open to everyone who is willing to accept the laws of high-integration . 
  so it 's not about economy but more about ideology and federalism . 
  you 're a fool , obviously . 
  thanks for free cash !, 
  maybe someone should tell turkey what fascism is ? 
  these types of referendums are not something that 's suppose to be held on weekly basis ... not sure what 's wrong with the scots , they had their fookin chance to be independent country and blew it . 
  the 48976th largest ____ city is a month old thing , france why you still doing these ? 
  south slavs are different than west/east slavs . 
  is n't this traditional polish dress ? 
  we do n't wear these in croatia much ... 
  nice to see mogherini being fluent in croatian ... 
   you 're fucking soured , kiddo . 
  love it . 
  meh ... it 's ok i guess ... 
  we waz vikingz n sheetz ... just kidding , i love estii and if finland can be nordic then so can estii cuz they 're the same shit anyway ... 
  no more autism though ... 
  sweden state is a failed experiment ... 
  nice , i can totally see now how denmark can become a sharia-ruled state by 2050 . 
  this is fine , everything is fine ... 
  yes !, 
  i love bolek & lolek !, 
  lol , this is great ... 
  dis is yuge !!,
