  look , my suggestion from the beginning was this : this is a country that has run aground , that ran aground a long time ago . 
  ... surely we need to reform this country -- we are in agreement on this . 
  because time is of the essence , and because during negotiations the central bank was squeezing liquidity [ on greek banks ] in order pressurise us , in order to succumb , my constant proposal to the troika was very simple : let us agree on three or four important reforms that we agree upon , like the tax system , like vat , and let 's implement them immediately . 
  and you relax the restrictions on liqiuidity from the ecb . 
  you want a comprehensive agreement -- let 's carry on negotiating -- and in the meantime let us introduce these reforms in parliament by agreement between us and you . 
   and they said `` no , no , no , this has to be a comprehensive review . 
  nothing will be implemented if you dare introduce any legislation . 
  it will be considered unilateral action inimical to the process of reaching an agreement . '' and then of course a few months later they would leak to the media that we had not reformed the country and that we were wasting time !, 
  and so ... [ chuckles ] we were set up , in a sense , in an important sense . 
   so by the time the liquidity almost ran out completely , and we were in default , or quasi-default , to the imf , they introduced their proposals , which were absolutely impossible ... totally non-viable and toxic . 
  so they delayed and then came up with the kind of proposal you present to another side when you do n't want an agreement . 
  can we talk about how terrifying that is ? 
  either varoufakis is a liar and in that case it does n't matter anymore because he is gone now . 
  or he is saying the truth and this is just horrible . 
  these guys are shaping europe , our europe , they are negotiating the trans-atlantic treaty and many other very important topics . 
  and they just do n't give a fuck about trying to play the game fair . 
  the good ol' `` there is no alternative '' from thatcher . 
  i think what we are seeing here are the consequences of her and regan policies during the 80s maturing and rippling . 
  they created a strong narrative that there was only one true economic policy and the rest was leftist desillusions . 
  because he is not greek head of state . 
  tsipras is . 
  varoufakis is a minister and it looks like he never hided that disagreement with tsipras but kept loyal . 
   `` only the french minister [ michel sapin ] made noises that were different from the german line , and those noises were very subtle . 
  you could sense he had to use very judicious language , to be seen not to oppose . 
  and in the final analysis , when dr sch\u00e4uble responded and effectively determined the official line , the french minister would always fold . '' the weakening of france compared to germany is bad news . 
  france and germany are supposed to balance each others as two biggest powers of the eurozone ( as the uk does n't want to get involved ) . 
  this is no longer the case . 
   `` it 's not that it did n't go down well -- there was point blank refusal to engage in economic arguments . 
  point blank . 
  you put forward an argument that you 've really worked on , to make sure it 's logically coherent , and you 're just faced with blank stares . 
  it is as if you have n't spoken . 
  what you say is independent of what they say . 
  you might as well have sung the swedish national anthem -- you 'd have got the same reply . '' there is no more deaf than those who do n't want to listen . 
  europe is set up on one economic discourse `` everyone must be come like germany '' , disregarding any economics that does n't fit in that orthodoxy . 
   some could say that we have greekment 17 hours of negociations take their toll . 
  btw , if we are speaking of the treaty of versailles , i think you might be interested in these threads from / r/askhistorians , which i stumbled upon a while ago and i found very instructing . 
  * [ why are britain and france never blamed for contributing to the outbreak of wwii ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1vl88z/why_are_britain_and_france_never_blamed_for/ ) * [ is there an alternative to the treaty of versailles = nationalism = nazis history taught in schools ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/17ib0x/is_there_an_alternative_to_the_treaty_of/ ) * [ was the versailles treaty as punitive and debilitating to germany as it 's commonly made out to be ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1dudsf/was_the_versailles_treaty_as_punitive_and/ ), 
  you are missing something here . 
  both france and the uk have nuclear submarines packed with icbm . 
  so that talk about bottom tiers global power does n't hold . 
  as long as europe is under the nuclear umbrella of france and the uk , it is basically unconquerable . 
   your president is a great `` good cop '' . 
  i wish to believe that . 
  but he backed off against much weaker opposition here in france on many issues , hard to believe he would make a difference . 
  i do n't know if i am still a federalist . 
  i feel european as much as i feel french . 
  but the way events unfold , the way the economic discourse has become about dismantling the welfare state in an endless race to become more and more competitive , a race when not everyone can be a winner , i am starting to be glad we are not fully integrated or there would be no way to voice our opinions to the european technocrats . 
  or maybe it would be better ? 
  i do n't know anymore . 
  this shit is making me pessimistic , it is just so sad and depressive . 
  there is that and another thing is that our politicians did n't go through ww ii like european fathers did . 
  european solidarity was n't just a word for them but a necessity . 
  i do n't hate germans . 
  i deeply dislike the narrow-minded german politicians and the german media who fed the narrative of greeks being all lazy cheaters out for german taxpayers money . 
  there was room for a debate about europe , the euro and , most of all , our massive unemployment problem . 
  instead , it became a power play . 
   krugman has been describing a key part of the crisis as german selfishness in refusing to allow the euro to devaluate , because the internal imbalance in the eu which a devaluation would help fix is in favor of the germans . 
  i think krugman is missing another point here . 
  germany has a big aging population so it has to protect its pensions funds . 
  any devaluation would damage them . 
  germany is doing a policy to favour their people , hard to blame them for that . 
   how does creating a unsustainable welfare state get them out of the crisis when that was what caused their debt crisis in the first place ? 
  never said it would . 
  and it is not the welfare state by itself that created the crisis . 
  greece was less in debt than italy currently is at the beginning of the crisis . 
  yet , italy is not as much in debt as greece despite sharing many of the same problems . 
  what i am saying is that if cutting the welfare state down would make things even worse , that should n't be the focus . 
   you really think shipping and tourism being 30 % of gdp while having high trade deficits , was sufficently funding greek spending promises ? 
  actually , with the cut in public spending already done , they do n't need any more cuts as long as they find a way to give work to do to their 25 % unemployed . 
  the welfare state is n't preventing them from getting a job , the crisis does . 
  the focus should be unemployment , not reducing a welfare state as that reduction would only be detrimental right now . 
  on the long term , there is the question of pension but it is a given it will be adressed . 
  even tsipras agreed to that . 
  not that it is going to help things in the short run : if there is not enough work , higher retirement age is n't going to help the seniors finding work anyway . 
  this did n't answer my question at all . 
  if greece were to cut their welfare state completly now , how macro-economically speaking is that supposed to reduce unemployment ? 
  the imf research has shown that cutting down public spending cut down revenues with a multiplier superior to 1.5 . 
  so unsustainable or not , how does it help them get out of this crisis ? 
  unsustainable ? 
  you will have to define what this world mean . 
  the us , for example , had unbalanced budgets 40 of the last 45 years . 
  and they are not known for their expensive welfare state . 
  if you say it is unsustainable because of the debt level : japan has a way bigger debt and they have been living with it for quite some time now . 
  if you mean unsustainable when you are uncompetitive in a crisis without the possibility of devaluating then yes , it is . 
  but why should it be more about the welfare state than about the euro ? 
  and most of all , how would the greeks be better off without a welfare state ? 
  how are the retired people going to live without pensions ? 
  unemployed without unemployment benefits ? 
  how is that adding jobs , making greece more competitive ? 
  sure seems strange but on other hand , why would n't a left government like tsipras actually pass these legislations then ? 
  the rich are not exactly their voters . 
  i have heard many stories about the bullying varoufakis is talking about and i do n't know what to believe . 
  if he is right , that is scary . 
  that means we as we european citizens , are ruled by cynical manipulative assholes . 
  and this is fairly terrifying . 
   instead , left wing governments spent & regulated without regard to revenues , debt or the market place . 
  so the usual attacks against the left and welfare states .
