  in his opinion , the goal of mistral is unclear : `` from a geopolitical point of view i do not see where we will land the troops . '', 
  in addition , the expert pointed out that `` this ship is weakly protected , and it is a good target for the enemy . '', 
   `` and another question - why do we have to rush to buy overseas when we have our own shipyards ? 
  yes , of course , having spent many years without a military order , we can not produce a final design for a particular ship . 
  but today the situation is not so tense to require the ship tomorrow . 
  we could create a powerful unified design office or co-operatives , as we have always done , could attract experienced staff , and young people could gain experience . 
  and we could get both preliminary and final funding , we could raise our defense industry , prepare personnel , form the new design ideas , and everything would be fine '' , ivashov said in an interview with a reporter of pravda.ru . 
   i 'm not claiming you 're wrong , but can you explain how and what will make the difference ? 
  korea and vietnam are different matters because the issue was that the us could n't push for a complete victory in both cases because of the russians and chinese protecting these territories with a risk of escalation considered too high . 
  so the us mission at that time was holding the line . 
  and they managed to do that : south korea is still free and south vietnam collapsed only after the us pulled out . 
  every time the north vietnamese or the north koreans fought the american in an open conventional battle , they were utterly defeated . 
  and that 's the difference between iraq and afghanistan : isis is not doing insurgency , it is actually holding ground , which in turns make it vulnerable to conventional army tactics . 
  you can defeat an opponent you ca n't catch but if your opponent is actually trying to hold and defend a position , it gives you an opportunity to destroy him . 
  iam not saying isis will disappear afterwards : it wo n't . 
  but it can be inflicted a massive military defeat if it does n't revert to insurgency and does n't give up its terriroty the moment a modern military show up . 
  not exactly . 
  a f-35 and a rafale have several infrared detectors around the plane frame that allows it to detect targets in multiple directions which is not perfect coverage but close ( there are always directions where your coverage is better and some where it is worse ) . 
  but this is in the ir band which is shorter than radar band . 
  so a f-35 which is tailed can detect its opponent on ir and shoot it with a short range infrared missile . 
  but it ca n't do the same with a long range radar missile because the f-35 radar , like every other aircraft , is on the nose of the plane and is much more directional : it ca n't and does n't provide 360 coverage . 
  now , if an awacs or another fighter plane paints the targets with its radar and feed the data to the f-35 then it can shoot its target that it is n't locking . 
  but i am not sure long range missiles can shoot backwards as they are meant to use for short range engagements the way ir missile are . 
  anyway , this is not exclusive to the f-35 . 
  the f-35 has probably has the best avionics in the world so it is probably better at it than most jet fighters . 
  i am not even talking about ftl , i am talking about interplanetary travel . 
  technically speaking , you can survive a trip to mars with current tech but current propulsion is too ineffective for it to be interesting outside of the first time . 
  modern datalink that allows a strikgroupd to share radar locks is not exclusive to the f-35 . 
  the rafale can do it too with the mica missile . 
  the problem of not having guns or short range missiles on your plane is that you ca n't stay in the war zone once your missile supply is exhausted . 
  and if you have an objective to defend ( like a slow awacs , for example ) or if you wish to achieve complete air superiority , there are situations where you ca n't break up the engagement at will and might be forced into a close range engagement . 
  the nightmare scenario for the f-35 for example is that it has a limited payload and that if they ca n't destroy their opponents before running out of missiles and ca n't outrun them afterwards , they might be forced into close range and destroyed by the remaining opponents . 
  this is unlikely for the reason that the usaf has the biggest airforce so it is n't likely than any f-35 strike groupe be outnumbered . 
  but beyond visual range missiles effectivness againt an agile target that knows that it is coming and can fully use its ecm and maneuverability to avoid being hit , has not been demonstrated yet . 
  crazy that you are downvoted because there are a lot of scenarios where you ca n't use beyond visual range missiles . 
  if the target is flying at very low altitude for example or has very good electronic counter-measures or because you do n't want to be detected and do n't keep your radar in active mode all the time . 
  also , at their extreme range , their missiles are a lot less accurate than if you wait for the target to come closer . 
  if you launch too soon and your missile kill rate ratio is not good enough , you might not be able to avoid the remaining targets to close the range and engage at ranges where missiles are a lot more difficult to avoid , depending on the geometry of the engagement . 
  so many parameters can prevent you from launching and escaping afterwards and yet the trope of the `` invisible plane killing you from beyond you range '' is alive and kicking despite not being battle proven . 
  and you are forgetting that bvr weapon effectiveness has * not * been demonstrated in real combat against an competent airforce with current airplane technology . 
  yeah but the moment the turkish army decides to get serious and actively engage isis on the ground , the difference between a semi-professional militia force like the kurds and a true nation army when it comes to training and hardware will show . 
   we 're in for the next 100 years of global warming even if we stopped driving cars tomorrow . 
  true but the amplitude of that warming is very linked to the actions we are taking today . 
   russia does not have the money or technology they can work with private companies who has though . 
  i know total is working with russia on these issues and before he died in a plane accident , total ceo was really invested in that project . 
   especially with the oil price hovering around $ 50 . 
  true but that is true for all offshore projets with this price tag . 
  offshore oil starts getting truly profitable at around 70 $ for `` easy '' projects and needs 100 $ for technically difficult projets ( which can be compared with saudian oil that is profitable at 5 $ ) . 
  ( source : offshore engineer . ), 
   elves are ethnic russian litterally little green men . 
   maybe even tied for first . 
  first is propulsion . 
  with current specific impulse of propellers , space travel is not viable , even with shielding . 
  still , it is a shadow of its former self and is no longer looked as the best social policy ever the same way than when hitler went into power . 
  at that time , they were a lot of people in the neighbouring countries of belgium , england or france that pushed for a similar ideology . 
  today , not a lot of people look at russia and says : `` oh , this is how a country should be ruled , they are the future ! '', 
  but yeah , apart that , you are not wrong , i may have buried european nationalism a bit too quickly here with my too much western european view of the issue . 
  the one thing that is different with the russian experience of totalitarism is that it was ruthless against opposition but ideologically speaking , it was n't as rotten as the nazis . 
  the soviets did n't believe in superior races , exterminating cripples , slavery , domination of man over woman and before it became totalitarian , communsim was at first an attempt at stopping the exploitation of man by man . 
  nazis , on the opposite , was all about the destruction of individuality , glorification of domination and power though strength and violence . 
  there was n't a drop of humanism into the whole thing nad had n't they been defeated , the crimes they would have been committing otherwise would have dwarfed all the soviets did . 
  it looks like he is flashing ... 
  wait for the next banknote , it is scla\u00fcble rolling over alexis tsipras with his wheelchair . 
  if it can make you feel better , i think we are worse off : england * can * into france ... * shivers *, 
  if the nazi experience taught us anything is that it is rather easy to brainwash an entire country if you have the full power of a nationalistic state at your disposal . 
  good thing nationalism died in europe afterwards but if it ever come back , we know from experience that the wheels can go off * fast * . 
  i see them round myself . 
  maybe it is related to the shape of your eyes ? 
  mine are rounds . 
   i was saying that if you do n't produce lift , you have to go incredibly fast . 
  that is actually the opposite : you need to go fast to generate lift as lift is linked to the aircraft speed , you do n't have to be moving * at all * to stay in the air if you are using a rocket : you just need the impulse of the rocket to counter the gravity exactly and you would be neither falling nor ascending . 
   you 'd have to be propelled continuously to stay airborne without lift , well , as we are talking about a rocket now , not an airplane any longer , there is the option of ballistic flight . 
   but as far as i know there are n't any airliners that are n't . 
  airliners propulsion is counteracting drag that decreases speed that * in turn * decrease lift . 
  a plane can and does generate lift as long as it is moving , even with its propellers cut . 
   moving or capable of moving in the air outside of ballistic missiles and space rockets , everything else that flies use lift to ascend or , in the case of non-ballistic missiles , to manouver . 
  so if we are talking about non ballistic atmospheric flight , we are talking about lift . 
   you could fly fast enough with a jet turbine or any other kind of plane engine if you made it from strong enough material . 
  with a superstratoreactor and infinitely strong material , there is effectively no speed limit that i know of in the amosphere , yes . 
   nope , i genuinely mean lift . 
  then you are making a mistake in your reasoning : you were saying that as you do n't produce lift , you can go incredibly fast but lift does n't oppose movement , drag does ... and if you are talking about out of atmosphere flight , this is not orbiting ( which requires more speed ) but ballistic flight and for a ballistic design , your wing design does n't matter at all because you are simply not flying , you are * falling * . 
   obviously that 's not possible for the airbus jet , but in theory you can design an aircraft that generates no lift when cruising but still flies without losing altitude . 
  no : flying equals generating lift . 
  if you do n't generate lift , the only way to get up is by an impulse and it is effectively possible but that does not qualify as a plane but as a rocket and it is not related to the buseman design . 
  to expand on what others said , concord was equipped with a turboreactor which has a speed upper limit . 
  that design is equipped with a stratoreactor which has a speed * lower * limit meaning the plane has to be already flying fast for a stratoreactor to start functioning . 
  as such , it ca n't be the only propulsion aboard the aircraft . 
  on the other hand , it has a much greater efficiceny until mach 5-6 . 
  above that , you need a superstratoreactor which does n't exist yet outside of a few american nasa/darpa designs and experiments . 
   since youre not actually generating lift youd have to go incredibly fast . 
  i think you are confusing lift and drag . 
  drag is what slows you down , lift is what prevents the aircraft from falling . 
  the buseman design not producing any lift at a zero angle of attack , it means it would necessarily stall if it was flying horizontally . 
  and if it was n't , it would produce drag . 
  so there is no obvious benefit to the design . 
   we were leading in practically all scientific fields . 
  :( [ reference needed ] the only field i know that germany was leading at that period of time was chemistry . 
  in physics , fermi was italian , bohr was danish , the whole curie family was french and polish , satyendra nath bose was indian . 
  and not even talking about all those i do n't know of . 
  and i am sure we could do the same for biology , ocean science and about all scientific fields .
