  i am not saying the german contribution to science is small but i do n't see any evidence of it leading at that period compared to its equally rich neighbours of the time . 
  same goes for engineering . 
  it is not because a design is of german engineering that it is automatically the best . 
  there are engineering fields where germany is leader ( industrial machinery especially ) and some where they have not developed the skill ( computer processors , for example , which is trusted by the us ) and same goes for every country . 
  not really now , this is not what the leaks are saying . 
  there had been opposition to khaddafi for a long time because of the tribe rivalry and the divide between the east and west . 
  the dgse agents arrived after the start and trouble and tried to spur things in the interests of france . 
  the lybians rebels were using them as much as they were used , if not more . 
  and as the events proved afterwards , they had an agenda of their own, 
   we did n't even send any troops . 
  except for special forces on the ground . 
  and the whole choppers things raiding at nights . 
  it was n't any more legal than the iraq thing , let us be honest , the un mandate was for a no-fly zone , not an air raid capaign ... 
   there 's a reason why france had to use american aeroplanes in its north african campaigns for instance . 
  sure in wartime they would commandeer civilian fleets but it 's worth having something there and for a small army it 's harder to justify economically . 
  exactly . 
  strategic airlifting is very expensive so we decided to focus on combat hardware and rely on the us when we have to go there fast , like in mali . 
  if we have more time like deploying in aghanistan or peacekeeping missions , we do it by boat , it is far less expensive and we have the ( in ) famous mistral class bpc ships for that . 
  well , there is economy of scale talking . 
  but while we are weak in some areas like their supercarriers and strategic bombing , we are doing ok in the ground forces department , especially the infantry . 
  the european military forces are under-equipped to project forces or invade but to defend against an opponent , namely russia as it is the only military threat europe face , it is enough . 
  we outspend russia by a lot despite them spending a lot more in gnp percentage and our military is better trained and better equipped in average ( that 's because in the russian army , very bad conscripts units are mixed with elite troops like vdv so their troop quality vary a lot ) . 
  we should try to make economies of scale by working more closely with each other and we should n't cut too much in the areas where we need trained personnel that take time and money to get but overall , we are adequately funded . 
  the only remaining active military-industrial complex in the world is the american one and we are allied with them . 
  if someone wants to attack europe , he will have to build one of his own and it ca n't go unnoticed . 
  i am not saying it is n't instructive or smart . 
  i am saying i do n't trust them because they are a part of a system with the wall street journal and the economist who are absolutely convinced the private sector is always doing a better job than the public sector and that deregulation is the key to economic success and there is no good economic alternative to that . 
  i , as a reader of alternatives economiques , disagree as i have read about them being wrong on many subjects since the beginning of the crisis . 
  hence , the distrust . 
  i am not saying they are wrong as it is out of my field of expertise , just saying that theirs words should n't be taken as absolute truth the same way the words of a phsyics scientist talking about electromagnetism should be . 
  economics science is not `` hard '' science , experiments and theory validations are much more muddy waters . 
  huh , yeah , it does n't contradict what i said . 
  obamacare is mandatory private insurance with federal aid to level the costs . 
  it is not a single client public healthcare system though . 
  there is a difference . 
  it is not about juridiction , it is about state power . 
  google did accept the demands of chinese government for example . 
   gnp , which strips out the impact of multinational profit flows , declined 0.8 per cent quarter-on-quarter . 
  could you expand on that , please ? 
  i am not sure i understand the difference between gnp and gdp in the case of ireland . 
  the deeper the slump , the easiest it is to get growth afterwards . 
  as krugman said , if you stop banging your head against the wall , it feels better . 
  does n't mean there was no alternative to harming yourself . 
  the argument against austerity is that it is cheaper to sustain your economy during a slump through public spending because the slump would worsen your fiscal situation on the long run more than the deficit spending . 
  an example is a worker that has been unemployed during two years suffers a more signficant loss of skill that if he had been kept employed part time thanks to help from that state . 
  this is what germany did , for example . 
  avoiding your workforce loss of skill would avoid losing competitiveness nad mean you would fare better once the slump is over . 
  the agument against asuterity is not an argument for uncontrolled public spending , that is actually the opposite . 
  heritage fundation though ... they are the same guys who say privatized medical insurance is more effective than universale healthcare despite overwhelming evidence of the contrary . 
  i woudl n't trust them one bit . 
  competitors merging to reduce competition and make economies of scale is usual in small markets . 
  well , their numbers are bad , yours are atrocious . 
  i do n't understand why we are talking so little about the european unemployment . 
  the debt is a consequence of that unemployment level . 
  yes , that 's the problem with italy , it has very big geographic heterogeneity when it comes to wealth , corruption , productivity and unemployment . 
  apple to oranges ... a much more relevant comparaison would be greece and italy . 
   taxes raised they depress economy . 
  see what happened in [ japan when it rised its own vat ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0a023c0-2f2f-11e4-a054-00144feabdc0.html ) . 
  i do n't see exactly how it is supposed to bring more money than what would be lost . 
   retirement age raised when you have 25 % unemployment , retirement is not competing with the active population on the labor market . 
  you could say that it will help on the long run but the longer that level of unemployment , which means no controbution to pension fund , last , the less the whole retirement system is possible . 
  the whole debate about the retirement age is ridiculous : with their economy , the senior greeks ca n't go into retirement as they wo n't be able to live with their pension anyway . 
  and those who indeed went into retirement at 55 ca n't go back into work even if their pensions were cut to a level where they have no choice : there is just not any job for them . 
  in the end , they are the measures theu eurogroup wanted because they will be able to go back to their voters and tell them : `` you see these greeks cheaters are going to finally pay some tax !, 
  these lazy greeks are no longer going to retire at 55 ! '', 
  the fact that it is macro-economic nonsense , as the imf and many economists keep saying , does not matter here . 
  the narrative does . 
  would rather europe used that money on more pressing maters like global warming than on space . 
  space is n't going away anytime soon , it will still be there waiting for us once we have cleant the mess we are making down here . 
   he-3-deuterium fusion has advantages over deuterium-tritium fusion . 
  i know that . 
  but even taking those advantages into account , it is still cheaper to use deuterium . 
  in fact , solar energy would be cheaper than fusion trough mining he-3 on the moon . 
   taking water to earth is not the point . 
  hydrolize it and you have rocket fuel , in an extremely opportune location . 
  it is the point : if you can launch rockets from the moon , it means that somehow you are able to ferry materials to moon at a relatively low cost . 
  then it is cheaper to export water ( or , you know , directly the rocket fuel ) than producing it on the moon . 
  unless you are implying that we had been able to duplicate our industrial base on the moon . 
  but if that 's the case , then that means we have overcome earth gravity well a long time ago . 
  if that the case , the benefit from lacunhing from the moon rather than earth orbit would rank from low to non existant . 
   helium-3 for fusion reactors that do n't exist and you can use deuterium instead of helium-3 for a lot cheaper . 
   water frozen buried water on the moon is not going to compete with liquid easily available earth water . 
   moon rocks . 
  yeah , sterile dirt . 
   it 's probably still the closest to french history i will ever get . 
  this is what worries me . 
  the depiction of robespierre in the game is very contested as it is still a very controversial figure today . 
  when the french sentence is shorter than the german one , i become suspicious of the translation . 
  for me , the equivalent of a german captcha is if they are words like `` unabhaengigkeitserklaerungen '' or `` kaftfahrzeug-haftpflichtversicherung '' in the sentence . 
  you really shoud n't base your view of the french revolution on unity . 
  it is not very truthful when it comes to the characters and their motivations . 
   how does france come to terms with the terror and the things that happened before the thermidorian coup when celebrating bastille day ? 
  it changed things and made france getting into the modern era . 
  it could have been done better with less blood but history is a bitch . 
  and some really great things got out of it too , like the declarations of the rights of man and citizens which was incredible at the time : `` all men are born free and equal in rights '' might seem like normal today to you but at the time , the very idea was an intellectual jump forward . 
  we do n't choose our past , today 's germans know a thing or two about that too but in the end , we are all the children of that past . 
  i do n't think it should be venerated any more than i think it should be vindicated . 
  but we think we should seek to understand these times and honor those who tried to preserve human dignity in those times of struggle . 
  this is one of the many reasons behind the republic revolution but not the main one . 
  france bankrupted itself because it was badly mismanaged by the corrupt nobility .
