  the main reason is that europe was transitoning to the modern era , with the bourgeoisie , a word which means bourg ( city ) inhabitants , the cities middle to upper classes who did n't have nobility and were responsible for a growing part of the country wealth and yet did n't enjoy any power compensation . 
  the absolute monarchism was seen as obsolete and many were eyeing what the british were doing with their parliament . 
  in that sense , the way people could start voting in 1791 is very telling =  only active citizens paying `` le cens '' , a tax worth three days of work could vote . 
  and not directly to elect the representatives themselves , only electing the second degree electors who have a higher revenue requirements than the first degree electors . 
  this was those electors that elected representatives and in turn , it was supposed to balance things in favor of the bourgeoisi and aristocrats . 
  so the revolution was initially just a move to rebalance the power at the benefit of the bourgeoisie , not turning the whole thing upside down . 
  good thing or bad thing , it became out of control . 
  the reason is that at the same time , great french intellectuals like voltaire , rousseau , montesquieu and others were spreading the ideas of human right who culminated in the declarations of the right of man and citizen . 
  and the idea of equality , especially , was * not * something the bourgeoisie wanted . 
  with many populist figures stirring up things , and the agression from european neighbouring countries that did a lot to unify the nation , there was a wind of revolutionary fervor and the whole thing spun out of control with the terror . 
  the inside struggle between the different power factions ( bourgeoisie , monarchists , republicans and a bit later , socialists and imperials ) will last for almost one century after the fall of la bastille , arguably culminating with the [ paris commune ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_commune ) crackdown in 1871 . 
  this is a great day . 
  to celebrate , i exceptionally decided to take a bath and my girlfriend will shave her armpits . 
   how this $ 50b in forced eu-overseen privatization will go . 
  it wo n't reach that amount . 
  the 2011 privatizations were supposed to rise $ 50b too . 
  it brought in $ 7 ~ 8b . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/privatisation-and-debt-lessons-greece-s-fiasco ) it is not going to work . 
  everyone know it and next time , there will be ever less to sell . 
   eu will also feel that due to the difference in size and dependencies , uk can be strongarmed into agreeing with whatever deal is on the table . 
  heh , good luck with that . 
  if there is one thing that can make the brits unite against , no matter the cost , it is adversity from the continent . 
  as a french , it hurts a bit to admit it but when it comes to backbone , the brits are no joke . 
  thank god their cooking is atrocious or i would almost come to respect them . 
   it 's one thing for eu to allow a few medium-sized economies in europe an access to the common market with relatively few strings attached , but it 's another thing altogether to continue doing the same when a major economy leaves . 
  that argument works both ways though . 
  it is one thing to bully greece , it is another to try doing the same with the uk . 
  most of all , it would make the eu looks petty and mean , which would only strengthen eurosceptism . 
  for these reasons , i would oppose as a european citizen any kind of economic sanctions against a uk departure from the eu . 
  if they want to go , let them go . 
  they are still going to go to the continent during hollidays to spend their money anyway and see what does a day without clouds and rains feel like . 
  the day there will be european crisis with france to blame , we will hear the uk media orgasm over the channel . 
  are you so sure of that ? 
  i mean , we are practicing free trade with countries who are not in the eu , why would we not do the same with the uk in the even that it leaves ? 
  my comment was more in general , not excatly adressed to romania . 
  but i will bite : if it is exporting to eu countries , getting in the euro will hurt its exports if it leads to an increase in labor costs in a case of a euro stronger than former romanian currency . 
  i am not saying romania should n't get into the euro . 
  it is a complex issue i know almost nothing about . 
  just saying it is n't a one dimensional problem about debt and fiscal responsability . 
   well krugman 's ability to predict to predict the future in any way is ... questionable at best . 
  or , you know , [ it is n't ] ( http://www.poynter.org/news/mediawire/130485/claim-krugman-is-top-prognosticator-cal-thomas-is-the-worst/ ), 
  you can have economic problems linked with not controlling your currency exchange rate , even without an excess of borrowing . 
  for example , if you export a lot outside the eu and the euro is very strong , that will hurt you more than if you were a net importer . 
  of course , there are advantages of having the euro too . 
  but fiscal irresponsability is only part of the greek suffering . 
  this only half of the answer though . 
  there is also the realization that war of conquests and expansionism does n't make any economic or political sense . 
  the most striking example is japan : went to war to get ressources and despite having 80 % of its cities destroyed , rised to an economic superpower two decades after through trade . 
  it is less costly to buy ressources than trying to conquer them . 
  the economic growth of the second half of the 20th century showed that cooperation and partnership trumps conflicts and land grabbing . 
  ca n't say about the german side of things but traditionally , there had been a lot of germanophilia amongst the french politicians . 
  but recently , more and more voices have been sepaking against german policy , especially in the left . 
  not comparing them to nazis , no but making comparisons with bismarck . 
  now , these comments were criticized by many other politicians but this is a shift compared to the years of gerhard schr\u00f6dher or helmut khol . 
   that us domination of europe has putting an end to european nations fighting each other is fact . 
  the us is not dominating europe ... where did you get that weird idea from ? 
  europe is made of sovereign nations with their own foreign policy . 
  germans and france opposed the un resolution to invade iraq , remember ? 
  and it is only one example out of many . 
   it 's not like britain , france or germany can decide they want to colonize africa yeah , the only thing preventing us from colonizing africa is the usa . 
  sure ... 
   for example , take paul krugman 's nyt pieces since the eurocrisis started : he 's been predicting the total breakdown of the euro since 2009 ( i wish i were kidding ) ... 
  he publicly admitted his error though . 
  and at that time , it was n't that obvious that the ecb was going to make any move to save the euro . 
  that was before mario draghi , where the ecb was increasing the interest rates because it was affraid of inflation ( ! ) . 
  it was a time where people feared that italy was going into a debt crisis . 
  an italy being a lot bigger than greece , it might have been a rough ride for the euro , had it been the case . 
  so krugman was wrong but looking back to that time , i can understand why he reached that conclusion , debt crisis was uncharted territory for the euro at tha time, 
   the only thing maintaining peace in europe is the us military . 
  no , just no . 
  the very idea behind war of conquests and military expansion is seen as outdated and archa\u00efc by every political figure in the european union , not even talking about the will of the people of its nations . 
  the only country who does n't seem to share that idea is russia and the european union is richer and has a stronger military . 
  huh , the french and the british have nukes , the germans do n't . 
  just by itself , they make it a way stronger detterent to an attack to finland than germany ever will . 
  depends what you call `` proved '' . 
  if you read the economist , the answer to that question is obvious . 
  myself , i happen to read economic alternatives , a french economic newspaper who was created as an answer to that very phrase from margaret thatcher . 
  so of course , i have a different point of view on the matter . 
  it is very hard to come to an agreement on what is proven and what is not when two people who come from opposite school of thougts discuss . 
   and historically , france and germany have had a very shaky balance ... 
  the times of wars are past us though . 
  economic rivalry and powerplay is not nice to watch unfolding but that can be overcome . 
  perhaps i am naive but i did n't expect that much cynism and deception from the eurogroup . 
   even approximately , does n't israel deny owning wmds ? 
  it is maintaining a policy what they call `` animout '' in hebrew , which means ambiguity and consist of not dicussing the topic , not actively denying it . 
  and this policy might evolve . 
  a think tank close to the power , the begin sadat center for strategic studies , has published a study arguing that isra\u00ebl should go public with is nuclear weaponry in order to strengthen its nuclear detterence . 
   will the banks reopen ? 
  varoufakis said : `` of course they 'll open !, 
  of course ! '' when will that be ? 
  he replied : `` on tuesday . '' will the banks reopen with or without a deal between greece and its creditors ? 
  varoufakis said : `` with a deal , which is a certainty . '' and from the article :  hl : and in the past week , was that a decision you felt you were leaning towards [ preparing for grexit ] ? 
   yv : my view was , we should be very careful not to activate it . 
  i did n't want this to become a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i did n't want this to be like nietzsche 's famous dictum that if you stare into the abyss long enough , the abyss will stare back at you . 
  but i also believed that at the moment the eurogroup shut out banks down , we should energise this process . 
  he had to be careful with his choice of words . 
  i would n't interpret his talk about the banks as a naive promise rather than trying to avoid that self-fulfilling prophecy he talked about . 
  perhaps not fully honest but you deal with the hand you are given . 
   we felt , the government felt , that we could n't discontinue the process .
