easing refugee rules goes against our assimilation policy , really . 
  it mostly goes against the fact that most french people do n't care about refugees and that they do n't want to pay for the shelter . 
  assimilation policy is linked to the amount of money you put into it , let 's noy try to buy ourselves a clean conscience by saying `` it is not that we do n't want but that we ca n't '' : we just do n't give enough fucks about foreigners to pay to help them . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  the eu [ integration fund ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/financing/fundings/migration-asylum-borders/integration-fund/index_en.htm ) is about 200 million euros a year in a 14 trillion euros economy , which is about 0,0000142 % . 
  most europeans neither want them here , neither want to pay the cost of helping them out here . 
  you can think it is right , you can think it is wrong ... whatever , does n't really matter in the end . 
  but is not a question of capacity , it is a question of will . 
  most relevant username i have ever seen !, 
  yes , you are right , it definitively was n't legal according to new zealand law . 
  but that 's the thing , no intelligence operation can be legal if you look at it this way . 
   at least they 've apologized , even if it took 30 years . 
  that was the french agent apologizing . 
  both new-zealand and france governments reached an agreement through the un in 1986 that included excuses and paid reparations . 
  we fucked up big but at least we did n't try to deny the whole thing . 
   i can never understand the logic of the man who planned and ordered this . 
  according to a book an investigation journalist wrote on the subject , the french ministry of defense had received informations that the rainbow warrior was funded by soviets propagenda agencies to spy on the nuclear trials . 
  whatever that was true or not , i have no idea . 
  anway , that was the reason but i agree with you that the logic was still stupid and nothing justified a black operation on a friendly country . 
  that was a completly disproportional and irresponsible use of force by the state . 
  but it was legal , somehow ... because our secret services are killing terrorists around the world with the same legal framework as the one through which the rainbow warrior attack was authorized . 
  yeah , this world is fucked up . 
   most french , and most of the nazis on this sub probably look at this terrorist attack with pride like large sections of muslims do with their attacks . 
  so many things wrong here : * thanks for grouping us with nazis * everyone in france is condemning the rainbow warrior attack . 
  the french secret service considers this as `` something they should never have done and something the politics should never ask them to do '' * most muslims are terrorists trope . 
  not even going to waste my time arguing here . 
  if european unity means the economic governance of the last years , the transatlantic open trade treaty and the greek crisis management then i do n't want it either . 
  if europe collapses , it is because of europeans . 
  let us not shift the blame on what is happening over in the middle east . 
  what damaged europe so much is that the europe is mostly conservative and that their leaders decided to focus on austerity and inflation during that crisis while they should have focused on unemployment and escaping the liquidity trap . 
  they read that economic crisis completly wrong and that is the main cause of all of this , the refugee crisis is just the utlimate drop on an already full glass . 
  i used to be pro-european until the greek crisis . 
  i am no longer . 
   earliest estimate actually is 2033 , or 2050 . 
  these are wildly irrealistic if you look at the iter timescale . 
   lockheed martin compact fusion it is most likely a scam . 
  [ see this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2jdvzd/is_lockheeds_new_compact_fusion_reactor_concept/ ) and [ that ] ( http://defensetech.org/2014/10/16/scientists-skeptical-of-lockheeds-fusion-breakthrough/ ) i do n't know the other projects but they give me the smae vibes as the lockheed project . 
  inertia fusion is interesting because of what we learn about lasers but as far as nuclear fusion goes for energy production , it looks like a dead end to me . 
  still do n't understand how they are going to collect the energy and at the same type introduce a new target while clearing the fragments of the previous targets , the whole thing 10 times a second . 
   mentioning it merely scares people who are not as knowledgeable on the concept . 
  it is actually fairly important , not because of health risk , but because radiactivity degrades the mechanical properties of the materials . 
  [ see this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutron-induced_swelling ) the durability of iter walls because of radioactivity is one of the biggest issue that nuclear fusion research will have to solve . 
   for those of you who did n't know , fusion power will allow us to produce crazy amounts of energy with only seawater !, 
  a gross over simplification . 
  we are definitively not pouring seawater in the reactor . 
  we are looking for hydrogen and helium isotopes which * are * present in any source of water , including seawater but you have to work a * lot * to separate them and produce nuclear fusion fuel . 
  it is do-able and there is no shortage at all of ressources , that is certain but it really does n't work on water but on difficult to get isotope elements that have to be processed . 
  to be honest , renewable energies have had very little funding during the 20th century because nuclear fission research had been eating most of the research investment for a long time . 
  now , at the 21th century , that has changed and we are spending a lot in r&d projets in renewable but with hindsight , we should have balanced our spending more between nuclear and renewables because renewable tech would have been muc more advanced and competitive today if we had been doing so . 
  spending a little over a long period of time is much more efficient in science than spending a lot in a short time , the same way than 9 women ca n't do a baby in 1 month . 
  but again , we did n't know as much about global warming at the time so we could n't guess that these more expensive energy sources had to be researched . 
  not that i am not agreeing with you here , i think nuclear fusion funding is good andi support it but i do think that it should n't be funded at he expense of renewable energy funding which is very much needed to adress global warming * now * . 
  there are some stupid arguments , mostly about risks , that are completly ignorant of the science behind fusion . 
  the only argument worth discussing is funds allocation . 
  iter is very expensive and money going there is not money going somewhere else where it could be very useful . 
  and nuclear fusion is still a long shot , the earliest estimation for a functional commercial reactor is 2100 and that it if scientits actually manage to put if off , which is n't clear yet . 
  personally , i think it is worth putting the money here but i can understand why some would rather this money being spend in shorter term projects . 
  no , it is n't because there is no such thing as an unstable fusion reaction in a tokamak , it is not at all like a nuclear fusion bomb . 
  the problem with the fusion reactor is actually the exact opposite of chain reaction unstability , it is how difficult it is to get and maintain a fusion reaction . 
  a fission reaction is very easy : you can make one in your backyard , [ it has been done ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_hahn ) . 
  february 2015, 
  what surprised me the most was the amount of casualties . 
  french military intelligence estimated the number of russians soldiers in ukraine last february to be a bit less than one thousand [ source ( in french only , sorry , but very good source ) ] ( http://www.lopinion.fr/blog/secret-defense/petit-millier-militaires-russes-en-ukraine-20965 ) . 
  the amount of casualties would mean that russia had lost about 6 times the amount of people there , which would have been weird . 
   russia isnt a superpower anymore , but they would crush the ukrainian military if they would go all in . 
  that is true but crushing the military is n't the only thing you need to conquer a country , you need to occupy the terrain to enforce martial law and it is dubious the russians have enough soldiers to do that while still protecting the borders of their very big territory . 
   that they ca n't just airstrike the shit out of ukrainian positions as soon as they face resistance . 
  they use a lot of artillery though . 
  and artillery can fire every quickly and with very good precision ( french latest [ caesar mobile artillery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caesar_self-propelled_howitzer ) piece is precise about 1 meter and can shoot one shell every 10 seconds ) the amount of destruction you can achive without air support but with artilley is not to be underestimated . 
  they do n't really have much of a choice . 
  individually , russia is stronger than any european country so it would be strategically stupid to face russia divided rather than united . 
  and if you have to fight russia , it is much better to fight them far from your home than at your border as you have more defensive depth . 
  do you really think that if russia were to invade eastern europe tomorow , countries like germany , the uk or france who have centuries of experience in warfare are not going to realize that refusing to fight is endangering their own defensive position ? 
  and do people think that france and the uk who have been very active militarily speaking these last two decade are going to sit this one out ? 
  really ? 
  personally , i know for a fact by reading french military specialists articles that french high command considers any attack against a nato country as a point of no return . 
   french security guarantees backed up by large and well equipped armies have such a solid history right ? 
  making parallels with past history when the world has changed so much since the advent of nuclear weapons and the fall of the berlin wall is just being ignorant . 
   i think eastern europe does n't have any particularly compelling reasons to rely on the west europeans for security guarantees . 
  yeah , because the european union is enough proof that we only care about our nationalistic self , contrary to the us that entered european affairs in 1917 , 3 years after wwi had started and in december 1941 , 2 years after ww ii start . 
  talking about history is nice , understanding it is better . 
   would you mind answering me this question than - would you sacrifice your capital for poland ? 
  because it is the issue . 
  if lets say warsaw got nuked and french president nuked russia in return next target would be paris . 
  would you sacifice your whole biggest city for some hellhole where your plumbers live ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the moment russia is using a strategical nuclear weapon on a city , the fate of warsaw does n't fucking matter anymore . 
  because all nato is firing their ballistic missiles because they would no longer think russia is unwilling to use its nuclear weapons as offensive tools . 
  and the moment nuclear weapons cease to be a deterrent , your best chance is shooting first and hoping to destroy enemy nuclear carrying vectors before they shoot too . 
  it is not a good chance at all , especially because locating and destroying nuclear submarines before they launch is almost impossible but it is still a better shot than waiting for * them * to launch . 
  and if they are crazy to nuke warsaw , they * will * launch . 
  so if warsaw get nuked , all the western world get nuked . 
  so it really does n't matter if i am willing to sacrifice my capital for poland or not . 
  the moment the wheels start to fall off with nuclear weapons , there is no coming back . 
   but there is additional element , noone touches a country with us military , because us values their people , so this nuking thin isnt even on the table . 
  til france and uk do n't value their people ... they will use their nukes for the very same reason as france and the uk would do in such a situation . 
  this is the essence of mad strategy . 
   also ukraine gets rekt with conventional welfare , russians can steamroll polan in a week with conventional weapons , the russian military is nowhere near the level of readiness to attack and occupy poland . 
  they could prepare for it but that would be impossible to notice . 
  i am not the one saying this but pavel baev , a geopolitical expert on the russian military ( only source in french sadly ) .
