  not partisan at all . 
   just from adding the numbers , two thirds of germany 's exports are already out of the eu . 
  france ( 28 ) + uk ( 23 ) + italy ( 15 ) =  66 % of exports inside the eu ... by the way , your figures are weird as the sum is bigger than 100 % ... 
   as this graph demonstrates you can make a similar graph for almost all european countries though . 
  debt has been increasing for all europe since the 80s and it is correlated with the rise of unemployment too . 
   once again the un confirms itself as totally useless and dysfunctional ... 
  barely 70 years have passed since its creation and the end of an era of total wars , only 25 after the end of the cold war . 
  give it time . 
  worse case scenario , what is it to lose ? 
  we ca n't be better off without a place for nations to talk with each other . 
   you do n't even seem to understand what austerity means . 
  calm down please . 
  your way of speaking is very patronizing and i did n't adress you that way when i first answer your post . 
  i wish that to be mutual . 
  you are talking a lot about reforms . 
  thing is that this word can mean whatever you want . 
  tsipras is talking about reforms , too . 
  everyone is using that word as a king of magic deus ex machina . 
  but how would that work in practice ? 
  for example , the pensions . 
  ok , the guys who went to retirement too soon . 
  what would achieve cutting their pensions down to making them back to work ? 
  there is no work for them !, 
  tax evasion . 
  we could talk about how greece should tax the rich , especially the ship-owners . 
  but they have the money to pay for the legal tax evasion or go out of the country . 
  that kind of tax evasion , no country in europe is doing so good against it . 
  our own head of parliament was the head of state of a country that profited ( and still does ) massively from tax evasion !, 
  taxing the normal people , then ? 
  ok and this is what they should come to in the end . 
  but what would that achieve in the short run ? 
  people who had x euros in spare through tax evasion no longer have that x euros to spend . 
  instead , the government has now x euros to spend : this is a zero sum game . 
  the benefits of taxes is redistributing for public services and what does greece have left for public services ? 
  the water and power companies ? 
  the ports ? 
  all public goods sold for a fraction of their price despite * being profitable * . 
  there is no reform that is going to make things happen with those levels of unemployment and no possibility to get a competitive edge through monetary policy . 
  if by reforms , you mean destroying the social safety net at the moment where it is the most desesperatly needed , then i do n't think it will achieve anything . 
   by now i 'm pretty sure that the eu would probably agree to even a detailed plan with less austerity . 
  i do n't think so . 
  too many politicians have engaged in heavy rethoric about greece . 
  if there was an agreement , they would fear the backfiring . 
   one thing most of people like you seem to miss is that there is no alternative to austerity for greece . 
  why ? 
  why is debt relief that much outside of the question ? 
  european states bought back the greek debt to the banks to avoid a european bank crash after the crisis : that objective has been achieved . 
  do they really think they will get their money back from greece ? 
  i can understand that some may feel that it would be like letting the greeks off the hook too easily . 
  and for all i know , it might be true . 
  but how greece is supposed to get out of this economic disaster ? 
  people talk about tax evasion but getting more tax money is going to depress internal consumption too on the short run and if that money is used to repay european debt ( meaning flowing out of the country ) , it is n't going to bring back growth or reduce unemployment ... with all their educated youth fleeing the country because of unemployment , i do n't see how things are going to get better in the future . 
  the european unon is not going to get their money back on the greek debt . 
  why not accept it and make debt relief then ? 
  i mean , outside of the political cost ? 
  if the answer to that question is the fear of italy , portugal , spain going the same way , then i am affraid you are just delaying the problem . 
   i will go to my bank where i have mortgage , i will tell them i can not make money because i spend money paying it , so i wo n't pay , and then i will ask them what their proposals are . 
  states are not individuals and state debt is not the same thing at all as an individual debt . 
  for example , there is no advantage to be in debt for an individual and , on contrary , it can be detrimental to have no debts for a country because debts is also a way for a bank to issue liquidity . 
  not saying all debt is good , just saying that national debts is a complicate subjects which does not fit itself to oversimplification . 
  macro economy is not just micro upscaled . 
  huh , i am not sure i am understing things right here . 
  what is a director in the ministry of education ? 
  does that mean a director of school or something like a secretary ? 
  yeah , you did it way better when texas had banking problem in the 80s ( no sarcasm ) =  [ see here ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/06/17/what-a-real-external-bank-bailout-looks-like/ ) . 
  i watch john oliver show on youtube so i know you guys have your share of social issues but your federal state is working not so bad , all things considered . 
  definitively better than our so-called european `` union '' . 
   what are european values , if there ca n't even be agreement now ? 
  be like germany , meaning freezing your wages to get a competitive edge and run a positive trade balance . 
  there is no value to speak of anymore , economics is the core of the union . 
  that is about the only economic plan the european commission have . 
  everyone knows that it is impossible for everyone to run a trade surplus but they hope that their own country will be the one who win ins this game and that it will be their neighbours who will tank . 
  the fact that it is a main cause of the deflation and weak recovery is not something they want to hear as the words `` stimulus '' and `` spendings '' are now banned from the european union . 
  in this neo-mercantilist game , there will be one winner : germany . 
  for the rest of us , there is no hope in sight . 
  edit : to the downvoters , feel free to discuss ... like it or not , this is the heart of the reforms made in france , italy , uk ... it is all about relative competitiveness towards their european neighbours who are their biggest trade partners . 
  it is not especially anti-german either . 
  germans are doing what is good for them , that is understandable . 
  but that does n't mean it is positive for the rest of the union . 
  you should read the interview i linked to : it answers your question . 
  to summarize , the war was the cause of the debt , not the reason there was debt relief . 
  so for greece , debt relief is not needed because of ww3 but because it is the best economic move to do . 
  this is not necessarily correct . 
  for example , if you have a that has a debt to b of amount 100 , himself having a debt of 100 to c and c having the same debt to a. 
  in a situation of crisis , people may find themself unable to repay their interest and a default thus making b and c default . 
  but overall , you can see that a just have to forgive c that forgives b that forgives a. 
  and thus the economy recovers much more quickly that if there had been austerity . 
  of course , it is a great oversimplification of the debt relief process . 
  but this is the core idea behind it . 
   ruined greece yeps , all by himself , in 6 months . 
  sure ... 
   the whole idea that greece is somehow entitled to a get out of jail free card is ridiculous . 
  why ? 
  germany , france , england and many other countries used to have their debts restructured through debt relief after the world wars [ see this ] ( https://medium.com/@gavinschalliol/thomas-piketty-germany-has-never-repaid-7b5e7add6fff ) the fact that we are treating this like a moral problem ( `` out of jail free card '' ) and not like a purely economical problem is why we are failing so hard at this crisis . 
   according to recent polls in germany sch\u00e4uble is on an alltime high of 70 % trust ahead of merkel . 
  mercantilism has always been a popular economic theory . 
  but there is a reason for it to have been discarded . 
  hopefully , germans will realize the ill effects of the mercantilists policy of schauble and its predecessors but i doubt it . 
  juncker ... the guy who was the head of state of luxembroug when it was committing fiscal evasion on a massive scale , is now lecturing greece . 
  it would be golden if it was n't so dramatic .
