   we would need to stand 3 months so last enough to recieve military help from us . 
  you would receive help from germany and france within 72 hours , the time to load our tanks on rails and ferry them to the east . 
   this also doesnt apply when there are nato bases here since noone touches a country with nato bases . 
  no one touches a country within nato , period , military bases or not . 
   it seems that you do n't know how russia works . 
  the rule is ancient old and countries that feel safe have forgotten about . 
  we did n't . 
  this is irrelevant . 
  military power and political will are what matters here and western europe is fully commited to its nato engagements when it come to defending its nation members . 
  saying the opposite is completly ignoring the geostrategic behind the nuclear powers of europe which are france and the uk : your nuclear weapons are only as good a deterrent as long as you show that you are willing to back up your words with conventional forces . 
  that 's why it is unthinkable for france and uk to not fight for the smallest nato country . 
   the more equipment we have the more safe we are . 
  this applies also to nato bases . 
  this is true when it comes to conventional warfare . 
  it is not when it comes to nuclear warfare , which is the only way russia is currently threatening europe . 
  russia is not a credible conventional threat to the european union , military bases in poland or not . 
  exactly . 
  everyone is looking at the european forces state and do n't seem to realize that the downsizing of our military is very much linked to the massive loss of power of the russian military since the fall of the berlin wall . 
  i am not so sure permanent military base is going to increase the safety of the region tbh . 
  nato military advantage over russia is so overwhelming that if it its current stance is not a sufficient deterrent , it is unlikely a few more military bases are going to change anything . 
  on the other hand , it might fuel the russian nationalists parano\u00efa even further . 
  i am not scared of the russian military as the balance of power is so much less favourable to them than it was the time of the warsow pact . 
  but the possibility that the russians become so parano\u00efd and scarec of nato power that they make something stupid is what worries me . 
  see [ 1983 soviet nuclear false alarm incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1983_soviet_nuclear_false_alarm_incident ) , [ able archer 83 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/able_archer_83 ) and [ norwegian rocket incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_rocket_incident ) we already went fairly close to nuclear war by accident in the past and i do n't think any more military bases in eastern europe is going to change the fact that any conventional conflict is overwhelmingly in favor of nato . 
  however , it very well might increase the chances of nuclear warfare though , with much more dire consequences . 
  you are forgetting that we are talking about the event russian invasion here , it is no small time operation in africa . 
  the kind of military operation that is the very reason of nato existence and what * all * of european militaries have been spending decades planning and preparing for . 
  the idea that europe will act divided against such an existential threat is not realistic at all . 
  if we were the agressors , it would surely be the case but when it comes to defending against a war of agression , there is nothing more uniting . 
  so , every european military is going to send forces , not just the uk . 
  also , projection outside of europe is indeed european military weakest point but projection is not needed in a defensive war where you can ferry troops by railways and trucks . 
  finally , if you look at the european military weaknesses when it comes to readiness levels , you should take a look at russian ones : they are worse . 
  huh , yes it is . 
  coordinating tens of thousands is nothing difficult , it starts becoming difficult with hundreds of thousands and even then it is manageable by european high command . 
  where do you get the ideas that somehow europeans generals ca n't do warfare but russians do ? 
   an eu army would n't necessarily react with the same absolute resolve if outlying nations were invaded . 
  france , uk , and germany would certainly take action because if not , they would send a message that they are affraid of russian nuclear power , which in turn would throw away the deterrent power of their nuclear weapons ( germany does n't have nukes but they are on the same wavelength as uk and france on that issue ) , which is just unacceptable . 
  for european nuclear weapons to be ffective deterrents , europeans big states have to act as if all of the euopean borders are to be secured with conventional forces . 
  at the very least , it is the position of french high command and ruling politicians and i am 90 % sure english and germans share that strategic mind as it is the only one that makes sense in that era of nuclear weapons . 
   additionally , russia has a strong military tradition that ca n't be discounted . 
  it is strong but europe as a whole is far stronger , by something like a factor of 3 in spending alone . 
   some of the best tech comes from there for a reason - they are currently the ones launching rockets to the iss ... they are n't behind on military tech when it comes to systems that have actually been tested in the real world . 
  there is a difference between producing and selling military hrdware and depolying it within your own armed forces . 
  russian top of the line hardware is good but so is the european one and we have been upgrading our weapons on a much wider scale than the russians who only ckeep the very best stuff for their elite troops . 
  the russians have been underfounded for almost 15 years . 
  that is a huge gap in capacity to fill and they simply are not riche enough to keep up with european spending , even with the european inefficicency of spreading our spending in many multiple national armies . 
   i agree . 
  the only thing i think could be an issue however is who would take the lead role on military action once we pulled out ? 
  actually , this is a point of not much concern actually . 
  the european militaries command are fairly used to work together thanks to nato and when it comes to war and existential threats , governments are a lot more realistics than when there is peace ( sadly so btw ) . 
  also , strategically speaking , there is n't a need for a lot of imagination : any war would be purely defensive as invading russia would trigger nuclear annihilation so it is just a matter of going east , taking back the lost ground and holding the line . 
  in this kind of war where you ca n't push for a strategical victory , the richer and most powerful belligerent has the advantage the longer the conflict draws . 
  well , he could have voiced better but the us could pull out tommorow and europe would still be very much able to defend itself . 
  the warsow pact is over and the russia military has weakened considerably as the tech gap has grown a lot wider , not even accounting for training . 
  europe is more populated , richer and has a geographic advantage over russia as it has only has its eastern border to defend contrary to russia who has china and the us for a neighbour on the east . 
  if you look at numbers , you will see that that europe has as much hardware and soldiers as russia with a real difference in quality . 
   instead , this money goes to muslims . 
  muslims , the primary trouble makers , the primary terrorists , the primary cave-men thinking morons that plague this fucking planet . 
  spreading their extremism to places like indonesia , malaysia , turning what were once at least semi-normal places into moronic hell holes . 
  the typical hallmark of a muslim-thinking populace . 
  that 's it , time to get out of this sub . 
  not very likely . 
  if it was an english castle though , you would probably be up to something . 
  as a french , this just gave me a boner . 
  well played . 
   i hate to say it , but that statement proves you 're unfamiliar with scientific progress and the scientific method in general . 
  quite the contrary . 
  the thing is that we are moving into epistemiologic here . 
  karl popper demonstrated that no scientific theory could be absolutely demonstrated : you can only accumulate scientific evidences in its favor while it can be disapproved by only one piece of contradictory evidence . 
  for popper , we do not demonstrate theories , we demonstrate * confidence * , which brings you into your second point . 
   not all studies are created equal either , so you ca n't just bring up paper `` x '' and say `` well here 's a paper contradicting your paper , so there has to be more to this debate '' . 
  good thing i did n't then . 
  what is said is this : here 's a paper contradicting your paper , so there ** might ** to be more to this debate '' . 
   what i 'm trying to convey is that spacemanpiff made a claim , provided `` evidence '' ( that meta-analysis ) and since you 're the one disputing it the onus is on you to prove why he 's wrong . 
  only if am a proponent of a theory or a scientific statement myself . 
  which is not the case here . 
  i provided the paper to make room for a debate , not to say that he is wrong and that i am right . 
   quoting part of an article does n't even come close to proof . 
  true but i was n't here to prove a point , just rising a challenge . 
   instead , you should point out the flaws ( flawed inclusion criteria , flawed statistical analysis etc. ), 
  in his meta-analysis and show why your paper is more credible . 
  this probably requires an extensive scientific background in gmo research though . 
  this would have been better but i do n't have that background . 
  nevertheless , i do n't think that providing seemingly contradictory data and rising challenges should only be limited to the field expert . 
  as long as you are not stating but questionning with an open mind and intesterest for truth , anyone can ( and in my view , should ) enter the scientific debate . 
   in fact , i do n't know of a single discipline where this is n't the case . 
  mathematics , as it is a fully logical process . 
  even when they are mistakes , they are always unacknowledged mistakes ( meaning they can be corrected ) which is different of uncertainty in all other scientific fields which is related to our limited capacity of observation . 
  i am not sure if i get what you are saying here . 
   vi think the onus is on you to explain why your paper makes things does n't look as black and white . 
  / u/spacemanpiff made a very strong statement : gm food is more productive . 
  if it was true in the sense of a scientific fact , there should be no paper contradicting that fact : as i found one , it means that it needs more investigation in the matter before declaring that it is indeed black and white . 
  and i quoted the relevant part of the article . 
  so i am not sure what you think i should have done here instead ? 
  i did my first at 8 in my catholic private school . 
  was a bit surprised when the priest showed me his dick but it was defintively eductional . 
  ^ ( this is meant as a joke , i * did * go in catholic private school though . ), 
  i think that there is no universal answer to that because it heavily depends on the soil , what you are growing and the size of the farm . 
  fertilizers , pesticides and gmo are probably the most profitable if you have very big farms of cerals and corns on a very good quality soild . 
  i think that if you have a medium-sized farm , are growing vegetables on a regular or poor soil , the economical logic might be very different .
