  the us , britain and france were stalin 's allies . 
  this is an objective , empirical fact . 
  they toiled to their best capacity to ensure russian survival and russian victory . 
  they poured countless resources into russia . 
  the us undertook its biggest military mobilization ever to attack russia 's main aggressor . 
  again , what is there to wonder about ? 
  why did stalin 's allies and friends give him half of europe ? 
  russia started another war in europe . 
  western europe wants to ally with russia again . 
  some kind of cosmic joke . 
  literally russophilia and treason . 
  what if ... 
  are they really going to hunt down these glittering star children and tread on their holy rights ? 
  is this how europe ends ? 
  not with a bang but with a routine interrogation ? 
  does this have to become literally a daily thing before someone does something ? 
  this tactic should have its own name and wikipedia page . 
   all russian leaders were whatever suits this particular argument best . 
  funny thing is the guy who drew it might end up looking like that pretty soon with the way things are going . 
  also , this thread already reeks of desperation . 
  forced bravado is usually a sign of impotent fear . 
  reminds me of that scene from scorsese 's cape fear where sam was in the middle of psychologically stroking himself when the [ phone rings and they all jump ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3t6sux/germany_v_netherlands_football_friendly_stadium/ ) . 
  apparently merkel was supposed to be there ... did germany bring a single suspicious person in for routine questioning after the paris massacre ? 
  i 'm asking because if the police in bucharest received enough complaints from my neighbors that i was abusing my wife and that i was recently seen buying a large body bag and some rope , it would n't take long for them to bring me in . 
  but having multiple intelligence agencies from multiple countries pointing individual people and their locations out for you , this does n't warrant a run of the mill questioning ... because ? 
  it 's hilarious when leftists call others bloodthirsty or whatnot . 
  you 're the ones with one of the most perplexing death cults of all time . 
  allow potentially countless people to die rather than legally escorting someone to the local police station for a normal conversation . 
   russia was taken over by russians, 
  not at all !, 
  no russians ever deserved to die . 
  you are all cosmic children appointed by god himself to do as you please on this earth . 
  i sure hope so . 
  not so much , he was a consequence of losing the war . 
  of course , no russians were ever culpable of anything . 
  ordinary russians are just poor victims of fortune who have been mysteriously plagued by the most psychopathic leaders in human history ever since they started existing for reasons that continue to elude our best investigative efforts . 
  they are simple people who just want potato at the end of the day and are in no way responsible for russia 's foreign policy . 
  plus stalin was georgian anyway . 
  why dwell on the past ? 
  let me tell you what andrew jackson did !, 
  one of the main purposes of the eu has been to anesthetize and demilitarize individual nations , to keep them off the international stage for so long that the general population would start to think of war as antiquated or exotic . 
  and the ( ridiculous ) idea of mutual defense has been one of the main driving forces behind this process . 
  being literally told that a guy is up to no good and not even bringing him in for questioning . 
  almost everything isis has said and done so far has been very logical from their point of view . 
  calling them mindless terrorists is comforting to westerners but it 's not true . 
  they 're not russians . 
  another example of malignant humanism where human rights have successfully trumped human lives . 
  general patton explained it . 
  [ that did n't take long ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jzudv/lesbos_on_verge_of_explosion_as_refugees_crowd/cutqrjj?context=3 ) . 
  in any sane universe merkel would be tried and convicted for high treason , and the eu would be deemed a criminal organization and dissolved . 
  excellent . 
  let 's hope the current one will do the same soon . 
  military `` force '' is irrelevant when fighting a non-conventional enemy like insurgents . 
  trying what ? 
  to cross the nistru in 90-92 ? 
  russia is currently stuck in ukraine . 
  isis resembles an actual army to a greater degree than the ukrainian volunteer battalions that have so far been holding russia off . 
  come to think of it , isis resembles and army to a greater degree than the russian army . 
  anyone expecting anything other than lots of beheaded russians is delusional . 
  it 's not frozen . 
  [ this happened ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3qphb5/peoples_council_of_bessarabia_has_proclaimed/ ) just a few days ago . 
  and in europe . 
  seeing how it coincides with the moldovan government being dismissed i do n't know how it can be anything other than the next russian move and a continuation of the war in ukraine . 
  help russia speed things up ? 
   regional power, 
  you 'd rather not risk anything for any number of people when it comes to russia . 
  we know . 
  your allegiance to russia is legendary , both in general and in this particular comment , so i wo n't make any serious attempt to answer that ridiculous question . 
  but just to humor you for a bit : how can i blame the west ? 
  i do n't know , the fact that the ussr was a terrorist state and by the time the war started it had already committed many atrocities , and some unprovoked invasions and annexations ? 
  it 's expansionist , destructive and antihuman tendencies being obvious as early as 1919 ? 
  i was gon na say , at least the west did n't help the russians again . 
  and the world stood idle . 
  the way to mariupol is blocked by azov . 
  odessa and kharkiv have been largely purged of russian sympathizers . 
  putin is probably waiting to open another front from transnistria and/or crimea . 
  the protests in moldova should blow up soon . 
  regardless of whether this was his original plan or not , it would be tremendously stupid not to take the opportunity . 
  russians should n't even bother publishing these . 
  there are enough westerners that worship them and will continue doing so no matter who they invade and what they annex . 
  that 's close to what i 'm saying but the crucial part of my argument that you did n't seem to get is not so much that nato did n't do anything but that western stock seems to be almost genetically submissive to russia and incapable of even pronouncing its name without peeing a little . 
  it is therefore not only reasonable but imperative for me and anyone with a frontal lobe to question the claim that nato will come to anyone 's aid when russia attacks , seeing how nato is not an autonomous ai that will mobilize robotic troops that will do its bidding no matter what . 
  and the current government has about as much legitimacy as isis , probably even less . 
  you can easily silence me by refuting my claims . 
   the german democratic republic was established in the soviet zone , while the federal republic was established in the three western zones . 
  the east was often described as a satellite state of the soviet union . 
  soviet occupation authorities began transferring administrative responsibility to german communist leaders in 1948 , and the gdr began to function as a state on 7 october 1949 . 
  soviet forces , however , remained in the country throughout the cold war . 
  the gdr established the ministry for state security , or `` stasi '' , which aided the soviet army in suppressing uprisings in 1953 . 
  until 1989 , the gdr was governed by the socialist unity party ( sed ) , though other parties nominally participated in its alliance organisation , the national front of democratic germany . 
  nope , totally not the ussr . 
  they were just `` pro-russian '' . 
   have you ever considered that so many people tell you that because you 're a moron spouting utter shit and dismissing all reasonable disgareement as russophilia ? 
  probably not , because you 're a paranoid whackjob . 
  if they were telling me that along with providing evidence that would refute my claims , i would consider it . 
  however , that has n't even happened once so far . 
  probably because said evidence does n't exist . 
  again , to anyone reading this :  let 's see , can your provide a single example of a single western soldier receiving and following an order to fire a single ballistic projectile in the direction of a single russian soldier in response to a single russian land grab or massacre in the past 70 years ? 
  there have been plenty of those , should n't be too difficult . 
  i mean outside the handful of cases of mistaken identity in korea and vietnam where a few planes got shot down , and no border incidents where someone dropped a grenade or whatever .
