  reposting what i said [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hai1w/intense_artillery_duel_rocks_ukraines_coastal/cu649js ) :  is n't he escalating anyway ? 
  the west repeatedly said they 're writing russia another blank check . 
  if this was supposed to be a frozen conflict , it would 've been frozen months ago , with un peacekeepers and everything . 
  ukrainian troops have been dying almost every day since nothing 2 was announced at minsk . 
  what are people waiting for ? 
  what are they afraid of ? 
  russia is all in anyway . 
  it 's only a matter of time . 
   furthermore , it was ukrainian escalation ( by nationalist volunteers since the ua was n't even allowed to fight after crimea got annexed ) that prevented odessa from being captured last year and it is the same attitude that has kept mariupol and kharkiv out of russian hands for now . 
  massive amounts of russian collaborators were/are arrested in kharkiv and azov has been holding shyrokyne with an iron grip . 
  it was the same escalation that created the debaltseve pocket last year and almost split the russian-occupied donbas in half . 
   ** the front line looks the way it does , still pretty good for ukraine , purely because of ukrainian escalation , not in spite of it ** . 
  it 's scandalous that poroshenko has n't declared state of war and martial law yet , and is instead entertaining the idea of legitimizing russian aggression by changing the constitution of ukraine . 
  absolutely shameful , his status as an outright traitor is confirmed and he will be removed very soon . 
  the only way out of the war is for all russian military presence in ukraine to be exterminated and all civilian pro-russian elements to be stifled . 
  by representing and manifesting their wishes instead of the wishes of those who voted for them . 
  the eu 's refusal to address simple , common sense issues and continuous snubbing of its own fucking citizens in favor of foreigners can only have one end result . 
  it seems to be a thing they do . 
  i remember reading they even stole porcelain toilets from people 's houses in chechnya . 
  is n't this an act of war ? 
  til that during the hungarian revolution of 1956 , the west stood idle and allowed russia to trample hungary just like literally ever time russia attacked europe in the 20th century and this continued well into the 21st century all the way to the current war in ukraine . 
  edit : i do n't know how * idle * turned into * idea * . 
   truce, 
  and [ here 's some scary footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dc_xkynzk1m ) of ukrainian soldiers under tank fire , no gore though . 
  transnistria continues to exist because of romanian cowardice , not russian efforts . 
  it 's the russian army ... 
  they could n't cross the nistru in 1990-1992 . 
   and for his generals to put down this insurrection before russia makes it unwinnable . 
  they 've been doing a terrible job so far . 
  azov and the rest of the volunteers are doing most of the heavy lifting . 
  is n't he escalating anyway ? 
  the west repeatedly said they 're writing russia another blank check . 
  if this was supposed to be a frozen conflict , it would 've been frozen months ago , with un peacekeepers and everything . 
  ukrainian troops have been dying almost every day since nothing 2 was announced at minsk . 
  what are people waiting for ? 
  what are they afraid of ? 
  russia is all in anyway . 
  it 's only a matter of time . 
  furthermore , it was ukrainian escalation ( by nationalist volunteers since the ua was n't even allowed to fight after crimea got annexed ) that prevented odessa from being captured last year and it is the same attitude that has kept mariupol and kharkiv out of russian hands for now . 
  massive amounts of russian collaborators were/are arrested in kharkiv and azov has been holding shyrokyne with an iron grip . 
  it was the same escalation that created the debaltseve pocket last year and almost split the russian-occupied donbas in half . 
  the front line looks the way it does , still pretty good for ukraine , purely because of ukrainian escalation , not in spite of it . 
  why has n't poroshenko declared state of war and martial law yet ? 
  communist russophilic scum being communist russophilic scum . 
  none of those were attacks . 
  they were just having a bit of fun . 
  stop warmongering . 
  [ just now ] ( https://twitter.com/marqs__/status/621621997030780929 ) . 
   i mean are you one of those people who thinks about things like consequence ? 
  how am i supposed to enjoy myself idling away at one of bucharest 's countless red lights in my 1995 bmw m5 ? 
  how am i supposed to feel like a top predator of the urban jungle after waiting tables in turin for a year ? 
  how am i supposed to feel like i am spearheading my country 's sociocultural progress by haunting bars and chain smoking all my disposable income ? 
  how am i supposed to feel like russian colonialism ended in 1989 while sucking on merkel 's stiletto ? 
  how am i supposed to be in the mood for stupid zingers when the eu is collapsing and russia is knocking at my door ? 
   how am i supposed to do any of that if i think about consequence ? 
   prophets  tinfoils  doom you sound like a caricature of yourself . 
  as if it would take a prophet to tell that the eu is about to fall apart and that russia will push beyond ukraine . 
   gee tainttickling you 've been reading the same catastrophic news as me but instead of putting on your navy blue tracksuit and stuffing your face with barbecued pig napes and shitty beer and continuing to be a clueless idiot you actually used your brain for 2 seconds !, 
  what are you , some kind of * prophet * ? 
  ignorance is the last refuge . 
  [ faster than i thought ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3d19je/full_list_of_reforms_greece_must_pass_by_this/ct0xvji?context=3 ) . 
  and not to take anything away from the azov boys , they 've been holding shyrokyne like nobody 's business , but i think that this is what russia is waiting for . 
  and how can you convince me that romania being slightly less poor than it was 30 years has anything to do with the eu ? 
  greeks will lay it out for you shortly . 
  i would also like to add that this same exact brand of insufferable arrogance and dumb fuck self-assuredness , not just money and politics , was one of the main reasons why the ukrainian war started . 
  ca n't tell if this is some very subtle trolling but romania and serbia are currently indistinguishable in terms of everything . 
  what does it say about the eu when a country that joined in 2007 and did literally everything merkel said is currently identical to a country that is not part of the eu , has imposed no austerity measures , has complied to no eu demands * and * was/is recovering from a major war ? 
  would n't that be the opposite of helping ? 
  especially since serbia is not a normal country . 
  in fact , it 's almost a failed state . 
  how can the eu be the best thing that ever happened to romania if the average romanian and the average serb lead pretty much the same exact life ? 
  would n't that mean that 8 years of being in the eu has actually caused stagnation ? 
  also , i 'm sure that i speak for many people when i say i 'm sick to my stomach of western european arrogance , abuse and self-imposed `` martyrdom '' and i can not wait for the day the atlantic swallows that historically irrelevant dead weight west of the czech republic . 
  i 'm not the one implying it . 
  yes , an i clearly had no clue how russia 's backyard works right before maidan . 
  a war that will get 10 times worse before it gets any better , by the way . 
  reading some of these comments . 
  holy christ . 
  there are people who literally believe this is over and greece will do what merkel said . 
  it 's like you 're all naked , virginal children born this morning . 
  what happened in ukraine ? 
  people got tired of russia , ousted their puppets and russia started a war in return . 
   greece is expected to pass reforms demanded by the eurozone by wednesday . 
  enjoy your revolution . 
  edit : [ relevant ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjx3ijuveaay28m.jpg ) . 
   agreement reached yeah no . 
  if tsipras does n't leave the eu , never mind if he actually considers doing what merkel said , greeks will starts rioting . 
  wars have been started for much less , see ukraine . 
  i offer to unconditionally fuck the eu . 
  not really . 
  serbia and croatia ( it joined just 2 years ago ) look nearly identical to all former soviet republics that joined the eu . 
  and that whole area saw a series of monstrous wars basically yesterday . 
  how can it be the best thing that happened to romania if a romanian can cross the danube and live pretty much the same life in serbia and vice versa ? 
  if anything this is proof of harm the eu has done . 
  romania had no major wars after the fall of the ussr - although the transnistrian war and the romanian victory , stopping the russians from crossing the nistru , should never be understated - joined the eu in 2007 , did literally everything merkel said , ** and it looks almost identical to serbia ** ; a country that was part of the most gruesome european armed conflict since ww2 , is not part of the eu and has never imposed any austerity measures . 
  fuck the eu . 
   succeeded, 
  this is a coup and a declaration of war . 
  the * least * tsipras could do is leave the eu . 
  fuck the eu .
