  it 's a criminal organization . 
  rip eu as soon as greece leaves and everybody notices that your brain wo n't explode and your family wo n't get cholera if you leave , everyone in the east will start questioning things , with only one inevitable conclusion . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  me volunteering wo n't change much without broader things happening first . 
  that 's what will happen if they agree to the reforms too . 
  i mean the end results to the average greek would be about the same . 
  the only difference being recovering outside the eu would be much faster . 
  unlike merkel , greeks are not shameless psychopaths . 
  greece leaving the eu would have no real effect on greece but it will do a lot of damage to the eu . 
  doing damage to someone else purely out of spite is not in the greek dna . 
  the end results are much the same . 
  not russophilia . 
  russophilia : no alternatives, 
  this is the eternal excuse the west has used when it came to stopping russian wars and a large part of the reason why russia invaded ukraine . 
  the alternative is the elimination of all russian troops in ukraine . 
  because this is n't even `` strengthening defences along the rest of the border '' , merkel and hollande are asking ukraine to give donbass self-rule . 
  which would actually weaken the ukrainian defenses along its border and make further russian incursions a lot easier . 
  blank check nr . 
  14234 that the west is giving to russia . 
  it 's also completely disgusting to invoke doing it under the pretense that you want to avoid further violence . 
  if you wanted to avoid violence you would 've prevented russia from invading ukraine . 
  if you want to avoid further violence now , the best thing to do is eliminate all russian troops in ukraine , including crimea . 
  is it true that black people actually chuck spears ? 
  stomach-turning russophilia and treason . 
  fuck the eu . 
  it 's ... not true anywhere . 
   the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from african american public life . 
   the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from russian public life . 
   the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from jewish public life . 
   the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from chinese public life . 
    the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from immigrant public life . 
  any one of these statements would 've brought fire and brimstone down on whoever would 've written them . 
  nice dehumanization there . 
  say that about russia and see what happens . 
  [ is this real life ? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/traynorbrussels/status/620237830707654656 )  key point is do everything we say . 
  at least impotently jump up and down and say something about bootstraps . 
  do n't make it * that * obvious that you have no rebuttal . 
  other people 's abysmal standards of living , lack of a spine and complete subordination to whatever merkel says is not an argument for anything . 
  not at all . 
  it was just a thing that i have n't seen brought up before . 
  the whole subhuman thing , for starters . 
  maybe this is not the right thing to say in this thread and considering the current war in ukraine , it may not be the right thing to say now anyway ... but : does anyone else find it at least a bit ironic , not like laugh-out-loud zany state of affairs , but you know just a tad ironic like nothing more than an internal chuckle type of thing , that after ww2 all wars in europe had slavs as the common denominator ? 
  because you know ... what hitler said about them ? 
  just me ? 
  i 'm assuming that tsipras is still looking for a deal since staying in the eurozone and the eu is almost exclusively in the eu 's best interest right now . 
  so rather than make a completely selfish and destructive decision , like the eu has done countless times in the past , he 's trying to get something that will benefit both parties . 
  the eu and eurozone stay intact in exchange for a modicum of humility - which is the real problem here , not money - from the eu . 
  greece could have , and probably should have , left both the eurozone and the eu years ago . 
  but that would 've mainly hurt the eu and done basically no damage to greece . 
  and since greece and the former eastern bloc nations are still under the illusion that the eu is a union that they are part of , rather than a clique of bigots , loan sharks and russophile communists , it just did n't seem like a sensible decision . 
  part of me wishes you were right though . 
  just out of morbid curiosity , i want to see how badly the eu can ruin greece . 
  i want to see how much abuse they can hurl your way and get away with it . 
  we 're already seeing declarations of war . 
  `` end the privilege of the orthodox church '' . 
  if britain said * end the privilege of the catholic church * to ireland , northern ireland would 've been on fire that evening . 
  if germany said * end the privilege of islam in the balkan peninsula * to turkey ... i dread to think what would happen . 
  clientelism would be hard to reduce in normal conditions and basically impossible to reduce in the current situation . 
  many businesses rely on it now , particularly ones related to tourism . 
  tourism being one of the main reasons greeks are not eating their shoes yet . 
  even if greece did n't have a clientelism problem , the financial crisis would 've created one and would 've made it impossible for it to be resolved without returning to normal parameters first . 
  i made the mistake of watching verhofstadt 's speech and i think i was seconds away from an aneurysm . 
  who the fuck talks like that to * anyone * ? 
  i have n't heard putin spout 1/10th of verhofstadt 's inhuman arrogance when talking about ukraine ** and he 's at fucking war with it ** . 
  it boggles my fucking mind greece has put up with years of ** you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to ** , did absolutely everything the eu demanded barring treason and killing its own population , knowing well the eu has a owner-slave relationship with its eastern members , knowing well none of the austerity horseshit would work , which it did n't , to precisely no one 's surprise ; and now this repugnant cocksucker dares to starts yelling ** you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to you need to ** again . 
  unfuckingreal . 
   i know it 's hard for you as a leftist burn in hell you crypto-communist fuckhead . 
  fuck the eu !, 
  it 's like they 're people or something . 
  classic brain-dead eastern bloc argument . 
   it only took the second-worst decade in romania 's history ( the worst being the 50s ) and subjecting the entire population to even more subhuman conditions than regular communism already subjected them to and the debts were payed !, 
  just like that . 
  stop being a bunch of faggots . 
  who do you think you are , a sovereign european state in 2015 ? 
   zhirinovsky says that the russian flag will be over vilnius , riga and tallinn . 
  he claims that the entire territory of the former soviet republics is a zone of russia 's national interests . 
  everyone who is there are invaders . 
  `` there should be no estonian , latvian , lithuanian or ukrainian army . 
  there will be only one army -- the russian army , '' zhirinovsky said in his traditional style . 
  is n't `` reviewing decisions about recognizing the independence '' of a sovereign state equivalent to a declaration of war ? 
  depending on the eu is even more hopeless than depending on nato since any potential eu commander-in-chief will be 10 times more incompetent than anyone nato can put forward . 
  which is saying a lot since breedlove literally had no plan for crimea 's annexation and the ukrainian war * and * he thought it was a good idea to say it publicly . 
  and he was right . 
  poland 's invasion was largely irrelevant to the allies , stalin invading it himself . 
  it 's true . 
  the only reason britain entered ww1 was its undying hatred towards germans . 
  belgium had little to do with it . 
   whatever ecks dee !! 1 !, 
  ! 1eleventeen that worked well with ukraine . 
  ~ ~ russia is just posturing ! ~ ~ ~ ~ crimea wanted to be part of russia ! ~ ~ ~ ~ russia will never invade the ukrainian mainland ! ~ ~ ~ ~ there are no russian soldiers in ukraine ! ~ ~ ~ ~ it 's just a crisis ! ~ ~ ~ ~ those are just ukrainian rebels ! ~ ~ ~ ~ it 's only a civil war ! ~ ~ ~ ~ russia has commited to de-escalation ! ~ ~ ~ ~ the ceasefire is holding ! ~ ~ ~ ~ russia is a regional power ! ~ ~ the fruits of * whatever * . 
  nato is literally an inert piece of paper . 
  papers depend on people , not the other way around . 
   real self-determination and democracy about to happen europe shits a brick . 
  well done . 
  fuck the eu . 
   they did not start ww2 they attacked finland , the baltic states and romania before operation barbarossa and their desire for expansion , and its inevitable materialization , was obvious ever since 1919 . 
  russia was instrumental in turning the german-franco-british war into a world war . 
   antisemitism started wordl war ii i 'm pretty sure russia did ? 
  the baltic states ?
