  communism has produced the purest and most earnest self-obsession the human species has ever experienced . 
  it is the closest thing , hopefully , to the real life application of the broader concept of solipsism , it is certainly not something that can be described using more common synonyms . 
  this , coupled with the fact that * solipsist * itself seen moderate informal use in the last couple of decades , made me use it ( correctly ) when describing the average romanian 's thinking . 
  as for * machiavellian * , it 's now common for psychiatrists to describe psychopaths/sociopaths/people with aspd as machiavellian . 
  nowadays it does n't imply understanding of social ties or political hierarchy , just the desire to exploit them strictly for personal benefit . 
  not that it would invalidate anything i 've said even if it did . 
  since the type of person i described could potentially have a good understanding of social ties and such if he only understood mechanisms and etiquette insofar as to use other people for personal benefit . 
  so yes , machiavellian is perfectly compatible with the rest of my argument . 
  stop trying to drag me into these pointless hair-splitting arguments . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  a rather abstract sense ? 
  really ? 
  what would be a rather concrete sense ? 
  you 're not sure i mean * machiavellian * at all ? 
  wow !, 
  would you say it fits rather abstractly with the rest of my description ? 
  do you also find it a bit presumptuous ? 
  yes ? 
  you 're adorable . 
  what would your reaction be if that was ponta in that uniform , at 17 , next to a soviet officer from moldova ? 
  romanians would 've been setting themselves on fire in victory square . 
  seriously , cognitive dissonance , google it . 
  just minutes after i posted [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/365ob1/pro_union_with_romania_march_happening_in_moldova/craz3jy )  provincial hedonism , yes . 
  like in all former communist countries , the majority of people are philistine , machiavellian , solipsist , materialist-consumerist and ignorant of everything that does not immediately concern themselves . 
  politics and international relations are seen , at most , by the very few people who even think about such things , as football-style rivalries . 
  you say :  sure i can , i just do n't care to . 
  what i care is if i have enough money to go on vacation in the summer and go skiing in the winter . 
  i 'm not some blindly nationalist drone that wets himself at the thought of greater romania . 
  i do n't give a shit about it . 
  this is * perfect * . 
  well done . 
  i could 've provided a better window into the average romanian 's way of thinking if i tried . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2328536/angela-merkel-communist-links-new-image-uniform-released.html ) also , i 'm seriously disappointed the reading level here . 
  provincial , hedonist , philistine , machiavellian , solipsist , none of these are `` thesaurus words '' . 
  that is to say , none of these could be replaced by more common words since their synonyms do a pretty poor job at conveying their exact meaning . 
  they are n't buzzwords , they are n't even fancy words . 
  \\  we do n't want any kind of ` unification ' \\  we hungarians ok ... ? 
  provincial hedonism , yes . 
  like in all former communist countries , the majority of people are philistine , machiavellian , solipsist , materialist-consumerist and ignorant of everything that does not immediately concern themselves . 
  politics and international relations are seen , at most , by the very few people who even think about such things , as football-style rivalries . 
  and yes , it is a phantasm . 
  and one of the most baffling cases of cognitive dissonance i 've ever seen . 
  i could write walls of text about why the eu is one of the most hilarious farces in recent history , especially for us , but just consider this one thing : anghela merkel is a communist and she is russia 's biggest appeaser . 
  none of the russian victories so far - crimea 's annexation , the invasion of the ukrainian mainland , the ilovaisk massacre , the capture of donetsk airport , the debaltseve massacre and the fact that russia is currently gearing for another massive push with total impunity - would 've been possible without her approval . 
  people are chanting `` cinste lor eroilor '' , `` rusia nu uita , basarabia nu e a ta '' and `` armata rusa afara '' . 
  damn , i do n't think half the romanian hipsters from bucharest who call themselves `` western '' or `` anti-communist '' would 've had the balls to chant that over here in bucharest , never mind in chisinau . 
  sadly , i do n't think anything significant will happen before the impending russian aggression . 
  romania is too anesthetized with provincial hedonism and phantasms about `` being european '' . 
  they do n't have to reconcile anything , they love it . 
  i meat mostly for the leaders . 
  hitler treated antonescu as a fellow man and a counterpart . 
  antonescu ( sadly ) treated everyone below him in much the same way . 
  but yes , even for the general population , civilian life in the early 1940s , * during a war * , was much more pleasant than what followed after 1945 and ended in 1990 . 
  anyway , i think i 've discussed your second point several times over in the past but again , there was nothing gained by siding with russia . 
  anyone who thinks that there was is deluding himself , russians did everything they wanted in romania after the war . 
  the `` worst '' thing that could 've followed had antonescu not been removed is a continuation of the war that would 've entailed a radicalized romania and possibly help from hungary and croatia . 
  of course that would 've been worse in the sense of total casualties ( total troops killed , dead civilians , rapes , deportations , loss of territory ) and it sound like a cynical thing to say right now in 2015 ; but overall , what romania stood to gain from continuing to fight would 've outweighed all the costs it would 've suffered . 
  i meant what reason would the us , stalin 's number one ally , have to attack russia over some countries it was never obligated to defend ? 
  and what reason would said countries have to absolve themselves of the responsibility of protecting themselves from russian aggression and , for some unfathomable reason , place that responsibility on the shoulders of russia 's main ally and one of main driving forces that ensured a complete russian victory in europe in the first place ? 
   because many people behind the iron curtain hoped for the us to liberate them after ww2 or even later after that . 
  ** why ? 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  protecting romania from russian aggression was not america 's responsibility , it was solely romania 's responsibility . 
  i do n't see why people waited for the americans or for anyone else . 
  what was the problem ? 
  wanted to side with the russians ? 
  perfect !, 
  have some russians !, 
  i 've read some of antonescu 's letters to maniu and , despite maniu 's repulsive demeanor and the fact that his words practically reeked of treachery , antonescu never treated him as anything other than a gentleman and his counterpart . 
  he never threatened him , never denigrated him , nothing . 
  he always sought to collaborate with him and with all of his detractors , he never snubbed them and never abused them . 
  although it was well within his power , legally as well as morally , to have them all executed from the second he was placed in charge by the king . 
  nobody would 've missed them . 
  i 'd wager maniu and the others were n't cretins . 
  scoundrels , yes , but i find it hard to imagine that they were n't aware of the fact that the only thing that could 've happened after antonescu 's removal was russian occupation of romania and imminent perdition for all romanians , including themselves . 
  i 'd wager nobody actually believed that hilarious nonsense according to which the us , britain and france will even lift a finger to help romania , or anyone else ( by the way , after the war britain even went as far as to kick the few polish refugees it had back into stalin 's clutches ) . 
  their only reason for entering the war being the destruction and humiliation of germany and nothing more . 
  something that was perfectly obvious from the beginning . 
  so what in god 's name was in maniu 's head and soul when he removed antonescu . 
  you tell me . 
  you wanted the russians ? 
  have some russians !, 
  here comes the liberation train , open wide !, 
  you did n't like the `` fascist yoke '' under which your country saw it 's most successful military campaign in ages and under which you yourself enjoyed a dignifying life and career , the best anyone on earth could 've hoped for at the time ? 
  have some liberation then !, 
  be treated worst than the lowest animal in some russian institution of torture , be bathed in your own ordure and die painfully . 
  you made your bed , sleep in it . 
  and so did your great-grandfather and every other romanian that passively assisted as the biggest transgression and most shameful moment in romania 's history was unfolding before them . 
  again , why did people wait for the americans ? 
  it was russia they sided with and russia is what they got . 
  what was the problem ? 
  thank you germany , britain and france for continuously supporting and legitimizing russian aggression in europe for 75 years now . 
  i wonder what excuses will the west come up with after mariupol . 
  i 'm sure that if europe turns its back on this it will resolve all by itself in the fastest and most peaceful way possible , right ? 
  just like ukraine , i mean , we 're * only * a couple of steps away from total war , beyond ukraine too . 
  plenty of time for people to suddenly come to their senses and realize they 're being silly geese and that war is like all wrong and stuff and that we 're really humanist now and just staaahp . 
  right guys ? 
  why is nobody paying any attention to this ? 
   i always wondered though , why the west let the division of europe happen in the first place what is there to wonder about ?
