  forward this shit to bethesda . 
  now !, 
  is this just directed at people who 've never played a tes game previous to skyrim ? 
  i 've been playing tes since arena came out . 
  that 's how i would have replied to her last comment saying , `` do n't ever correct me , did i ask you ? 
  i would have responded with , `` no , you did n't , but you 're lauding something as fact when it 's a blatant lie . '', 
  that 's a pretty nifty font . 
  that is so messed up !, 
  you need to tell him off . 
  if you do n't say something the rest of your family will just keep encouraging it . 
  what 's taters , precious ? 
  balmora always was my favorite city . 
  i do n't think so , they 're just adding in a werewolf perk tree with the dlc . 
  a bosmer master archer living in valenwood ; however , after the murder of my parents , i become a vigilante adjudicator of justice . 
  i 'd basically be a wood elf batman . 
  i 'm fluent in english , french and russian . 
  i 'm fairly proficient in german . 
  my italian is a bit less so . 
  i only have an elementary understanding of arabic , hebrew and korean , though i 've always wanted to learn norwegian . 
  i 'm a linguistics major , so i get really excited when people talk about languages in any form . 
  it was a french-canadian porno from the 70 's . 
  these two guys are arguing over which one supports a better hockey team , and at some point during their argument , they lose their clothes and start having sex ... 
  the only line i remember is , '' * qu\u00e9bec est meilleur !, 
  * '' just because their bizarre canadian accents made the word `` meilleur '' sound really weird to me . 
  i 'm sure there 's an archery club near you , and if not , there 's most definitely a hunting/sports supply store at which you could get everything you need . 
  in terms of physical requirements , well , that depends on what you plan to do . 
  if you just want to do target practice or field shooting , i 'd recommend a 20 # -35 # bow , and if you 're planning on hunting , you 'd want 45 # or higher . 
  # means `` pound '' and is the amount of force required to pull the bow back to full draw , which is typically 28 inches . 
  so , with a greater poundage , more force is needed to pull the string back , which in turn , makes your arrow fly farther and faster , leading to a more powerful shot . 
  it 's not like shooting a gun , because you recoil with a gun , whereas there 's little to none with a bow . 
  i feel the need to tell you about hand positioning , as that 's one of the most crucial points to being a good archer . 
  when you hold the bow , * never * wrap your entire hand around the riser ( handle ) of the bow . 
  you want to have a rather light grip on the bow , and when you pull the bow back , the riser should be resting against the area in front of the bottom knuckle on your thumb , not the meaty part between your thumb and your index finger . 
  if you hold it in the latter spot , you 're without a doubt going to snap your arm ( and let me tell you , it hurts like a bitch ! ), 
  he 's holding it right :, 
  he 's not :, 
  i wish i could write so much more , but at this point , i think it 'll become laborious to read , so i 'll leave it at that . 
  as a bit of credential , i 've been practicing archery for about 11 years now . 
  i have a passion for russian pop music , and i figure it 'd be fun to strip to . 
  [ 220 by \u0422\u0410\u0422\u0423 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yocmssbfafg ), 
  i 'm on ps3 , so i do n't get to play it for another month , * and * i do n't get to use mods . 
  all in all , we ps3 players are getting screwed over at every corner . 
  i remember this . 
  that woman killed her man friend in alftand , then i came around a corner and put an arrow in her eye . 
  it 's funny , because i was just talking to my friend about it , though i think my conversation was a bit more obnoxious . 
  it went something along the lines of :, 
  `` i do n't even understand !, 
  why the hell would they need gold ? 
  it 's not like they can actually buy anything !, 
  they 've got everything they need , and i 'm fairly certain they would n't get very far into a city without being killed ! '', 
  although , this is basically the same exact conversation i 've had as to why wolves and skeevers have gold . 
  yes , because having healthy sperm is ** so ** important for the people in this subreddit . 
  i 've never been stung by a bee or wasp nor have i been bitten by a spider . 
  but i kill those fuckers * every * chance i get . 
  well , your opinion is wrong and defies every major medical association in the united states . 
  but you 're still allowed to have it . 
  well , i 'd feel pretty deserving if almost all my people were killed and had an entire continent taken from me . 
  well , by `` civilized society '' i 'm guessing he means north america and western europe , by which account , he 's still wrong . 
  in the beginning , god created ellipses !, 
  i like the russian in the card . 
  though as a future reference , '' \u044f \u0442\u0435\u0431\u044f \u043b\u044e\u0431\u043b\u044e '' is more colloquial . 
  i think you need a bit of perspective . 
  i 'm not even native , but it 's ridiculous that you would even consider telling someone to `` get the fuck over it . '', 
  i 'm sure you 'd be a of a different opinion if someone killed your family then told you to get over it . 
  and it is n't a matter of `` they were here first '' , it 's the fact that native northern americans were almost eradicated as a race , and it was endorsed by the united states government . 
  while i 'm aware that this has occurred throughout history , this slaughter of native peoples was continuing until the turn of the 20th century . 
  just t-shirt and shorts , or t-shirt and underwear . 
  clearly we need to recreate this experiment with more pictographical proof ... for ... to ... uh ... prove stuff . 
  if he was quoting mean girls at her , he was definitely gay . 
  well , i 'm gay and i 've seen mean girls about 40 times ( if not more ) . 
  but if the crush on tina fey is what keeps you coming back , then that 's fine . 
  well , i do tarot readings , but it 's more that i just find it interesting , not that i actually put any stock it in , nor that i was forced to do it . 
  it 's just fun to look at the artwork and telling people 's futures , even if that future does n't actually come true . 
  it 's sounds more like a stupid guy is your deal breaker . 
  i respect that . 
  how can you not like dr. who ? 
  lastly , burlesque is a good movie , but not good enough that i 'd spend money to watch it again and again . 
  true , but that 's the entire world over . 
  then you find the percentage in your country , then your province/state , then your city , and you 're looking at an extremely small grouping of people . 
  i think your opinion is irrelevant , as it 's not a matter of how you see that person , but of how that person thinks you see him . 
  you may see him as being special irrespective of any previous partners ; however , if he thinks you 're just with him to have sex with him , then there 's no changing that , unless you could actually prove to him that he 's more than that . 
  yeah , i love growing stuff . 
  currently i 'm growing jalapenos , tomatoes , flowers and a slurry of various herbs and spices . 
  but your dating pool is n't getting any bigger , you 're just moving from one pool to another . 
  ironic ... 
  taste is completely subjective . 
  you say , `` i just ca n't understand how come so many people do n't absolutely love topping . '', 
  but what if a bottom says , `` i just ca n't understand how come so many people do n't absolutely love bottoming '' ? 
  it 's a matter of personal preference . 
  what might be fun for you might not be fun for others . 
  oh , certainly , but i mean in terms of moving from one large city to another , or moving from a large city to a small one . 
  he loses all credibility when he says , `` humans are only 2,000 years old . '', 
  the only thing that makes me happy about this is that i 'll probably be dead before anything like this happens . 
  i did n't see thoth , egyptian god of poetry and writing . 
  no , it 's the 2013 rapture wagon !, 
  it depends . 
  i ' f i 'm just going to be at a friend 's house and he has a pool , then no , i wo n't wear any underwear . 
  however , if i 'm at the beach and i 'm expecting to be walking/running long distances , then i 'll wear some underwear to prevent chaffing . 
  i walked almost 4 miles in wet board shorts without underwear , and the chaffing was so terrible , i started bleeding . 
  never going to allow that to happen again .
