they must be one of those `` whore-affirming '' churches . 
  i came . 
  is it sad that you could probably convince people that this is early 20th century poetry ? 
  andrew 's a dick . 
  the stupid , it 's hurting me !, 
  they say it 's making god out to be an evil , uncaring god . 
  surprised they had n't figured that already . 
  two hands hard at work can do more than a thousand hands clasped in prayer . 
  i love that his profile picture is a little french-finger in front of the eiffel tower ... 
  he and his brother make me wet ... 
  honestly , i do n't know why people are debating this . 
  i think we should just allow people to make their own decisions , yes ? 
  i 've always wanted to open up that drawer and find the teaching of buddha , but it 's always just a bible , and on one rare occasion , a bible and a book of mormon . 
  wow , you 're a better man than me . 
  i can honestly say , were my father to send that to me , i would have sent back a resounding , `` go f * ck yourself . '', 
  the fact that they use `` a '' instead of `` an '' in front of herbivore is greatly disturbing to me . 
  um , i 've played violin and cello since i was 10 ... yeah . 
  i 'm really terrible with compliments . 
  it 's actually kind of sad . 
  whenever a guy compliments me , i always assume he 's just saying it so he can have a laugh about it later , like , `` i totally made this guy think i was into him . '', 
  i was in a relationship with a guy who was in the closet ; but he ended up breaking it off saying he could n't handle lying to his family about me anymore ... even though he was dating another guy 3 days after dumping me . 
  nope , i really love to dance . 
  and it 's not just dancing in bars or clubs , but real dance styles as well . 
  i do n't want to tout my own horn , but i 'm a fairly good tap dancer . 
  i came . 
  i said it was sad , did n't i ? 
  nope , you did n't . 
  i still have yet to see a copy of that in any of the hotels i 've stayed at . 
  well , if you and the teapot in my kitchen are going to keep saying it , eventually i 'll believe it . 
  no , it was definitely an extremely respectable event . 
  i only saw one man in anything remotely revealing , and i was there both days , all day . 
  however , some christian protesters showed up on saturday ; that kind of sucked . 
  i was there on saturday and sunday . 
  i grabbed three of these !, 
  one of them is currently in my wallet . 
  yeah , but there were a few christian tents , one jewish tent , and there was a muslim tent last year . 
  wait ... where do the tentacles come in ? 
  well , it seems for the most part that he 's been the one putting forth all of the effort and affection . 
  next time you hang out , why do n't you do the flirty things that he does ? 
  sure it may throw him for a loop , but if reacts coldly , then you 'll know that he 's either not ready , or not gay . 
  if he does react poorly , do n't ostracize or pressure him . 
  if he likes it , then just be patient and steady . 
  just keep pushing your luck slightly and see where that leads you . 
  i have a `` michigan '' accent , which apparently , no one in michigan can hear , but everyone else can . 
  i * hate * the taste of beer , in any and all forms . 
  as for sports , the most i do is running , yoga ( if it can be called a sport ) and archery . 
  but at the same time , i love to dance and shop , but i still consider myself a bro . 
  the only people i talk to who do n't know the movie are non-french speakers , so it is n't exactly an unknown movie . 
  that movie a ) was fascinating and b ) made me question my sanity . 
  ask him what his finger sizes are , when he asks why you want to know , tell him that you think your fingers are fat , and wanted to know the size of his for reassurance . 
  advice :, 
  * never * and i mean * never * wrap your entire hand around the bow . 
  people always make this mistake . 
  for one thing , it makes you torque the bow , causing your arrow to go flying sideways , and two , it makes it much more likely that the string will snap across your arm . 
  instead , use a lighter grip , with your front fingers curled across the very front of the riser ( handle ) . 
  you may even want to fold a finger or two into your hand . 
  one time , i was using my uncle 's 80 # compound bow ( bear in mind that i use a 50 # recurve ) , and i was n't wearing an arm guard , as i usually do n't , and i was being careless , and when i let the arrow fly the string snapped across my arm . 
  i do n't want to be too graphic , but basically , the string caused a bunch of veins in my arm to burst and i had huge black bruises all down my arm for a few weeks . 
  your only hangup seems to be his body . 
  what is it that you do n't like ? 
  perhaps it 's something you do n't like about your own body . 
  `` oh god , i love it when you rub my germany . '', 
  donna sounds like a real bitch . 
  i really dislike drugs in any form . 
  the only drug i 'm willing to take is caffeine in my coffee and tea . 
  i hate not having complete control of my mind that comes with being drunk or high , it makes me feel vulnerable , which in turn makes me feel nervous and anxious , which completely defeats the purpose of the drug . 
  no , i 'm merely stating my opinion , answering your original question . 
  which are huge , apparently . 
  you have to keep posting what he says . 
  i 'm riveted to this entire conversation . 
  as someone who 's done archery since he was 7 , i can honestly tell you that bows have ** always ** been cool . 
  saginaw , huh ? 
  i 'd expect that kind of shit out of detroit , dearborn or flint . 
  there 's so much stupidity here , i do n't even know where to start . 
  not to be an ass , but the square root of negative four is an imaginary number . 
  as a quick brotip , that 's the case for a lot of people . 
  people worry so much about how others perceive them , while only caring about others ' personality traits , smile etc. , when all those other people feel the exact same way . 
  i 've never gotten tested ; but then again , i 've never actually had sex , so it 's kind of irrelevant . 
  i feel that op should be shirtless . 
  i play skyrim in french . 
  i come up with complete back stories for my characters , and every action they do , i come up with some reasons as to why they did it . 
  if i do n't like the way a dead body fell , i change its position to something i like . 
  do n't they , though ? 
  i have to contradict you here . 
  the worst he can say is not `` no '' , the worst he can say is , `` the plastic surgery center is down the street ; i think they specialize in liposuction . '', 
  i heard that a vampire character would be able to fly , or at the least , levitate . 
  is that true ? 
  `` logic '', 
  i agree with you and disagree with you at the same time . 
  russian and ukrainian are similar languages , but it 'd be a far stretch to consider them the same . 
  when i read ukrainian , i can usually understand it to a certain extent , but there are certain points where it diverges and i have no idea what it means . 
  i 'd consider it like norwegian and swedish , they 're similar languages with the same origin , but are n't mutually intelligible . 
  i did n't know your mom played minecraft . 
  i 've actually perpetrated this before . 
  `` would you like the receipt in the bag or with you ? '', 
  `` yes . '', 
  he put it in the bag . 
  my diddly bits like to do a fine howdy-do with those of other gents . 
  i 'd either be a professor at the college of winterhold ;, 
  or i 'd be a ranger , protecting the wilds with my trusty bow .
