  there 's no such thing as an `` unsanctioned rally '' in russia . 
  the russian constitution grants freedom of assembly and freedom of speech to all its citizens . 
  arresting gay activists for a peaceful protest violates not only their constitution , but that of the european court of human rights . 
  that 's why russia was fined $ 40,000 by the echr in 2011 . 
  if the russian police actually had an interest in their citizens ' safety , they 'd arrest those who were attacking the protesters , not the protesters defending themselves . 
  shit . 
  i agree with you to an extent . 
  in your second example it 's obviously satire just due to how ridiculous it is ; however , the nature of an echo chamber is that you 're bound to get a lot of the same ideas bouncing around , so while it may seem like a dead horse , it might just be an sjw rehashing something bun read on another tumblr . 
  it becomes a lot more obvious if a user has posted several outrageous things , but if it 's a single incident it 's a lot more difficult to discern between poe and actual sjws . 
  which is why i identify myself as an egalitarian . 
  i support both feminism and men 's rights , but i do n't call myself by either because i 'd be seen as a misogynist or a misandrist depending on who i 'm talking to . 
  i. . . i do n't understand . 
  i 'm not sure what event you 're talking about , but at moscow pride in 2006 and 2007 , nikolai alekseyev and other gay activists were attacked while trying to parade . 
  the police only arrested the activists while the attackers were free to go . 
  oh my god , you did * not * just use aave . 
  erryone is for black people only . 
  i ca n't i just can not right now . 
  i 'm literally crying and vomiting . 
  go kill yourself and die . 
  it is n't a matter of the police ( riot police , at that ) `` being shit , '' it 's a matter of them violating these people 's rights . 
  hey , y' all , have you heard the word !? 
  sexual dimorphism do n't real !, 
  does n't have the time ? 
  bitch , what else do you do but sit on tumblr and insult white people ? 
  i mean , she 's not wrong . 
  none of them are conventionally attractive , so it 's weird for so many people to be attracted to them . 
  [ as for benedict cumberbatch ] ( http://static.episode39.it/character/4851.jpg?t=1277310160 ), 
  stop being a dick . 
  if normal trans people get upset , it 's clearly because they 're guilty !, 
  obviously , if they were n't shitty trans people , like the ones you hate , they would n't care !, 
  i just ca n't stand bi guys who are more than willing to have sex with another man , but would n't ever date one because it 's `` too gay . '', 
  as soon as someone says his anger is justified you know it 's a lost cause . 
  which is the ironic part about sjws . 
  despite their hatred of white imperialism , they do sure sound like people arguing for the white man 's burden of the noble savage . 
   it would only be ironic if i was white pretending to be nonwhite , genius . 
  the lack of self-awareness , * it burns !, 
  the little merkin . 
  wait ... 
  oh , god , do n't stop . 
  what elementary school did you go to ? 
  mmm , yeah , that 's nice . 
  she probably had massive chicken eggs . 
  he 'd have to be there a while . 
  mmmm , dat brooke shields . 
  advillious , i 'm going to find you , and i 'm going to follow you ... on tumblr !, 
  lol , trans people are all retarded crossdressers . 
  what ? 
  it 's a * joke * . 
  yes , they 're associated * implicitly * , not explicitly . 
  exactly , so / u/rotor _ offline is correct , that oppression is n't a necessary variable for something to be racist or sexist . 
  we already make this distinction by using the term `` institutional racism '' when it describes a power structure . 
  the problem i foresee is that if the definition of racism is used exclusively for a majority against a minority , it will then foster the idea that minorities ca n't be racist or are beyond reproach for being racist . 
  uhhhh , no ? 
  france was independent , controlling france proper , the holy roman empire * and * the byzantine empire . 
  god , crack a history book , scat caliph . 
  well , the black john hanson ( the one in the photo ) died in 1860 and that photo was taken in 1856 , so he was an old man . 
  so it 's possible that he was alive in 1780 , but if he was , he was most definitely a young child . 
  b-but ... brazilians are poc , they ca n't do anything wrong !, 
  i 'm a girl and i like football , i must be trans !, 
  i read `` chiding '' as `` cis-hiding . '', 
  i 've been here too long . 
   its safer to surround ourselves with people who are like us , to create a space where we are protected from the ideology of the rest of the world . 
  [ echo chambering intensifies ], 
  can confirm , am japan . 
  even by ancient terms they would not be called black . 
  egyptians made a clear distinction between [ themselves ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-2jw2gllf9hk/ucwgkekmu3i/aaaaaaaaeyi/gu7c4ndukjo/s1600/ancient+egypt+clothing.jpg ) and [ nubians ] ( http://mathildasanthropologyblog.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/nubian-tribute.jpg ) in both art and writing . 
  it seems sjws want egyptians to be `` black '' because they seem to think that white people think egyptians were white . 
  god , their arguments are all so terrible . 
  there are thousands of buddhists in china and japan who are obviously not desi . 
  are they culture appropriating shitlords ? 
  if so , does their poc status cancel that out ? 
  what `` culture '' are dreadlocks associated with ? 
  clearly `` black '' is not a culture . 
  africa is made up of hundreds of cultures and it 's just plain racist to treat them all as one . 
  i know dreads play a role in the rastafari movement ; however , dreads are not an integral part of jamaican culture itself . 
  the op says that 1/4 of the female american population at 39.6 million and would require 396,500 rapes a year . 
  that breaks down to 1,086 rapes * a day * . 
  i love the french . 
  you 're wrong . 
  he was most definitely evil regardless of his intentions . 
  he could have been trying to bring about world peace , but that does n't excuse his actions and his inherent hatred . 
   yelling at people is activism !, 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  she was a 9th grader , actually . 
  itt : coke and * frozen *, 
  i thought everyone just made the assumption that : penny pincher -  crabs have pinchers -  mr. krabs, 
  some russians hate nazis , some russians love nazis . 
  the ones who love nazis are pretty stupid considering hitler hated slavs . 
  the ironic part is that russia has the highest percentage of neo-nazis in the world . 
  i think that 's one of the reasons the united states looks at russia with such disapproval . 
  russia is always in a radical or reactionary phase , and one of the reactionary phases always includes a `` return to religious roots . '', 
  i disagree on your last point , i think nature is a great artist . 
  i 've been far more moved by watching a sunrise than seeing a painting of one . 
  despite the context behind it , i actually do find it aesthetically pleasing . 
  because i do n't know an art critic or a rich person who 'd buy crappy art for thousands of dollars . 
  to be a contemporary artist does n't mean having good art , it just means someone with authority said he liked it . 
  it does n't take a genius to realize something sucks . 
  i 'm an actor , and like / u/yuktobania , i would feel extremely offended if someone got up onstage or in front of a camera and just read lines off of a piece of paper and called that `` acting . '', 
  i do n't believe in a god , nor do i believe art needs to have a creator . 
  nature is never a bad artist , because everything in nature has some intrinsic value .
