  `` i am so smart !, 
  i am so smart !, 
  s-m-r-t , i mean , s-m-a-r-t ... '', 
  you do realize `` communist '' countries have never * actually * been communist , correct ? 
  perhaps it is * you * who should pick up a book . 
   the current tax code keeps small businesses small and creates a non-competitive environment, 
  ah , but that is one of the inherent flaws in a free market . 
  without the regulation and intervention companies are free to grow and expand , which is a good thing ; however , that eventually leads to businesses becoming so massive that it 's impossible for any other business to compete , effectively creating monopolies throughout the market . 
  edit : a word, 
  if he wanted support , he should have gone to his republican friends . 
  after all , he says they never judge him for his sexuality . 
  but he supported civil unions ; the gop as a party does n't even support that . 
  i 've always been curious about p.a.s. 
  what gauge did you get pierced at ? 
  have you gone up or down in size since ? 
  has it affected your sex life at ? 
  what do women/men usually say when you drop trou ? 
  has it affected the way you take a piss ? 
  so what do you do about pissing if you 're in a situation where you ca n't sit down ? 
  i know some men rotate their penises so the piercing is facing upward . 
  do you do something similar ? 
  thank you for the information . 
  you 've thoroughly satiated my curiosity . 
  hey fatty boom boom , hit me with the ching ching !, 
  as a white person , ek is so zef !, 
  no , because `` straight '' bars do n't exist . 
  they 're just regular bars . 
  i wish i could just laugh off the things they say as them being immature man-children , but every time i read the arrogance and ignorance spewing from that sub i want to put my fist through a wall . 
  and you know the mta should stand for `` muthafuckas touchin ' my ass . '', 
  not only do you have a husband , but he lets you have sex with other men ? 
  can ... can i have your life ? 
  you have to consider the context of the situation . 
  i live in a conservative town in the midwest . 
  for most people , that is the only option , and may be the case for op . 
  i 'm dirty blond ... i do n't have a preference when it comes to hair color . 
  curses , tim curry !, 
  my one weakness !, 
  that 's because for whatever reason , there does n't seem to be one damn american who understands ** moderation ** . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  even if all drugs are legalized , the black markets and cartels will * always * undersell whatever the government offers . 
  why bother paying $ 200 for a gram of heroin at the pharmacy if i can get it for $ 150 from the guy behind the pharmacy ? 
  but what you 're not taking into consideration is that alcohol and tobacco production are already massive , firmly established industries . 
  you said it yourself :, 
   illegal manufacturing of tobacco and alcohol is extremely small . 
  however , * all * production of heroin is illegal . 
  regardless of whether the government begins producing it , or if companies produce it , there still exists those that were making it previously . 
  they 're not going to skip out just because it became legal . 
  you 're still missing the point . 
  al capone and other bootleggers represented an infinitesimally small portion of alcohol production relative to the entire country before prohibition . 
  he had to give up trafficking alcohol because as soon as prohibition was lifted companies like budweiser and jack daniels went right back to producing alcohol as they had before . 
  heroin production is not a competitive market in the united states . 
  all the demand for heroin in the country is already being met by illegal production ; it 'd be a great struggle to force out illegal production when it currently has a monopoly on it . 
  in my middle school we were n't allowed to use phones/ipods during the school day . 
  on one occasion it was the end of the day and i was at my locker getting all the things i needed to take home . 
  i pop my earphones in and head for the door ( which was a whole 50 feet from my locker ) when the vice principal comes up behind me and rips my ipod out of my hand saying , `` no ipods during school ! '', 
  i told her that school was over , but she took my ipod anyway . 
  i did n't try and fight her because i was a scared little 12 year old , but i still seethe about it to this day . 
  curve that pinky , mister !, 
  all the targaryens had purple eyes , including viserys . 
  could you tell me which ? 
  from the descriptions given in the books and from what i 've read on wikis , not a single targaryen is mentioned that did n't have purple eyes . 
  it 's said that alysanne had blue eyes , but that 's not canon . 
  so many people seem to be under the impression that the president wields supreme authority in this country . 
  if you want to blame someone for the country for being a shithole , blame congress . 
  would fap to . 
  i had a small dick all throughout high school , but between 18-19 it ballooned and now it 's a bit over average . 
  definitely not true . 
  i 've held a magnum and a regular condom in my hand at the same time . 
  magnums have a greater diameter and are longer . 
  the latex ring on the end secures it to your penis . 
  that 's pretty patronizing and ageist . 
  even then it 's accepted that 6 million jews were killed during the holocaust . 
  as children do n't have the maturity or mental capacity to understand or consent to sex , any sexual contact with a child is abuse . 
  * that * is why people bash pedophiles . 
  from the censuses from 1939 , there were 8,301,000 jews living in europe , while roughly 5,978,000 were killed . 
  it 's ridiculous to claim that `` 20 year olds '' do n't have any sense of political basis except for what they 're told in college . 
  it presupposes that people under the age of 20 have no understanding of politics . 
  generic comment about how my dating life is nonexistent , frowning face emoticon . 
  ghetto does n't discriminate . 
  au voleur , au voleur , \u00e0 l'assassin , au meurtrier !, 
  justice !, 
  sorry , your username reminds me of moli\u00e8re . 
  you 're very sexy . 
  what bothers me the most is that a guy will message me and it will be the typical back and forth , then he eventually responds with a `` yeah '' or a `` cool '' or whatever , then does n't move the conversation . 
  you messaged me and now you want me to support the entire conversation ? 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the argument is n't , `` if you want equal rights i get to hit you , '' the argument is , `` if someone attacks me , i should have the right to protect myself regardless of the attacker 's sex . '', 
  seems everyone is saying `` you should n't hit anyone ! '', 
  this is based off of the assumption that the op is the assailant , where in this situation , i believe it 's implying that a woman is on the offensive and the op is defending himself . 
   i smile because i know they are the ones who are dumb . 
  then i feel sorry for their clogged arteries and their misguided idea that their food somehow tastes better , as if taste is n't subjective and based on what you are used to . 
  and this is one of the problems people have with vegans . 
  is there ? 
  whenever i hear people speak , i 'm not able to distinguish between l'indicatif and le subjonctif , likewise with aies and ait . 
  it 's okay , les qu\u00e9becois do n't speak french either . 
  but never in an adverb, 
  just think of the fonz . 
  le chat = the cat, 
  les chats = the cats, 
  le and les are pronounced differently .
