   google , what is bunselfkin.tumblr.com 's gender ? 
  it 's not my job to educate you !, 
  if you have a question , you can bing that shit . 
  if you talk about being healthy , that means you 're oppressing unhealthy people , and that 's problematic . 
  you 're a far better person than me , then . 
  if my brother acted anything like your sister does , i 'd have no qualms about cutting him off entirely , blood-ties be damned . 
  glass would get far too hot . 
  obviously this is n't a problem when you 're only smoking a few grams of weed , but you 'd just end up scorching your tobacco if you tried to smoke any significant amount . 
  i 'd sit on that . 
  slopabottomus !, 
  \\ #justwizardthings, 
  cogito ergo sum is a form of solipsism , not a logical fallacy . 
  and nobody should steal , and everybody should treat each other with kindness and respect !, 
  the fact of the matter is people are going to do terrible shit regardless of whether you tell them to or not , so when they do do terrible shit , they should n't be exempt from consequence just because of their gender . 
  that just gave me a permanent :(, 
  she has n't felt the need to cover up her prejudices and biases before , why start now ? 
  it 's very ableist to know your iq . 
  that 's problematic . 
  also , thanks for raping me of my flair , shitlord . 
  it 'd be doubleplusgood !, 
  but do n't you know ? 
  if you so much as even * mention * social justice around white , cishet men , they 're going to ** murder ** you . 
  not only that , but they 'll get off with a warning !, 
  the police will probably congratulate them !, 
  reminds me of an sjw who said white people were afraid of letting black people have power because then they 'd treat white people like they treated them . 
  if that 's the case , would n't the incentive then be to * further * oppress black people ? 
  sure thing , bb boi, 
  - v. putin, 
  it 's just a result of ascribing a negative connotation to the word itself . 
  racism would be most broadly defined as recognizing differences between races . 
  it would n't be negative or positive , it would just be a recognition , e.g. 
  `` i have light skin , that guy has dark skin . '', 
  as we know , people with prejudices and biases will take that a step further and say , `` i have light skin , that guy has dark skin , therefore i do n't like him . '', 
  stupid geraffes . 
  i 'd figure it 'd just be pronounced as `` henne '' with out the - ne , but i agree , i 've never seen a purpose for it , and none of the swedes i know have ever used it . 
  lyrics of `` stupid ho '' by nicki minaj :, 
  you a stupid ho , you a you a stupid ho, 
  you a stupid ho , you a you a stupid ho, 
  you a stupid ho , yeah , you a stupid stupid ho, 
  ** can you feel the emotional depth ?!, 
  it 's one thing to say you 're not homophobic , sexist or racist , but when you need to put it in all caps , it sounds like you 're projecting . 
  gay bars , yo . 
  men get in cheaper than women or even free . 
  `` i do n't agree with it , therefore it 's a logical fallacy . 
  what 's that ... not a logical fallacy ? 
  yes it is . 
  the dictionary 's wrong . 
  get over it . '', 
  i just like it because i can eat an entire pint of ice cream in one day and nobody judges me . 
  i just watched the shining the other day because i was feeling so stir crazy . 
  i should probably get rid of the fireman 's ax in my garage ... 
  why ? 
  going like shit ? 
  it 's not going at all !, 
  * ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ seriously ^ i 'm ^ actually ^ pretty ^ sad ^ :( *, 
  c-can it be in the order ? 
  i do n't know about op , but my fear is that i 'll grow old never knowing what `` true love '' is , then dying alone with no one caring . 
  it 's 2 broad possibilities , but that does n't take into account the dozens of other possibilities that come with it . 
  assume you do find a gay person , what 's your likelihood of being attracted to him , what 's the likelihood of you both wanting the same thing , what 's the likelihood of him being single ? 
  all of these things compound , so it 's not just 2 possibilities . 
  obviously you 're just an internalized ableist . 
  brb , setting my gender to beyonc\u00e9, 
  of course !, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  according to sjws , if you do n't write using aave or use ebt , you ca n't be a real black person !, 
  the whole first half of the response is either buns inability to glean context , or just intentionally disingenuous . 
  no , op is saying that rappers would never accept you as a rapper because you 're asian , not that you ca n't be their friends . 
  maybe if they stopped reblogging pictures of shirtless men and hentai they might not have their blogs tagged as nsfw and would show up in more search results . 
  so you 're saying there 's a chance ? 
  does n't it get exhausting being so defensive and angry all the time ? 
  so now they 're stratifying themselves over their autism ? 
  `` i 'm way more autistic than you , you also-autistic ableist ! '', 
  the people in the comments are saying that personal attacks are n't okay and to attack her argument not her . 
  i disagree with that in this case . 
  the only concept mirandaadria understands is fighting fire with fire . 
  you can hee and haw and debate her argument until you 're breathless , but she 's always just going to attack your appearance or supposed whiteness . 
  that was a huge talking point in 2008 about prop 8 in california . 
  the exit polls showed that 70-75 % of black voters voted in favor of prop 8 , which gay rights activists criticized , because it was assumed black voters would know what it 's like to be a minority struggling for personal freedoms and would vote * against * it . 
  i remember seeing a few interviews where people asked why black voters voted the way did , and it seemed to come to the conclusion that the black community is still deeply religious and favors tradition . 
  or zeus and hercules ? 
  depends on the day . 
  greeks and southern italians are either white or poc depending on the subject . 
  i would n't say lotr is boring , but i much prefer the hobbit , the children of hurin and the silmarillion . 
  i think it might be that , while tolkein had a pretty straightforward writing style , lotr seemed much more verbose than his other novels . 
  you could certainly make that argument , but an sjw would just counter with `` show me a study or a law where japanese people are racist toward white people . '', 
  i remember something similar where a korean bar refused to allow non-koreans into the bar . 
  in the typical sjw fashion , they said white people were obnoxious and rude and did n't deserve to be allowed into korean bars . 
   all four have entered not guilty pleas . 
  lol , why bother ? 
  we do know they 're guilty . 
  the girl admitted she baited the victim into entering the shed . 
  they also said the victim was a bully and that their actions were justified . 
  now , i 'm no lawyer , but i 'm pretty sure they 've lost all plausible deniability . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( https://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8ww284z9o1qkv71y.gif ), 
  not if they 're covering up someone 's cheating . 
  you could avoid it entirely by moving doritos to the front of the phrase , i.e. , `` he smelled like doritos and unwashed man , a cologne that was giving me a headache . '', 
  this is assuming she 's using `` cologne '' as a metaphor for the unwashed smell . 
  everything you just said is wrong . 
  the police are n't protecting gay people , they 're participating in the violence .
