  they 're as bad as fox newscasters saying they 're oppressed because they ca n't say `` merry christmas . '', 
  those muslim pigs are pretty serious when it comes to their dietary restrictions , though . 
  only the highest grade of halal slop . 
  edit : i just realized how bad that sounds without context . 
  not that it means much . 
  i had such a huge crush on a girl in elementary school that we were constantly teased about being husband and wife but now i 'm a card-carrying homosexual . 
  no , my dear , that is not learning the reality of racism , sexism or misogyny , that 's called confirmation bias . 
  likewise , never heard of xer . 
  maybe xe thinks xe 's a lot more important around here than xe is . 
  pretty much . 
  if you 're not an obese , disabled , autistic , trans , black radical feminist then you ca n't be my friend . 
  allah must be so proud . 
  that 's why it 's in quotation marks . 
   we are not exceptional . 
  truer words have never been written . 
  deaths in your typical episode of got :, 
  men : ~ 10 ( x100 if it 's a war episode ), 
  women : maybe 1, 
  violence against women is everywhere . 
  god damn , projecting harder than an elmo . 
  on a scale of 1 to even , i ca n't . 
  yes , she was actually the bastard of a frenchwoman named paquette guybertaut . 
  she was swapped out for a gypsy boy with a deformed eye and a hump . 
  that 's right , you guessed it , quasimodo is actually a gypsy who was abandoned by his parents . 
  in the novel she 's referred to as l'\u00c9gyptienne as it was a prevailing idea ( in the novel , at least ) that gypsies came from egypt . 
  as for her actual ethnicity , my response to / u/icorrectpettydetails :, 
  yes , she was actually the bastard of a frenchwoman named paquette guybertaut . 
  she was swapped out for a gypsy boy with a deformed eye and a hump . 
  that 's right , you guessed it , quasimodo is actually a gypsy who was abandoned by his parents . 
  you ca n't objectify !, 
  you 're a dericate rittle frower . 
  not really , or at all . 
  there was that guy who ate nothing but mcdonald 's for a month and lost weight , and there was a professor who ate nothing but twinkies and still lost weight despite both mcdonald 's and twinkies being almost pure carbs . 
  a calorie is a calorie regardless of where it comes from . 
  if you burn more calories than take in you lose weight . 
  no , the prefix `` gray - '' is latin for `` just kidding ! '', 
  why does everyone on tumblr put a question mark at the end of statements ? 
  it makes it look like they never know what they 're saying ? 
  nope , peanut butter has existed for centuries . 
  peanuts were originally cultivated in the andes mountains where aztecs would roast and crush them into a paste . 
  there was a movie called * saved from the titanic * that came out 29 days after the sinking and starred one of the survivors . 
  oh , god , it 's gotten to the point where i thought d * mb was some sort of new initialism like dfab or dmab . 
   and your argument is `` this does n't bother me specifically so shut up '' soooooo yeah . 
  shut up . 
  and * your * argument is `` this * does * bother me specifically so shut up '' soooooo yeah . 
  shut up . 
  it does n't , the human body just naturally has more fat on the stomach . 
  when you gain weight it 's pretty uniform , it just seems like it all goes to the stomach because it exacerbates the appearance of the fat that 's already there . 
  in that same vein , the body loses fat uniformly . 
  you can do as many ab crunches you want , but it 's going to use up the fat everywhere on your body , not just your stomach . 
  really ? 
  because i used calories in v. calories out and i lost 60lbs . 
  i still ate things like burgers , fries and pizza , i just made sure to stay under my caloric expenditure . 
  you 've got the right idea , but it 's backwards . 
  it 's not that certain foods speed up your metabolism , it 's that your body metabolizes certain foods faster . 
  no , she understood it just fine . 
  she 's purposely being disingenuous so she does n't have to come face to face with the fact that she 's just as awful as the men she claims to hate . 
  it does n't really matter whether they intended it to be a joke or not because it was n't funny either way . 
  uhhh ... take your pants off . 
  `` back that thing up , the ass too fat . '', 
  we actually decided to be friends as a condition of the breakup . 
  that was a little over a year ago and we 're still good friends . 
  we realized we both enjoy one another 's company but that we are n't good as a couple and it 's worked out well for us ; we get dinner , go to the movies , or just sit around drinking beer and it 's never been a problem . 
  they 're all american in the sense that they live on the continents of north and south america , but the united states is the only country with america in its name . 
  it 's interesting that that only seems to be the case in the western hemisphere from mexico south . 
  in all the languages i 'm familiar with `` american '' refers exclusively to residents of the united states . 
  exactly , it 's not a `` pink tax , '' it 's a stupid tax . 
  i occasionally do drag . 
  i think it 's something everyone should try at least once in their lives . 
  how patriarchal, 
  i suppose they were just disregarding the fact that they 're speaking a european language . 
  are they serious pulling \\ #notallsjws right now ? 
  i ai n't ` fraida no ghostkin !, 
  as someone who lives near and used to live in detroit , no , because no one , black or white , gives a fuck . 
  geisha are n't prostitutes , actually , those are called * yujo * . 
  geisha were and are entertainers and go to school to learn to sing , dance , play instruments and converse . 
  the perception of geisha as prostitutes came after wwii when yujo began wearing white face makeup and elaborate kimono and calling themselves geisha in an attempt to look exotic to american soldiers . 
  it worked and the american soldiers not knowing any better rolled with it and the perception stuck . 
  that 's very true , i only say the perception of geisha as prostitutes came after wwii , as it was quite obvious to anyone in japan who was a geisha and who was a yujo . 
  the marked difference at a glance was that yujo tied their obi in the front , not the back, 
  edit : it 's also worth mentioning that while geisha do have elaborate hairstyles , yujo on the whole had much more drastic hairpieces and accessories . 
  exactly , 3.2 % of non-hispanic white people is 6,298,161 people while 4.6 % of non-hispanic black people is 1,733,549 people . 
  black gays are n't the majority of the lgbt community , they just represent the largest proportion of gays in a given race . 
  hitler : ~ 11 million, 
  stalin : ~ 34-49 million, 
  mao : ~ 38-67 million, 
  hitler ai n't got * shit * on stalin and mao, 
  could n't have been helped ? 
  he was literally shipping millions of pounds of crops out of the country every year . 
  sure , it bolstered the chinese economy , but many millions of deaths could have been avoided . 
  aaaaand that 's a good way to end up murdered . 
  are we talking about the same michelle obama who went to * princeton * and * harvard * then promptly married a congressman ? 
  it 's the same as people who say `` like '' in between every word . 
  it 's perceived as being less offensive as you 're not making a forceful , direct statement . 
  with `` like '' it makes it seem like you 're just casually dancing around the subject , and when you put a question mark at the end it makes you appear less willing to engage someone if they try to argue with you . 
  is it really that strange ? 
  if you were pretending to be german you would n't want a real german around because then he 'd see right through you and call you on your bullshit , much in the same way you would n't want a real trans person around if you 're pretending . 
  tumblr girl problems # 3, 
  being 14 so you ca n't go to the bar anyway . 
  exactly , you can pump yourself full of hormones for the next 20 years , it 's not going to change your xy into an xx .
