  please just stop . 
  do they not have sarcasm in your country ? 
  if your spelling and grammar are any indication , you 've got no room to talk about poorly speaking another language . 
  please , tell us more , comedy wizard !, 
  we americans are too inept to understand the subtle art that is irony !, 
  that 's interesting , because this thread shows just how ignorant people are of american culture . 
  edit : also , thank you for neatly ignoring the second half of my statement , '' ... what they read or see on tv . '', 
  i did n't realize a medical procedure ( regardless of how unnecessary it may be ) was assault . 
  what 's your diet like ? 
  losing weight is 80 % diet and 20 % exercise . 
  here 's how i see it : if you 're bisexual and you 're in a homosexual relationship , for all intents and purposes , you 're homosexual . 
  that 's how the rest of the world will perceive you . 
  likewise , if you 're in a heterosexual relationship , you 're perceived as heterosexual . 
  and i 'm sure people would consider that bi-erasure , but the fact of the matter is , if you 're in a committed relationship with another person , your attraction to anyone else is irrelevant . 
  obviously , this would n't be the case in a polyamorous relationship , but the vast majority of people are in binary relationships . 
  does no one else realize that the cop is standing on the wrong side of the car if he were * actually * pulling them over ? 
  is it weird that the first thought i had was , `` they must have really hot sex ? '', 
  it 's not weird . 
  he killed fitty men !, 
  do they still have silly italian accents in the french version ? 
  dollar theaters still exist , yo . 
   you do n't have enough badges to train me !, 
  he 's just drawing parallels , which could be construed as him saying they 're the same , but i do n't think that 's what he 's doing here . 
  [ actually , it was a `` serious crime '' before the french revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_france#sodomy_laws ), 
  could you cite some sources for that claim ? 
  last time i checked , lenin never had thousands of people executed , nor did he implement a famine in ukraine . 
  he did , however , try to push for universal education and women 's suffrage . 
  the first years were the party of the vanguard , not the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
  the dictatorship of the proletariat would be when the government reaches the point where it need n't exist anymore and dissolves . 
  you lose all credibility when you use `` libtard '' in your statement . 
  it 's a misleading name . 
  `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' was taken to mean the period when the government dissolves and the power to rule is granted to any and all people . 
  he just sounds like a brat . 
  shady nasty ? 
  your name is shady nasty ? 
  according to whom ? 
  it 's never stated that border crossing is illegal . 
  relative to the racism , i would agree with you ; however , nazi germany was not fighting oppression or taking back their homeland -- they were invading other countries . 
  it is the empire that is more like the nazis than the stormcloaks . 
  i would compare the stormcloaks more closely to the french resistance . 
  close , the color of the empire is red . 
  it 's ironic that you say stormcloaks ca n't be compared to the french resistance because they institute pogroms ( citation , please ? 
  ) , yet you go on to ignore the fact that the empire is doing the exact same thing as the third reich : expanding well beyond their borders . 
  i 'll make my criteria a bit more clear :, 
  french resistance : repelling foreign invaders, 
  stormcloak rebellion : repelling foreign invaders, 
  nazi germany : invading foreign countries, 
  the empire : invading foreign countries, 
  yes , actually . 
  that 's why they 're stereotypes . 
  they would n't be stereotypes if there were n't some inkling of truth to them . 
  do n't judge , do you have any idea how expensive it is to make sure black do n't crack ? 
  you seem to disregard the fact that several of the points can apply to both the empire and the stormcloaks . 
  neither are the good guys -- they both suck . 
  i dunno , maybe you 'll become the new scott . 
  that 's not true , actually . 
  i just saw a post a few hours ago that compared the prices of fast food and groceries . 
  for around $ 20 you can buy several more groceries that would last longer than fast food . 
  it is when they say they should only pay for one airline ticket when they take up two seats . 
  it 's like he wants to be george clooney , but is actually vince vaughn . 
  it 's the anterior section of a vaginer . 
  did you see boy in the striped pajamas ? 
  an entire movie of anorexic fat-shamers , i tell you !, 
  it 's funny that you hold women to a specific standard of what they must be in order to be marriage material , though i 'm sure if a woman did the same you 'd claim she was a hypergamistic , solipsistic whore because you ca n't fit her standards . 
  the mod response , though ... 
  they 're developing methods to undo that , i believe . 
  i agree with you and the person you replied to for different reasons . 
  i believe fat acceptance is part of feminism much in the same way a cancerous growth is part of the human body . 
  it 's not supposed to be there , but it worked its way in . 
  i think it stems from so many haes/fat acceptance advocates likening the `` fat struggle '' with the women 's rights , civil rights and lgbt movements . 
  it 's just sad at this point . 
  it 's like the entire basis of titp is shifting blame , `` it 's not my fault i weight 300 pounds !, 
  it 's ( genetics , my condishun , my family , my bad knees , society , vegetables , hydroxycut , jenny mccarthy , obama , water pollution ) 's fault ! '', 
  seems they 're just latching on to whatever excuse they can and hoping it sticks . 
  as a gay man , fuck you too , lady . 
  do n't you dare compare your inability to walk up a flight of stairs without an emt resuscitation team at the top with my being gay . 
  i do n't know why i even bother , rhonda , it 's not like the dumb-dumbs are even listening . 
   reading les mis . 
  rule # 1 : cardio, 
  just kidding , you guys have great beer ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ danskj\u00e4vlar, 
  i disagree , unicorns and fairies would feasibly appear in our plane of existence , whereas the abrahamic god exists outside of space and time . 
  in the united states , a circumcised penis * is * normal . 
  no , he 's saying you should n't be rewarded with a special parking spot because you eat 5,000 calories a day . 
  i think it 's important to make distinctions when it comes to spelling in a language ; it 's always better to diversify in a language rather than to synthesize . 
  because the words we assign to things are arbitrary ( while they may be based in other languages such as latin and greek and so forth , their words are arbitrary , as well ) it 's important to recognize the difference lest `` they 're , their , there '' and any other variation that may exist becomes one singular word with several ambiguous definitions . 
  also , i find the whole `` your/you 're '' issue to be almost entirely anglophone-centric . 
  in non-english speaking countries , the meaning of your and you 're are much more heavily stressed , so that a student will recognize the difference . 
  nothing he said was even remotely racist . 
  he stated a fact about hygiene practice all across the muslim world . 
  every other god damn comment is about circumcision . 
  to the pro-circumcision people : just let your child decide, 
  to the anti-circumcision people : stop insulting my cut penis, 
  genetics only cause around 10-20 pounds of weight gain . 
  if you weigh 250 + pounds , it 's your lifestyle , not your genes . 
  we 'll be annexing cedar point soon . 
  you can keep the rest . 
  sorry , latvia , you were n't invited . 
  sweden constantly makes fun of norway , meanwhile denmark is too busy getting high with france to notice . 
   otherwise known as a `` car that was popular 30 years ago . '', 
  europeans : doing more work for less reward .
