  answers . 
  [ i also have a comic ] ( https://1-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/q/image/1366/84/1366842580838.png ) for the new york times , and i believe it 's of an equal if not better quality . 
  `` are you gay ? '', 
  `` yes '', 
  because i do n't give a fuck . 
  do you want to be my token black friend whose opinions i can trot out whenever someone disagrees with me ? 
  you fucking grammar-gatekeeper . 
  well , i 'm 1/8 ,637,962 nds cherokee indian , i 'm just white-passing , so i 'm just collecting specimens for my poc menagerie , but i do n't have any black people yet . 
  you guys got to dissect frogs ?!, 
  all we got to dissect were a sheep 's eyeball and a cow heart . 
  i do n't like this study . 
  the surveyors started with 488 people but cut it down to 296 because their definitions of feminism did n't line up with the surveyors ' , then cut it down even further to 207 , removing those who were unsure if they were feminists or not . 
  all in all , this study has a very narrow scope if the only considerations for demographics are feminist/non-feminist and white/non-white , 18-24 year old university students . 
  that 's why he wore a kilt . 
  balls of steel ca n't be contained by mere pants , they must be allowed to swing free like the sweaty pendulums that they are . 
  no , they would just use it as firepower to prove their point . 
  poverty, 
  and let 's not forget the algerians , tunisians , moroccans , cameroonians , madagascarans , malians , rwandans , burundians , togolese , beninese , nigeriens , central african republicans , djiboutis and the ivory coasters . 
  homosexuality was legal under lenin . 
  it was criminalized after stalin came to power . 
  it 's just a matter of the jewelry pushing the skin out of the way and it sort of getting `` stuck . '', 
  if you leave the ring out for a few days you 'll notice your urethra returns to its original size . 
  two quarters ? 
  that 's just half , right ? 
  major wow-factor, 
  not only that , but he can also slip into hodor 's skin . 
  well , if r was actually his father , he 'd be jon waters ( lol ) or jon storm . 
  it does n't matter much either way . 
  jon would still be a bastard and aemon would still be an old man with no heirs . 
  despite the curse of mirri maz duur , daenerys is ( as far as most know ) a viable , legitimate claimant to the throne . 
  it 's a reference to the city of troy itself , which was said to have had * `` impenetrable walls '' * ( hence why the mycenaean army built the trojan horse ) . 
  your response is both well thought-out and mature . 
  that 's not saying much . 
  some of the countries with the lowest incarceration rates include the central african republic , burkina faso and india . 
  that 's gonorrhea . 
  it does n't show the huge swaths of europe conquered by the mongols , either . 
  wow, 
  what would we not consider bad if not for those religions ? 
  proof ? 
  bitch , people have known this for literally * thousands * of years . 
  as someone who watches gay porn on the reg . 
  just no . 
  you 're putting the cart before the horse with that mayo clinic study . 
  gay men are n't at a higher risk for stds , depression , suicide or drug/alcohol abuse because they 're gay , they 're at a higher risk for those things because of the way society has stigmatized being gay . 
  exactly , and when was the last time you heard about safe sex between men being taught in a health class ? 
  alright , gang , we 're going to play the bear and the maiden fair for the next four hours on a non-stop loop !, 
  and a one , two , a one , two , three , four !, 
  where did i say that ? 
  i said safe sex for gay men is n't taught in health classes . 
      yyyyy : yyyyy yyyyy yy yyyyy yyyyy yyyyyyyy yyy yyy yy yyyyyyy . 
     ftfy, 
    ftfy, 
   ftfy, 
  ftfy, 
  what 's that , you have difficulty studying in a room full of shouting people ? 
  guess what ? 
  you 're autistic !, 
   marriage and relationships are a business transaction , and without a degree , you 're a risky investment . 
  honey ... 
  it 's pretty understandable . 
  they throw themselves into their religion with as much zeal as possible in the hopes that it will turn them straight . 
  alright , ladies , welcome to women 's studies !, 
  we 're going to talk about men for the next 4 years . 
  that 's why i like cats . 
  their pragmatism makes them more human-like than dogs . 
  world sentiment worked out so well for crimea . 
  israel already withdrew from the gaza strip ... 9 years ago . 
  it 's dependent on the individual guy , but being short does n't carry the same stigma among gay people as it does among straight people . 
  for example , i dated a guy who was 5 ' 2 '' and another guy who was 6 ' 6 '' . 
  it 's the land of the united states government as native americans no longer have control over it . 
  yes , palestine was held by the ottoman empire , then it was held by the british empire , now it 's held by israel . 
  land changes hands and will continue to do so as long as humans are around to draw borders . 
  all robots are members of the church of robotology . 
  that 's why they celebrate robonukkah every year . 
  i was staring at the ankh for 5 minutes thinking , `` i know i 've seen this , where have i seen this ? '', 
  god , it 's been years since i 've played vtm . 
  anarchs for life !, 
  algerians are overwhelmingly of berber and turkish origin i.e. 
  not black . 
  yeah , they 'd be koreaboos . 
  as long as there is n't a vein running through the underside of your penis where the piercing would be , i do n't see why she or anyone else would n't be able to do it . 
  canadians, 
  something similar actually happened to my father . 
  he was dating this girl and after a while they introduced their parents ( my grandfather , a widower , and her mother , a divorc\u00e9e ) . 
  my grandfather ended up marrying her . 
  fortunately , or unfortunately , my father broke up with the girl before they got married , so his exgirlfriend became his stepsister . 
  then my father met my mother and married her and i 've still yet to meet this stepsister/exgirlfriend . 
  that was a common theme throughout . 
  remember the piano that he never played , or the silk shirts he never wore , or the gold plated books he never read ? 
  he never got any joy out of all the expensive things he owned , he only had them to impress daisy . 
  if you 're going to use a trema , at least go whole hog and use an aigu as well ( na\u00efvet\u00e9 ) . 
  i 'm not sure about others ' results , but it made a marked difference for me . 
  i went from 210 to 155 and i gained an inch and a half . 
  there 's two things . 
  1 ) the law does n't criminalize homosexuality , but homosexual behavior 2 ) it 's the hope of the nigerian penal system that prison time will either stop you from doing gay stuff or make you straight . 
  assuming you wipe the jewelry off and regularly clean your genitals , there 's no problem . 
  and if the guy took it out ? 
  wow , i was just about to go to cvs to pick up a test . 
  if i could save $ 40 , then i 'll take one , please !, 
  i do n't know what anyone in this thread is talking about .
