  pretty sure there was a video of the president of south africa chanting a song about killing white people . 
  the egyptians had known that for quite a while , which is why their statues often arms that were fused with the body of the sculpture , much like [ this ] ( http://historylists.org/images/thutmose-iii-statue.jpg ) . 
  there 's no such thing as an ethnic religion . 
  there are religions whose primary adherents are a particular ethnicity , but there 's no religion that says you can only be a certain ethnicity to be a part of it . 
  petyr is everyone 's enemy , they just do n't necessarily know it . 
  striking a 500 for edge , drop in a scrim and gel , add a 4k for key and attach a stinger . 
  doing an ext , pop a muff on that shotgun . 
  this is * amazing * , i 'm loving every thing about this . 
  as a side note , katya 's sign should say \u0444\u0438\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0442\u043e\u0432\u0430\u044f \u0432\u0435\u0449\u044c, 
  yes , let 's forget the fact that homosexuality is still illegal in 77 countries and is punishable by death in 5 . 
  right , i forgot that it 's totally legal to fire someone for being black , oh wait , that 's only legal if you 're gay . 
  or that same-sex marriage is still illegal in 14 states . 
  or that the last sodomy laws were struck down in 2003 . 
  or that gay men still are n't allowed to donate blood like everyone else . 
  or that 40 % of homeless people under the age of 18 are lgbt . 
  or that gay men are 2x more likely to suffer from depression , 3x more likely to abuse drugs and alcohol , and 6x more likely to attempt suicide . 
  but yeah , you 're right , what 's the point of gay rights ? 
  being gay is clearly a walk in the park . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/press/new-study-confirms-40-percent-of-homeless-youth-are-gay/ ) that source on homelessness . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc1447240/ ) another source linking hostile/abusive environments to higher incidences of suicide , depression and drug abuse among gay men . 
  you say it should be legal to fire someone for being black , but then how hard it was to be black in the 50 's . 
  civil rights activists actively fought for the passage of the civil rights acts of 1957 , 1960 , and 1964 specifically because black people still were n't allowed to vote and there was no repercussion for firing someone of a different race . 
  do you not see how counterintuitive that sounds ? 
  it was hard to be black in the 50 's , so the government made it a bit easier , and now you 're saying they have no business doing so ? 
  pick one , either life sucks or the government helps you out because there are still plenty of racists , sexists , and homophobes in the world who would be more than happy to fire their employees if they could . 
  and again , we 'll also disregard the fact that homosexuality was classified as a mental illness in the 50 's and gay people were commonly arrested for it , or that gay people were and continue to be murdered . 
  you hear that ?!, 
  five women are murdered a week !, 
  so because the study was funded by a special interest group it 's no longer true ? 
  all those homeless gay youth just disappear in a puff of smoke ? 
  you said that correlation does not equal causation . 
  you were implicitly saying that gay people are n't committing suicide at a much higher rate because they 're gay , but i proved that they are . 
  yes , civil rights were about treating everyone the same , which included having equal opportunity of employment , which is why the act of '64 made discrimination on the basis of race , sex , religion or national origin illegal nationwide . 
  you say , '' ... it was entirely about making sure the law treated citizens equally . '', 
  and that 's exactly what its purpose was , that your consideration for a job would be based off of your skills regardless of your race . 
  where did i say that i thought the world was full of racism and homophobia ? 
  you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  you were saying that being gay in the united states is nothing like being black , i showed that it 's equally shitty for both sides . 
  if the second poster is right in saying that he 's messianic , then he is n't a jew . 
  this pretty much sums up sjws : debating skills of a 7-10 year old . 
  but ... semitic is a linguistic identity , so jews who speak hebrew , are by definition , semitic . 
  the same would be said of arabic speaker , chaldeans and amharic speaking ethiopians . 
  is he a comedy writer or ayn rand ? 
  so much stupid . 
  oh , it 's predominately white people selling it in colorado ? 
  it could n't possibly be because 81.3 % of coloradans are white while only 4 % are black , could it ? 
  nah , it must be racism . 
  `` you 're not a whore , but you are wearing a whore 's uniform . '', 
  that sad thing about that ? 
  that argument has been made before , that even when it 's two men having sex , one takes on the `` female '' role and is degraded by being penetrated . 
  and that was coming from a feminist blog . 
  lancel is her cousin , not her nephew . 
  too late, 
  true , but republicans used to be liberal while democrats were conservative . 
  the ideological shift only occurred in the past 60 years or so . 
  you just have internalized anti-semitism . 
  once you 're able to finally accept your transjewkinness you 'll fully embrace the national past time of your people . 
  or , for that matter , why would she need hrt ? 
  surely if she were a woman regardless it would n't matter what her testosterone or estrogen levels are . 
  at first i thought those crouching lions were dicks . 
  that would n't be the case for ancient egyptians , however . 
  the muslim conquest of egypt did n't start until the 700 's a.d. 
  but `` prejudiced '' does n't have the same impact that calling someone racist does . 
  it 's not a buzzword , so it 's less likely for someone to have a visceral reaction to it . 
  the saddest/funniest part is that the first line is quoted from an actual tumblr . 
  i do n't blame the soda because the soda is n't a conscious being and has no choice over whether it explodes or not . 
  i a mouse , duh . 
  good way to lose a hand . 
  and could i get that iced ? 
  `` could i get a shaken iced cappuccino with the ice strained out ? '', 
  hehe , grande blonday, 
  but ... mah microfoam . 
  that 's the actual recipe , but you 're not really going to get `` red velvet '' since red velvet is just chocolate with red food coloring , so we add raspberry syrup to make it red , but that obviously changes the flavor . 
  so i would have named it `` raspberry truffle '' or something to that effect . 
  i love our clover . 
  every cup is so smooth regardless of roast . 
  i would go over your sm 's head . 
  that 's a breach of policy and completely unacceptable . 
  who ever heard of a sad clown ? 
  legally , it is , actually . 
  much like corsica , it 's a part of france . 
  light skin is seen as being more attractive the world over from india to japan to italy . 
  it 's not due to white influence , it 's due to a very simple fact : lighter skin is associated with wealth and intelligence because it implies that you do n't have to work outside . 
  this is especially true in countries like india where many people make their living as laborers . 
  i agree , though it is still technically within french borders . 
  because with your attitude there 'd still be `` colored only '' and `` whites only '' restaurants , theaters , etc. 
  yes , states ' rights ... to own other people, 
  it 's not possible . 
  eddard 's body is nothing but bones this point and the bones were taken north with roose 's host . 
  the body may have decayed slightly , and qyburn would have most likely drained all the blood out of the body , giving a pale appearance . 
  la clause de protection \u00e9gale . 
  well , if he does block any marriages then he 'll be held in contempt of court and can be impeached and/or disbarred for it . 
  that 's the case for everyone ; i do n't remember the exact percentage , but the department of justice reports that well over 70 % of murder victims are murdered by someone of their own race . 
  the titanic 's grand staircase was destroyed ( some speculate completely `` ejected '' ) when it sank . 
  it 's actually how the rovers travel from deck to deck inside the ship because it 's just a giant open shaft now . 
  not really , i speak russian , but i just ignored the letters and looked at the color , much like i do for the english . 
  vodka would translate as `` little water , '' as my russian friend puts it , `` because there 's little water in it ! '', 
  no , i keep the men i sleep with and the men i 'm friends with separate . 
  is n't gonorrhea painful ? 
  how did you not know you had it ?
