  source ? 
  there are actually a select few who deny that the holocaust ever happened at all ; granted , they 're an extreme minority , but they do hold that position . 
  the civil war was n't about slavery and civil rights ; abraham lincoln was just a huge troll who freed the slaves to piss the south off . 
  could you just repost it , please ? 
  i do n't much like the idea of digging through a thread of 800 + comments . 
  you 're making a pretty extreme jump if you go from leftist to socialist to marxist . 
  that 'd be like going from libertarian to conservative to fascist . 
  logically speaking , whether or not it 's good or bad is irrelevant to your argument . 
  you only stated that the outcome was the same ; you never said that one outcome was bad and one was good . 
  i think that 's just due to an inherent misunderstanding of freedom of speech . 
  you can say whatever you want ; however , you ca n't get upset or angry if other people shout you down for what you say -- as they are exercising their freedom of speech . 
  yes , it may not be particularly civil , but they 're allowed to say whatever they please and hold whatever views they please , regardless of how offensive they may be to you . 
  likewise , you 're allowed to degrade , hate and want to take away their freedom of speech . 
  that 's how it works with universal freedoms . 
  regardless of whether homosexuality is natural or unnatural , why would that qualify it as a sin ? 
  we obviously do n't consider masturbation and homosexuality among animals as a sin despite the fact that it is contrary to natural order . 
  as a college liberal , i 'll only verbally abuse you if your differing opinion is completely illogical or discriminatory . 
  people who 've gotten circumcised later in life do n't report any diminished amount of pleasure afterward . 
  as a circumcised male , all i have to do is stimulate my frenulum and that 'll do the job . 
  i 've never needed lube while masturbating , either . 
  hipsters do n't like other hipsters . 
  i have to agree with op 's point ; when an american bashes america , he is doing so because he actually lives in america and he knows what it 's like , whereas a non-american can only base his opinion on what he 's topically observed . 
  i equate it to me calling ukrainians ignorant , while i know a thing or two about ukraine 's history and government , i would never make the claim that i knew enough to judge its people as ignorant . 
  your reverse psychology is n't going to work on me , buster brown !, 
  hey , you leave my cock-sucking out of this !, 
  masturbation is n't how we as a species are supposed to survive and replicate , but that has n't stopped most of the adult male population of the world . 
  which he then promptly spends on more tattoos . 
  as a michigander , thank you for being indoctrinated . 
  spread the usage of `` pop '' to the rest of the world !, 
  it 's also one of the happiest and most progressive countries in the world . 
  son of a bitch , i 'm sick and tired of this passive-aggressive , proselytizing bullshit . 
  `` look at how vicious my pittbull is !, 
  she 'll kiss you to death ! '', 
  all dogs are deadly animals ; pit bulls were bred as fighting dogs and as such are naturally more aggressive than other breed-types . 
  if you want to try and deny these facts then you 're an ignoramus . 
  hnnng , unnf and all the other onomatopoeia of sex sounds that can be communicated through a computer . 
  i knew all those french and russian lessons would paid off one day !, 
  which country and which king is this ? 
  basically anything anyone could obsess over , that is to say , everything . 
  people on reddit go from having a normal interest in something to full on obsession . 
  also , i find it interesting that people who say they hate atheism are getting upvotes , while those who hate christianity are receiving downvotes . 
  as a gay acting major , dammit ... 
  that 's true , but not everyone can sing well . 
  i can sing perfectly on pitch with good intonation , but the timbre of my voice sounds nasally and unpleasant all the same . 
  actor, 
  acting is a lot harder than most people think , and many people do n't know the true purpose of acting . 
  i 'm not acting to entertain you , i 'm acting to portray the human experience , which you find entertaining . 
  napoleon stood and thought : the road to evil is wide . 
  on the field he stood and thought : the road to a goat is wide . 
  unfortunately , the only photo of my handwriting that i had was this sample of russian , but it looks identical to the way i write in english . 
  wow , you look exactly like my girl friend 's boyfriend . 
  yeah ... if you could just take your pants off for us , that 'd be great . 
  probably because cheese is one of the most delicious things on this earth . 
  you must be getting some bad coconut . 
  coconut to me just looks like pale almond slivers . 
  til redditors have problems with completely normal fucking food . 
  it is when you 're attempting to pass legislation that will limit the happiness of other citizens . 
  but then again , it makes it pretty damn difficult to shoot an entire room of people without a gun , eh ? 
  this is turning me gay ... er, 
  i 've found it to be a 50-50 split among gay guys as well . 
  some of my gay friends can barely speak english , while others are fluent in 2 or more languages . 
  personally , english is my native language , but i 'm also fluent in french , russian and swedish . 
  i have a limited understanding of german and italian . 
  my knowledge of hebrew and arabic is rather elementary . 
  i 'm a white male , but i 'm also gay , so i have the innate ability to dance . 
  it 's three rectangles ... how is that art ? 
  1 ) you bash pretentious people by being pretentious, 
  2 ) unusual art is good . 
  flicking paint off a brush at a canvas is not unusual art , it 's just stupid . 
  you just took 800 words to say absolutely nothing . 
  wait ... this actually happens ? 
  that is literally a gay porn fantasy come true . 
  you 're stupid . 
  your slippery slope is showing . 
  no true scotsman fallacy . 
  well , if you go and look at how the person who posted the original comment is reacting , rational discussion is out of the question . 
  people have provided him with citations , facts and statistics and he 's just been lashing out because he 's been pressed against a logical wall . 
  the fact that you have gay friends is irrelevant . 
  you 're still homophobic . 
  pandas are chinese ... 
  what if a woman lives in a city that does n't have a gay bar ? 
  then she has to go to a regular bar where she has no choice whether or not she 's hit on . 
  one should n't assume that a woman is looking for sex because she 's at a bar by herself . 
  no , and i did n't say anything that would warrant that suspicion on your part . 
  thereby implying that a woman ca n't be a victim in this situation ? 
  that 's an idiotic notion . 
  it 's a remarkable affront to modern society that one would promote killing a would be rapist rather than just teaching people not to rape people . 
  women are emotional creatures . 
  what year is this , 1873 ? 
  time to jump into the 21st century , sigmund . 
  you set yourself up pretty easily for an anecdotal fallacy , there . 
  there 's no such thing as an objective observation in this case . 
  the way you perceive something is entirely different from the way i perceive it , so it 's impossible to create `` fact '' from what you , and you alone , have seen . 
  wait , wait , wait ... you want peer reviewed evidence when all you 're bringing to the table is personal subjectivity ? 
  hey , guess what ? 
  whales can fly . 
  i have my anecdotal evidence and observations of it , so clearly it must be true . 
  i even have a ** theory ** for it , because i 've applied the scientific method and have been able to recreate my results the same way each time !, 
  obviously this is hyperbole , but that seems the entirety of the red pill theory . 
  he 's not whining , he 's calling you on your bullshit .
