  can confirm , am super transphobic , i do n't want all these transwomen coming for my gig . 
  a friend of mine was a champagne host at a strip club in nyc . 
  she never even took her clothes off and could easily make 5k a night on the weekends . 
  `` your runway was out of this world , but in the challenge you had us phoning home . '', 
  yeah , they 're treatable for now , but new resistant strains are constantly evolving . 
  so many people think they can just pop a pill and not have to worry about it , but our society is becoming far too antibiotic-happy . 
  people should definitely use them , but people should also be more careful about their sexual health in the first place . 
  everyone on grindr ? 
  they did n't use chili peppers . 
  common spices like ginger , garlic , cardamom , cinnamon , coriander and the like have been used in india for thousands of years . 
  it 's also a geographic factor . 
  humans living in colder climates would n't have been able to grow crops during the winter , so they would store what fruits and vegetables they could , but their diets would mostly consist of meats and grains during the winter . 
  what ? 
  there are plenty of countries with states . 
  the official name of mexico is the united mexican states . 
  yeah , but no one cares when some guy from backwoods mississippi starts n wording it up . 
  it becomes a problem when the president starts encouraging it . 
  i did n't say anything about the electoral college ? 
  i just said that the us is n't the only country to have states , which is a factual statement . 
  again , where did i even remotely mention voting ? 
  stop appropriating russian names !, 
  french fries and burrito coverings !, 
  he 's in new york, 
  that was 2 , now there are hundreds out there , and we are n't the only ones controlling them . 
  by about 1500 years, 
   ... on an individual level, 
  so overeating only makes you obese when you do it with other people ? 
  not even then . 
  abortions have to be within the first trimester i.e. 
  12 weeks . 
  a baby 's sex ca n't reliably be determined until 18-20 weeks . 
   omg , other gay people are upset at me because i support a political party that actively discriminates against them ??? 
  why are they so upset ?? 
  i 'm going to call bullshit on your false equivalency . 
  the republican party is actively trying to discriminate against gay people . 
  is there a major political party that advocates discrimination against white/christian people ? 
  did those interests concern your humanity ? 
  not likely . 
  you being upset because da liberullzz are making you pay more taxes or whichever interest they impeded on pales in comparison to the fact that the republican party does n't want gay people to exist . 
   who the fuck is talking about that ? 
  you are . 
  can you not see that by conflating gay conservatives with black people and muslims you 're implicitly stating they hold political ideologies that promote discrimination against whites/christians ? 
  no one is suggesting that conservatism is anti-gay . 
  however , the american conservative party has made it part of its party platform , which is why people take umbrage with gay people supporting it . 
  are you surprised that people would be uncomfortable with someone with that ideology around them ? 
  a more apt comparison , since it crops up so frequently , would be :, 
   nazis are n't welcome in jewish spaces because the people they support are an existential threat to our rights and our community . 
  a dazzling place i never knew, 
  to be fair , he was still black when thriller came out . 
  are you seriously trying to say a jewish person would be a nazi for not wishing an actual nazi to be near him ? 
  think about it . 
  i said political party , not one person within that party . 
  i do n't know whether you read the original new york post article , but what the author of this article is making reference to is that the original author found his friends no longer wanted to be around him and people treated him poorly at a gay bar . 
  at no point did anyone say `` you are disallowed from coming to this bar , '' but he was made to feel unwelcome i.e. 
  gay conservatives are n't allowed in gay spaces . 
  it was never a matter of barring someone from going somewhere or expressing their opinions , just that they should be aware of how the people around them will react to those opinions . 
  the american people did n't vote for him to be president , the electoral college did . 
  she 's not holding back !, 
  i read an interesting piece that suggested that people who say `` being gay is a choice '' tend to have bisexual or homosexual tendencies and * they * choose to be straight . 
  it 's a form of projection ; it 's a choice for them , so they figure everyone must have homosexual desires and choose to not act on them . 
  they do n't in general , most people use a hair pin to hold them on . 
  ladies and gentlemen , please welcome to the stage , silaizo neetei !, 
  bring your left hip forward to square off the hip points . 
  squeeze the shins toward one another to get lift in the right thigh and bring the left heel over the toes to activate the left gluteus . 
  robbie 's hairline was n't too high , it was just harder than violet with a santino rice poster . 
  and generally , in arabic they use the word \u0644\u0648\u0637\u064a , meaning sodomite . 
  babe , calm down , i 'm trying to get a high score !, 
  it might change how you feel about it , but that bullet does n't discriminate . 
  hummus is gluten free to begin with . 
  i 'm not going to lie , my butthole clenched a little . 
  i work at a gay bar , we had t-shirts that said `` gay lick pride '' on them . 
  no one was offended . 
  my mom just has her lobes pierced . 
  my brother has a lobe , nostril , and lip piercing . 
  mmmmm brownies . 
  two for flinching, 
  i said i felt, 
  [ aquatic , you say ? 
  ] ( https://d.wattpad.com/story_parts/78289241/images/13a13115923777a6.jpg ), 
  she missed the bus, 
  i love how she brings up the `` i paid for my seat so it 's not fair for you to spill over into it '' argument and never tries to refute it because there 's no way to justify taking up more space than you paid for . 
  well , he said he was going to take her to the moon and back in one night . 
  fatter joe, 
  in the same way chinese , japanese and korean speakers struggle with r and l or speakers of most languages with th ; if that phoneme is n't in your language , then you 're probably going to struggle with the nuance of it . 
  bear in mind that finnish is an agglutinative language , so articles are n't necessary due to the meaning being contained within the suffixes . 
  english is n't capable of making nuances within noun forms like a declined language , so articles are necessary to convey the same meaning . 
  if anything , i 'd say that makes him easier to hate . 
  he did all those very human things like make jokes and play with puppies , which makes it all the more egregious that he 'd be able to do such inhumane things . 
  a monster being a monster is expected , a human being a monster is what 's horrifying . 
  when i was in england i did a lot of my own cooking , and i found even base ingredients had no flavor . 
  i had to dump a bunch of herbs on my fried eggs and the milk tasted like water . 
  i do n't think it 's expensive at all . 
  a lot of the places by me charge around $ 8-12 for an entr\u00e9e , and it comes with rice and naan . 
  a few of them also have thali for around $ 10 . 
  bitch wrote that herself . 
  the barista would have written 3 ps . 
  my character is a male dunmer , and i walked by him in only boots and my loincloth and he says , `` put a sack on at least , you 're making me ... unseasonably warm . '', 
  i have been looking to buy a physical copy of the qu ` ran ; however , i 'm worried that the translations at my local bookstore/online wo n't be true to the original text , because they 're seemingly all translated by non-native arabic speakers . 
  it has been suggested that i go to the local mosque , but the `` local '' mosque is over 60 miles away . 
  i 'm hoping that someone here will be able to give me some suggestions .
