  that 's what he 's saying . 
  extremism is n't just limited to religion , it can extend to several other ideologies e.g. 
  fascism . 
  the majority of them were n't even enslaved by europeans , they were enslaved by neighboring tribes who then sold them to europeans . 
  plus , every kid loves mlk because he gets them a day off of school every year . 
  i spent my mlk day every year watching `` our friend , martin '' and crying like a bitch . 
  to hide the stretch marks, 
  but that 's not white privilege , that 's majority privilege . 
  if you 're black in ethiopia you 'll have privilege , if you 're chinese in china you 'll have privilege . 
  you 're always going to be treated better when the majority of the people around you are like you . 
  sounds like `` the dreams in the witch house '' by h.p. 
  lovecraft . 
  not to mention his grip . 
  as soon as he tries to fire he 's going to torque the fuck out of it . 
  if you want to talk statistics , then she should be more afraid of dying by her own hand . 
  fun fuct : `` avocat '' is the french word for both lawyer and avocado . 
  if you go to [ st. jerome 's wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jerome ) it 's pretty obvious he was white especially considering he was born in slovenia ( at the time dalmatia ) . 
  picture two is exactly that , not in europe . 
  saint maurice may have never even set foot in bohemia . 
  he was an egyptian christian who was sent to proselytize in switzerland and was martyred there . 
  i went and read her other post about bohemian art and she brings up [ this photo ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/f1c6293c37141c4dd72aa66d31527a57/tumblr_inline_n07voq9coa1rpr1t4.png ) of the queen of sheba . 
  the queen of fucking sheba , as in , the queen of ethiopia . 
  it 's like she thinks europeans would have had no knowledge of what other people looked like unless they had seen them firsthand . 
  white people have no control over slavery in the past . 
  you have control over being an asshole . 
  - has tumblr in french, 
  - french on page is grammatically incorrect, 
  - does n't post in french, 
  nothing to see here folks . 
  there 's a light over at the frankenstein place ... 
  crystals ? 
  you mean things that come out of the fucking ground ? 
  any acting instructor will tell you it 'd be a total copout to cast a transwoman to play a transwoman . 
  if you 're playing something that is n't challenging or does n't make you think , then you 're not acting , you 're just playing yourself . 
  i would n't even call it projecting , just being stupid . 
  you know why it 's considered slutty ? 
  because she 's doing it on a stripper pole . 
  i never douche and i never have a problem . 
  if i plan on having sex then i make sure to go the bathroom then i hop in the shower with a soaped up finger and just clean it up that way . 
  yes , the second age ended when the valar defeated melkor/morgoth and pushed him out of the reality of arda into the void . 
  albert einstein would have been 136 by now . 
  \\ #scientistlivesmatter, 
  people who do n't speak french need to stop putting french on their tumblrs . 
  i 'm not my husband 's property !, 
  i 'm my father 's property !, 
  it depends . 
  if i ask the guy out and i plan on going on a second date then i 'll pay . 
  if he asked me out i expect he 'll pay our we 'll split it . 
  [ `` dessert monster '' ] ( http://www.sweetlivingmagazine.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/monster-dessert.jpg ), 
  what ? 
  there 's thousands of photos of gas chambers on the internet . 
  you can even take a virtual tour of one of the gas chambers at auschwitz . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://fcit.usf.edu/holocaust/resource/document/document.htm ) a list of primary sources . 
  there really is a spongebob quote for everything . 
  pretty much . 
  if the united states intervenes then they 're the imperialist world police . 
  if they do nothing then they 're heartless isolationists . 
  the american/canadian/british clusterfuck did liberate a fair number of camps , but the soviets liberated more due to the fact that the majority of the camps were constructed in eastern germany and poland . 
  are your parents brangelina ? 
  you just carry that copy of mein kampf around with you , do yah ? 
   i do n't know about you , but i hate being told how to think . 
  now let me tell you how to think . 
  it only requires institutional inequality if it 's ... stick with me here ... institutional racism . 
  there 's a difference between institutional racism and interpersonal racism . 
  no , being called a racist is n't a damning indictment because of slavery or the holocaust , otherwise it would n't be considered an insult if you were to apply it to a black person or an asian person . 
  it 's a damning indictment because we 've evolved to a point where we know it 's illogical to discriminate . 
  the problem is that you and i have an inherent difference in our definitions of racism . 
  i define racism as denigrating or discriminating against people of different races or holding that one 's own race is superior , so in your instance of a black guy calling a white guy a honkey , i would indeed apply the label `` racism '' to it . 
  you seem to use the definition created by pat bidol in 1970 which stipulates that racism can only occur as a result of institutional power . 
  there 's a reason why there 's two separate terms , i.e. 
  interpersonal racism and institutional racism because they represent two different ideas . 
  to say that racism `` autocompletes '' to institutional racism is to completely dismiss racism that does n't occur on an institutional level as `` prejudice . '', 
  you know you 're fucked up when sjw 's look at you and go , `` that crazy bitch ? '', 
  some of those terms were gay terms before they were black terms . 
  stop appropriating my homoculture !!, 
  goddamn , bitch needs some toner or something . 
  her skin looks awful . 
  wxmynz, 
  interracial violence in and of itself is rare . 
  most violence in intraracial . 
  now that 's a meme i have n't heard in a long time . 
   `` oh but , it 's racist to ban someone on the basis of their skin colour , and sexist to ban them on their gender , '' cry the assembly chorus of confused souls trying to turn the language of progress into a weapon to further entrench the establishment . 
  it 's not . 
  you 're at university , go and ask a humanities professor . 
  learn something . 
  translation : `` i do n't actually have an argument for why i 'm not being totally racist , so go ask someone else to argue for me . '', 
  there are plenty of posts where they say africa was a matriarchal paradise where no one fought and they were completely accepting of gay and trans people and only became violent homophobic societies after they were colonized by europeans . 
  i know a guy named tym . 
  onionkins have layers, 
  [ she 's not a christiannnnaaahhh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bopva_iit-8 ), 
  i dunno , i thought it was funny . 
  as it stands everyone in eastern asia probably has some chinese or japanese ancestry at one point or another . 
  oh , what a douche , now he 's just going by his last name ? 
  that may be true to some extent , but that does n't mean it 's not serious . 
  there are roughly 24 million americans with eating disorders , 15 % of which are men . 
  it 's even more prominent by sexuality ; even at the most generous estimate gay men make up 5 % of the human population yet account for 42 % of men with eating disorders . 
  yeah , if they want to talk oppression by sheer numbers , then the jews have got black people beat by a landslide . 
  no , but see , you do n't support the * right kind * of equality . 
  she seems to forget one extremely important fact : you ca n't choose to be gay , you * can * choose to be fat . 
  it 's mind boggling that these people so inextricably attach an identity to themselves based on their own choices .
