  it 's stylized , but that 's how you write muhammad in arabic . 
  they were white first . 
  this article was just terrible . 
  between saying we offer poor customer service to saying we have poor coffee knowledge , they 're just hitting all the checkboxes on the douchebag checklist . 
  the biggest thing for me is that i did n't want to jostle it or unnecessarily upset it . 
  in the morning i wrapped my entire dick in tissue , rolled a condom over that and away i went . 
  i would do a sea salt soak later in the day , then rewrap it . 
  after 2 days the bleeding stopped , so i just wore snug underwear to keep everything in place . 
  if they did , there would certainly be people complaining about it . 
  when * memoirs of a geisha * came out it got a lot of flack because the lead actress and many other roles were played by chinese actors instead of japanese actors . 
  espresso , then water - americano, 
  water , then espresso - long black, 
  what , you think beyonc\u00e9 does n't have barry on speed dial ? 
  i use the nyx creme foundation stick . 
  it 's cheap , but it 's creamy and blends well . 
  i used ben nye for my contour here , but nyx 's darker colors work just as well , and my highlight is just a cheap ass maybelline concealer . 
  for my brows i shape them with an eyebrow pencil then shade them in with eyeshadow . 
  i wish , but i was using brown eyeliner , so it would n't have helped much . 
  i was going to taper the ends to lay flush with my lids , but i was in a time crunch . 
  you think so ? 
  she 's only held one elected title as a senator and was the secretary of state ( an appointed position ) for four years . 
  meanwhile , bernie has been in the game since 1981 first as a mayor , then a representative , then a senator . 
  so that 's hillary 's 12 years to bernie 's 35 . 
  when you 're ringing someone up and they 're paying with a card but you need to get cash for the bitch customer who wants to break a $ 100 , you can hit the big `` cash '' button . 
  the customer pays with their card like normal but the drawer pops open . 
  because curing a disease is a lot more important that just managing it . 
  anyone else notice the lights and camera crew in the reflection of his sunglasses ? 
  a simple question to all this `` need for inclusiveness in jk rowling 's work '' nonsense is `` why ? '', 
  why is she obligated to have characters of differing races , sexualities , genders , etc. 
  if it does n't affect the narrative ? 
  voldemort is still a dick whether harry is black or white . 
  bear in mind the romans drew heavily on greek culture and society ; they did n't start acting crazy until they adopted christianity . 
  there are several reasons for the failure of the roman empire : war , overexpansion , economic stagnation , mismanagement . 
  there 's not one solid reason . 
  meh , i find all of our seasonal lattes , whether caramelized honey , smoked butterscotch , toasted graham , or any of the others end up just tasting like sugar once they 're mixed in with the milk and espresso . 
  all i can say is yikes . 
  you 've been reacting pretty hostilely toward everyone in this thread that even remotely disagrees with you . 
  i do n't really care what your position is , but an ad hominem attack like that makes you look like a dick . 
  the reality of the situation is not everyone sees things the way you do , and you have to accept that because your opinion is no more objective than anyone else 's . 
  true , people are often scared of things they do n't understand , but people are also scared of things that they know to be legitimately dangerous . 
  a lot of people are afraid of sharks because they 're literal killing machines , a lot of people are afraid of heights because you could fall and die , a lot of people are afraid of the dark because they effectively lose one of their senses , and hiv is a lifelong incurable disease that carries a heavy emotional , physical and financial burden for that person and that person 's partners . 
  what 's your end goal here , are you trying to convince people of your viewpoint or are you trying to be self-righteous ? 
  because attacking and belittling others ' opinions is n't a good way to win support . 
  giving everyone a chance ? 
  are we talking about the same decade where the national guard had to be called in so black kids could go to school ? 
  i 'm super , thanks for asking !, 
   * ... and that 's my onion *, 
  henny , you 're born naked and the rest is drag . 
  is curry a specified term in the uk ? 
  here in the us it 's a general term taken to mean a wide variety of indian dishes , so anything like palak paneer , malai kofta , pakora kadi , aloo gobi , rogan josh etc. 
  would be considered curries . 
  i think it 's because most people take curry as an uncountable object , so it sounds as awkward as saying `` a butter '' or `` a rice . '', 
  true , though those are usually contextualized as such i.e. 
  calling them thai curries or red , yellow , or green curries , and japanese curries . 
  as a general term i think most people with think of indian cuisine when they hear curry . 
  i thought this was about actual colorblindness and that it was flashing different colors so colorblind people could read it . 
  it 's great , their black fang is really good too . 
  they have a festival every summer where they present all of their new tastes . 
   that 's what we are going to have to settle for this time around . 
  see , that 's where i take umbrage , it seems like * every * election we 're just settling . 
  bernie is one of the few candidates that i 've been really excited about , and i 'm sure there are plenty of others who are tired of electing the lesser of two evils . 
  i 'd rather he be my king in the south ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you did n't answer his question . 
  why vote if you do n't like the nominees ? 
  respecting someone and liking someone are two entirely different emotions . 
  three out of those four things happened in the past , not 2016 . 
  homosexuality is legal in the entirety of the western world and people like that pastor are firmly part of the fringe group ; meanwhile , homosexuality is still illegal and punishable by imprisonment , torture or death . 
  the last time someone was executed for homosexuality in the western world was in 1835 in england . 
  the last time ( that we know of ) someone was executed for homosexuality in the arab world was 2013 in yemen . 
  y' all is n't just a southern thing , walk anywhere in metro detroit and you 'll only hear y' all a few dozen times . 
  not wanting a deadly weapon near you makes you a pussy ? 
  i hate to agree with an sjw , but do you not a see a problem with raising boys with the idea that they have to be hyper competitive and aggressive to be `` real men ? '', 
  that 's all well and good , i think those are things all people , men and women , should know regardless ; however , i think you 're placing too much importance on competition being inherent to masculinity , as if you 're not a man if you 're not in a constant state of conflict . 
  i 'm sure they 'd try and retroactively say that she was black . 
  disregarding the fact that poland is almost 100 % ethnically polish , she definitely was black !, 
  ** tl ; dr `` i know tolkien 's writing better than he does . 
  crawfish live in the ocean , they ca n't take all of them . 
  it 's old english , middle english is somewhat intelligible with modern english all the way back to about 1300 . 
  yes , and we saw how well that worked out when they tried to make alcohol illegal . 
  that 's all we needed to know , thank you , doctor . 
  you can still lose weight , unless this chromosomal variation allows you to defy the laws of thermodynamics . 
  because all thin/fit people are idiots and fat people are all intelligent and interesting , right ? 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable at all . 
  a relationship only exists if both parties `` approve '' of one another , and you should always work to be the best `` you '' you can be . 
  being that it 's just going through skin ( unlike a pa or apadravya which go through erectile tissue ) it should still close up like any piercing . 
  a bear, 
  `` you 're stupid and your friends are stupid too '', 
  or aka i have somewhere to be and do n't want to take an extra 45 minutes to do so . 
  that argument is a double edged sword , is it not self centered to hold up traffic because you ca n't get over 25mph ? 
  that does n't really change the point that cyclists hold up traffic . 
  why do hardcore cyclists get so defensive when people mention the fact that they move slowly relative to a car ? 
  right , driving behind a bicycle going 15 mph during rush hour traffic is only holding me back by a minute or two . 
  so what would you have drivers do ? 
  just go 15mph everywhere ? 
  so if i 'm driving behind a bike that 's going 15mph in a 40 and there 's no cars in front of the bicyclist , he 's not holding up traffic ? 
  or these `` idiots '' recognize the fact that bicyclists are harder to see , move slower , and have little to no protection in the case of a collision . 
  so dozens/hundreds of cars have to pass , possibly into oncoming traffic , for one bike ? 
  how is it faster ? 
  if i drive i can get to work in 10 minutes , if i bike it takes me 30 minutes or more because i 'm going less than half the speed . 
  that may be the case for you , but my `` hyperbolic and unrealistic '' scenario is very much a reality in the suburbs .
