  they do that any time something does n't agree with their mindset . 
  i remember a thread where a man was saying he was abused by his girlfriend and the sjws all basically said , `` women are abused more , so it does n't matter if a man gets abused . '', 
  mila kunis is actually ukrainian , but your point still stands . 
  from left to right : [ libyan , nubian , semite , egyptian ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/egyptian_races.jpg ), 
  bear in mind this was pulled from the tomb of seti i , who ruled from 1297 b.c. 
  to 1290 b.c. 
  * long * before the `` indo-aryan central asians '' invaded . 
  also , does the writer not realize that by talking about `` indo-aryan central asians '' she 'd be talking about modern-day afghanis and pakistanis , not arabs ? 
  pussy on the chain wax ? 
  who says that ? 
  yeah , two girls kiss and hug to show their friendship , but if i , a guy , were to hug or kiss my male friends everyone would flip the fuck out . 
  wh-what does that mean ? 
  you 're trying to start a thing , are n't you ? 
  well , 1 and 1,320 people get it . 
  you mean male-female rape ? 
  how do they not see that they 're the exact thing they 're fighting against ? 
   men have no right to tell women what to do with their bodies !, 
  let us feminists tell you what to do with your bodies , women !, 
  you literally raped her under the mistletoe . 
  talk about flying off the handle, 
  `` woo , body positivity for men ! '', 
  `` omg , women are so oppressed , women always have to be perfect , men do n't . 
  hairy legs , breeding heirs , egg shells ! '', 
  but it 's so much easier to complain about it on tumblr !, 
  i-uh ... what ? 
  `` most americans celebrate christmas '' = `` ur religion sux , go kill urself '', 
  thank you . 
  his face is too long , his nose is turned up at a weird angle and his eyes are way too small . 
  he is by no means conventionally attractive . 
  or six feet under . 
  i also thought it was a wolf . 
  it has a lithe body and a long snout , as opposed to the stocky body and short snout of a bear . 
  i 'm not sure what xe wanted to imply by that , but that monologue is about why life sucks . 
  rape is the godwin 's law of tumblr . 
  because you get a free `` i 'm always right '' card when you sign up for tumblr . 
  they 're just upset when people do n't realize this . 
  locked hair was actually pretty common among the hibernocelts , and there was a hairstyle called a polish plait that was basically one large dreadlock and was rather popular among nobility . 
  yeah , denim was created by a frenchman , therefor only french people are allowed to wear jeans , otherwise you 're appropriating their culture . 
  i 'm going to go kill all black people and trans people . 
  * what * ? 
  i 'm just venting . 
  they really need to stop censoring non-swear words , because 1 ) it 's stupid and 2 ) it takes me more than .021 seconds to understand their meaning . 
  or maybe you just have epilepsy . 
  [ yeah , like this german convert . 
  look at how poc he is with his blonde hair and blue eyes !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah8er8bet-0 ), 
  true , but for many muslim women in the western world , hijab and burqa are their personal choice , rather than it being mandated by law . 
  but can it really be that prominent ? 
  it seems every other sjw is `` camab '' or `` cafab . '', 
   he literally raped me today, 
  translation : he looked at her a third time . 
  unless it 's a disjunctive syllogism . 
  even if the truth value of the premise is false and the conclusion is true , the argument is valid . 
  for being so against victim blaming , these sjws sure do it a lot !, 
  guys , i like guys . 
  you can expect a huge drop in population in china , as well . 
  [ as of 2010 , for every one chinese woman there are 18.08 chinese men ] ( http://english.cri.cn/7146/2013/02/26/2702s750680.htm ) . 
  or , in other words , for every one chinese couple that has a child , there will be 17 chinese men who wo n't reproduce . 
  i support the super patriarchy \u2122 because i completely exclude wymyn from sexytimes . 
  i do n't remember which one it was , but there was a sjw who openly said that `` true '' feminism was women 's liberation , not equality . 
  she does n't want to be equal to men , she wants to be above men . 
  she 's upset because gay men have more oppression points for having been victims of the holocaust . 
  how is she supposed to win the oppression olympics if nobody 's tried to exterminate her yet , huh , schei\u00dfeshah ? 1 ?!!, 
  just remember : an unwanted pregnancy lasts 18 years , hiv lasts forever . 
   where did they say it was still okay to kill people ? 
  you must be new here . 
  she cares when japanese people are killed , because they 're poc . 
  but if they 're six million jews ? 
  no , fuck those whities . 
  is ... is that supposed to be poetry ? 
  what kind of shitty ass zoo are you going to where they have foxes ? 
  foxes are pretty commonplace in most of north america and western europe . 
  do you think this is a game ? 
  his/her/xir / eir/their argument being an argument of semantics , that gay people already have the right to marry someone of the opposite sex like everyone else . 
  white jokes : oh , those are just about * shitty * white people, 
  black jokes : oh . 
  god . 
  how dare you make a joke about an entire group of people you racist turdsultan !, 
   purple drank, 
  ftfy, 
  i was actually thinking just this . 
  if they 're so concerned with not appropriating other people 's cultures , then they should stop wearing jeans , speaking english and driving cars , because they were all developed by white people . 
  omfglgbtqiaaxyz , this is my friend 's roommate !, 
  i 've met this girl !, 
  she 's actually a really nice person and not sjw-y at all . 
  not even in the slightest . 
  she took an eastern asian film studies class with another friend of mine . 
  but the english language is something inherently white . 
  it 's grammar structure is germanic in origin and it 's heavily influenced by french , which is , in turn , influenced by gaulish and latin , which is influenced by greek . 
  what do these languages have in common ? 
  they were developed by white people . 
  while we 're on the subject of brienne , how long do you think it 's going to take before sjws decide to appropriate brienne and make her trans then start writing `` brian '' / jaime slash fiction ? 
  i think they mean that both tyrion and cersei have the drive and know how to get what they want , the only difference being that cersei lets her actions be clouded by her paranoia . 
   there 's gon na be five pizzas , and they 'll be delicious !, 
  it 's the horseshoe theory . 
  they care * so much * about maintaining the integrity of their non-white cultures , that they think whites and non-whites should n't associate . 
  flip the positions and it sounds a lot like something a racist from the 50 's would say , no ? 
  but my father ( who is of pure irish and german origin ) has black hair and dark brown eyes . 
  is my dad a poc in denial ? 
  i like the idea of a trans-transsexual .
