  the pumpkin spice latte has always had pumpkin flavor , but now the sauce has real pumpkin puree as opposed to artificial pumpkin flavoring . 
  percentages ca n't be fractions , doe ... 
  but notice how you had to convert 100 % / 100 % into 100/100 / 100/100 , because you ca n't divide or multiply percentages by fractions , only be decimals . 
  and did you notice the woman faxing her driver 's license has a fake `` hand ? '', 
  part of the hermany municipal area . 
  do you even go here ? 
  shirley temple is with 7-up or sprite , roy rogers is with pepsi or coke . 
  yeah , italian lattes do n't have foam ... if they 're made at home . 
  italians make them with heated milk and coffee from a moka pot . 
  obviously at a caf\u00e9 it will feature steamed milk and foam . 
  god . 
  he might just be a shower , he might even be one of those guys whose schlong gets shorter when aroused . 
  i doubt he would because he 'd most likely be intelligent enough to not post something there . 
  i 'm not going to go make a post in / r/powertools about my boyfriend then get pissy when they tell me that 's not the purpose of their sub . 
  there 's a difference between dealing with galaxygenders and being a dick . 
  you 're being a dick . 
  rule # 3 , bro . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  if you removed the quotation marks around `` diversity '' you could probably get a few thousand notes . 
  well , yeah , the soldiers are n't victims because they 're dead !, 
  if you keep it small ~ 8-6ga , the hole will shrink up enough to not make a difference . 
  when i was at 8 and 6 , i could just take the ring out and a few hours later the hole had shrunk enough that i could piss normally . 
  who ? 
  a lot of americans really do n't have that much disposable income . 
  after rent/mortgage , groceries , loan payments , car insurance , health insurance , bills and any other random things like that , i only have perhaps ~ $ 100 - $ 200 to spend throughout the month . 
  so even if i wanted to travel and managed to find dirt cheap travel and lodging , that would still cost hundreds if not over a thousand dollars , so i 'd have to go a year or more without buying anything like clothes or going out to eat to afford it . 
  because i 've left the country once in the past 21 years . 
  not really worth the investment . 
  yeah , you are . 
  i do n't have a passport because i live in the midwest and ca n't afford to travel . 
  i do n't have friends or family living abroad and i do n't know anyone rich who 's going to take me on a free trip to europe , so there 's really no point to having one . 
  yeah , fuck us for not having the money or time to go on vacation , right ? 
  because most americans ca n't afford to leave the country . 
  `` stop liking things i do n't like ! '', 
  it 's quite the opposite problem , the united states is an expensive place to live . 
  but i do n't travel at all , i ca n't afford it , that 's my point . 
  it depends , a traditional italian cappuccino is actually more like a flat white , with a thin layer of dense foam while a latte will have more foam . 
  though a traditional `` home made '' italian latte wo n't have foam , or even espresso , at all because it 's made with moka coffee and warmed milk . 
  the ethiopia is amazing , but i 'm really disappointed by the jamaica . 
  but you 're acting as if it 's a simple act of desiring to travel and * poof * you 're halfway around the world . 
  i would very much like to travel , but i do n't have the income to do so . 
  it 's disgusting how many people in this thread are getting downvoted and being called uneducated and ignorant for pointing out the fact that many people ca n't afford to travel . 
  wow , you managed to be condescending * and * a dick in * one * sentence !, 
  `` what do you mean you ca n't afford to travel to yurop ?!?!, 
  just stop buying food or paying your bills , then you 'll have plenty of money !!! '', 
  no , it 's not that the united states is poorer , it 's that things are very very expensive here . 
  rent for an apartment can be anywhere from $ 600 - $ 1,400 + / month depending on where you live , in addition to paying for things like bills , insurance ( the us does n't have government subsidized healthcare like au ) , loan payments ( university tuition also is n't subsidized ) , car insurance ( which can be pretty exorbitant ) , and necessities like food and clothes . 
  define `` open-minded '' on a graduated scale . 
  how do you measure more or less open-minded ? 
  you sound pretty ignorant if you think you have to hemorrhage thousands of dollars to have an `` open mind . '', 
  as other people have said , the united states is a huge fucking country . 
  to give you an idea , the distance from london to moscow : 1355 miles, 
  distance from la to new york : 2445 miles, 
  you can travel almost twice the distance and still be in the same country . 
  yes , it grants me the ability to go anywhere in the world , but is it going to give me the thousands of dollars necessary to go those places ? 
  congratulations , your brat comes from a family wealthy enough to travel . 
  most people do n't have that luxury . 
  but our country is n't one huge fucking desert, 
  yes , but we have states that are larger than entire countries . 
  there are * only * 8 countries , i repeat , ** 8 countries ** in the world that are larger than our largest state , alaska . 
  because the further you have to travel the more you have to pay . 
  i 'm 600 miles from new york , 1,800 miles from la and over 3,000 miles from london . 
  oh , so not only is your country sandy , it seems to be pretty salty , too . 
  i work two jobs , over 60 hours a week . 
  i 'm paying for my entire $ 60,000 education by myself in addition to living on my own . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  damn , i thought derek was going to the loch ness monster . 
  i set mine up a few weeks ago . 
  i just followed the link that was posted about a month ago , put in my partner numbers and i was good to go . 
  exactly , a music , theatre , literature , journalism , etc. 
  degree actually contributes something , there 's an actual business for it . 
  the only business of a women and gender 's study degree is the business of whining . 
   fat people are allowed to wear clothes that do n't completely flatter them . 
  fat people are allowed to have their belly showing or wear clothes too small for them . 
  true , they 're allowed to , but i 'm going to read the fuck out of anyone , thin or fat , who wears clothes that do n't fit or make him look like shit . 
  tl ; dr `` please fuck me , i 'm willing to denigrate my entire gender '', 
  but someone running at you with a knife is terrifying , it 's not something you 're used to or expecting so it takes your mind longer to process what 's happening . 
  i 'd wager for quite a few many people they 'd stand there , even infinitesimally , longer than normal . 
  my ss and i were just talking about that we came to the conclusion that it either tastes like captain crunch or lucky charms . 
  try it as a soy misto , it legitimately tastes like cereal . 
  i make frappuccinos for myself with iced coffee instead of milk . 
  as a carriekin , i 'm so triggered rn . 
  obviously there are degrees , it 's quite a stretch between `` i did some makeup that someone got offended at '' and `` i accidentally poisoned someone . '', 
  and it tastes better . 
  i 'm not a vegetarian or vegan , but i 've eaten at a few vegetarian/vegan restaurants , but their food is usually shit . 
  i eat indian food all the time , meat and vegetarian , and it 's always delicious . 
  finding someone 's personal information and posting it online in the hopes they get harassed or attacked is doxxing regardless of how shitty that person is . 
  easy now , skeeter , he ai n't hurtin ' no one . 
  it is when there 's about 200 million more white people than black people . 
  but the `` but '' is n't inherent in the question `` where do you get your confidence ? '', 
  you 're just reading it that way . 
  i read it as `` how do you remain confident as someone who 's in the public eye and when it 's so common for people to have confidence issues ? '', 
  unfortunately , `` fuckboy '' has a more sinister double meaning . 
  like the term rape culture , `` fuckboy '' originated in american prisons and it is a term for a male who is the `` bottom , '' often through rape . 
  when i say something really stupid but funny , he gets this adorable look on his face where he 's forcing himself not to laugh because he knows it 's a stupid joke . 
  also , he blushes fairly easily and turns bright red , so i like to squeeze his butt in public . 
  where i live a venti peppermint mocha is $ 5.57 with tax , plus $ 2.40 for the three extra shots , plus $ 0.60 for the soy milk , so just under $ 9 . 
  people like to joke that france loves to surrender , but they 've actually been pretty badass throughout history . 
  they started to decline after the franco-prussian war . 
  seriously , the biggest threat to black people in the united states are other black people .
