  in france , for example , you have to go to city hall and sign the marriage contract , then have the religious ceremony ; most do n't , as france is a largely atheistic country . 
  that is n't the point . 
  op is saying that regardless of whether it 's a black person or an lgbt person , it 's still prejudice and discrimination . 
  guise , guise , guise , you do n't get it . 
  it is in the bible . 
  i 'd like to have some sort of witty retort to that , but i could n't even understand it . 
  despite the fact that this is porn , it 's actually really adorable . 
  have you ever stepped back and just thought , `` wow , i 'm bill nye . 
  millions of children love science because of me '' and wondered how you got to that place ? 
  but it is known , khaleesi . 
  i really do n't understand why everyone is so , `` i support gay rights , but i have to have chick-fil-a . '', 
  it 's a bit saddening if you 're willing to compromise your beliefs for some crappy fast food . 
  yeah , i went camping there once . 
  lot of skunks for some reason . 
  my family and i went to a restaurant and the waitress said , `` hi my name 's [ insert name here ] and ( at this point , she took a pause and looked downward and shouted in a deep voice ) welcome to hell ! '', 
  then she tried to do a cackle , but she ended up coughing . 
  i know what you mean , though i 'm not a vegetarian . 
  but i can understand it in some cases , as i 've seen non-vegetarians saying , `` humans have been eating meat for thousands of years , so why should i change ? '', 
  while i 've also seen the proselytizing vegetarians that say , `` you 're so gross , how can you say you love animals , then eat them ? 
  you 're probably going to die of a heart attack . '', 
  the second one was an actual comment i read in a thread about vegetarianism . 
  i think it would n't be such a big deal if vegetarians and non-vegetarians would stop attacking each other for their eating habits . 
  i do n't understand you . 
  you say that god made you gay , but the bible is telling you that homosexuality is wrong . 
  you 're going to have to compromise on one or the other . 
  either god did n't make you gay , or the bible is wrong . 
  so you 're a christian just because it made you feel better ? 
  that hardly seems like a logical reason to join a faith . 
  no , you 're not against gay marriage . 
  you 're against gay marriage relative to christianity ; however , proponents of same-sex marriage are fighting for legal recognition by the national government , so your religious view is irrelevant . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but i have an issue with your second to last sentence, 
   ... homosexuals should be able to have domestic partners , having the same rights as a married couple , except not have it called `` gay marriage '' . 
  you see , my problem with that is that you 're promoting the concept of `` separate but equal '' , which we already know to be unconstitutional . 
  in terms of legal recognition , it has to be the same . 
  wow , i was really surprised when i read the faq , because it does exactly what many christians do when confronted with a question they either ca n't answer , or ca n't answer completely : they try to explain it away . 
  marry :, 
  verb, 
  to take in marriage ; to unite intimately, 
  hmm , it does n't say `` when a man and woman unite intimately '' . 
  do you believe that you chose to be gay ? 
  if you do n't , then obviously god had to have made you gay , as he is the one who creates all life forms . 
  oh , you 're talking about the french `` whistle '' . 
  it 's common in words such as : aujourd ` hui , oui , cuill\u00e8re, 
  i 've always called it `` fran\u00e7ais parisien '', 
  nope , nope and another nope . 
  as soon as he said , `` if you want to understand science , read the bible . '', 
  i quit . 
  it 's true , with a boyfriend your wardrobe basically doubles . 
  this seems like the lyrics to a foreigner song . 
  more like trollfdir . 
  anyone else get confused at `` ex-xbox '' ? 
  of course , we gays love forming our own crime syndicates . 
  deutsch = douche, 
  that 's really cool . 
  i 've rarely seen people with complete heterochromia , and when i do , it 's usually just a slight variation ( dark brown/light brown , etc ) . 
  israeli jews eat more hummus per capita than any arab country . 
  i 've always hated carrying coins around in any capacity , as they always jingle in my pocket , which makes me feel like a toe-bell shoe wearing elf . 
  interesting . 
  i 've never seen c'est - \u00e0-dire used in such a way . 
  whenever i use it , it 's usually to combine to clauses , for example , * `` j' aime manger des b\u00e9b\u00e9s , c'est - \u00e0-dire , la marque de bonbons . 
  i did n't learn the ukulele because i wanted people to look at me , i like the plinky plinky sound and think tiny tim was one baddass motherfucker . 
  i was 15 , and i told my really good girl friend who i went to homecoming with . 
  a few weeks after i came out to her , she told me she was a lesbian . 
  small world , as it were . 
  [ rocket tube ] ( http://www.rockettube.com/ ) ( for videos ), 
  [ just us boys ] ( http://www.justusboys.com/ ) ( for pics ), 
  i ca n't help it . 
  the scissor sisters has been one of my favorite groups for quite a few years now . 
  can there be a different charge for gay men ? 
  if they 're going to charge differently for sexual identity , why not charge differently for sexual orientation ? 
  the lessened charge for women is put in place to create a higher ratio of men to women , but why should i have to pay the same charge if i 'm not even benefiting from it ? 
  true , he facilitated the ** burglary ** , not the first degree murder of which he was convicted . 
  he ( or , more accurately , his lawyers ) probably figured he would get off without any conviction . 
  even if he was aware of that fact , he was convicted for first degree murder , not as an accomplice in a burglary . 
  right , he committed murder because a friend took his car and killed someone . 
  as you 've probably already read in some other 's posts , the felony murder rule has been outlawed in many countries . 
  it 's a completely ridiculous law that is completely arbitrary in terms of who could be implicated in a crime . 
  that 's a ridiculous precedent . 
  it is explicitly stated that he was intoxicated , and thought they were kidding about the burglary . 
  the felony murder law is completely arbitrary , as it does not set any sort of limit as to who can and can not be implicated . 
  he admitted that he knew they had robbed people before , and that he had lent him his car previously without incident . 
  i 'm not sure why you say that i think i 'm smarter than the judge , lawyers and jury , as i never said anything of the sort , but i digress . 
  the point of the matter is that the judge utilized an outdated law . 
  with this law , you could very well say his next door neighbor is a murderer . 
  another point of contention for me is the fact that , not only was he convicted of murder , but of first-degree murder . 
  if anything , the maximum he would be conceivably charged with would be accomplice to second-degree murder . 
  which is why that law that allows you to be implicated for a murder during a felony that you did n't commit has been outlawed in several countries . 
  `` you may be an atheist now , but religion comes with wisdom and age . '', 
  as a side note , this was said by a friend of mine who is younger than me . 
  i understand , there simply was n't enough bloodshed during the french revolution to compare to that of the bible . 
  no , when you donate blood , it gets passed through several screening tests to determine that there are n't any possible abnormalities or viruses/bacteria which would include hiv . 
  the logic behind this argument is , `` a lot of gay men have hiv , so no gay men can donate blood/sperm , even though we 're going to make sure no infected blood/sperm is given , anyway . '', 
  could you please explain it to me ? 
  because , as a homosexual , i never got the memo about this agenda . 
  a similar situation happened to me and my friend in his basement . 
  except when i won , he gave me a blowjob . 
  ... the school or the cathedral ( s ) ? 
  ... the team or the ethnic group ( s ) ? 
  i may not agree with what most of r/atheism is made of , i understand the necessity of it . 
  it 's a place where atheists can discuss various issues without the problem of religion , which is particularly helpful if you 're an atheist in an unwelcoming/extremely religious community .
