  i , nor any circumcised guy i 've talked to , has ever needed to use lotion . 
  that just sounds stupid . 
  i love indian food , but it still smells like shit . 
  it 's the exact same way i feel about parmigiano reggiano or roquefort cheese -- they 're delicious , but they smell awful . 
  not necessarily , just look at the schism between those who see the two continents of europe and asia and those that see eurasia . 
  that reminds me of a japanese classmate i had . 
  when we covered the pacific theatre she said that japanese history textbooks never cover things like the rape of nanking or unit 731 . 
  that 'd make him agendersexual , not gay , though . 
  it is in michigan . 
  i 'm really glad sjws hate joan rivers because it means i 'm in the right for loving her . 
  i mean ... penis/penes/penisself would be pretty fun pronouns to have regardless . 
  it 's probably the `` everyone 's gay/bi , it 's just patriarchy making them think they 're straight '' defense . 
  perhaps because gay bars were created as places where gay people could get away from straight people ? 
  not to mention ( depending on where you live ) , it rubs in the fact that a lot of gay people still ca n't get married . 
  it 's not even `` not so long ago . '', 
  gay men still get murdered for being gay . 
  for example , mark carson was shot and killed in greenwich village about a year ago . 
   everything really is that appalling, 
  well , if the you 're the only person that gets offended , then it must not be that appalling . 
  it 's impossible to say whether he would or would n't do it again , but it 's already been shown that he 's more than capable . 
  or at all . 
  he looks like a zitty meth head . 
  it still does n't mean what people think it means . 
  a lot of people think moor means black because shakespeare described othello as being both moorish and black . 
  to see what moors would have looked like , look at people like algerian president [ abdelazzis bouteflika ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/bouteflika_%28algiers%2c_feb_2006%29.jpeg ) or moroccan king [ mohammed vi ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/mohammed_vi.png ), 
  sounds about right . 
  the only time i 've heard `` natural hair '' used is in the context of a black woman who does n't have relaxers or weaves in her hair . 
  here 's a picture of my butt . 
  your comment better talk about my inner beauty . 
  that 's kind of fucked up if you were fucking 28 year olds at 14 . 
  i 'm not passing judgement on you , i 'm passing judgement on an almost 30 year old who wants to have sex with someone who 's just started puberty . 
  chocolat is masculine , so it 'd be `` le chocolat . '', 
  also , the tilde '' \u00e3 '' does n't exist in french . 
  it does in portuguese and spanish , however . 
  i did n't say it did . 
  i said the tilde is used in both spanish and portuguese , which it is . 
  i only used the \u00e3 since it 's contextual to the post . 
  kili and fili are both in the book ... 
  that sounds fucking disgusting, 
  shut up, 
  yes , in 2001 , of the 2,903,085 people living in wales , 2,841,505 people or 97.9 % of the population was white . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that number was even higher twenty years previous . 
  way to prove his point, 
  something something something put your dick in sexy mental patient . 
  that person might not even be icelandic . 
  the paper she 's holding is in swahili . 
   i do n't think i 'm going to enact that labor to explain to you why that 's extremely offensive and patronizing . 
  that 's a pretty wordy way to say , `` it 's not my job to educate you ! '', 
   they 've deliberately taken it in that context just to be argumentative . 
  that 's exactly what they were doing which is what makes their little jibe about being intellectually dishonest so ironic . 
  they intentionally take things out of context just so they can get upset . 
  it 's the same logic they use to justify using their `` racism = power + prejudice '' nonsense despite no one actually using that definition . 
  regret does n't excuse you from your actions . 
  no , they do n't and no , i 'm not . 
  you do n't get to commit a crime and then have the authorities say , `` oh , well we 'll let the first one slide . '', 
  i 'm in no way , shape or form on the same level as isis militants because i 've never killed someone or do i practice extremist ideology . 
  you know your movement is a sham when you get upset when someone tells you to stop hating other people . 
  the girl in the photo did n't even say she believed it . 
  she said , `` you have failed ** your ** feminist mantra ... '', 
  i mean , you 're not going to have sex with her if she does n't want to because then it 's spousal rape , but one would assume after 25 years you 'd have the relationship where you can communicate your desires non-verbally . 
  yes ... that 's how the american legal system works . 
  if you make a claim , whether it 's the existence of god , that you were raped or that it 's raining outside , it 's your responsibility to provide the evidence of that . 
  so if a woman accuses a man of rape or a man accuses a woman of rape , it is the responsibility of the accuser to prove their accusation . 
  i would say it 's quite the opposite . 
  i frequently use google translate just to ensure that i 'm on the right track ; however , google translate translates literally , that is , it does n't translate ideas or grammar structures so it might come out weird even if you 're grammatically correct . 
  they 're actually a lot less painful than a lot of other piercings . 
  plus , the initial pain only lasts a second . 
  you might be sore for a few days , but that 's only to be expected with any piercing . 
  black as asphalt on a moonless night . 
  the milkiest milk of milkface milking . 
  you 've got to respect her at least a little bit for doubling down on her stupidity . 
   be transwoman, 
   have prostate cancer, 
   dies because i did n't tell my doctor, 
  150,000 people die a day . 
  does your heart hurt for them ? 
  that 's not the definition of racism and you know it . 
  oh , i did n't realize you had to use the word `` definition '' when you 're defining something . 
  it does n't change anything or help to further race relations when you 're intentionally muddling definitions to fit your extremely narrow , amero-centric world view . 
  thanks for trying to project your insecurities onto me , though . 
   the benefit of centuries of prejudice , privilege and colonialism on my side . 
  not really , whether you 're throwing slurs or it 's someone else throwing slurs , you both just look like assholes . 
   enslave you, 
  absolutely, 
   demolish your country, 
  if they had a large enough military, 
   treat you like subhumans, 
  obviously, 
   murder your children on the sidewalk, 
  again , obviously, 
  `` privilege and social power '', 
  really ? 
  what 's all this social power i have when i ca n't even get a coworker to cover a shift for me ? 
  if i call someone a nigger am i discriminating against him and would it be considered verbal abuse ? 
  absolutely . 
  but am i enslaving , lynching , brutalizing or segregating him ? 
  now let 's flip that around . 
  if a black person calls me a cracker is he discriminating against me and would it be considered verbal abuse ? 
  absolutely . 
  but is he enslaving , lynching , brutalizing or segregating me ?
