  empirically ? 
  hardly, 
  every `` theory '' on here follows the stream of , `` a woman did n't want to have sex with me , what a bitch !, 
  all women are immature cunts because they do n't want to fuck me ! '', 
  and if you want to study gender relations and human interaction without such extreme bias , go to [ r/anthropology ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/anthropology ), 
  1 ) despite it being phrased as if he does n't understand , he clearly does , and is telling you that sex is n't everything . 
  2 ) so what if i `` whiteknight '' for a guy ? 
  yes , you have to accept the fact that you and every other man in this subreddit are `` beta . '', 
  that 's how life and evolution work . 
  women will naturally flock to those they see as being the most likely to carry their genes onward . 
  there 's nothing you can do or say to change that , it 's entirely genetic . 
  you did n't get lucky with the coin toss at birth . 
  i was responding to the second half of your post about the women you available to . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why you 're writing with such pedantic diction , but that 's irrelevant . 
  unfortunately for you , i 'm not spouting bullshit , i 'm attempting to give the people in this subreddit of dash of the reality they claim to be so well attached to . 
  so you turn yourself into something you 're not in the hopes of having sex ? 
  do n't you think that 's a bit pathetic ? 
  how do the rampant misogyny and homophobia found on men 's rights and the red pill make your life better ? 
  it may not be all about sex , but that 's what * most * of it ends up being . 
  so what if i 'm defending him ? 
  how does that apply to the original issue ? 
  you want me to link to evidence and sources when this entire subreddit is centered around the idea of anecdotal observation ? 
  and it 's not my fault if someone gets insulted because i point out the inherent flaws in his logic . 
  the premise of the subreddit is misogynistic : that men are somehow being mistreated or suppressed and that feminists are running some convoluted illuminati-esque cult to strip them of their rights . 
  yes , girlwriteswhat is a misogynist . 
  she actively rails against feminism , which is ironic , because without it , she would n't be able to voice her opinion in the first place . 
  i 've said this before relative to homophobes and racists ; just because you 're lgbt or an ethnic minority does not exempt you from discriminating against other members of the group . 
  fine , my anecdotal evidence is that from what i 've seen every `` man '' here is a whiny little bitch who complains about the fact that women do n't want to have sex with him or that women are given special rights . 
  the men here are arrogant and presumptuous enough to assume that they 're deserving of sex , and that any woman who does n't acquiesce is obviously immature or a stuck-up bitch . 
  you think women are given special rights ? 
  they damn well should be . 
  why do n't you try being a minority on for size and see how your tune changes ? 
  could you extrapolate on that for me , please ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you 're getting at . 
  that 's understandable , though perhaps that trend will change as time marches onward . 
  i should have listened to you . 
  i went there , and i really wish i had n't . 
  i got into a bunch of debates and got banned . 
  oh , well , now i do n't have to worry about how disturbing their ideals are . 
  are the french majors at your university sucky ? 
  i took an upper level french class my freshman year , and my grammar , accent and pronunciation were better than any of the french majors . 
  i 'm wondering if this is general across the board . 
  yay , i can jump on the bandwagon !, 
  ejbest, 
  that 's disheartening . 
  i was the only freshman in a class of 30 juniors and seniors ; some of them had been studying french for eight or nine years . 
  how great white north are we talking here ? 
  `` on occasion , a pitbull has attacked unprovoked , therefore i hate freedom . '', 
  yeah , fuck that guy !, 
  how dare he trash talk a dangerous animal that bit him !, 
  ** i 'm tired of hearing this . 
  all dogs are deadly animals . 
  pit bulls were ** not ** bred to be around children , they were bred to bait bears and to fight , and you 're ignorant if you try and deny it . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i thought pit bulls were just full of love !, 
  they just love to kiss and lick anyone they meet , right ? 
  because that 's all i ever hear when a photo of a pit bull shows up on reddit . 
  not in this context , it 's not . 
  pit bulls consistently show a trend of aggressiveness , or should we just ignore that ? 
  yes , that 's the breed i 'm talking about . 
  is the problem solved for the people who have been attacked or killed by pit bulls ? 
  yes , yes they do . 
  pit bull breeds top the list of human fatalities annually . 
  i 'm talking about the american pit bull terrier and the american staffordshire . 
  there are a multitude of things that could be done : flush out the breed , only allow licensed trainers to own them , mandatory training classes before adoption . 
  twenty to thirty ? 
  could you show me where it says that , because when it comes to `` pit bulls , '' usually attacks by american pit bull terriers and american staffordshire terriers are the ones that are reported . 
  i correctly identified all but one of the pit bulls . 
  it 's pretty obvious . 
  it 's still inherently part of their nature . 
  i 've owned several breeds of dogs , and all of them displayed that behavior at one point or another . 
  for example , labrador retrievers love to play fetch , and siberian huskies love to run , because that is what they were bred for . 
  did i say kill off ? 
  by `` flush out '' i mean that we allow them to run out the course of their lives , but do n't allow more to be bred . 
  yes , but that would be really difficult to do . 
  when a fighting dog ( like a pit bull ) has been bred for several generations to be a fighting dog , it would take several more generations before that could be bred out of the breed . 
  i do n't understand your analogy . 
  humans are apex predators , how could we be flushed out unless some greater species was preventing reproduction ? 
  i now have you tagged as `` fucking genius . '', 
  it will take many more than 11 generations . 
  it 's easy to integrate a trait , it 's much more difficult to remove it . 
  it would basically be `` unteaching '' the breed . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.floridalupine.org/publications/pdf/trut-fox-study.pdf ) article deals with breeding foxes to be non-aggressive and tame with humans . 
  through selective breeding the did have success , but that was after 20 generations with foxes that had already been socialized to an extent . 
  the cost was covered by the government , and i 'm sure weighing close to 1,000 pounds hurts more than that surgery . 
  people do n't hate him because he 's fat ; people hate him because he 's an asshole with no self-control . 
  it 's still his fault . 
  he lives in the uk , a country with socialized healthcare . 
  if he required counseling and therapy for his condition , he could have done so at little to no cost to him and he would have never gotten to that point . 
  the soviet union never instituted the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
  and they were forthright about having the `` vanguard party '' composed of intellectuals lead the country until such a time as they could actually hand over power . 
  is his neck tattoo becoming a jaw tattoo ? 
  oh , i know . 
  your sentence was grammatically incorrect . 
   i broke that flimsy lock like a viking in search of whores to pillage . 
   i punched him like he was my prison bitch . 
   i decked him right in his whore mouth . 
  can you just write a book of this stuff ? 
  i like your username , because ... logic . 
  actually , the standard of living was much higher in iraq and afghanistan under hussein and the taliban than it was as a result of the american invasions . 
  it may not have been a great existence , but there was less violence and poverty than there is now .
