  no , i do n't get mad at pedestrians because i 'm not driving behind them for 8 miles . 
  then that completely negates the purpose of a car . 
  how would you define it ? 
  i define it as a means to travel long distances and/or to get to your destination faster than other methods . 
  when a white person eats/listens/wears non-white food/music/clothes it 's `` appropriation . '', 
  when a non-white person does it it 's because they have to assimilate because of the `` colonialism '' they 're subjected to . 
  it 's because katya recognizes that her failings are just that , her * own * failings . 
  phi phi wants to find every reason under the sun for her shortcomings except for the one staring back at her in the mirror . 
  roxxxy already explained it well enough . 
  she said the things she said and she fully admits to being a bitch . 
  the problem is that phi phi wants wow to cut together a favorable edit despite all the shit she flings . 
  and willam is so flaz\u00e9da , `` your tone seems very pointed . '', 
  willam 's not threatened by phi phi , alyssa 's not threatened by phi phi , and phi phi ca n't handle that . 
  you besta believe it !, 
  then do n't phrase it as an excuse . 
  `` you gave me a shit script and i 'd like to see * anyone * make it funny . '', 
  are n't there places where it 's a tap and not a trill ? 
  when two non-conflicting armies are on the same county they stack together so there are n't a bunch of random floating number bars and you 're never quite sure where whose armies are . 
  notice that france is red and austrasia is gray , so if you were to attack that county you would only be fighting france 's 6k soldiers while austrasia 's would just stand there . 
  i mean , my friend bought this for me in india , so you know , whatever . 
  am i having a stroke or something ? 
  are they actually suggesting the best way to go about convincing others of your opinion is to shout and cry ? 
  i used to be in the same place as you , it usually took me around 4 hours . 
  as others have said , you just have to practice it , study your face so you understand what you need to do to make it look more feminine . 
  as far as tips and tricks go :, 
  1 ) spread your practice out . 
  practice your eyes on monday , your lips on tuesday , your contour on wednesday , etc. 
  that way it 's not 5 hour blocks , but a half an hour here and there . 
  2 ) work on the lower half of your face in between layers of glue on your brows . 
  i can get all of my contour and highlight done by the time i 've applied 4 layers . 
  ( i learned this from one of trixie 's videos ), 
  3 ) i do my eyes last because it 's my favorite thing . 
  it pushes me to be a bit quicker about everything else , but not sloppy , and it keeps me from rushing at the end . 
  using these methods i got from 4 hours to 2 . 
  if it 's an established , well-recorded practice , then probably . 
  it 's the same reason why certain native american tribes are allowed to smoke peyote and kill bald eagles . 
  \\ #differentstrokesfordifferentfolks, 
  bianca said she did n't get any of the stuff she won on her season apart from the money . 
  eez only smells *, 
  they do n't call it the headboard shuffle for nothing !, 
  willst thou tell us that thou art well ? 
  chad 's dead, 
  you can only hear a guy stutter `` p-p-putain '' once before it totally turns you off . 
  that 's because the word fraternity was an adaptation to the english language , filet is a word that is directly pulled from french , and as such would retain its french pronunciation . 
  it 's why you pronounce hors d'oeuvres `` or durv '' or vis \u00e0 vis `` veez ah vee . '', 
  between different states , canada , and england i do n't think i 've ever heard someone * not * say it with the l. 
  according to dictionary.com it was pronounced * with * the t until it fell out of favor , but has been coming back into use . 
  i 've never heard anyone pronounce it like turpentine . 
  where are you from ? 
  it can be either or , depending on the meaning . 
  crooked ( crookt ) would be the past tense of `` crook '' meaning to bend or to use a crook . 
  crook\u00e8d ( crook-ked ) means askew or off center . 
  a redditor talked about a time his girlfriend wanted him to talk dirty in bed . 
  he could n't think of anything on the spot except , `` yeah , you like that , you fucking retard ? '', 
  ehhhh , that 's like someone saying `` why you got ta act all black and shit ? '', 
  it does n't matter who you 're used to , it 's not cool . 
  who do you know who boils water in a microwave ? 
  everyone either uses a pan on the stove or an electric kettle . 
  no , the electoral college was created because the south thought it was unfair that they did n't get as many votes even while disallowing women or black people from voting . 
  have you ever picked up a history book ? 
  the french revolution ? 
  the beer hall putsch ? 
  the salt march ? 
  the million man march ? 
  the march on rome ? 
  i 'd actually like to see places like california , new york and the like to secede and watch the rest of the country founder . 
  you mean elections were made so 10 farmers ' votes are worth more than 10,000 city dwellers ' votes ? 
  weird . 
  because his victory does n't represent the will of the american people . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he got 306 , obama got 365 in 2008 and 332 in 2012 . 
  then leave ? 
  no one 's making you read this . 
  fair ? 
  california population : 38.8 million , 55 electoral votes, 
  1 vote for every 705,454 people, 
  wyoming population : 532,668 , 3 electoral votes, 
  1 vote for every 177,556 people, 
  how is fair that someone from wyoming 's vote is worth 7x as much as a california voter 's ? 
  therein lies the problem ; the metrics themselves are flawed . 
  a touchdown is only worth 1 point in california while a field goal is worth 6 in wyoming . 
  that 's why it 's being talked about . 
  i 'm not arguing the fact that he won the electoral vote , i 'm arguing that the rules of the game need to be changed . 
  in this case it 's being painted from the east looking west i.e. 
  a sunset , since the champ de mars is in the foreground . 
  if the sun were to ever appear on the horizon with the eiffel tower it would probably have to be in the summer . 
  young . 
  * young jewish man . 
  if you want a meme to happen , it needs to be a unified product !, 
  fat but lovable characters : madame pomfrey , professor sprout , mrs. weasley , neville longbottom, 
  nonwhite characters : angelina johnson ( a great quidditch player ) , dean thomas ( a loyal friend ) , the parvati twins ( gifted divinators ) , kingsley shacklebolt ( the freaking minister of magic ), 
  mentally unstable characters : luna , moody , alice and frank longbottom, 
  yup , she definitely hates them so much she put them in her book and gave them admirable traits . 
  for anyone wondering , the sign actually says , `` do not tap the glass '', 
  i like that ikea lamp, 
  * slippery nutters *, 
  murder would suggest it was done unlawfully . 
  torygg and ulfric both willingly accepted the duel , both knowing what was at stake . 
  you 're right , it 's sellin skooma just outside the city walls . 
  if i recall correctly , i think gia identifies as gender fluid rather than trans .
