  i mentioned this in another comment , but sriracha is n't a unified product , there are dozens of different brands of sriracha out there , not just the green capped * tuong ot sriracha *, 
  as / u/mopeymisfit said , barista is the italian word for bartender , which comes from the fact that you can usually buy alcoholic beverages at italian caf\u00e9s . 
  they did , as evidenced by that gentleman . 
  the `` dry plate '' method of developing film was invented in the 1870 's , and kodak 's release of celluloid film in 1888 made it possible to smile in photographs , so people had already been doing it for 30 years by the time this photo was taken . 
  i dunno , it might be being downvoted because he makes these claims , and several people have asked him for sources and he responded with `` it 's not my job to educate you . '', 
   i do n't have time to shepherd everyone through the basics of linguistics . 
  then do n't make a claim that is n't common knowledge if you 're not willing to defend it . 
  also , i 'm not sure how you expect someone to provide proof for a negative statement , that 's sort of logic 101 . 
  that was the original meaning of fuckboy , just like rape culture originally referred to prison rape . 
  it seems it 's a common theme to take something horrible that happens in prison , then use it against someone you disagree with . 
  boil water, 
  pour into french press, 
  proceed to take 15 minute shower because i forgot about it, 
  beneath the bleachers, 
  i know right ? 
  as if they 're in the armed forces or something . 
  d. ... j. ... khaled, 
  my aunt has our family tree that dates back to the 17th century . 
  he did n't say american culture , he said american ethnicity . 
  there is most certainly a german ethnicity , it would be someone who 's descended from the native germanic tribes . 
  the differences between the different german `` nations '' were political , deriving from whichever hohenzollern , wittelsbach , or hapsburg that happened to own that land . 
  they all spoke variations of the same language and after the 16th century were most likely lutheran . 
  i think he means if someone * solely * speaks spanish , or only speaks english to a rudimentary level despite living in the united states . 
  not only that , but asian-americans have superseded white-americans to have the highest average income in the united states . 
  really ? 
  i live in michigan and have encountered several people who could n't speak english or only knew extremely basic phrases . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  schleswig was occupied since at least roman times by the jutes and angles , both germanic tribes . 
  during the middle ages the north was held by danes and the south by the saxons . 
  the only reason it was n't part of the hre is that it was constantly being juggled between the norwegian , danish and swedish thrones . 
  michigan cherry oat bar, 
  well , huy fong foods did n't invent sriracha , it 's a super common sauce in thailand , it 'd be like someone trying to copyright ketchup . 
  because i 'm guessing it entirely masks the actual flavor of the coffee , so it would n't make a difference if it were a brazil or pike . 
  the original italian is `` capisce '', 
  but miiiiiieeeeeeeemmmm, 
  judging by her name , she 's probably pakistani or iranian, 
  in more ways than one, 
  but of course , if a woman/lgbt/poc disagrees with you , it 's because they suffer from internalized sexism/homophobia/racism !, 
  if they were actually in their right mind , they 'd have no reason to disagree . 
  i think it might be pronounced as `` here '', 
  much like / u/satansfuzzyjamhat , i , too , have a friend-turned-sjw story . 
  i knew she was a pretty heavy tumblr user , but for the most part her tumblr was just `` artistic '' photos of a chair or a hipster smoking , and she would occasionally reblog your standard non-crazy feminism stuff . 
  eventually she started reblogging the radical stuff , and her behavior began to change ; she was always in a bad mood and never wanted to talk to anyone , and if we were in a group of friends , she would get upset at people for making jokes that she perceived as being racist/sexist/homophobic , etc. 
  which was ironic considering the fact that most of our friends were women , minorities or other homos . 
  she would personally attack me as well if i made jokes about gays , lesbians or trans people because i apparently have privilege over other lgbt people as a white gay man . 
  needless to say , we all stopped hanging around her because she had become such a pill . 
  she now goes to a women 's university and has all of her hair shaved off and is dating a transman . 
  what do you mean you wo n't fuck a 73 year old ?!, 
  what do you mean you wo n't fuck someone in a wheelchair ? 
  what do you mean you wo n't fuck this goat ? 
  likewise , quite a bit of films are being produced in new york nowadays . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  most people who have tattoos in chinese and japanese most likely do n't speak those languages , but they appreciate the aesthetic of the characters . 
  the `` argument '' is that the cis , white patriarchy would rather have less money than hire a black or latino person . 
  that 's what happens every time i see an all you can eat buffet , you 're saying that 's not natural ?!, 
  i have a regular who gets a grande latte with only half a shot in it . 
  right ? 
  `` fae '' does n't sound gangster , it makes you sound like a punk ass bitch . 
  that 's repulsive . 
  one of my shifts says `` ven-tay '' and it always grates on my ears when he says it . 
  dude , you 've been working here for 6 years , you should know how it 's pronounced . 
  what about ethiopia ? 
  a country that is majority black but was never colonized . 
  then cite a dictionary from a non-white country . 
  in swahili racism is `` ubaguzi wa rangi '' which literally means `` discrimination of color . '', 
  ( tw : engrish aghead ) in japanese it 's '' \u4eba\u7a2e\u5dee\u5225 '' ( hito shusabetsu ) and is defined as : racial discrimination ( racism , english : racial discrimination ) and the human race and ethnicity , nationality , regional , also , are classified on the basis of the contents of the disorder or illness , education , occupation , etc. 
  birthplace , the it is to harassment , acts and discrimination , such as bullying against certain people . 
  worldwide , historically , various cases are present . 
  although it is not limited to the racial discrimination , that of those with a discriminatory ideas `` reishisuto '' : sometimes referred to as ( japanese `` discrimination advocate '' ) . 
  oh , i know , they 're masters of moving the goal posts and soon as someone pokes a hole in their terrible arguments . 
  if that person knows you and your name by sight , you can hardly call them strangers because you 've clearly had enough interactions for them to recognize you . 
  more like , `` excuse me did you just add something i 'm allergic to without asking me ? 
  i want it remade . '', 
  why are you assuming we 're being forced to do it ? 
  i know the names of my regular customers because they 're nice to me and give me an opportunity to just chat and act as a reprieve from asshole customers who refuse to just give me their name so i can write it on the damn cup . 
  but seriously , let 's talk about me . 
  free hat free hat free hat !, 
  how many women do you see as plumbers , garbage collectors or construction workers ? 
  not many , despite those jobs all paying quite well . 
  when did real life become an episode of mad men ? 
  thank you for your enlightened , well thought-out comment . 
  it really made a contribution . 
  conservative areas would favor `` traditional '' family setups where a woman would be a homemaker and as such would n't have an income ? 
  of course they deserved it !, 
  they 're just cisheteropatriarchal shitlords !, 
  africans ca n't be white !, 
  all africans are black !, 
  i still would n't call what she wrote poetry . 
  disregarding the lack of meter or structure , there 's no particular feeling to it , not to mention the fact that she states a woc is absolutely more oppressed than her , but then she questions whether a trans woc is more oppressed , like she does n't understand what she 's writing about . 
  but clearly he has the power to effect a change by marking up these pills 5000 % . 
  even if you took this all the way to the supreme court , it would takes years with the courts dragging their feet while hundreds if not thousands of people die waiting for their medicine to become affordable . 
  tolkien made a point that lotr takes place in a `` mythical '' version of earth so that he could avoid any conflict with historical things that would contradict what he had written , though if we follow the gregorian calendar , then the third age began in 6123 bc . 
  cool baby, 
  venti iced coffee . 
  20 splenda . 
  if they 're reaching for a condom , chances are they do n't have an std . 
  depends on what time period you 're talking about . 
  egypt had hundreds of pharaohs over dozens of dynasties , but it is true that the last pharaohsof egypt were greeks . 
  oh , god , my sides, 
  somehow , and stay with me here , i feel fisting the mug makes it * more * gay .
