  it 's simply aesthetically pleasing . 
  uk is a terrific place to visit , london to be specific . 
  although we get a huge number of tourists here anyway so i would n't count it as underated . 
  best : uk worst : the rest, 
  uk flag is great, 
  i think we should give the islands back to argentina . 
  just so we can invade and take them back again , 
  i am not worried about the eu referendum , nor am i concerned about staying or going . 
  this is great britain we are talking about here . 
  whatever happens us brits will make a success of it as we always do . 
  the scottish electorate would not stand for severe long lasting cuts on social services . 
  they are far too used to england paying for a huge amount in their country and the snp campaigned on the idea independence would mean an end to punishing austerity . 
  when in the reailty it would mean the opposite . 
  scotland could function , but they would be very poor for a very very long time . 
  seen it , cherry picked statistic to make the uk appear lower than other countries . 
  if chinese people are so smart why is china so poor ? 
  ( gdp per capita under 7000 usd ), 
  most of that growth is because ireland functions as a tax haven for large multinationals . 
  meaning large companies choose to log economic activity there in order to pay less corporation tax . 
  none of the money goes to the irish people and it is no indiciation of proper economic growth . 
  get over it . 
  my city 's population is less now than what it was pre-ww2 but i do n't care at all nor do i hold anything against modern day germans . 
  you irish are far too insecure and bitter in regard to us brits . 
  we are talking about the modern day here . 
  not some events that happened ages ago . 
  not really , i 'm guessing it 's one of the many wars where the uk beat ireland ? 
  think that was more of a jokey type article the other week . 
  but more and more i noticed irish people all over the uk . 
  yeah , all irish are desperately trying to get into the uk as it seems . 
  i put the artists in brackets, 
  do n't think so . 
  5 of the top 10 globally selling albums last year were from british artists ( sam smith , ed sheeran , one direction , coldplay , pink floyd ) . 
  at what ages did you start learning english and japanese ? 
  originally yes !, 
  yes we all know the british pound is a much stronger and more stable currency than the euro . 
  but it is also because of the relative strength of the british economy in recent years compared to the german and french economies . 
  to deny this is to deny reality . 
  * as long as the euro continues to drag the majority of the eurozone countries down, 
  come down south , everything is great down here , 
  i live in the south and i feel like i am in one of the richest parts of the world , 
  exports is not the only aspect of gdp . 
  the eu could not put an end to it , certain member states would simply not allow it . 
  british cultural superiority continues ... * lol at the butthurt downvotes *, 
  yeahhhh !, 
  we 've overtaken germany and france !!!!, 
  cambridge graduate , speaks 5 languages , former leader of the liberal democrats , former deputy prime minister and currently an mp . 
  hate on his politics all you want , but he 's clearly good at what he does . 
  yeah , she was a last minute stand in for nigel lawson . 
  * ` that the points for beeing an elite-university are thought after the anglo-saxon uni-system , so for non-anglos it would be difficult to appear in this lists . 
  ' * how do you mean ? 
  considering you do n't have super elite universities what do the top performing students do when they leave school ? 
  stay in germany for uni or go abroad ? 
  i 've heard of that , so it must be good . 
  do n't underestimate the snob effect in a country with a rigid class sytem ( uk ), 
  newflash , france does n't have that either lol . 
  this is n't 1805 , napolean is long gone . 
  you guys are not very prominent at all anymore . 
  france is far to tied up within the eu to ever leave . 
  they simply do n't have the independence or strength to stand up on their own . 
  they will forever be an extension of germany 's will . 
  most of the migrants in question are from europe , definatly not ` barely literate ', 
  yes, 
  a unionist party that represents both the left and right of politics need to establish themselves in scotland . 
  otherwise the snp will continue to clear up at every scottish election as the unionist vote is split acros multiple parties . 
  because that is a terrible idea . 
  the usa 's population is far too big to be involved in this . 
  works both ways . 
  we get huge numbers of international students studying at our top universities . 
  yeah but the queen is supposed to be apolitical . 
  refusing to acknowledge religous differences in politics is moronic , short sighted and makes me very glad you have no say in european policy making . 
  it 's a great soundbite for guardian journalists though , the types who live in multi-million poound homes ` religon does n't matter , let 's ignore it completly , let 's let in large amounts of people who hold extremly conservative religous beleifs ' . 
  try asking people who actually live in the neibourhoods with these people and they will tell you religon matters hugely . 
  oh god , not this again . 
  i would rather chew off my fist than see turkey join the eu, 
  * ` it would be great to boost the cultural diversity within the eu ' * the eu is struggling to sell federalization to the european people . 
  one of the key factors holding europe back is a lack of unity . 
  there is too many different languages , different cultures , different histories etc. 
  one of the few things the eu has going for it is the majority of the countries ( possibly all ) are rooted in christianity . 
  adding a large country of 80 million , with yet another new language , and most importantly a new religon , is nothing but a recipe for disaster . 
  of course the us 's influence is going to continue to decrease . 
  it is already dreastically less now then what it was a mere 20 years ago . 
  not our overlords . 
  germany only acts as an overlord to the eurozone countries, 
  try 2 * huq huq huq *, 
  let 's be honest , it 's much more likely ireland will rejoin the uk than northern ireland will rejoin ireland . 
  wow , never realized the germans were this resentful and bitter regarding us brits . 
  shock horror the uk pulling major strings on the world stage . 
  newsflash eurotards this happens all the time , no matter how much you try and deny it * waiting for butthurt downvotes *, 
  america has been in steady decline since 1969 ( you guys hit your peak as soon as man landed on the moon ) . 
  very soon china will surpass you , sorry but truth hurts . 
  i support british nationalism as i am of the firm belief us brits are the master race * rruulleeee briiittaaniiiiaaaaaaaa * * * tears roll down cheek * *, 
  you do realise the scots voted to remain only last year by a 10 % margin ? 
  and we still have control over a sizeable part of ireland lol, 
  who !?!? 1 ? 11 ??!?!?!? 
  huh ? 
  only european defense minister that matters is michael fallon, 
  unlikely but possible, 
  usa was not the first democracy . 
  your entire democratic system is modelled on the british system . 
  in the uk girls do n't outperform boys per say .
