  sure a few more girls go to university , but lots of them study primary education , midwifery , nursing , communications etc. 
  boys tend to be more populace in the academic subjects . 
  because the uk is sensible with it 's finances, 
  the allies , 
  but that is n't the case for the sweeping majority of countries , so why is turkey different ? 
  if you graduate from a prestigious american university you will fair very well . 
  all employers will know about harvard , yale , stanford , princeton , mit etc. 
  you may have more problems if the universitiy is below that top bracket as people in europe might not know about it . 
  what country ? 
  interesting , why do you think that is ? 
  i would imagine that 's just down to language . 
  i think there is more at play when it comes to the epl being more popular than the rest . 
  you continentals and your american centric view of everything :p, 
  the bnp would n't care that much, 
  winning the game of empire, 
  war & peace is absolutely incredible . 
  one of the best shows the bbc has ever done . 
  very high budget too . 
  hollande a.k.a merkel 's puppet, 
  1 ) what were the preventable issues ? 
  if they were life threatening why did the nhs not prioritise them ? 
  2 ) house prices are only crazy in the south east . 
  3 ) it 's fptp and it churns out effective governments . 
  basically all of the north and some of the west, 
  all this negative campaigning from eu countries is making it more likely i will vote to leave, 
  would n't make much of a difference tbh , france would still be lagging with that added boost . 
  eu policy makers would never vote that through as it would be financial and political suicide for the eurpopean project . 
  this must of been your plan all along !, 
  thatcher is the reason the uk is growing strongly today . 
  the french decline continues . 
  we need to put the uk in charge of the eurozone fiscal policy . 
  i just ca n't see germany ever doing anything to correct it . 
  anyone know why there 's that small cluster in south west england ? 
  british airways is damn classy, 
  not really , just the impression i got . 
  not valuable , we already know german politicians and buisness leaders are desperate for us to stay in , they made it clear ages ago . 
  interesting read . 
  but the uk undoubtly has more power projection than the french . 
  especially on the global stage . 
  you guys very rarely act on the world stage as you are so tied down to the eu and you are incapable of acting independently of germany . 
  also as of 2016 the french military is weaker than the british ( i assume you are implying the opposite from your comment about an aircraft carrier ) . 
  [ here is the source ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/ ) . 
  uk is number 5 and france is number 6 ( scroll down slightly and look to the right for the top 10 list ) . 
  not to mention the uk has a close network of powerful political allies around the world , [ see five eyes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes ) , it 's known as the most comprehensive espionage alliance in history . 
  this is something france lacks . 
  not to say france is weak , but they are just not as influential . 
  not to mention britain has vast cultural influence , whereas france does not . 
  * i know you euros like to talk down britain and talk up other european countries , but this amount of downvotes for stating the truth ? 
  france does n't hold a candle to to the uk in the grand scheme of things , deep down we wll know this *, 
  let me guess , you 're a frenchman ? 
  sorry man you are not as powerful as you think you are . 
  certainly not as much as the uk . 
  so what does this mean ? 
  a brexit is on the cards for ireland aswell ? 
  oh yeah , always forget about france . 
  to be fair they certainly do n't have the power projection of the uk though . 
  do it yourself you lazy troll, 
  agreed . 
  that 's why so many brits do n't like it . 
  surely germany ? 
  i do n't think they have an atomic bomb though . 
  who ? 
  gives it huge amounts of money , gives it military and political clout on the world stage , allows vast numbers of europeans to migrate to it , functions as the job 's factory of europe etc. 
  did you even read them ? 
  they are talking about the uk as a whole , not just london . 
  anyway , i gave you both a right wing and a left wing source . 
  generally the left wing source here ( the guardian ) tends to be very pessimistic about the uk and seldom praises the country ( as the uk is quite right wing by and large ) . 
  but in this instance both are just reporting on studies which have been conducted by third party international sources . 
  as i said , if you do n't believe the two sources here just google population and/or economic forecasts of europe and have a read . 
  it 's terrific reading from a british perspective but terrible reading from a mainland european perspective . 
  every source states over the course of our lifetime the uk will grow to be most populous , the largest economy , the largest military and the most prominent country within europe . 
  whereas the rest of europe is set to drop off significantly . 
  and on the topic of london , it is one of only two alpha + + cities in the world ( alongside new york ) and it is number 1 on the global power index aswell as being the world 's number 1 financial centre , most sources state it overtook new york as the world 's number 1 city a few years ago . 
  but you can choose not to believe me and continue the general trend of this sub as an anti-uk circle jerk if it makes you feel better , 
  nope i do n't have union jacks on everything . 
  although let 's be honest it 's a bloody great flag lol . 
  but enlighten me , what exactly am i making up about the uk ? 
  everything i said is factual . 
  it may have thrown you for six because on this sub you get the impression the uk is a third world shit hole ( from the amount of hate the country gets , which as i already stated stems from jealousy ) and when you see someone speaking highly of the uk it confuses you . 
  but the uk is honestly the greatest country in the world . 
  everything i said is 110 % true . 
  take a read of [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ) and [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/aug/27/population.eu ) . 
  also just google population and/or economic projections of the eu and read about it . 
  london is undoubtly the number 1 global city , it knocked new york off of it 's perch a few years ago . 
  * lol at the butthurt downvotes when i am only speaking in facts *, 
  yes i have been to the us , australia and new zealand . 
  north east us is very very similar to the uk . 
  english speaking , similiar architecture , similar geographical place names etc. 
  ( it was set up to be new britain after all ) . 
  also if you are honestly trying to claim australia and new zealand are not similar to the uk you have no idea what you are talking about , i lived in australia and 6 months ( as many brits do ) and it is basically the uk in the sun . 
  new zealand is the same although not as sunny . 
  they even share our flipping monarch , as do canada , and our monarch is on their currency . 
  in nz and oz everything from the sports they play to the legal systems they use are british . 
  same with most of the anglo colonies . 
  was n't really a rant , i was just stating facts lol . 
  but no , because there are many countries that are dissatisfied , many countries complain about the eu and try and block legislation , but people only get angry at the uk . 
  they just use it as an excuse to launch their venom against the uk , i see it on this sub * all * the time . 
  we still have a great standard of living , low crime , great career and job opportunities , we are very rich , everyone speaks our language , everyone uses our inventions ( computers , the world wide web etc ) , we do very well at the olympics ( third on all time medal table ) , only country in history to win both football and rugby world cups ( nearly took the cricket too ) , most entertaining football league in the world ( which everyone watches ) , the whole world plays our sports , we have some of the best universities in the world , everyone watches our tv and listens to our music , we have an awe inspiring history , world class museums and art galleries , we have many culturally similar countries all around the world who function as strong political allies ( australia , new zealand , usa , canada etc ) , we have a very prominent voice on the world stage , a strong military , our country is set to grow in prominence going into the future ( whereas the rest of europe is set to decline ) and we also have the number 1 city in the world . 
  no other country in europe can boast such an impressive cv . 
  this breeds jealousy which manifests itself into hatred and aggression on this sub  * waiting for the butthurt downvotes *,
