the provos are gone . 
  i think his point was that since the eu does n't have its own gdp , but it 's members do , they ( the eu ) are going to care more about what they can get their hands on , the `` divorce bill '' for lack of a better term . 
  whilst you have valid points , i think the problem is that the uk does n't have a culture of referenda . 
  in countries like ireland , switzerland , where referenda are held often , citizens feel more engaged in the democratic process , and value their choice more . 
  might i ask you what your flag represents ? 
  it says `` southern slav '' but i was wondering what that meant in practice ? 
   union jack you want more europe ?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!? 
  what is your definition of terrorism ? 
  i would like to see one which does n't encompass the american revolution , the irish war of independence , french revolution etc. 
  then the american revolution was terrorism as well ? 
  what is your definition of terrorism ? 
  the dublin monaghan bombings were actually the worst event in the troubles by numbers killed . 
  a fact commonly forgotten . 
  what 's your point ? 
  so you ca n't respond to my point ? 
  the fact is everyone in ireland knows that there is blood in the hands of a lot of political leaders . 
  it 's just people like you who refuse to understand the complex history of the island . 
  i asked you what your definition of terrorism is ? 
  care to tell me ? 
  why do n't you post an actual response to my point ? 
  why has n't your government charged the soldiers who butchered protesters asking for equal rights ? 
  true , but the uk does n't have the same power the us has . 
  not really , it 's about signing a contract , and honoring it . 
  along with the heads of the british security services who orchestrated the deaths of dozens of irish ? 
  what is terrorism to you ? 
  how about the british army 's role in the bombing and murdering of 33 civilians in dublin , which had nothing to do with the troubles ? 
  but if an international court ruled against britain , and britain would n't follow through , it would be a large loss of integrity . 
  after all , how could they criticize china the the south china sea overall `` illegal '' activities , and simultaneously ignore international courts ? 
  you 're right , but then the point about the loss of integrity come up if the uk wo n't accept jurisdiction . 
   that ca n't be justified if i sign up for a gym for 7 years , and only use the facilities for 3 years , am i entitled to a reimbursement ? 
  the abhrahamic god asked abraham to sacrifice his son ? 
  if i 'm a business owner , i think i should be allowed to ask my employees not to wear certain symbols . 
  just like i can ask them to wear certain clothes . 
  well ireland left , so there was a precedent . 
  to be fair , market forces ( the price of oil ) are completely different to political promises which politicians have control over ( leaving the eu ) . 
  i agree , competition for this money means less for everyone ( think of countries losing in the prisoner 's dilemma ) . 
  but that is what needs to happen in order for irish people to have jobs . 
  and while i agree that what your saying would be better for all , it simply is n't the current reality , which means ireland has to compete . 
  what 's wrong with the irish government competing with other countries for tax revenue to better the lives of irish citizens ? 
  it should just be gb . 
  well , lots of them do n't consider themselves spanish , so they are distinct blocks . 
  just like one can be scottish and not british . 
  and parliamentry democracy ca n't function if a majority of people do n't want to be part of the parliament itself . 
  what you are talking about is tyranny of the minority , where the minority decide they do n't like what the majority want to do . 
  i believe in basic , inalienable rights , such as freedom of speech , freedom to own property , freedom to of choice etc. 
  which i do n't think the majority should be allowed to be allowed to take away . 
  but self-determination is one of those rights . 
  how is it justified for the spanish government to impose its will on its people and not allow them basic democratic rights ? 
  but we choose to do it , so it was n't really interference as much of signing a contract . 
  not any more than the catalonian people . 
  this is a unilateral disregard for democracy . 
  the question really should be asked that if spain wo n't hold a referendum , why should the catalonian want to be apart of a country that ignores its voice ? 
  austerity measures were agreed to as part of a bail-out . 
  we chose to take the money , so we had to follow the conditions . 
  it 's not democracy if people are denied the right of self-determination . 
  i met him there in person in november , and he was fairly sound . 
  he never seemed very good on rte though . 
  society is best served when the cost of living is low relative to wages . 
  free-trade may remove some jobs ( more are removed by automation ) but the gain for all of society makes up with cheaper goods and services , which will disproportionately benefit those on the lowest incomes . 
  plus , the money saved from lower goods will likely be spent on other goods and services , leading to different forms of employment , and competition for workers , driving up wages . 
  good for society as a whole with goods and services being cheaper . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  capitalism of the sort that i 'm talking advocates rules which ensure personal freedom . 
  that 's not a contradiction : unless one is an an-cap , there is a necessity for government to maintain law , order , and ensure that basic rights are upheld . 
  that is n't a contradiction . 
  i would argue that corporations are out to maintain long-term profits , as shareholders want their assets to be worth money looking into the long-term . 
  also , the only reason any business makes money is because people want their product . 
  i do n't see why corporations are demonized just for being big : they sell products people want , and are willing to pay for . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  well yes ... 
  if they are necessary they will need to stay in place ... my point was that the rules of the game are n't for sale in laissez-faire capitalism , as that opens up corruption , and making the rules unfair . 
  not really , faissez-faire capitalism relies on a state upholding the rule of law . 
  what mises called the night-watch state , and what milton freedman called the rules of the game . 
  yugoslav wars ? 
  such as ? 
  why not just stv , so everyone 's voice is heard up-front ? 
  yes . 
  our president is similar to the queen of england , where he has no practical power . 
  taoiseach runs the country . 
  well the electorate decide , so there does not have to be a second ballot . 
  i would say ireland and malta have the best system with stv . 
  consumers can choose not to . 
  ireland has one of the highest standards of living in the world , i would n't exactly call us poor ... 
  democracy is 2 wolves and a sheep voting on what 's for dinner . 
  there should be basic rights of freedom to people which ca n't be subjected to the whims of the majority . 
  rare ? 
  what did the british government do for catholics in norhern ireland between 1922 and 1970s ? 
  also the british government refused to cooperate with investigations into the dublin and monaghan bombings . 
  not much sorrow here . 
  where did higgins support the ira ? 
  show me . 
  considering the role of the british political establishment in covering up bloody sunday , dublin and monaghan bombings , i do n't think you can say anything . 
  stop ruining the narrative !!!!, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  we do n't have a lot of universities in ireland relative to france , the uk , or indeed the us . 
  which really lowers people 's attachment to it because chances are a lot of the people you talk to in the street if they went to university went to the same one , such as trinity or ucd . 
  whereas for secondary school , there is usually only one or two local ones , which means it synonyms with home . 
  people are proud of their home , their community , and therefore would have a stronger attachment to their secondary school . 
  and yes , secondary school would be a mix of junior high/middle school and high school .
