il faut que je dise quelque chose d'intelligent . 
  they arrested 3 persons , from what number do we say people ? 
  in france , people got arrested around my city for planning a [ terrorist attack ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/10/people-arrested-in-montpellier-france-for-planning-imminent-terror-attack ), 
  i voted for macron , i 'll never ever vote for le pen, 
  god i think it has been years since i heard someone say `` courriel '' instead of mail, 
  she entered for a bachelor degree and she fluently speaks french . 
  i do n't have a solution but i have an ukrainian friend , she told me it was a pain in the ass to get all the documents needed to get out of the country and study here ( france ) , maybe you should check all the administration thingy in order to make sure you can study abroad ? 
  i only have a pov from reddit , but for trump , when it was asked `` why are you voting trump ? 
  '' , thd answers were like `` cuz he 's honest and funny '' . 
  the reason why a lot of people vote for le pen is because they feel betrayed and abandoned by the other political parties . 
  so they start thinking '' heh , why not try her for 5 years ? 
  i voted m\u00e9lenchon . 
  not really because i was convinced by his program , but because he seemed the lesser bad between him , le pen , fillon , macron . 
  le pen . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is n't anti eu , he wants to renogociate some measures not reinforce austerity , he will make us leave the ue only if the negociations fails . 
  le pen wants to absolutely get out of the ue . 
  the internet , tv series , watching movies on english, 
  basically it sucks , our way to teach english is bad , we 're the shame of europe . 
  i 've seen on askreddit a few americans people saying `` i wish i was european , it seems like everyone is bilingual there ! '', 
  : yeah , it 's not the case in france , at all . 
  we start learning englsh pretty early , but very slowly and in a bad way , i do n't know what is the right way to teach english but it 's definitely not our way . 
  very few people know how to speak english in france , i 'm the only one in my close family who can speak/understand it and in college , out of 100 students , we 're only 12 in the `` advanced level of english '' category and a third of them come from english speaking countries . 
  worst is , even in college the teaching sucks , we do n't learn to express ourselves or to understand english , we learn how to answer question and find information in a text . 
  next year we start having classes exclusively in english , i wonder how much of a rampage it will be . 
  french native speaker . 
  almost fluent in english . 
  i have a fairly good level of spanish i know how to speak reunion island kreol, 
  i like spanish and italian . 
  i can * mostly * understand spanish , i 'll need to go back to learning it to make progress thought , i do n't speak a word of italian but it sounds classy . 
  i 'd like to learn mandarin , sounds super hardcore thought . 
  yeah plus it 's not really easy to get `` immersed '' in the language . 
  it 's easy with english , almost everything is in english , movies , tv series , etc. 
  like , i am not joking , the big reason of why i started to give a shit about learning english is because i wanted to see the episodes of house m.d one year before the french television broadcast . 
  i have yet to see someone learning french in order to see `` jos\u00e9phine l'ange gardien '' . 
  when i write long messages on reddit , i sometimes have to stop for like 5 seconds in order to find a correct way to say the things i want to say . 
  like , i know what i want to say , i do know the words , but i still struggle to find the right formulation . 
  also , i usually make a lot of paraphrasing when writing . 
  as for reading , i recently red shining for stephen king in english , i did it in about a month ( did n't red it on a daily basis ) , at least each time i did find a word i did n't know like `` shingles '' ( i knew it meant rash , but i did n't know about how it was what you call the stuff on your roof ) , `` glider '' or `` banister '' . 
  but i did n't struggle much in reading the book . 
  i think it 's because new york represent `` the city '' . 
  i 'd love to visit new york , i love living in a city . 
  i 've lived in a very countryside village for most of my childhood/teen years and hated it , i really do n't see why people fantasize about living in some sort of lost village . 
  but the city ? 
  it 's just awesome , everything goes fast , you can have mostly everything at anytime . 
  it happens . 
  i 've been living in the south of france most of my life with my family . 
  i do n't have a southern accent , at all , my parents have a slight one and my sister have a very thick accent , so do my youngest brother . 
  as far how often it happens ... do n't know . 
  i mean , in my high school class , most people i knew had a slight southern accent , so i guess it 's pretty `` uncommon '' to not have any trace of it . 
  good for them , it 's nice to see that our language do interest foreigners , especially when ( apparently ) french is a hard language to learn . 
  yep haha , you can spell it `` na pouin '' `` napouin '' ou `` n ' a pouin '' , i 've seen the three forms, 
  i lived in reunion island for 3 years , there , people speak french and kreol . 
  kreol is pretty similar to french yet very different . 
  some words are pretty unique : `` mapala '' : i do n't care `` tilamp tilamp '' : go slower `` napouin '' : there is/are none `` moune '' : people and i could go on , syntax is the same , grammar do change a bit je : a moin tu : to\u00e9 / a ou il : a li vous : a zot the accent is the big thing that changes between french annmd kreol , once you get used to it , it 's not super difficult to understand it . 
  also , kreol is written phonetically , like `` lundi '' ( monday ) becomes `` lindi '' or `` travaille '' ( work ) becomes `` travay '', 
  i always found it funny that the portugueses seems to have no problem at understanding spanish ( written or spoken ) while the spanish seems have a hard time understanding spoken portuguese ( while not having a problem with the writing one ) , a brazilian dude told me it was because spanish sounded like a simpler version of portuguese with less nasal sounds while portuguese looked like `` drunk spanish '' for spanish speakers with weird ass noises between words . 
  also , on that same subject , i remember on a forum someone who said that french and italians were mutually intelligible language in the writing . 
  maybe it 's me that is being retarded but i ca n't understand almost anything in italians , most words i know in italians i know them because they also exist in spanish . 
  i picked that from english speakers actually haha . 
  oh the memories of singing that fucking song in middle school . 
  i remember that i used to sing it like `` oui ouitche you am\u00e9rique crissmeuss '' because i thought the song was about christmas in america . 
  i was not a smart kid . 
  now i 'm in college and i can vote , the country should be scared . 
  va crever ( go die ) va te pendre ( go hang yourself ) va te suicider ( go kill yourself ), 
  you ca n't live without it . 
  i think we 're like the shame of europe when it comes to english : apparently in every country , everyone learn english super early and is basically bilingual . 
  if you try to get by only with english in france , you really gon na have a shitty time , out of 100 students for english classes at college , we 're only 12 in the `` near fluent/fluent '' group , i do n't even imagine how it is outside of college . 
  so basically when my spanish teacher was screaming `` if you ca n't roll your r 's , no one would ever understand you when speaking spanish !!! '', 
  was wrong ? 
  thefuckingbitch . 
  the thing i dislike about reddit is about how everyone assume you 're american . 
  i do n't mind people correcting my english , my grammar is n't on point and i do make some spelling mistakes , so if someone ask me stuff like `` did you mean x instead of y ? '', 
  i wo n't mind , i 'd actually be thankfull ( hey , yesterday i learnt the word glider ) what i do n't like is people implying that i 'm retarded or sending me pms asking if i dropped out of high school because i do n't speak ( well , write ) a perfect english . 
  you forgot `` speaking gibberish '' but you 're pretty much on point . 
  i started learning english at school when i was 8 but i was like learning the colors or the alphabet . 
  did n't reach near fluency until i turned 18 i 'd say . 
  i remember in the playground , we had a game where we pretended to be americans and to be able to speak english lol . 
  i thought that english sounded way better than french . 
  i think english sounds cool , i always thought it sounded way better in argument than french lol . 
  the first time i heard someone speaking portuguese ( althought he was from brazil , not portugual ) i was surprised by how portuguese do not sounds like spanish at all . 
  since i 'm fairly good at understanding spanish , i do n't have a hard time with written portuguese , some words look unusual but i do n't have a problem with finding the meaning since a lot of words are very similar to spanish and/or french . 
  but for the life of me , i ca n't pick up one word out of someone speaking portuguese orally , it sounds closer to italian than spanish . 
  depends . 
  some people think it sounds super nice . 
  others think it sounds pretentious . 
  in france , our way to learn english sucks . 
  most of my english vocabulary/understanding of the language and grammar come from movies or tv series . 
  i sucked at english big time till i found out that i could watch house m.d one year before the french television broadcast , downside was that it was in english with french subtitles . 
  i started watching tv series in english at 13/14 with subtitles , then i did the same with movies , played video games in english . 
  i never actually tried to learn english , i just integrated english to my environment i 'd say . 
  by the time i was 16 , i had very little problem understanding english and writing it , still sucked at speaking it thought . 
  now i 'm age 20 and i 'm nearly fluent i 'd say , i started reading books in english in order to better it and acquire more vocabulary . 
  i recently found out that in the second harry potter movie , in order to make the anagram `` je suis lord voldemort '' ( i am lord voldemort ) , they had to translate tom jedusor middle name as `` elvis '' in french . 
  so we do n't have tom marvolo jedusor , we have tom elvis jedusor . 
  maybe it 's different from region to region, 
  emmanuel macron is n't bad looking . 
  yeah when i lived in reunion island in december on certain parts of the island , the temperature hit 40 degrees . 
  it 's kinda awfull , every move you do make you sweat . 
  honestly i rarely hear people say `` etats unis '' ( united states ) when they talk about the us , they almost always say `` l'am\u00e9rique '' . 
  i was kinda disapointed by the movie .
