and the us taxpayer should n't be expected to pay for the defence of europe . 
  none if the romney/obama alliance win in november . 
  quite good if ron paul were to be elected president . 
  the english ? 
  i 'm afraid not . 
  if anyone comes debt collecting it 'll probably be the germans . 
  you might remember the last time they came visiting ... 
  why do n't you post more things yourself ? 
  there is no article number limit on reddit . 
  your views are those of an elitist europhile snob , so of course you 'd think as you do . 
  indeed . 
  they might be right to have that feeling . 
  why thank you kindly , 
  lol . 
  true dat . 
  no i 'm real , but a eurosceptic who posts in a largely europhile forum so gets downvoted regardless of content . 
  i assume it 's been downvoted because i posted it lol . 
  not a member , but i agree with their position on the eu . 
  if the euro is going to survive ( for a bit longer ) then there is going to * have * to be a two-speed eu . 
  not just the eurozone , but with the ` core ' , which is essentially germany running the show . 
  non-eurozone countries , not just the uk , are going to be further marginalised . 
  as far as many uk eurosceptics are concerned , that is a good thing . 
  the bill was designed to stop eurosceptics calling for a proper referendum to leave the eu . 
  a referendum would only be needed to approve any such transfer of power , not whether to leave the eu . 
  i 'm sure , especially if cameron was in charge , that the wording would be such that leaving the eu would not be an option . 
  cameron is pro-membership , just wants to stop further integration ( to keep eurosceptics reasonably happy , he himself is quite pro-eu ) . 
  the bill was designed to try and keep the eurosceptic wing of the party happy . 
  cameron seems to be quite happy with fiscal integration - as long as it does n't involve the uk . 
  i 'm opposed to the eu . 
  there 's a difference . 
  yes , i think we 're in agreement with the basic analysis - even if we are on different sides on support for the eu , 
  because the tory public school leadership elite is predominantly pro-eu , in contrast to many of its mps and ordinary members of the conservative party ( and ukip members who are mainly ex-tories ) . 
  they oppose a referendum on the eu for the simple fact that they fear a victory for the eurosceptics . 
  we would not be worse off if we left the eu as we would * not * be on our own - rather we would have the entire world to trade with * including * the eu as trading would continue as before . 
  we would simply not be part of the political project to huddle together as part of a united states of europe . 
  no federal europe . 
  they should all have come home years ago . 
  better late than never ... 
  that 's the end of the euro then ... 
  good question ... 
  at least we elect them and we can vote them out of office . 
  unlike the european commission . 
  i am not a supporter of the british government . 
  once we leave the eu these policies , if they wish to pursue them , will have to be made public and voted on in parliament - where they should always have been . 
  but if we left the eu we would n't have to attend the council of ministers and whatever they and the ep decided would not apply to us . 
  no organisation is needed . 
  you can have multinational treaties that individual nations agree to . 
  nations states in the eu are * not * free to pick and choose what policies they choose in a wide array of areas - you have already mentioned some - and those in favour of a united states of europe want to go much further . 
  i do n't have any objection to efta , would be happy to be non-aligned and to have an icelandic defence expenditure . 
  if a law/directive is passed in brussels that claims supremacy over english law , that we can not change on our own , then that is an interference in our domestic affairs - we have not made the decision ourselves , but have had it imposed upon us . 
  we do n't seem to live in the same europe . 
  eu legislation has a * huge * impact on our affairs . 
  so much so that now * most * primary legislation originates in brussels . 
  you do n't need to have the eu for that . 
  nor is a ` one size fits all ' approach desirable or workable . 
  nation states should be able to freely pick and choose which policies they wish to adopt and work with others if they wish - or not . 
  switzerland has pursued its security and development largely individually ( compared to most of europe ) - but it has not been involved in many recent wars . 
  nor has portugal , or sweden . 
  maybe we should be looking at smaller states , less government and reducing military expenditure , rather than giving more power to a united states of europe . 
  agreed on nato - although i would n't want it replaced by a european defence force either . 
  your mention of sarajevo is interesting as it was the little englanders ( classical liberals ) who opposed a declaration of war in 1914 , while the pro-european ( entente cordialists ) were most in favour of the war . 
  most are also unaware that the uk was in no * formal * military alliance in 1914 and that such preparations to join the franco-russian axis against the central powers had been kept secret , not only from parliament , but even from the uk cabinet . 
  also interesting is that the principal cause of the war - the assassination of archduke ferdinand in sarajevo was an act of terrorism by the black hand organisation ( gavrilo princip was not a lone assassin ) that was backed by a rogue state - serbia and supported by the russian secret police - the okhrana . 
  it 's a supranational institution which seeks to create a united states of europe , with its own laws , defence policy and foreign relations that override those of independent nations . 
  some of us oppose the creation of such an entity - or at least do not wish to be part of it . 
  it may come as a surprise to you , but most of those of us opposed to the eu do n't go around wearing pith helmets and carrying swagger sticks . 
  we would prefer to manage our own affairs and not be ruled by anyone else . 
  that is all . 
  of the three issues , most people are concerned with our membership of the eu . 
  not that many people in england are particularly bothered whether scotland is independent or not in my experience , and only a small number ( myself included ) are republicans and would like to see the end of the monarchy . 
  as many as 70 % have said that they favour a referendum on the eu ( not a small majority ) , and just over 50 % in favour of leaving the eu - rises to about 70 % again for those in favour of renegotiation . 
  i 'm in favour of referendums on issues of constitutional significance , of which the eu is the most obvious . 
  scottish independence or the abolition of the monarchy could be other examples . 
  yep , cameron would never vote to leave the eu , he just wants a few limited powers returned to the uk . 
  he is an etonian-educated ` one nation tory ' and considered a europhile by the thatcherite wing of the party . 
  some of us would like to leave nato as well . 
  the vast majority of british people want a referendum , and most would like to leave the eu . 
  unfortunately , the pro-eu uk government - which includes cameron refuses to allow such a referendum ( because they know they would lose ) . 
  your views sbout my wishes are also of no consequence . 
  i use my news postings to inform those who may be interested about the many problems of the eu . 
  if you do n't like them , do n't read them . 
  posting news articles about europe in a sub-reddit called europe is not spam . 
  bet you would n't moan if they were all fluffy postings about the wonders of the eu . 
  time will tell . 
  the current economic crisis caused , in part by monetary union , is only a sign of things to come . 
  the articles largely speak for themselves and do n't require additional comment . 
  they are written perfectly well enough , you 're only whining because they do n't support your view . 
  i 'm an opponent of the european union and am looking forward to its abolition . 
  the sooner the better . 
  i 'm against all war . 
  the movement for change should be entirely non-violent , otherwise we are no better than those who oppress . 
  of course conscription ( national service ) still exists . 
  involuntary military servitude still persists in austria , denmark , greece , norway , finland . 
  i know of at least one french citizen who has been threatened with arrest if he ever returns to france as he evaded national service by living in the uk . 
  as a non-interventionist , i am opposed to ` humanitarian ' wars as much as those of traditional imperial conquest . 
  how many died ( and are still dying ) in iraq due to un-mandated sanctions , invasion and occupation ? 
  why is it ok to attack libya , but not syria , zimbabwe or north korea ? 
  the days when bloodthirsty bolsheviks might have rampaged over the whole of europe are long over . 
  there is no realistic threat from that mangy old bear . 
  best to just leave it alone .
