  well , one of the reasons their growth rate is so high is because they went down so low . 
  they 're basically racing to catch up to their pre-crisis gdp . 
  / r/europe has gotten very right wing in the last 6-7 months , so you have to view it through that spectrum . 
  basically the accusation is that by opening germany 's borders she has encouraged more refugees to come over . 
  this is popular with people who think europe should be taking in more refugees - but unpopular with people who think we should be taking in less/none at all . 
  it looks like they bought it from ikea . 
  the final option . 
  this thread is toxic . 
  taking in refugees was never going to be easy , does n't mean we should n't do it . 
  this is untrue . 
  [ see this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/2nvrj2/the_anticorrelation_between_levels_of_immigration/ ) . 
  i know that in my country the area 's least affected by immigration are most against it . 
  you 're scared of what you dont know - i think we see this on a europe-wide scale as well . 
  edit : lol at eastern europeans downvoting me . 
  seriously ca n't critisise them without major butthurt . 
  can you provide a source please ? 
  most articles say that the majory is halal meat is stunned in the uk . 
  this is a super unpopular opinion on reddit , and i 'm sure i 'll get downvoted to hell - but i do n't think space investment should be a super high priority for governments . 
  when we have such high poverty i do n't think pumping billions of dollars into space flight is a sage investment . 
   you pay the opposing tribe to do the job . 
  like funding the mujahideen to fight the soviets ? 
  it 's a war , let 's make no bones about it . 
  and yes , people are still the same . 
  but * people * now have mobile phones and the internet . 
  we ca n't treat intelligence like we did 100 years ago , i feel this is self-evident . 
  war has changed a lot since then . 
  it 's an inevitable fact that larger nations are more of a threat from terrorism than smaller nations . 
   but to say its `` quite hard '' is an overstatement . 
  counter-terrorism is the very definition of `` incredibly fucking difficult '' . 
  it 's actually quite hard . 
  [ here 's an interesting article on it ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-36803542 ) . 
   only the stupid ones . 
  you mean the [ imf ? 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/oct/04/imf-peak-pessimism-brexit-eu-referendum-european-union-international-monetary-fund ), 
  [ ` brexit ' ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/brexit.asp ) refers to the referendum itself . 
  all economic forecasts were based off of the vote . 
  certainly the pound crashed . 
  but the economy is still growing , construction is up , and unemployment is falling . 
  ironically the crash in the pound was a boon for the uk tourism industry , which grew considerably since brexit . 
  brexit used to refer to the referendum , and pretty much everyone said the uk economy would crash after the vote . 
  since that has n't happened , people have changed the meaning of `` brexit '' . 
  before the referendum , people we 're like `` the vote will cause the uk economy to crash , it 'll be an immediate recession , job loss etc '' , even the imf [ got in on it ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/oct/04/imf-peak-pessimism-brexit-eu-referendum-european-union-international-monetary-fund ) . 
  now that none of that has happened people are like `` it was just a vote , of course nothing happened ! '' . 
  i do n't know whether it 's short memories or people are just being purposely misleading , but even as a remain voter i find it incredibly annoying . 
   the reason english is the lingua franca is usa , not uk . 
  that was your first comment . 
  uk is still the [ number 1 ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21657655-oxbridge-one-direction-and-premier-league-bolster-britains-power-persuade-softly-does-it ) soft power in the world . 
  i do n't wholly disagree with you . 
  i think america is a superpower and the spread of english is partly ( maybe mostly ) due to them . 
  i just do n't understand how you can discount the british empire and it 's effect on world language . 
  it 's also worth noting that most of the world learn [ british english ] ( https://i.redd.it/5ef40c4kk9px.png ) , including all of the countries in the ex-british empire . 
  \\  i just stated a fact \\  french people ca n't speak english for shit pick one . 
  is it impossible to comprehend that both had an effect ? 
  it was the largest empire in world history , and britain [ was hegemonic power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_britannica ) for most of the nineteenth century . 
  india alone is the world 's second-largest english-speaking country . 
   the reason english is the lingua franca is usa , not uk . 
  i think this subreddit is making me poorer and meaner . 
   traditionally unreliable transit country why 's that ? 
  that 's not true . 
  i think it 's actually illigal for eu countries to do that . 
  is n't that why ireland was fined for accomodating apple with low taxes ? 
  in august , subsidiaries of several western companies -- eon , engie , omv , shell and wintershall -- decided not to participate in gazprom 's nord stream 2 . 
  the consortium , led by the russian state-owned gas monopoly , was established to design , finance , build and operate two additional strings of the undersea gas pipeline between russia and germany . 
  the companies also withdrew their application for merger approval , submitted to the polish competition protection authority in december . 
  in the view of the polish government , such a step showed that they had no counter-arguments to the regulator 's concerns about the likely effect of the project on competition in the polish and eu gas markets . 
  together with eight other eu member states ( the czech republic , estonia , croatia , hungary , lithuania , latvia , romania and slovakia ) , and with the tacit support of a couple of others , poland has opposed nord stream 2 since it was first announced by gazprom in 2015 . 
  it undermines european solidarity and the energy union , the eu 's flagship project . 
  the economic arguments for nord stream 2 were always questionable , especially considering overcapacity on existing supply transit routes from russia to the eu . 
  and given europe 's considerable dependence on russian gas and the damage the project would cause to the ukrainian economy ( which is subsidised by the eu ) , the political motivations behind it seemed obvious . 
  with the withdrawal of the western companies , the case against nord stream 2 looks even more powerful . 
  a project that previously appeared merely controversial now looks like a trojan horse capable of destabilising the economy and poisoning political relations inside the eu . 
  eu institutions that should make the core principles and unity of the bloc their priority have not taken a firm stand on nord stream 2 . 
  and suggestions from jean-claude juncker , president of the european commission , that a `` legal solution '' could be found have yet to amount to anything . 
  this ambiguous position is difficult to explain , especially when one considers , on the one hand , the eu sanctions against russia imposed after the illegal annexation of crimea and , on the other , the fact that gazprom is owned by the russian state . 
  by supporting nord stream 2 , the eu in effect gives succour to a regime whose aggression it seeks to punish through sanctions . 
  this contradiction is unsustainable . 
  the eu can not continue to offer financial support to ukraine , maintain sanctions against russia and call for a resilient energy union while at the same time collaborating on nord stream 2 with gazprom . 
  this is why poland and other central and eastern european member states have called on the commission to act as a guardian of eu treaties and to demand that nord stream 2 , including its offshore sections , conform in full with eu law . 
  the commission should also guarantee that the most vulnerable member states are protected from an external monopoly seeking to apply political pressure on them . 
  it has the power , if not to freeze the project completely , then at least to limit its disruptive impact on the european gas market and on the security of supply policies . 
  nord stream 2 is a test of european unity and of the credibility of eu institutions . 
  poland is determined to defend the bloc 's fundamental principles , even if that might mean appealing to the court of justice of the eu . 
  support for the project by any member state or a passive approach by the commission that results in preferential treatment being given to nord stream 2 -- for instance , exemption from the market rules enshrined in the so-called third package of legislation -- may be subject to legal challenge by poland or other countries , in the court if need be . 
  if eu institutions are unclear as to the scope of their competences , poland and its partners are ready to provide clarity in the courts . 
  promoting the economic interests of certain countries at the expense of the security and stability of others is no way for the eu to escape the crisis it finds itself in . 
  nor is it likely to imbue disillusioned citizens with renewed faith in european institutions . 
  doing that requires abandoning the pursuit of short-term individual gain in the interests of the eu as a whole . 
  the nord stream 2 affair should not be allowed to stand as an example of the eu turning a blind eye . 
  we should instead be able to hold it up as proof that the eu will act when needed to defend the rules on which it was founded . 
  my gran moved to london in the 40 's penniless . 
  after working ridiculously hard for a few years she managed to save up enough to buy a house in chiswick for about # 4,000 . 
  it 's now worth over # 1,000,000 - safe to say she would n't have been able to do the same if she was born today . 
  i still think i 'll defer to the global innovation index . 
  from their about page :  the global innovation index 2016 ( gii ) , in its 9th edition this year , is co-published by cornell university , insead , and the world intellectual property organization ( wipo , an agency of the united nations ) . 
  so the world 's foremost experts vs random dude on reddit . 
  it 's a bit of a non-starter . 
  with all due respect i 'm more inclined to believe experts than `` one random dude on reddit '' . 
  he 's [ brilliant at english . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_afo_bv-uzi ) he knows exactly what he 's doing . 
   surely your representatives can do better than that ?!,
