  the four freedoms are n't sacrosanct . 
  germany does not accept free trade in services to maintain german professional standards and france resists free movement of capital if this results in french firms being taken over . 
  hong kong was still a british colony 20 years ago . 
  india is the second largest english speaking country in the world . 
   the american century has ended . 
  bollocks to that . 
  that 's untrue . 
  see britain and e. european immigration . 
  enjoy your echo-chamber . 
   the two eu scandinavian member states ( denmark and sweden ) stand out of the crowd in the institut economique molinari study for their free-market policies . 
  for everyone who followed the historical economic development of these two nations , this is no surprise . 
  contrary to what academics , journalists and politicians often claim , over the last 25 years denmark and sweden have moved away from democratic-socialism and are now amongst the freest economies in the world , well ahead of all their southern european cousins . 
  alright mate, 
  there would have certainly been a humanitarian crisis if not for germany . 
  poland has hit back , accusing the [ commission of `` blackmail '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/26/poland-hits-back-eu-blackmail-judicial-reforms ) . 
  sounds like you 've made your mind up . 
  potato potahto, 
  there 's some salty poles in this thread . 
  how dare you have taste preferences . 
  yeah that 's fair . 
  late roman republic is really on point , i agree . 
  will check out the video . 
  i disagree with you that the war of the roses is interesting . 
  i do n't see that as an unreasonable position to hold . 
  my contention is with op 's decision to bring it up in a uk appreciation thread . 
  feels a bit shoehorned in . 
  not that impressed , mr bot . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're going there , mate . 
  i do n't deny that the uk has committed atrocities in the past . 
  but back to the original point , you said : \\  he 's not listing reasons why he hates the uk \\  he 's listing things from the uk which he hates you appreciate that that 's just a semantic difference ? 
   it 's only things to hate about the uk if the uk defines itself by those things what , it 's history ? 
  it 's just semantics at that point , no ? 
  i 'm not that fussed . 
  i just thought it was funny he listed 8 things he hates about the uk in a thread dedicated to the exact opposite . 
  maybe if we gave the parliament some actual powers they 'd be more inclined to turn up . 
  \\  thread on why people appreciate the uk \\  irishman lists 8 reasons why he hates the uk the sun rises in the east , sets in the west . 
  yeah , that was pretty stupid . 
  my point was there are advantages of having stronger/weaker currencies , even if i did n't make my argument very well . 
  how do we know if a currency is overvalued/undervalued ? 
  it 's all subjective anyway . 
  to be fair sterling was overvalued anyway . 
  the devaluation hurt some people but helped others . 
  that 's a good summary . 
  the tories are furious with theresa may but ca n't get rid of her , since brexit negotiations start in 10 days . 
  all round shitshow . 
  this is why brexit happened . 
  [ the uk always has poor growth in the first quarter . 
  ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-growth ), 
  farron has all the gravitas and charisma of a cheeky head-teacher . 
  to some people on this sub they might as well be . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  for some people it 's their whole life . 
  they just go online and get angry about people wearing hijabs . 
  they 've probably never met a muslim in their life , mind . 
  it 's amazing how the very sight of a hijab can send some people into a keyboard rage . 
  if you think ireland is more secular that britain you 're delusional . 
  irish women have to travel to britain to get abortions . 
  i do n't think germans understand german jokes . 
  he does ` alf talk some shit sometimes . 
   the eu may also be planning to refuse to allow the uk a share of the eu 's assets including buildings and bank deposits . 
  to me that seems like ill-will . 
  why should britain be forced to pay all the liabilities , but receive none of the assets ? 
   they would have been wiped out and the massacre would still have happened . 
  how do you know that ? 
  how can you say that so authoritatively ? 
  there was no excuse for not intervening . 
  that was the job they were given and they failed to achieve it . 
  i do n't blame the dutch soldiers . 
  it 's the higher-ups who failed to organise properly . 
  but ultimately the blame lies with dutchbat , despite how uncomfortable that might make people feel . 
  i 'm not being rude to you . 
  if you want to swear and insult me go ahead , i suppose that 's your right . 
  all i 'm saying is you should n't rely io polls to predict election outcomes . 
  i do n't think that 's a unique or controversial opinion . 
  so they got it wrong ? 
  they predicted that hillary was more likely to win . 
  i do n't know how you can say in any other way they got it wrong . 
  well i was replying to op 's comment where he said `` you 're a fool for not trusting polls '' . 
  i 'd say it 's unwise to completely rely on polls and there are plenty of examples where they 've failed to predict an outcome . 
  fivethirtyeight had trump winning at 28 % . 
  that does n't mean they 're not wrong , just within their `` margin of wrongness '' . 
  there 's plenty of examples in the last couple of years where the polls have been wrong . 
  i think you 're being melodramatic . 
  fivethirtyeight had trump winning at 28 % . 
  the 2015 general election was so wrong that polling companies had to be [ put under investigation ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-32751993 ) . 
  all i 'm saying is not to put too much faith in polls , they * can * and * have * been wrong . 
  edit : hey atleast i got a heckin good debate going . 
  have a good day frens . 
  here 's a hoppy picture : https://i.redd.it/wx5lugsqt4oy.jpg, 
  brown left office 7 years ago . 
  very unlikely . 
  you 're proving his point mate . 
  that 's a bit petty . 
  it 's a small miracle macron has even got this far . 
  put a nsfw tag on that homie . 
  would it not just be easier for everyone if flanders was given to the netherlands , wallonia given to france and the german bits given to germany ? 
  curious on your thoughts . 
  thanks . 
  edit : it has since come to my attention that this question was perhaps a bit insensitive . 
  sorry belgium , we all love you really .
