   he would scrape 3-4 % are you crazy ? 
  no offence but you 're delusional if you think he would scrape 3 % . 
  for one , london voted remain in the eu at one of the highest percentages in the country , and two because the mayoralty is seen as a bit of a personality cult anyway . 
  he 'd be a shoe in . 
  that 's not true , is it ? 
  maybe on certain sections of reddit , but he 's still wildly popular with the public at large . 
  if he runs for mayor of london in 2020 he 'll win by a landslide imo . 
  i think that might have just been a joke . 
  juncker is in favour of a strong commission , whilst merkel wants a powerful council that benefits her . 
  that 's the main issue . 
  the germans do n't like juncker . 
  you 're the sort of guy that just ca n't admit he 's wrong . 
  the article addresses this :  merkel 's diplomatic offensive was also a sign that with the u.k. essentially out of the eu decision-making , she will try to build broader coalitions on important questions . 
  she no longer believes germany and france , even together with italy which has joined their recent meetings , can act as a motor for the eu , analysts say . 
  in addition to the loss of economic muscle in both france and italy in recent years , merkel 's position in key areas , in particular economic and fiscal policy , is often far removed from those in paris and rome . 
  i ca n't answer the question about whether it should be legal or illegal . 
  but do n't you think , at the very least , it 's uncouth to jump from one high level-government position which oversaw the financial meltdown - to a company that was elemental in causing that financial meltdown ? 
  [ revolving door . 
  ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/revolving-door.asp ), 
  the eu needs a quota system to evenly distribute refugees to countries according to their population/means . 
  it 's the only thing that will work . 
  the visegrad group will put up a stinker but ultimately they 'll concede . 
  a petition against the appointment by goldman sachs of former european commission president jos\u00e9 manuel barroso has attracted more than 76,000 signatures . 
  the change.org petition -- which claims to have been started by a group of eu civil servants -- is asking for punitive measures to be taken against mr barroso , including the suspension of his eu pension , over his decision to work for the wall street giant . 
  the former eu chief was unveiled as the non-executive chairman of goldman sachs ' london-based investment bank in early july , a fortnight after the uk 's shock vote to quit the eu . 
  despite a long history of former politicians taking up private sector jobs , the goldman sachs appointment provoked outrage from mr barroso 's former political colleagues , including france 's president fran\u00e7ois hollande who described the move as `` morally unacceptable '' . 
  the petition is more than halfway to its stated target of 150,000 signatories and is due to be presented to current commission president jean-claude juncker at the end of september . 
  it will also go to european council president donald tusk and the leader of the european parliament , martin schulz . 
  the european commission would not comment . 
  there is no legal basis for curbing mr barroso 's pension , which is more than $ 100,000 a year , since he fully complied with an 18-month restriction period that kicked in when he left brussels in october 2014 . 
  mr barroso would not comment on the petition , while goldman sachs stressed that his 18-month restriction was `` a longer period than that imposed by most european institutions '' . 
  mr barroso succeeded another ex-eu official at goldman sachs , ireland 's former commissioner peter sutherland . 
  critics have claimed the role is inappropriate given mr barroso 's central role in forming europe 's response to the financial crisis during his decade at the helm of the eu . 
  the petition also references goldman sachs ' role in the us subprime crisis and greece 's crisis and the crucial juncture the eu faces as brexit looms . 
  `` it ( the appointment ) is , at the worst possible moment , a disastrous symbol for the union and a gift horse for the europhobes that a former commission president is associated with the . 
  values that goldman sachs represents , '' the petition argues . 
  mr barroso had told the financial times that while his conversations with the bank predated brexit , he would do what he could to `` mitigate the negative effects '' for goldman sachs of the uk 's break with the eu . 
  `` of course i know well the eu , i also know relatively well the uk environment , '' mr barroso said . 
  `` if my advice can be helpful in this circumstance i 'm ready to contribute , of course . '' mr juncker has criticised the appointment in two separate interviews . 
  `` the fact that barroso works for a bank does n't bother me , '' he told belgian newspaper le soir in late july . 
  `` but the fact that it 's that one causes me a problem . '', 
  but none on the chancellor , right ? 
  and they 're the main source of power in austria , i believe . 
  [ only since 2008 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_france#election ) , apparently . 
  so the map is a little out of date . 
  i might end up making a new one if i get the time . 
   there is a reason why most countries have a limit on the number of mandates . 
  [ opposite , ] ( http://voxeu.org/sites/default/files/image/zancon1.jpg ) actually . 
  i suppose the argument would be that term-limits are undemocratic . 
  if the people want to continue elected the same person , why stop them ? 
  i think you 're reaching a little bit . 
  germany got in a huge amount of debt due to irresponsible decisions made by it 's government - and a conscious decision was made to relieve that debt burden . 
  i do n't see how we ca n't do that with greece . 
  they 're pretty big over here . 
  i know quite a few people who have read them . 
  i do n't think anyone 's proposing a complete wipe-off of debt , just a form of relief . 
  i mean , germany had that [ after the second world war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_agreement_on_german_external_debts ) , and they 're not exactly doing too bad now . 
  yeah , i 'm a big fan of the books . 
  the movies were * okay . 
  i think it 's strange that you 're removing all blame from austria-hungry . 
  they knew full well that russia would come to serbia 's aid - ergo germany would come to theirs . 
  it was kicking a hornet 's nest , and the implications were obvious ( even at the time ) . 
  it 's much more right wing than it 's national-subreddit counterparts . 
  go to / r/unitedkingdom , / r/de or / r/france and you 'll find much more reasonable discussion . 
  get that attitude out of / r/europe . 
  god bless fossil fuels . 
   incompatible with the values of the republic ah yes , those eternal words . 
  no ireland ? 
  i 'm familiar that warsaw has a reputation for being an ugly city , but that 's not entirely their fault . 
  hopefully we 'll see an ugly duckling turning into a swan sort-of-thing . 
  quite pretty , really . 
  well it seems we have an impasse . 
  is your day 2016 ? 
  i thought it was funny . 
  ` southeastern europe ' lol . 
  like i 've ever heard anyone say that , it 's just ` the balkans ' . 
  also , just for lexicon value , in the uk there 's only ` western ' and ` eastern ' europe . 
  ` eastern ' europe being anything that was in the former soviet bloc , and ` western ' europe being anywhere that was not . 
  so greece and finland would be considered western europe , but the czech republic would not . 
  it 's messed up , but that 's just how it is . 
  i agree with / r/mathem _ . 
  if the choice is nuclear war v russia annexing part of eastern lithuania , i think the west chooses realpolitik every time . 
  i mean , everybody has this expectation of russia going in all guns blazing . 
  but they 've shown themselved to be masters of irregular warefare . 
  they 'll be in these countries before nato knows what 's happening , and then what ? 
  i do n't think america will risk nuclear war . 
  it 's not clickbait actually . 
  clickbait would be `` we looked at angela merkels approval ratings and what we found out next will blow your mind '', 
  that 's my understanding of history . 
  oh , okay yes . 
  i can see you have a point there . 
   everytime a white person says anything remotely sensitive about race , they are labeled racist on the spot . 
  that 's not really true , in my experience . 
   and did n't mind the pushes towards a closer union unless that involves taking refugees , of course . 
  i tend to disagree . 
  as long as britain is willing to share information with europe , i 'm sure europe is going to be willing to share information with britain . 
  france is n't going to be like , ` britain might have some information on this terrorist , but shoot , they left the eu last year so we 're not going to ask them ' . 
   might show with a trash bag on their head one day oh fuck off, 
  i literally have n't visited this sub in a month . 
  decided to visit again to see if things have changed ... no .
