  ukip refused to go into alliance with them in the euro parliament because of `` prejudice and anti-semitism '' . 
  it 's the romanians and poles . 
  they ca n't take critisism for some reason . 
  the problem is italian banks are in desperate need of capitalisation . 
  after this referendum lenders are going to be less keen to invest , hence the fall in the euro . 
  i think we should go back to the barter system , personally . 
   italy had a bigger economy than the uk until the mid 1990s . 
  for the last two decades italian annual growth rates have been below the eu average . 
  in the [ index of economic freedom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom ) 2015 , italy is ranked 80th in the world between madagascar and croatia . 
  furthermore , italy 's public debt levels are second only to greece in europe . 
  whichever way you want to look at it , the italian economy is in the shits . 
   in fact even today italy outperforms them ( especially britain ) in several social indicators ( health being the most notable ) . 
  i fully believe italian 's are healthier than us . 
  i mean , have you seen our food ? 
  but i 'm not talking about social indicators , just the economy . 
  and in that regard italy is lagging badly . 
  there 's absolutely no reason italy should n't be on the same league as britain , france and germany . 
  large country with natural resources , similar population to france and britain , well educated population . 
  but its economy has stumbled on for decades without growth . 
  something needs to change . 
  stability is the most underrated virtue . 
  for most of my politically conscious life italy 's been a laughing stock with the likes of berlusconi . 
  renzi , just for a little while , changed that and made me think italy could be in the same league as germany and france . 
  that 's looking less and less likely to happen . 
  italian banking collapse in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 
  sometimes it works in your favour if the polls say you 're going to lose by a small margin . 
  makes people more determined to go out and vote . 
  it was built for adversarial politics . 
  hence the cramped space and rectangular face-to-face design . 
  every week for half an hour the prime minsiter is expected to take questions from the house , in particular the leader of the opposition . 
  that 's were all these sick burns come from . 
  the vast majority of parliamentary procedure is dull as anything . 
  rome -- when italians vote on a much-awaited popular referendum on sunday , they will also be deciding the fate of prime minister matteo renzi 's government -- and expressing the country 's appetite for change . 
  the ballot is ostensibly over mr. renzi 's proposal to overhaul italy 's legislature . 
  but with his popularity waning and the economy stalled , it has become a make-or-break vote on the premier himself and his vision for a nimbler and faster-growing italy . 
  a loss would likely drive mr. renzi from office and usher in a period of instability amid growing support for a large populist party . 
  italy 's referendum kicks off a momentous electoral year in europe , where populist parties are expected to do well . 
  on the same day as the italian vote , austrians go to the polls to elect a new president , in a race that could install the country 's first right-wing populist head of state since world war ii . 
  support for antiestablishment parties is surging in france and germany , too , both of which have elections next year . 
  mr. renzi 's proposed reform takes aim at italy 's unwieldy legislature , which counts more than 900 members in a system with strong checks and balances established in the wake of fascism . 
  the goal , he says , is to make it easier to pass laws , including those meant to strengthen italy 's sclerotic economy . 
  the overhaul would cut the size of the italian senate to 100 from 315 members and strip it of its power to hold votes of confidence on new governments , leaving that responsibility entirely to the lower house . 
  mr. renzi says that change would make for more durable governments in a country that has seen more than 60 since world war ii . 
  the proposal also aims to eliminate overlapping powers between central and regional authorities that exacerbate the inefficiencies of italy 's notorious bureaucracy . 
  mr. renzi has pledged to resign in the case of a `` no '' vote , making the ballot effectively a vote of confidence in his government . 
  that has galvanized mr. renzi 's opposition . 
  everyone from union leaders to center-right leader silvio berlusconi and former prime minister mario monti is seizing on the chance to topple mr. renzi , a self-styled `` demolition man '' who swept into power in early 2014 with promises to overhaul italy 's political and economic establishment . 
  the vote also comes as voters ' patience wears thin waiting for mr. renzi 's economic reforms to kick-start an economy that is only 0.5 % larger than in 2000 and where nearly half of young people have no jobs . 
  `` renzi used to be the demolition man , and now he 's the man to be demolished , '' says roberto d\u2019alimonte , professor of politics at rome 's luiss university . 
  `` he has become the establishment ... . 
  many voters want to use this opportunity to punish him for what he has promised and not delivered . '' the last polls published before a blackout was imposed nov. 18 had the `` no '' vote ahead by as much as 8 percentage points . 
  however , at least 20 % of respondents were undecided , leaving mr. renzi 's supporters hope that a `` yes '' vote could still prevail . 
  some say mr. renzi 's resignation could open the door to a new government headed by the 5 star movement , an antiestablishment group that now enjoys nearly 30 % of popular support . 
  that prospect has spooked markets because of the party 's eclectic economic positions , including a nonbinding referendum on italy 's euro membership and renegotiation of the country 's $ 2 trillion ( $ 2.1 trillion ) debt . 
  but if mr. renzi resigns , most analysts instead expect italian president sergio mattarella to appoint a caretaker government to draft a new electoral law and ferry the country to new elections , currently slated for early 2018 . 
  there is broad consensus on the need for a new law , since italy currently has two different electoral rules for the upper and lower house of italy 's legislature -- a situation likely to produce a hung parliament in the next elections . 
  if parties agree on a new law quickly , the president could bring forward parliamentary elections , possibly to next autumn . 
  among those mooted as possible leaders of a caretaker government are dario franceschini , now arts and culture minister and an expert on electoral law , and pietro grasso , president of the senate . 
  another much-discussed figure is economy minister pier carlo padoan , although he has strongly denied any interest in the job . 
  italy 's main parties -- worried about the strength of the 5 star movement -- are likely to coalesce around a new electoral law that blunts the populists ' strength by establishing a strong proportional mechanism . 
  that means future governments will be coalition affairs , which typically involve melding together a raft of parties to win a vote of confidence . 
  since the 5 star movement rejects the idea of participating in coalition governments , it would remain in opposition . 
  but an electoral law that neuters the populists will also produce governments too weak to make the bold changes the italian economy sorely needs , according to wolfgango piccoli , head of the think tank teneo intelligence . 
  minimizing the threat of a 5 star government `` will come at a cost , '' he said . 
  `` we end up with patched-up coalition ... . 
  [ and ] whoever takes power will take a very hard look at what happened with renzi and think very seriously about whether to embark on anything serious . '' meanwhile , mr. renzi would n't exit the scene . 
  since he would likely remain leader of the large center-left democratic party , any coalition would require the support of the 41-year-old , who is widely regarded as a savvy operator without any real rivals . 
  `` there is only one real political leader [ in italy ] and his name is matteo renzi , '' mr. berlusconi said last month . 
  fair point . 
  i do n't want to be * that guy * . 
  but imagine if russia or britain surrendered early on during the war . 
  europe would be almost completely under the dominion of a toxic ideology for decades . 
  i get what your saying , but i do n't think it 's applicable for ` total war ' . 
  na , better to go out like a gazelle captured by a lion . 
  kicking and screaming until your last dying breath . 
  for what it 's worth , germany never surrendered either . 
  and they got the worst bombing raids of all ( in the european theatre ) . 
   it was pretty effective , we surrendered . 
  well , we did n't . 
  well , no . 
  because size is n't relative . 
  there are villiages in norfolk that have more museums per capita than any large city in europe , does n't mean you want to live there . 
  i remember i had a supply teacher once who was basically 100 years old . 
  he could speak german and english , and visited the netherlands shorty after the war . 
  conjecturing that german was closer to dutch than english , he would speak to people in german and regularly get dirty looks/insults . 
  at first he thought he was being inadvertently rude , but later it turned out anti-german sentiment was so high that simply speaking it would get you in trouble . 
  i do n't know how true that is , but it was a interesting story . 
  civilian bombing is the least effective form of warfare and is basically terrorism . 
  i 'm sorry for what my country did to places like dresden , did very little to advance the war effort and killed thousands of innocents . 
  what an awful war . 
  alright , calm down mate . 
  it 's not so fucking bad . 
  the only thing that ever got me down about living in the uk is people constantly shitting on it all the time . 
  truth is , if you live with immigrant you 're less likely to believe the bullshit the media feeds you . 
  if your local shop-keeper , doctor , etc is muslim and you interact with them on a daily basis , you 're less likely to believe the ` muslim 's are evil ' narritive so common on right-wing newspapers or internet forums . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  right , it 's horrible being so close to continental europe . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i think it 's a shame that your perception is being based on the media . 
  but i hope you enjoy germany .
