  russia has n't been violating turkish airspace `` daily for months '' and you know it . 
   russian aircraft violated turkish airspace on oct. 3 and oct. 4 i think me and you have different definitions of `` almost daily for months '' . 
  as a nato member turkey has to take extra precaution when dealing with a country like russia . 
  they 're not just risking themselves , but every other members of the bloc . 
  there 's absolutely no reason why turkey could n't have scambled some jets and escorted it out of their airspace . 
  this is what every other country does in the same situation . 
   russia has been violating turkish airspace almost daily for months source ? 
  so out of the tens of thousands of times turkey has violated greek airspace they 've only shot down a jet once ? 
  sounds pretty lenient to me . 
  this is compared to russia who have only violated turkish airspace once , and for less than 20 seconds . 
   in all cases the turkish jets were chased off by greek aircraft . 
  two of the eight turkish aircraft were armed . 
  this is what most civilised countries do . 
  you do n't shoot down a plane the second it enters your airspace , you scramble some jets and escort it out . 
  it 's more about realpolitik than principles . 
  germany took in the refugees because no one else would . 
  exactly , how do people not understand this . 
  germany could have closed its borders like all its neighbours , but decided not to to avoid a humanitarian crisis . 
  you 're fighting the good fight , son . 
  its undemocratic . 
  you have to represent the whole country even if not everyone voted for you . 
  the biggest mistake fledgling democracies make is thinking it 's all about the ballot box . 
  voting is simply the necessary evil that ( hopefully ) leads to democracy . 
  that 's not it , its the meaning behind the words . 
  it implies that politics is a `` winner takes all '' system where once you 're in opposition you cant do anything . 
  it 's an undemocratic and backwards mentality . 
   without seeing evidence either way i am going to assume it has no effect . 
  why do n't you just conclude that you do n't know ? 
  well , that 's the big question . 
  why not both ? 
  a loss for europe is n't necessarily a gain for russia . 
  no need to think of things so binary . 
  strange thing for you to pick up on in the whole article . 
  cultural diversity can certainly have a positive effect on economic growth , especially because a lot of people moving to london are already well off . 
  is n't london like france 's [ 6th biggest city ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-26823489 ), 
   because law and justice now controls an absolute majority in parliament -- something that has n't happened since the end of communism in 1989 -- the opposition has been unable to slow its legislative juggernaut . 
  efforts to derail the bill or at least water it down in committee were easily overridden by law and justice . 
   ** `` that 's the taste of life in the opposition . 
  ** are these people literally idiots ? 
  i ask myself every morning when i wake up . 
   otherwise we could also ask ourselves , does humanity really need to exist ? 
  damn . 
  i did n't realise belgium was so important . 
  flair checks out, 
  maybe we could try denmark ? 
  when germany goes far right , they go far right through belgium . 
  what do you mean by ` taken in ' ? 
  as in they immigrated to poland ? 
  these people are mostly coming from the west of ukraine , which is as safe as it 's ever been . 
  no , op is using the phrase correctly . 
  [ from wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_englander ) :  `` little englander '' is an epithet applied in criticisms of english people who are regarded as xenophobic and/or overly nationalistic and are often accused of being ` ignorant ' and ` boorish ' . 
  it is sometimes applied to opponents of globalism , multilateralism and internationalism , such as those who are against membership in the european union . 
  poland recieves billions of euro 's in developement funds : the eu is great !, 
  poland asked to take a few thousand refugees : what is this horrible organisation !, 
  it must change !, 
  sorry i do n't understand your point , could you explain ? 
  if in doubt , blame it on germany . 
  did n't ukraine just ban the communist party ? 
  i 'm sure people coming from ethnically homogeneous societies find the transition startling . 
  however for people who have lived there all their lives ( i 'm one of them ) it 's one of the things they love about it . 
  just visit / r/london . 
  poland was asked to take 7,000 refugees , i 'm sure their infrastructure can handle it . 
  nothing 's wrong with them being there short-term - i was just making the point that many are there to work rather than to seek refuge . 
  ukraine is perfectly safe everywhere other than the far eastern bits . 
  they 're not actually fleeing a conflict , they 're emigrating because of the economic downturn that has affected ukraine . 
  most simpy have short-term work visas which they are using till things settle down in ukraine . 
  this is opposed to people from syria who are fleeing a civil war which has killed hundreds of thousands of people . 
  there 's a massive difference . 
   also , how can you shame poland for not accepting refugees when they 've taken in hundreds of thousands of refugees already this year ? 
  are you refering to ukrainians ? 
  in a globalised world it 's impossible to stay isolated . 
  your argument that `` poland is for poles '' is a silly one because millions of poles have made their home in other european countries like britain , france and germany . 
  and how exactly do you define a pole ? 
  if they are muslim do they count ? 
  what if they have dark skin ? 
  just a couple of months ago poland was asked to take in a couple thousand refugees and they nearly refused . 
  i do n't know how you can argue these are n't significant obsticles to further eu integration . 
   why ? 
  is the official obligatory policy of europe to be welcoming large scale immigration ? 
  you 're twisting my words , when did i say anything about large scale immigration ? 
  i 'm just saying , if people want west and eastern europe to become closer the disparity between how they treat non-eu foreigners has to become narrower . 
   groups that have n't assimilated legitimately hated us ( we were n't any better , just to clarify ) . 
  jews were notorious for collaboration with communists . 
  i 'm i reading this right or did you just accuse jews of hating poland ? 
  i mean , where do you get that perspective ? 
  from newpapers ? 
  i often find eastern europeans are most vocal about how multiculturalism has failed , but i often wonder how much they 're actually effected by it . 
  i think the way ex-soviet bloc countries treat foreigners is the big elephant in the room for modern europe . 
  it 's the one way in which they 're not at the standard of western european countries , and that has to change for europe to move forward . 
  lol there is no comparison between the refugees germany takes in and the migrants that immigrate to poland . 
  how dense can some people be . 
  visit / r/europes . 
  turkey 's letter to the un ? 
  the usa [ would have been notified ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34588286 ) of russian flights in that area , and then they would have passed it on to turkey . 
  there 's absolutely no way turkey did n't know that was a russian jet . 
   at that moment turkish air force did n't know it was russian or syrian . 
  you and me both know that 's very unlikely . 
  i suppose you would agree that turkish jets should be shot down everything they violate greek airspace ? 
  which was [ 2,000 times last year ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/11/26/turkish-jets-violated-greek-airspace-over-2000-times-last-year-infographic/ ) .
