  that 's why retail shop 's in germany are always open on sunday . 
  i think you 're being a bit melodramatic . 
  is it not so much to ask to have some exceptions for religious belief ? 
  especially one that 's not that intrusive . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it can look quite good , especially compared to the burka . 
  idiotic to fire someone for wearing a hijab . 
  it 's relatively unintrusive and completely shows the face . 
  48 % of people voted to stay . 
  no need to broad brush a whole popoulation . 
   typical british view not to care about your actions impact on others . 
  how is that not rude ? 
  that history is underwhelming . 
  like , i 'm legitimately depressed . 
  i was n't even this upset when the conservative won the last election . 
  no need to be rude . 
  yes , that 's what you were trying to say . 
  but saying it 's a 2 % difference is factually incorrect . 
  4 % difference . 
  i know what you 're trying to say though . 
   the rest of the eu members have already made clear that they will not accept that and will keep increasing the pressure until you do invoke article 50 . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  the balls in our court in this situation . 
  the referendum is non-binding and was basically just a glorified straw poll . 
  i would n't be sure . 
  it really depends on how fast we decide to trigger article 50 . 
  it 's entirely possible that it will be a number of years before we do this , and by that time the political atmosphere might have changed . 
  back in february he said he wanted britain to vote leave so we could negotiate a better deal , then have another referendum to vote remain . 
  mutterings of a madman . 
  you have a lot of that in poland , do you ? 
  could you link me to the previous post ? 
  thanks . 
  in most countries cencuses are only conducted every ten years . 
  this is likely the only data they had . 
  i had the same experience working with polish people . 
  they act like their country is on the verge of being taken over by muslims and you like at the statistics and it 's like ... what . 
  so what do you think the actually percentage of muslims in these countries are ? 
  the muslim population stayed broadly the same in those four years . 
  the comparison is valid . 
  why are you acting so offended ? 
  it 's just data . 
   when people are asked about this , they do not make a quantitative assessment of how things are on average across their country . 
  the survey accounted for this , and asked people across france rather than one specific area . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  let 's take your country for example : [ in america ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/4435/public-overestimates-us-black-hispanic-populations.aspx ) , people estimate that 33 % of the nation is black ( actually 12 % ) and people estimate 29 % of the nation is hispanic ( again actually 12 % ) . 
  americans are even more terrible than europeans at [ guessing what percentage is muslim ] ( http://www.idigitaltimes.com/muslim-population-us-new-poll-shows-none-us-have-any-idea-392930 ) with the average american guessing 15 % ( in actuality 1 % ) . 
  it 's called perception bias and the media has a lot to do with it . 
  sounds about right . 
  that 's what happened at my school . 
  worked perfectly well . 
  at my school we simply had a private room muslim students could go into during lunch/break to pray . 
  i do n't see why this school could n't do that , seems like a overreaction to me . 
   his loudest critics within his own party have publicly stated he 'll be forced to step down even if brexit does not happen . 
  source ? 
  it 's entirely possible i just do n't get german humour , i 'd agree with that . 
  skwurl in north america , skwirrel britain and australia . 
  schrirer in germany . 
  probably because britain is a eurosceptic right-leaning country and many people in this sub are european federalists . 
  but to be honest , we by no means get the most hate . 
  france and germany both get their fair share of hate on this sub , and both of those pale in comparison to russia . 
  notable examples also include turkey and greece , who get fluctuating levels of hate depending on the context . 
  [ sqwirrerr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejuk8_12fmg ), 
  i really dislike the stereotype that germans ` are n't funny ' . 
  because it 's totally untrue and i 've met plenty of hilarious germans . 
  but with all due respect this is utter tripe . 
  it 's a style of comedy which has completely fallen out of favour in the uk , which is basically ` insult as much as you can in as little time as possible ' . 
  which has its merits , but i found this completely unfunny . 
  edit : would recommend watching the first half of the video , which op did n't link to . 
  much funnier and does a better job at satire than the second half . 
  you ca n't just insult someone and then hide behind the veil of `` it 's satire '' . 
  what 's the situation with nicolas sarkozy ? 
  i heard the rumblings of ` le comeback ' in the press a couple of years ago , but it seems to have died down . 
  saudi arabia, 
  salty, 
  i do n't believe that about serbia . 
  nope , appreciate the correction !, 
  it 's thought that labour [ lost votes ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2016-36203311 ) in north london for this reason . 
  in the end though khan 's campaign was so dominant that it did n't ~ ~ effect ~ ~ affect him much . 
   i dont like queues though . . you 're banned from britain . 
  i 'm here for the popcorn . 
  seriously , it 's aweful here . 
  you ca n't go out past 10pm without being stopped and detained by the sharia police . 
  i feel pressured into just learning arabic , since it 's pretty much the lingua franca at this point . 
  i 've bought my wife a hijab , but she does n't need to wear it since she never leaves the house . 
  please do n't come here , london 's falling apart . 
  i 'm surprised if it 'll even be here in 10 years after the caliphate of islamic south-england is well in place . 
  great men are rarely good men . 
  marx analysis of capitalism is actually pretty compelling . 
  his analysis of communism on the other hand ... e / i 'm not trying to be controversial guys . 
  communism was a flawed ideology , but karl had some reasonable criticisms of capitalism . 
  i 'm always being cheeky mate . 
   yes , yes it 's british calm down i was only ` avin a giggle mate . 
  banter banter . 
   forced to eat british food wot like curry 's and pizza ? 
  god y' all ca n't take a joke, 
  / r/europe without politics . 
  it may take off , it may not . 
  / r/casualeurope, 
  thanks !, 
  will do !,
