  oh sorry i though you mean / r/uk . 
  / r/casualuk is grand . 
  it 's probably the most miserable depressing place on reddit . 
  speak inglish, 
  the problem is they banned pretty much everything other than politics . 
  which is ridiculous , since there 's already a / r/ukpolitics . 
  people have created / r/casualuk , which is a pretty good alternative . 
  totally ignoring the concept that people change their views as they get older . 
  when you 've got a family , mortgage , commitments you 're less likely to vote for sweeping change . 
  that 's twice in a generation for most people . 
  it 's such a roll of the dice . 
  quebec had two referendums in quick succession and it basically killed the movement . 
  that could happen to scotland too . 
   obviously , people who supported actions of ira because that 's what are we talking about ? 
  therefore the `` irish '' side is those people who supported the ira ? 
  that 's so ignorant it 's verging on offensive . 
  the vast majority of irish people wanted nothing to do with the ira , even during the height of the conflict . 
  please research the issue before talking about . 
  it 's really basic stuff . 
   but what realistically could have been done if there were no terror threat as a leverage on irish side ? 
  first of all , what does this actually mean . 
  there was no `` irish '' side of the conflict . 
  are you talking about the republic of ireland , northern ireland , the ira or the unionist paramilitaries ? 
  this sentence means nothing , it 's literally nonsensical . 
   if you look for example on palestine and israel comparing northern ireland to palestine is ridiculous in so many levels . 
  i 'm even not going to go through it because i have an essay to do . 
  but please do some research . 
   i do n't know really in detail the situation a good rule of thumb is that if you do n't know much about the irish situation you should n't make broad assumptions about it . 
  oh come off it mate . 
   and we 're supposed to celebrate this as some sort of victory ? 
  yes . 
  because how else were we suppose to resolve the conflict ? 
  the ira were n't going to be defeated by force alone , and the two sides needed to come to an accord . 
  mcguinness to his credit came forward to work towards a peaceful solution . 
  again , that 's not absolving him of his crimes . 
  just acknowledging that he played a role in the eventual peace in ireland . 
  well , i think mcguinness is a complicated case . 
  he gladly put down his guns to work for peace , and certainly many lives were saved because of that . 
  however , we ca n't forget his past crimes . 
  he 's proof that people can be multi-layered , and not simply good or bad . 
  there 's a considerable amount of support of the ira in / r/europe . 
  they 're generally considered the `` good terrorists '' because they gave people warning before they attacked . 
  i think this graph shows you all you need to know . 
  so what 's the beef here ? 
  i 'm lost . 
  1 ) britain has n't left yet 2 ) 9 months probably is n't a good study period to gauge the effects of brexit, 
  union jack is more recognisable than st george 's cross . 
  if my grandmother had wheels she 'd be a bicycle . 
  you ca n't give me one example of something and act like that proves your argument . 
  no need to be rude mate . 
  jfk was only 43 when he became president . 
  and the average age of constitutional delegates in 1785 was 42 . 
  age is n't always a problem . 
  so who would win between le pen and macron ? 
  that 's a false comparison . 
  the reason the northern irish economy is in the shits is because no-one wants to invest in an unstable region . 
  therefore the uk pumped considerable amounts of money in the area to stop the economy from tanking . 
  the german economy is n't suffering any lingering effects from the ss , as far as i 'm aware . 
  i fully believe in the long term ulster can become a prosperous region of a united ireland . 
  but the short term impact is going to be huge , because the north is so dependent on public services . 
  the question is whether the republic can bankroll that sort of transition . 
  the germans are still paying a reunification tax 30 years on , and their economy is decidedly less fragile than that of ireland . 
  i saw a poll that said if unification meant a rise in taxation support dropped to 30 % in the republic ( down from 60 % without tax increase ) . 
  it 's going to be a difficult hurdle to pass . 
   shitting on the ira i 'll shit on the ira any day of the week . 
  they 're the reason northern ireland is in the situation they 're in . 
  i defer to / u/i-will-wait 's comment . 
  i interpreted your comment to mean the uk was holding n. ireland ` economically hostage ' to stop reunification , was i wrong ? 
  if we 're going back that far we 've got nothing to argue about . 
  might as well blame the anglo-saxons . 
  cause it was all those english terrorists killing people in omagh ... 
   more likely to eventually thrive after reunification source pls, 
  aww , shucks . 
  no one knows how to pronounce that , mate . 
  no joke reunification would probably bankrupt the republic . 
  norn iron runs a deficit so huge it would make greece blush . 
  yep , make you feel better ? 
  yes , algeria should fall on their knees and thank france for colonising them . 
  the german army as it stands is a rump though . 
  give deutschland 12 months to prepare for war and i do n't think russia make it past the eastern border , if it was a surprise attack they 'd make it all the way to the low countries . 
  i think russia takes most of europe in a surprise attack . 
  if europe is initiated to it they do n't make it past the baltics . 
  national subreddits tend to be a lot better . 
  there 's an infallible rule on reddit that the bigger a subreddit gets the worse the quality , so subs between 10,000 and 50,000 subs are usually the best . 
   the uk is now leaving the eu because of immigration and you 're pretending that you prefer migrant from your old colonies rather than europeans ? 
  for real ? 
  you prefer indians , afghan , pakis over anyone in europe ? 
  take your white nationalism back to stormfront you racist fool . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i did n't say that but i totally sympathise with it . 
  there 's a lot of stuff which is up for discussion but which is discarded out of hand . 
  i 'm a pro-european remainer . 
  but i 'll still listen to brexiters and give them a fair hearing . 
  it 's not hard to have a decent dialogue with someone , even if you 're on completely different sides of the political spectrum . 
  a lack of debate is what 's caused the issue we 're in now . 
  this sub is starting to remind me of / r/politics . 
  where it 's just two sides vigorously throwing shit at each other . 
  it 's not helpful . 
   you have to make these kind of decisions . 
  well , we did .
