  please do n't downvote me just because you disagree , that 's bad rediquette . 
  whatever happens , it was massively irresponsible for turkey to down the jet . 
  just as a consensus was beginning to grow on the syria conflict , a nato ally shoots down a russian jet for a 5-second air space incursion . 
  you ca n't help wondering if it 's in turkeys interest keeping the conflict going , considering how much oil they 're buying from isis and their fear of a kurdish state . 
  this image implies that sanctions we 're the main reaons for russia 's economic decline , but falling oil prices presumable had a much stronger effect ? 
  there 's a difference between buying russian gas and expanding it massively . 
  germany should put nord stream 2 off until sanctions are over . 
  it should n't be about doing the bare minimum . 
  countries in east and southern europe have been hit hard by the sanctions , the least germany could do is put the deal off until sanctions are over . 
  sanctions only work if you provide a unified front . 
  for germany to go ahead with this oil deal would undermine that massively . 
  if nord stream 2 goes ahead there 's really no reason to keep sanctions against russia . 
  it 's easy for germany to dictate other countries about stopping trade with russia , and then on the other hand negotiate a multi-billion dollar oil deal with them . 
  if you 're eating so little that you 're physically ill then you have a problem . 
  presumably they can choose what doctor they visit , and if they really want they can see a female doctor . 
  i really do n't think there 's that much of a comparison . 
  what does that even mean . 
  alright , i laughed . 
  i mean , it 's the same logic that goes into making builders wear crash hats or driver 's wear seat belts . 
  i have no problem with it . 
  i 'd like to find out what percentage of models are obese , i bet it would be less than 0.1 % . 
  but people in this thread are acting like it 's plaguing the industry . 
   it 's really becoming a thing it 's really not , they just get loads of media attention . 
  i 'd be amazed if more than 0.1 % of models are obese . 
  but one is massively more prevalent in the fashion industry than the other . 
  it would make sense that they would legislate for the more important thing . 
  doctors are n't idiots , they know the difference . 
  i think that 's a bit of a ridiculous argument . 
  just because there are fat people we should n't worry too much about thin people ? 
  i do n't really get it . 
  i think under that logic pretty much anywhere in the world could be gaza . 
  lol what the fuck does that picture prove ? 
   what the fuck happened to scotlands west coast ? 
  it was drawn by an englishman is what happened . 
   more resembles gaza than europe nowhere in the eu resembles gaza . 
  do n't believe everything you read in the media . 
  that 's actually kinda beautiful . 
  calm down there bismarck . 
  [ i consider this to be near-perfect . 
  absolutely agree with renzi here . 
  italy has been hit hardest by the sanctions , the least germany could do is put off nord stream 2 until after they 're over . 
  a controversial german pipeline deal with russia has attracted a new adversary in matteo renzi , the italian prime minister , whose frustration with the project is complicating efforts to extend the eu 's economic sanctions against the kremlin . 
  mr renzi last week blocked an effort to roll over the measures against russia for another six months amid irritation at germany 's insistence on moving forward with the pipeline , which largely follows the same path as the original nord stream pipeline , and its refusal to allow brussels to review the project , known as nord stream 2 . 
  mr renzi 's resentment over germany 's championing of the plan has risen to such a level that his team has informed aides to donald tusk , the european council president , that he wants to discuss the issue at thursday 's eu summit , according to two senior eu officials . 
  the italians believe nord stream 2 , backed by senior members of german chancellor angela merkel 's government , runs contrary to the spirit of the sanctions campaign against russia and amounts to a powerful germany putting its economic needs ahead of the bloc 's collective diplomacy . 
  `` we are strong on sanctions , but on the other hand a number of countries , or companies , are able to double [ the size of ] nord stream , '' one italian official said . 
  the $ 11bn nord stream 2 project , which russian gas monopoly gazprom announced in september with a consortium of five european companies , would connect germany and russia through the baltic sea , bypassing the three baltic countries as well as poland . 
  it has risen up the eu agenda in recent weeks after the obama administration joined an increasingly vocal group of central and eastern european countries in objecting to the plan . 
  the original nord stream pipeline has long been seen as a geopolitical betrayal by many of the eu 's ex-communist , eastern member states -- especially after gerhard schr\u00f6der , the german chancellor who advocated the pipeline , joined nord stream 's board after leaving office . 
  critics of the new project argue that the existing nord stream pipeline can only operate at 50 per cent capacity because it violates eu competition regulations , obviating any commercial need for doubling its size . 
  instead , they believe the project is part of a russian strategy to build pipelines that bypass ukraine , which would diminish the war-torn country 's strategic importance . 
  berlin has so far resisted the pressure to block the plan by insisting it is a commercial deal without government involvement or advocacy . 
  but a poland-led group of easterners has also been pushing for a debate at thursday 's summit , raising the prospect of southern and eastern countries ganging up on germany . 
  despite their discontent , eu officials said they still expected sanctions against russia to be extended after the discussion at the summit -- a decision that would be based on moscow 's failure to fully adhere to the terms of a ceasefire agreement seeking to end the conflict in eastern ukraine . 
  in his letter on tuesday to eu leaders inviting them to the summit , mr tusk said he had asked eu ambassadors to pass the measure on friday , after the summit concludes . 
  italy has often been among the strongest advocates for resuming normal commercial relations with moscow ; it is the second largest eu trader with russia . 
  but rome remains angry at brussels ' decision to kill south stream , another gazprom pipeline project that was to bring russian gas to europe through italy . 
  italian oil group eni was a major investor in south stream , but moscow cancelled the project last year after the european commission repeatedly questioned construction contracts struck within eu transit countries , such as bulgaria . 
  since the cancellation of south stream , the kremlin has attempted to reroute the pipeline through turkey -- but turkstream became the victim of recent russo-turkish tensions over the downing of a russian fighter over turkish airspace . 
  despite the eu 's role in killing south stream , german leaders have publicly insisted brussels has no authority over the nord stream 2 project since it will be built through international waters . 
  miguel arias ca\u00f1ete , the eu 's energy commissioner , has said eu law gives brussels the right to approve the pipeline and suggested it could undermine eu policies aimed at diversifying energy supplies away from russia . 
  but officials said german allies within the european commission have challenged whether brussels can issue the final legal go-ahead . 
  additional reporting by alex barker in brussels and henry foy in warsaw, 
  i suppose we disagree on a fundamental level . 
  i 'm not really that concerned about `` power '' - my country was the most powerful country in the world for about 100 years and it did us no good . 
  can confirm , that 's me on holiday . 
  i think you 're over-simplifying this massively . 
   the same way one thing can be legal in one us state and illegal in another , even on serious matters like death penalty . 
  it would still be a loose federation , not a unitary state . 
  there would be plenty of leeway to accommodate different preferences . 
  it 's interesting that you use the usa as an example . 
  i 'm not really sure it 's something we should aspire to ( no offense yanks ) , and i think you overstate how much power the individual states have . 
  a federal europe is completely unrealistic in any short-term scenario . 
  perhaps in 100 - 200 years when every european country is broadly similar , but currently there are too many differences . 
  according to / r/europe . 
  alright i see how it is . 
  have a good day . 
  you can have large foreign born communities without having multiculturalism . 
  they 're not synonymous . 
   the applause following her speech lasted nine minutes and again had to be interrupted by merkel . 
  `` thanks , but we have work to do , '' she said . 
  how very german . 
  it 's rarely a good thing to be comparable to margaret thatcher . 
  is this the start of `` le comeback '' for nicolas sarkozy ? 
  does this pave the way for ` le comeback ' of nicolas sarkozy ? 
  fair enough then . 
  which album sorry ? 
  could you link me to it . 
  could you provide a source please ? 
  [ this study from 2013 shows switzerland higher across the board . 
  ] ( http://vizhub.healthdata.org/gbd-compare/#settings=c421c8d9d3e01c5411ea0c5f40360637b22ba65d ), 
  the weapons brevik used ( a semi-automatic rifle and a pistol ) are illegal in the uk . 
  firearm deaths in the uk per 100,000 : 0.23 % firearm deaths in switzerland per 100,000 : 3.08 %, 
   it 's exactly the same impulse as politicians calling for increased surveillance over and over and over again it 's not , is it ? 
  it 's saying `` let 's ban guns '' , which makes perfect sense in the uk but is not nessessarily popular eu-wide . 
   so what you are saying is that an incident like the one with breivik means that every semi auto gun should be banned ? 
  works in the uk . 
  this sub went down the shits a long time ago . 
  try / r/europes . 
  what a fool i look .
