  [ here 's the interview in question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnnxzvsa2sc ) , it 's all in french . 
  the person you replied to did n't call you any names . 
  he just voices the common opinion ( outside this subreddit ) that e. europe countries are all for integration if it means them benefiting . 
  but when a difficult burden comes along they shirk their responsibility . 
  you could call them `` fair weather europeans '' . 
  if there 's anything this sub has taught me , is not to criticise eastern europeans in any form whatsoever . 
  it 's like kicking a hornet 's nest . 
   jews should n't live in a country where a lot of muslims flock to '' is n't that , like , the whole history of israel ? 
  whatever helps you sleep at night mate, 
  that 's so embarrassing . 
  you can see a flash of anger in her eyes before she decided to let the guy live . 
  it 's not a competition . 
  i want unlimited funding for the nhs . 
  but that 's not going to happen , we have to live within our means . 
  that 's not true . 
  no , multiculuralism has not failed . 
  that 's not a popular opinion on this subreddit , but it 's a fact . 
  london is not crumbling . 
  london is thriving . 
  get used to it . 
  it 's not segregation you jackass . 
  have you ever actually been to london ? 
  or do you just listen to what fox news says about `` no-go '' zones . 
  can confirm , live in london . 
  99 % of people get on just fine , just do n't stand on the left side of the elevator . 
  i want free cake everyday . 
  does n't mean i 'm going to get it . 
  na fuck doctors i want more brimstone missiles . 
  i 'm not gon na lie i was talking out my arse when i said it was unsustainably large . 
  yes , overstretched is probably a more accurate way to describe it . 
  our army is unsustainably large , the cuts are necessary . 
  bear in mind that germany spends 43.9 annually on its military , whilst we spend 61.8 billion . 
  and germany 's economy is a third larger than ours . 
  wow , that makes a lot of sense . 
  it 's a whole two extra syllables . 
  ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  is that true ? 
  dutch people all ways have a go at me for calling it holland . 
  now this is a conspiracy theory i can get behind . 
  on this sub non-white = refugee . 
  i 've taken the executive decision not to base all of my views on the media . 
   have seen recent problem with migrants i 've seen the media reporting on it , yes . 
  but have i ever personally had problem with migrants ? 
  my name 's mohammed , actually . 
  i find those sort of sweeping generalisations offensive . 
  e / this was sarcasm , btw, 
   france , germany , sweden and so on i do n't know if i want my country to turn into same shit hole . 
  those countries are n't shitholes . 
  it 's just a boogeyman , rather than getting your head around complicated issues it 's easy just to blame something . 
  in this case it 's germany . 
  do n't expect to get a rational discussion on this subreddit . 
  that fact that no one replied shows you made a really good point . 
  yes , you could make that argument . 
  they 're not , really . 
  they all come from the west of ukraine , which is as safe as it 's ever been . 
  they 're simply emigrating from the economic fallout which has effected their country . 
  this is in contrast with people from syria who are fleeing a civil war . 
  there 's isis in the north of the country , al assad 's forces in the west and a host of other groups scatters throughout the country ( including al nusra front and other less savoury types ) . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  i find it very difficult to believe that the german executive office of criminal investigation would just make up statistics . 
  is it that hard for you to believe that refugees are n't more criminal than the rest of the german population ? 
  the crime rate of refugees is [ equal to that of native germans ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/report-refugees-have-not-increased-crime-rate-in-germany/a-18848890 ) , according to the german federal office of criminal investigation . 
  well , not really . 
   they were still hanging around the place ... you do n't know they were n't involved so `` foreigners near cologne train station '' is enough information to justify attacking someone ? 
   citizens need to stand up and defend themselves ... by attacking random foreigners ? 
  i would disagree with that . 
  i love how your comment basically just says `` i spoke to someone '' and then goes on to list how absolutely aweful refugees are . 
  no sources , no nothing . 
  i 'm sure this comment will go down well on / r/europe /, 
  orban is a textbook populist . 
  he 'll say whatever he needs to get re-elected . 
   he probably meant that salafist and more conservative forms of islam are n't compatible he literally said `` islam is incompatible with western values '' . 
  it 's a pretty absolute statement and one that 's pretty common on this subreddit . 
   says islam is incompatible with the western values . 
   links to post showing muslim politician voting for gay marriage . 
  tell that to the soon-to-be mayor of london . 
  this subreddit is fiercely islamophobic and you know it . 
  i think is london is willing to elect boris johnson they would be willing to elect zac goldsmith . 
  lol if you do n't think this sub is right wing than you 're delusional . 
  okay , so neighbours speak out , but the children still want to partake in ramadan . 
  what then ? 
  do we get the force feeding tubes out ? 
  the difference between this thread and the / r/unitedkingdom one is interesting . 
  shows you how right wing this sub has got . 
  i 'm genuinely curious how you go about enforcing this ? 
  please enlighten me . 
   let the children eat so they can be in optimal form on their exam . 
  it 's not that they 're being forced , it 's just tradition that they have n't really questioned . 
  i do n't know how you plan to force feed hundreds of thousands of people . 
  it would be unfair to the children as they probably do n't have much choice in the matter of participating in ramadan . 
  your comment was unhelpful as it offers no solution . 
  well that 's not a very helpful comment . 
  i have no problem with this . 
  fasting all day ( water & food ) can strongly effect your cognitive ability and would put muslims at a disadvantage . 
  i do n't believe that 's true . 
  what tripe . 
  seriously , you guys ca n't take any criticism . 
   russia is n't going to fire nukes or invade over a fucking jet shootdown wars have been started over less . 
  i do n't know how you can say that with so much confidence . 
  i do n't think you can find the sources because there are n't any .
