  nope . 
  the nigel has scored, 
  i 'd say it says more about fptp than anything else . 
  it 's very hard for * any * third party to get into power in the uk , let alone one that got 3 million votes in the last election . 
  well , the tories threw everything and the kitchen sink at that constituency ... 
  perhaps not likeable , but certainly [ well spoken and charismatic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dranqfntngo ) . 
  straight out of / u/morigain 's wank bank . 
  it 's gotten to the point where people on this sub are n't even reading the * titles * of posts . 
  they just go straight to the comment section and start spewing xenophobic drivel . 
  i love how espousing vaguely left-wing opinions is somehow ` trolling ' now . 
  same in the uk - most of the ` foreign mothers ' of recent years are eastern european . 
  some primary schools where i live are 1/3 eastern european kids first or second generation . 
  you wo n't see / r/europe complaining about that though . 
  good . 
  germany has a falling birth rate , it needs more babies . 
  well this thread turned into a right little hate-fest . 
  robbery happens everywhere , mate . 
  as opposed to the dutch strategy of acting like a highway for * real * germans . 
  edit : this was probably a bit mean, 
  i think the point is everyone here * knows * what nationalism is . 
  your just being such an ass about it that no one wants to give you the time of day . 
  why are you making this your cross to bear ? 
  it 's relatively minor . 
   if that 's true , it 's because they themselves are dumb . 
  i 'm not stupid , you 're stupid !, 
  it 's mostly hitting scotland . 
  i 'm not convinced the refugee crisis played a huge role in the leave vote . 
  it 's more freedom of movement in general . 
  did you even read the article you linked to ? 
  it just describes the ethnic background of germany based on demography . 
  that 's not what op was talking about . 
  if you 're born and raised in germany you 're german by definition . 
  it does n't matter if you 're jewish-german or muslim-german or christian-german , you 're still german . 
  the refugee crisis is a greater threat to european unity than any brexit referendum . 
  did we also steal your full stops ? 
  the only reason britain shares a land border with ireland is because of a referendum in 1920 where six irish counties decided they did n't want to become part of an independent ireland . 
  this is a completely seperate issue to scotland and i do n't know why you 're bringing it up . 
  ... that 's why scotland got a referndum . 
  i do n't even know what you 're talking about at this point . 
  that 's not what you said . 
   scotland got their referendum because the uk did n't want another ira situation on their hands . 
  scotland got their referendum because a pro-independence party was elected in holyrood . 
   that 's police negligence in not clearing the area . 
  so if i phone up the police and say , `` i 've placed a bomb outside a gregg 's in manchester , i 'm not telling you which gregg 's - and you 've got half an hour to respond '' , it 's somehow the police 's fault ? 
   scotland got their referendum because the uk did n't want another ira situation on their hands . 
  now you 're just being silly . 
   they never tried to kill children . 
  they just decided to place two bombs in unspecified places and left the police 30 minutes to respond . 
  i 'm sure their conscience is clear . 
  you 're implication that n. ireland would n't be given a unification referendum without the gfa is hogwash . 
  scotland got one and they 're not even murdering children ... 
  the provisional ira were a group of thugs , degenerates and lackeys who pushed back the progress of northern ireland for decades . 
  the sooner they 're confined to the dustbin of history , the better . 
  i will not/cannot support a group who consider the murder of children a just cause towards their political ambitions . 
  one day n. ireland will join the republic of ireland , but that will be done by a democractic vote via the people of northern ireland . 
  the ira were thugs who murdered innocent men , women [ and children . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warrington_bomb_attacks#second_attack ) they may not have had the same motives as islamic terrorists , but they 're terrorists nonetheless . 
  i 've heard donald trump knows a guy ... 
  well that 's a stupid thing to say . 
   had russia collapsed and us never gotten involved , britain would have fallen . 
  i do n't know about germany , but in the uk area 's least effected by immigration voted much more in favour of ukip than area 's with immigrant communities . 
  this goes far beyond ` because the immigrants are voting ' . 
  it 's because if you have regular contact with immigrants , you 're less likely to buy the propoganda in newspapers/magazines . 
  i 'd expect there 's a similar effect in germany , as well . 
  why ca n't eastern europe defend itself ? 
  it crazy . 
  in these arguments it 's always , `` america did n't do enough '' , or `` western europe did n't do enough '' . 
  maybe eastern europe did n't do enough ? 
  why did n't you form into some sort of military alliance - balance of power principle . 
   abandoning half of europe america did n't even need to be in fucking europe . 
  we should be grateful they showed up at all . 
  yeah . 
  people complain that britain did n't continue the war after 1945 , but we could n't even hold on to our empire we were such a spent force . 
  rationing did n't even end till ' 10 years after the war concluded . 
  if it was n't for the marshall plan it would have lasted longer . 
  god bless the americans , that 's all i can say . 
  found the afd supporter . 
  the problem is when germany goes far right , they go far right through belgium . 
  poles in the uk are super xenophobic . 
  probably more so than any other minority i 've worked with . 
  a common sentiment in london is , ` if poland was like this [ as in diverse ] there would be riots on the streets ' . 
  conveniently ignoring the fact that they , themselves , are immigrants . 
  i 'd go as far to say that if he stood as in independent in the 2016 election he would have won . 
  both zac goldsmith and sadiq khan were uninspiring candidates and he would have stood a bloody good chance . 
  i do n't know what the quality of candidates will be in 2020 , so i ca n't say whether he would win . 
  but if it 's anything like 2016 he 'd be a shoe in, 
  i 'm sincerely perplexed that you think izzard would get 3 % . 
  just really bizarre and i can only presume that a ) you 're not from london and have very little perspective on london politics or b ) you spend most of your time in reddit echo-chambers . 
  i mean , it does n't matter . 
  we 'll see in 2020 anyway . 
  for use as a straw poll . 
  if you spend all your time in right-wing web forums , you start to lose perspective . 
  eddie izzard is very popular here in london , and i 'm surprised you 're so certain otherwise . 
  i suppose an echo-chamber will to that to ya . 
  winston churchill was ostracised during most of the 30 's for his hawkish stance on germany . 
  ***** [ time-out london poll  ( http://www.timeout.com/london/comedy/would-you-vote-eddie-izzard-as-mayor-of-london-the-results ) would you vote eddie izzard as mayor of london ? 
  88.29 % yes , 11.71 % no . 
  [ independent poll  ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/iv-drip/poll-would-you-vote-eddie-izzard-for-mayor-8615469.html ) would you vote eddie izzard for mayor ? 
  81 % yes , 19 % no . 
  ***** there 's a lot of support out there - he would win by a landslide imo .
