  but what 's 7 years ? 
  it 's nothing . 
  the core problem is a development gap between western european countries and eastern european countries . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think the ex-soviet countries should have joined the eu . 
  but i think more provisions should have been put into place to soften the transition . 
  and it 's not just about economics , it 's social issues as well . 
  during the migrant crisis there was a clear divide between western european countries and eastern ones - and it meant that no coherent solution could be put in place to solve the issue . 
  brexit is nothing . 
  europe will get over it and prosper . 
  but if it ca n't solve the social and economic issues that divide its member states than its days are numbered . 
  if op had said that i would have agreed with him , but instead he said people who believe the government are :  some of the dumbest ignorant fucks that have ever lived . 
  maybe i 'm old fashioned but i do n't think that 's very helpful language when it comes to political discussion . 
  people complain about the declining quality of this sub , and this is what 's causing it . 
  politeness and basic decency cost nothing , but so many people on this sub simply ca n't manage it . 
  i think this article is a bit harsh in penalising britain for not implementing the 7-year immigration controls . 
  the issue is with admitting members who were n't fully economically developed , leading to a brain drain in the home country and an immigration surge in the host countries . 
  furthermore i do n't see why we have to restrict non-eu immigration to compensate for eu immigration . 
  it would be tragic to sever our ties with commonwealth countries because we ca n't accurately predict eu immigration . 
  come off it mate . 
  that 's not very helpful rhetoric . 
  i would never call citizens of other european states ` dumb ignorant fucks ' , i do n't why it 's acceptable on / r/europe . 
  * nice *, 
  why do we have to be texas ? 
  that 's not fair . 
  what has blair done which is illegal ? 
  brecked . 
  yeah , 1 in 4 britons have atleast one irish grandparent . 
  the map is about * foreign born * , and that 's what i 'm arguing about . 
  do n't try to change the subject because you ca n't admit you 're wrong . 
  foreign born is n't the same as ` descent ' . 
  the most english people i know have indian parents/grandparents . 
  also the number of poles in the uk is greatly understated . 
  i 'll find a source later but it 's something to do with poles who still have their address listed in poland are n't counted , even if they 've been living in the uk for years . 
  from the article :  the number of indians have grown by half since 2004 with 7.6 lakh of them living in uk now . 
  india is followed by those of polish origin ( 8.88 lakhs ) . 
  those numbers dont add up . 
  this is outdated . 
  it 's poland for the uk now . 
  e / here 's the source from the uk government :  in 2015 , poland was the most common non-uk country of birth . 
  between 2004 and 2014 , india had been the most common . 
  an estimated 831,000 residents of the uk were born in poland ( 9.7 % of the total number of non-uk born residents in the uk in 2015 ) . 
  this is more than 8 times higher than in 2004 , when 94,000 residents of the uk were born in poland . 
  there has been a statistically significant increase of 737,000 residents in the uk who were born in poland between 2004 and 2015 . https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/bulletins/ukpopulationbycountryofbirthandnationality/august2016#poland-is-the-most-common-non-uk-country-of-birth-and-polish-is-the-most-common-non-british-nationality, 
  wtf is switzerland doing, 
  the soviet union brought itself down . 
  if the eu ever collapses , it 'll be in the same way . 
  germs are everywhere . 
  i do n't wash my hands every time i open a door or shake hands with someone . 
  muslims . 
  why do you need to soap your hands after going for a piss ? 
  just rinse them with cold water and dry them on your jeans . 
  ideally you should piss all over your hands . 
  kill two birds with one stone . 
  if i 'm in a pub in germany , and i say ` hitler spoke for all the german people !, 
  ' , do you think i would get a funny look ? 
  you 'd probably get arrested if you said hitler represented the views of all germans in your own country . 
  just an observation . 
  i was taught in my history class that a significant number of germans , almost certainly a majority , did n't support hitler . 
  under your logic , hitler spoke for everyone . 
  britain is n't defined by a floppy haired foreign minister , nor is germany defined by your chancellor . 
  everyone 's an individual with their own views , please do n't resign us to the same position . 
  yeah , i totally agree . 
  was just making an observation . 
  i do n't think any of em ' would make it to the final of a modern beauty contest . 
  i voted remain ... but when i hear european talk about us it 's like ` i 'm glad we left ' . 
  i hope the european union prospers , but i 'm ready for us not be a part of it . 
  e / [ reading the responses to my comment ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b5bsvqh.png ), 
  did you know that the word ` henge ' is derived from the prehistoric monument stonehenge . 
  but despite this , stonehenge is n't actually a henge . 
  are you going to lose your shit everytime someone mentions the word stonehenge now ? 
  nothing in the english language makes sense . 
  the fact that ` anti-semitism ' is your call-to-arms makes me think you have ulterior motives . 
  yeah , so why are you giving me shit for using the word anti-semitism when you use it yourself ? 
  everyone knows what it means , get off your high horse . 
  why did you just use it 10 minutes ago then ? 
  basically mp 's are told how to vote . 
  a one-line whip is like ` it 's not a big deal ' , a two line whip is ` vote for this , it 's pretty important ' , a three-line whip is ` vote for this or you 're getting kicked out of the party ' . 
  yeah , i do n't get this . 
  anti-semitism is high in the muslim community , and a muslim mayor speaking out against it is actually a pretty big deal . 
  / r/europe is just salty as fuck sometimes . 
  living up to your username . 
  with friends like these ... 
  corbyn has said he 'll impose a three-line whip to get his mp 's to vote for triggering a50 . 
  he 's secretly in favour of brexit . 
  not until the poll numbers change . 
  why do you hope so ? 
  it 's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophesy . 
  de gaulle 's constant attempts to keep britain out of the eec ensured we joined it a lot later than we might have . 
  if britain had joined the eec sooner we might not be in the situation we 're in . 
  while scotland laughs from their mountains . 
  wow you guys are salty . 
  [ jimmy carr on united ireland . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkwzm8tdea0 ), 
  not according to the polls . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  / r/europe is a hotbed of the alt-right , and has been for a couple of years . 
  is it really ? 
   the muslims living in france right now are not exactly trying their best to integrate . 
  i do n't know how you can make such a claim . 
  there are 5 million muslim 's in france , how can you say none of them are trying to integrate ?
