  for me , a latvian who has never been in the uk , us , new zealand , straya or any other anglophone country , i consider english to be my second mother language . 
  just let me into your mix , baby girl . 
  the uk is yurop . 
  english is also like my mother tongue however not everybody is from the internet and as fluent as us in english . 
  and while people like us would have no problems whatsoever with english and with going there , the reverse is not the case . 
   and btw , the major flaw of communism , is that it never existed . 
  [ it never existed ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9f3me0k.jpg ) . 
   the embargo basically killed cuba 's economy over night they 're happy on their own restricting trade with the rest of the world . 
  the embargo on its own accounts for hardly anything . 
  the usa does n't embargo venezuela , venezuela has the largest confirmed oil reserves in the world , they could very well be wealthier than norway or qatar . . and yet they 're as poor as miserable as cuba and live under poverty and an oppressive regime . 
  but let me guess , the socialists have found some other escape goat for venezuela 's complete failure of socialism . 
   maybe when you are n't being blockaded ... blockaded by a single country . 
  in 2013 the uk exported to the usa 39.967 m # and imported 32.067 m # , that represent not even 10 % of all uk trade ( [ data ] ( https://www.uktradeinfo.com/statistics/pages/annual-tables.aspx ) ) . 
  given that the weight of uk trade in its gdp is 46.7 % , that means that your trade with the usa is roughly 4 % of gdp . 
  and you are meant to have a special relationship with the usa , their weight on your economy is highly above the average than it is for say other european countries or latin america countries . 
  4 % of gdp , you could live without that and be fine and dandy , but when it comes to cuba , `` oh noes , they 're only poor because of evul usa and trade embargo '' ( when cuba on its own highly restricts foreign trade ) . 
   socialism does wonders [ oh , the wonder of all the cubans still living under an oppressive dictatorship and in abject poverty . 
   this really sounds like a dream come true . 
  [ human rights in cuba are currently very poor . 
  human rights in cuba are under the scrutiny of human rights watch , who accuse the cuban government of systematic human rights abuses , including arbitrary imprisonment , unfair trials , and extrajudicial execution . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_cuba ), 
   that 's your opinion ... there never were communist states , only socialist opressive dictatorships . 
   you 're right that pure communism is horrible , but you should mention pure capitalism is much worse . 
  difference between [ pure communism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_killings_under_communist_regimes ) and [ pure capitalism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?search=mass+killings+under+capitalist+regimes ) . 
   i think ultimately to improve wealth disparity is to make things less centrally owned . 
  you mean less government planning ? 
   there could be snakes in schools and spontaneous classroom fires . 
   which only means that university degree now is worth next to nothing and the educated youth is the first to leave the country . 
  but hey , at least they 're not unemployed after 18 , but after 21 or 25 . 
  kurde , do n't be so pessimistic , it could be much worse . 
   nah , lets not destroy the african agriculture further by dumping free food to compete with their locally grown stuff . 
  we might as well block out the sun in africa which is dumping light on them so they can develop a proper candlestick industry . 
   well expecting the best is kind of pointless sorry , i meant to say `` hope for the best '' , as the saying goes . 
   you ca n't just have a one page document saying that goods can pass back and forth without some kind of harmonization of laws or regulations between countries with a history of different legal precedent . 
  disputes between companies of two different countries need to be settled somehow . 
  disputes between companies is a legal problem regarding international law , that 's not what ftas handle with . 
   heck , you could have long negotiations over what actually constitutes a cheese ( because one country 's version of it might be different from another 's ) . 
  and ? 
  whatever is or is not legally a cheese , let it be traded freely , consumers will decide . 
   chemicals used in one country for food are banned in another . 
  we do n't need government agencies saying that x bananas are too short to be considered bananas or banning kinder chocolate eggs because of potential safety hazards . 
  which , by the way , are all laws passed forward by the lobbies which deal in that market , they are but excuses for reducing competition from foreign markets , 21st century protectionism . 
   all of this takes up a lot of legal language , hence why they are hundreds of pages or longer . 
  this is where the bulk of negotiation happens . 
  if it was truly about that , it would be implemented internally following the principle of non-discrimination . 
  but alas , it does not , it 's ultimate goal is that of protectionism , private interests exercising undue influence on government and the public at large paying for it . 
   yes , the decreasing demand will drive prices down , which means our farmers will make less money and need more subsidies to say profitable . 
  which is exactly what russia is aiming for with these sanctions . 
  well , we would do better without those subsidies in the first place . 
  russia 's goal is to rely less on european imports and creating friction within the eu , we all know how the agricultural lobby exercises its influence on brussels . 
   putin is n't that stupid . 
  we shall hope so . 
  expect for the best , prepare for the worst . 
   if i was a conspiracy theorist i 'd say it 's being done on purpose to weaken population of russia - to prevent or postpone possible revolution . 
  starving people wo n't revolt . 
  i do n't think it will ever get to that , russia wo n't starve by banning agricultural imports from the eu . 
  it will harm your purchasing power and our farmers but i seriously doubt it will come to starvation in russia . 
   how exactly is that relevant ? 
  if we subsidise food and they import it , they are buying cheaper food paid for with our tax revenue . 
  if they stop importing , they 'll pay higher prices for their food and we and the rest of our trade partners will pay lower prices . 
   protectionism is 21st century protectionism ; free trade is the opposite . 
  it may have rules but at its core a fta is anti-protectionist . 
  you do n't get free trade in thousands and thousands of pages filled with rules and regulations . 
  there 's more to trade restrictions than mere tariffs and quotas . 
   the rules exist to maintain certain protections in order to elongate the vast majority . 
  sorry , nope , ftas are written and lobbied for by corporate interests in a sneaky way of reducing their competition while seemingly supporting free trade . 
  you do n't require ftas for free trade , treaties and rules and regulations are but a hindrance in the freedom of choice of consumers . 
   why free trade agreements have so many conditions ? 
  because ftas are 21st century protectionism . 
  the eu ( and the us as well ) heavily subsidises agriculture , russia is hurting itself more than it 's hurting us . 
   and this is why we should not support turkey 's integration in the eu . 
  40 years ago , spain was a dictatorship . 
  if we 're going to refuse a country 's accession into the eu , it should be because of their current policies , not because of the policies they pursued decades ago . 
   is it fair to say that rt.com is like the fox news of russia ? 
  that is incredibly unfair for fox news . 
   if labour costs remain the same then it would work . 
  labour costs are mostly the wages themselves . 
  a minimum wage to be effective must be higher than the normal marketplace wage . 
   the only scenario i can imagine this happening is with massive top down funding between countries i still do n't see it working . 
  a labour market is between workers and employers , not between workers and countries . 
   big business wants the regulatory bodies charged with overseeing them salami-sliced until they are no longer effective . 
  more often than not it 's big companies the ones lobbying for more regulation so they can push smaller companies out of the marketplace . 
   when labor is too cheap automation does n't make financial sense for individual companies . 
  when labour is too cheap , companies hire more workers . 
  when companies hire more workers , unemployment comes down . 
  when unemployment is low enough , companies need to compete for labour and wages go up . 
  when wages increase , companies try to cut costs by automation and with new machinery . 
  with the new equipment , production increases and living standards improve . 
  with the new increase in unemployment , wages go down and we go back to step one . 
  this is how countries develop , first comes the economic progress and then comes all the rest , it 's not the other way around . 
   now that would be a nice scenario for the poorer countries no , it would not . 
  you really think you can propel people into prosperity by just making a law saying that everybody will earn at least 1000 $ or 2000 $ or 5000 $ ? 
  that 's not how economic progress occurs . 
  at least i 've never seen any poor country getting rich because they 've created or drastically raised the minimum wage . 
   much higher minimum wage in poland would be nice , something like $ 800 . 
  it would make the economy much more innovative . 
  i 'd argue for a 2500 $ minimum wage , that would surely make you all extremely wealthy and innovative . 
  or not , given that this is not how price floors work . 
  [ what stannis haters do n't understand ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qwtlrly.gif ), 
   it will not happen .
