  that 's why i think representative democracy strikes the right balance . 
  the right balance of authoritarianism ? 
  i 'm quite sure any degree of that kinda screws up the whole free society thing . 
  either the people are sovereign or they 're not . 
   i agree that politicians can ignore the advice given by the experts , but they tend to make less emotion-based decisions ( i.e. 
  more rational ones ) . 
   i do n't want to be offensive , but your posts do show that you live in a country with comparably weak civil society and corrupt establishment . 
  that is what 's broken . 
  this is what needs fixing . 
  it 's all about incentives . 
  portugal has much more corruption than switzerland ever had because in portugal there was ever more power in the hands of politicians and less in the hands of the population . 
  it 's like this now with our social democracy , it was like this when we were a authoritarian corporatist state and it was like this when we were an autocratic feudal society . 
  may i remind you that the same thing happened in germany , be it with the ddr , the weimar republic , the german empire or the feudal states in the hre . 
  it 's not about the smoke and mirrors explanation of `` civil society '' . 
  that 's what i admire about switzerland , they 've always had a more direct approach to democracy and they 're ( one of ) the least corrupt countries and ( one of ) the best countries to live in , and in there the power of politicians was always kept in check by their direct democracy . 
  representative democracy should mean that the politicians are there to represent the population , not to substitute them , and it seems to me you want them to do just that . 
  true liberty also means the freedom to do bad choices , and while i also disagree with the outcome of this swiss vote , we have to accept it , if it does n't work out for them , i 'm sure they 'll fix it - which is more than what our politicians would ever do , to fix our problems . 
   if you know a politician does n't know what he 's voting on , you should n't re-elect him . 
  sounds fairly easy . 
  that 's about all of them . 
  have you ever even bothered to watch the assembly channel ? 
  i 'm not even going to talk about the portuguese one where the vast majority of the deputies do n't even bother to show up and they keep getting re-elected , we could both discuss [ what 's going on on the european parliament ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9bc7blfjfy ) . 
  yeah , good luck voting those guys out of office . 
  geez , it 's like you do n't even bother to check what you 're defending . 
   i 'm politically active in the pirate party and i can tell you that most germans do find gema annoying but not enough . 
  there is not enough public interest to push politicians . 
  i also do n't see what this is supposed to prove . 
  it 's supposed to prove that while the vast majority of people are against such a measure , it 's still shoved down everyone 's throats because it 's not that big of a nuisance . 
  just another instance of politicians fucking up the people in favour of their own interests , in this case being lobbied by the copyrights groups . 
  that kind of shit would never fly in switzerland , there voters and not politicians hold sovereignty . 
   nowhere did i say that . 
  i simply pointed out that running a government is no less challenging than other tasks in our modern society and requires full time attention . 
  if you 're looking for politicians to pay full time attention to running a society , then you 're definitely looking in the wrong place . 
   i unconditionally support constitutional representative democracy . 
  i see no hypocrisy in that . 
  what you support is not representative democracy as you clearly disapprove of the will of the people and think they ca n't choose what 's best for them . 
  representatives are meant to represent and not supposed to substitute the electors . 
   tocqueville discusses the difficulty of balancing the interests of the individual and those of the majority in his book democracy in america . 
  i can only recommend it . 
  some [ morgan freeman ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m3keziu.jpg ) for you . 
   well , no . 
  that only works if civil society sleeps . 
  i 'm guessing the german society is sleeping then with regards to gema and all the other bullshit programs . 
  and i 'm guessing all europeans are sleeping when it comes to cap and all the other bullshit programs . 
  now that i think of it , all the western hemisphere must be sleeping . 
  i 'm guessing we should make sandman the leader of the free world since all of our societies are always sleeping . 
   you have . 
  vote for a party that wo n't spend money on that or found a party yourself . 
  or instead of having to deal with those artificial barriers , hold a referendum and let the actual people and not the representatives of the people decide . 
   do n't force others to invest so much time into the operations of government just because you have missed the last few millennia of democratic development . 
  nobody forces you to vote and nobody is arguing for abolishing representative democracy . 
  the only thing that 's required is to make sure the voters and not the `` representatives '' have the final say . 
  like in switzerland where politicians can focus on managing the country but the population can always step in when they step out of line and choose for themselves and not unlike pretty much every other country where the people are for the most part defenceless and have to just take it . 
  like gema in germany or prohibitive taxes and regulations in portugal or wasteful spending on the eu or like pretty much everything on every representative democracy ever . 
   because division of labour is even used within a parliament . 
  the different factions have themselves expert mps in the respective committees that report on different issues and give recommendations to their colleagues . 
  no single mp can deal with every aspect of our countries . 
  and politicians have this great record in knowing exactly what they vote on !, 
  it 's not like they often not even read the laws they pass !, 
   questionable , and even if , they are not subject to public scrutiny or re-election . 
  and yet in the real world the majority of people are very disillusioned with their politics and power only alternates between two major parties . 
  accountability by politicians is a joke . 
  since you 're a german , please do tell me what your `` accountable '' politicians are doing regarding gema . 
   this is what 's called the slippery slope fallacy . 
  i argue for representative democracy , you somehow end up at abolishing democracy altogether . 
  it does n't follow and i do n't advocate it . 
  for someone who basically said `` we ca n't trust people with referendums because voters are ignorant , power must be on the hands of politicians because bureaucrats are enlightened '' , yep , you do are arguing against democracy . 
  you 're either for democracy or against democracy , there 's no middle-ground of only supporting democracy when it suits you , that 's what 's called being an hypocrite . 
   referenda do n't take everyone 's opinion into account . 
  in fact , they only take into account the winning side 's opinion . 
  same thing with politicians . 
   representatives , on the other hand , are under public scrutiny and have to justify their decisions to a lot of people . 
  what a joke . 
  representatives only care about themselves and if they keep quiet they can go their whole career fucking up constantly behind the scenes and making things harder for everybody else . 
  when it is a choice that affects the lives of all the people , then all the people must have a voice . 
  i do n't care how much the guy selling me a car knows about cars , if i 'm the one buying it i should have the choice . 
  same thing with politicians , i do n't give two shits what excuse they make up for spending money on x or y , if i as a taxpayer do n't want them to waste my money , i should have that choice !, 
   it 's still the job of the representatives to analyse policies and discuss them . 
  it 's the job of the representatives to analyse and vote well but then again , it 's in the best interest of the people to also analyse and vote well . 
  when politicians vote without knowledge of the matter . . well , that happens all the time . 
  when people vote without knowledge of the matter , they 're only screwing over themselves . . though they still have the chance to vote again to amend the mistake they made . 
   they may be idiots , but they still vote with more knowledge of the issue than the common man does . 
  yeah , i really doubt that , the common man may be an idiot , but you 're giving way too much credit to politicians if you think they 're any clever . 
  they 're only smarter when it comes to live at the expense of the people they 're meant to represent . 
   which is much more likely than normal people being experts in foreign/immigration policies and their economic outcomes . 
  are you arguing for representative democracy or technocracy ? 
  because politicians , much like normal people , can ignore the advice given by the experts before voting . 
   no , that 's why they have expert hearings . 
  but they can devote all of their time on listening to experts . 
  and why the mostly vote on laws they themselves can be bothered to read ? 
   regular folks have other things to do . 
  regular folks on referendums only vote if they know what they 're voting on . 
  there 's always public debate previous to the referendum and experts also make their opinions heard . 
   not sure why the fundamental principle of division of labour should n't be applicable to running a country . 
  according to that logic , it would be best if a bureaucracy chose everything for us , it would be more efficient to have a small more specialised groups making all the choices and we common folk going on with our lives trusting that our politicians care about us and will chose for us better than we 'd choose for ourselves . 
  before you know it , we 'd throw democracy out of the window and live in an enlightened despotism with a ( supposedly ) well-intentioned autocrat deciding things for us . 
  decisions that affect everybody must take into account the opinion of everybody , it would never be legitimate to support democracy when it suits us and trump over it when it does n't . 
  and politicians are people just like you or me and just like you or me they put their own interests above the interests of everybody else and so regardless of their intentions , it 's a recipe for corruption and exploitation when they have the power to choose against the electorate . 
   e.g. 
  you can argue about the legitimacy of a choice made by 25 % of the population that effects 100 % of the population ( 50,3 % voted for it and 56 % went to the ballot ) .
