  age of 2/3 of people who vote for communist party of ukraine is higher than 50 years , almost half is older than 60 years . 
  what about younger communists ? 
   also , there is a huge difference between communism and parties like communist party of ukraine or communist party of russian federation . 
  there is , and we should at all times prevent criminal organisations from operating , though banning a political party imo is not the right way to deal with the situation . 
   yes , i was just pre-preemptively countering the inevitable reply `` but it was a famine blahblahblahblah '' speaking of [ famines ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_famines ) , in the last century , oddly enough ( / s ) they only seemed to happen in war-torn and communist countries . 
  i 'm guessing it 's because of the evil capitalists that only in communist countries the people usually end up with rationed food or starving hurr durr . 
   even giving them the benefit of the doubt and saying `` oh , the deaths related to the holmodor and the great leap forward were accidents '' - all you can say is that ** they 're better at killing people by accident ** than the nazis were at killing intentionally . 
  only a fool would think that the [ death toll of communism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_killings_under_communist_regimes ) was by accident . 
   downvotes from the westerners than didnt have their countries fucked up by communism i do n't think banning the communist parties helps the cause against communism . 
  i 'm guessing they just go underground and radicalise . 
  tbh i think a proper democracy should n't ban any kind of party or political opinion , and extremist violent groups such as the communists or the nazis should instead be legal but subject to scrutiny ( aka mocked ) all the damn time so the morons that still support these ideologies at least rethink their positions . 
   welcome to another / r/europe thread about communism . 
  where once again it 's clear that western europeans should go through their own age of it to learn how terrible of a system and idea it is . 
  we do n't need to taste shit to know it 's bad . 
  just because some deluded kids want communism that should n't mean we must go through the same horrors your fellow countrymen had to go through to learn our lesson . 
  specially when there 's also still communists in former communist countries . 
  it 's sad that the only thing history seems to taught us is that we ca n't learn from history . 
   in capitalism you 're forced to work to avoid homelessness and starvation . 
  [ i need to work to survive !, 
  help , i 'm being oppressed !, 
   afaik those `` revolutionary '' and `` socialist '' names are mostly symbolic but i personally do n't know any real liberal alternative than the hdp . 
  they may be just symbolic but i 'm sorry for being sceptical about a political party that wants to associate itself with such an ideology . 
  if there are no viable liberal alternatives other than hdp , then that is too bad , because i do know plenty of turks and i do care about turkey and it 's unfortunate that turkish politics are the way they currently are . 
   there 's nothing wrong with leftists . 
  said the leftist . 
   you just described the hdp . 
  according to wiki , they are super leftist . 
  turkish are amazing people , you do n't deserve erdogan , you do n't deserve nationalists and you do n't deserve leftists . 
  do n't you have a party similar to the [ swiss liberals ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fdp.the_liberals#positions ) ? 
   which lobbies ? 
  not only corporate lobbies are active in the ep . 
  also environmental lobbies or feminist lobbies . 
  or leftwing think tanks . 
      the european union even gives money to smaller lobbies ( like environmental movements ) to level the playing field . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   camels , desert , all women in burqas , everyone looks like arabs , sharia , no alcohol & c.     ( though the current pm and his gang are working hard toward this image ) turkish people are crazy fun !, 
   ok , thanks . 
  as an aside how do you paste what other commenter said , in that format ? 
  install [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) , it helps you with formatting . 
   the president of argentina is a woman who looks rather white to me . 
    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cristina_fern%c3%a1ndez_de_kirchner [ this explains it better ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ivyvvkz.gif ) . 
   brazil took issue with the us spying on its government officials , i should have pointed that out . 
  then about two weeks later it came to light they were actively monitoring the us embassy there . 
  that 's like the wife who cheated on you accusing you of staring at other girls ' cleavage . 
   i do n't understand . 
  i always thought argentina was majority white . 
  [ a message of the president of argentina ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sjgymljw0k ), 
   do n't , open a start-up instead . 
  or move to portugal and open a start-up there !, 
  ahaha , you 're funny , thinking that a start-up will ever be successful here with the amount of regulation and corruption we have . 
   protestant union !, 
  [ protestantism vs catholicism ] ( http://i5.minus.com/ih8ndzuvatwmx.jpg ) heretic scum . 
   this study suggests that as a result of the euro membership `` finnish publicly traded companies have enjoyed total cost savings in the region of hundreds of millions of euros '' and claims this to be over $ 400 million each year     seems quite helpful . 
  what harm has the euro membership done to finland ? 
  every other igelkotten post is him berating the euro . 
   the euro is disastrous as is rather evident from the numbers in southern europe and have no benefits . 
  the sooner it is gone the better . 
  oddly enough , [ the ones who complain the most about the euro are the ones without it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/syvl8fg.png ) . 
   i never knew that rioters could be job creators !, 
  think of all the jobs for cleaning up that mess !, 
  republicans are gon na love this shit . 
  i think you posted this comment on the wrong subreddit . 
  that 's a murder right there . 
   free trade also comes with regulations . 
  that 's what free trade negotiations are about . 
  the eu-us treaty negotiations will be super complicated because of it . 
  those ` ftas ' are modern day protectionism , you do n't get free trade in a thousand pages filled with rules and regulations . 
   a sovereign country that just bit the hand that feeds it . 
  enjoy . 
  i 'm not entirely sure the eu ` feeds ' switzerland . 
  we are talking about bilateral agreements , switzerland is free to back up on them and the eu to react accordingly as it was already defined . 
   correct , it is not a failure because of free trade . 
    but having free trade in an inefficient system is not always a benefit to both parties , even if free trade is not to blame . 
  what would be the best way to deal with it , then ? 
  protectionism ? 
  that assumes not only that lawmakers not only can at all times access what is the country 's comparative advantages but also that they will always act on what 's in the self-interest of the country and not on their own self-interest and on the self-interest of the firms already in place under protection that will lobby them for special favours . 
  from an economic point of view , there 's no advantage in choosing free trade over protectionism . 
  from a political point of view , there 's only disadvantages in choosing protectionism over free trade . 
   regulations is n't a dirty word . 
      regulations that ensure high product standards are often good for both the consumer and the producer , for example . 
  on theory , yes . 
  on practice , it 's used by big corporations to drive out smaller competitors out of the market and to ensure more monopoly power . 
  new companies often ca n't afford to spend much on their legal departments and have more trouble navigating through all the required bureaucracy and complying with all the regulations , which on most cases are pushed forward not by consumer protection groups but by the already existing companies . 
  so while regulations is n't a dirty word , i personally would favour a very competitive market over a well regulated market any day . 
  i just do n't trust the politicians and the corporate lawyers that write those regulations . 
   in this case , however , regulations at the european level is no different from regulations at the national level . 
  it 's only an order of scale higher . 
  that is right , though personally i 'm sceptical about all regulations . 
  from brussels or from lisbon , while they always preach them to have the best intentions in mind , it 's always about politicians and lobbyists getting what they want and hardly about consumers or voters . 
   in the usual example of nuts and bolts , it 's great if both countries decide to specialize on what they 're best at , but this almost never happens . 
  if they do n't then it 's inefficient but then there would be an incentive to maximise output by producing what the country has a comparative advantage on . 
  if say norway was trying to specialise on growing coffee and burkina faso was trying to specialise on pharmaceuticals , that would n't make much sense but both countries would benefit if they were to specialise on what they 're best at and this is in no way a failure of free trade . 
   sure , free trade is great , but why do n't people understand that a single market is even better ? 
  a single market can come with restrictions such as regulations . 
   that is 100 % incorrect . 
      edit : since people do n't get it , it 's not always good for both sides . 
  free trade can hurt your internal market a lot . 
  have you ever heard of comparative advantage ? 
  that 's about tvtropes , cracked has nothing on it !, 
   i like the idea of technocracy but it is n't democratic enough .
