  all successful currencies have political , social and financial integration . 
  except for all the cases in history ( even in sweden ) when that did n't happen and the currency worked fine . 
  did you just purposely ignore when the monetary system was tied to silver or gold and how it worked without any major problem till 1929 ( when central banks such as the american and the french one started stacking up gold without issuing currency leading to severe deflation ) ? 
   the euro does n't . 
  that is why it is a shorty currency and why the unemployment is going through the roof and why people are suffering . 
  except for in the places where it is n't and except for the places with their own currency that are in the gutter . 
   are you saying one can have a good ( not perfect , since that do not exist in the normal world ) currency with only monetary integration , with such diverse economies as in the ez ? 
  the economy of stockholm is nothing like the economy of kiruna and yet these have been using the same currency since the kingdom of sweden has owned both places without any problem . 
  same thing with for example the usd in the state of new york or in puerto rico . 
  same thing with the international gold standard in the late xix and early xx century . 
  so yeah , money is neutral and does n't affect real variables . 
   germany who controls the ecb doesnt want to because they have inflation phobia so they do n't want qe , their doing fine because they 've been exporting to asia what you say is nonsensical , in fact the strongest argument i keep hearing for leaving the euro is that it would allow us to print our debt away ( even though that debt is in euros ) and that it would help our exports as the devaluation would make our exports more competitive . 
  if you say that germany has been following a tight monetary policy and yet has been exporting a lot then surely something is not right . 
  not to mention that the ecb is extremely close to zero lower bound interest rate , so i wonder how anyone could classify almost free money for the financial institutions as tight monetary policy . 
   i think some people might take issue with the characterisation that it was `` empty '' =p i 'm sure the reclaimed land would be devoid of infrastructure just like plenty of african savannahs , deserts and jungles the europeans claimed but never bothered that much with developing . 
   obviously the uk and holland would get a sizable chunk , but then denmark , norway and germany would want some , it would probably cause another war . 
  war for an empty place of land ? 
  at the time you had africa for that . 
  yup , no signs , no landmarks , no anything , it 's the countryside . 
   you won the challenge with 14130 points against 10000 . 
  [ my results , do n't click on them if you still have n't tried as it spoils the challenge ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uc5ktpw.png ) . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulatory_capture ) [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buvutqtmd5c ) ( there 's plenty more examples there like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu_4vanp04i ) or [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ds0xxfdyfi ) ) . 
   universal monarchy , or fear of . 
  british foreign policy aimed at siding with the weak against the strong in order to prevent a genuine naval threat emerging . 
  it 's worked for 600 years at least . 
  i was being moderately glib , implying we should revert to it . 
  feudalism and colonialism also worked for some 600 years , yet i do n't think many people would want to try that in this day and age . 
  besides , what the heck would the uk achieve in dividing europe ? 
  a weaker position when dealing with countries such as the usa , russia or china ? 
   the franco-german axis is in the hypocritical position of protectionism at home and wanting the 3rd world to lower barriers to them without it being reciprocated , and a captive market in those without strong manufacturing and dependent on imports for their often sub-par goods . 
  sounds to me that the uk and many other countries are trying that just as hard . 
   protectionism is not , as we learnt in the 18th century , a sustainable trade policy . 
  you 're absolutely right yet that does n't stop politicians ( from the uk , from the eu or from elsewhere ) from bending over to lobbies and special interest groups . 
   german fears of inflation lead to austerity being forced without the quantitative easing that came with it here , out of fear for inflation . 
  quantitative easing is the maximum expression of trickle down economics , it 's issuing currency and handing it over to the financial system , that 's one of the things the ecb is doing well when compared to other central banks . 
   there 's a reason that britain is doing better than the continent right now . 
  yeah , i 'm going to need a source for that , the uk is better than the rest of europe in many aspects but certainly not in monetary policy . 
   the germans wrecked the economies of southern europe in order to prevent price increases as a southern european , no , we wrecked our own economies with our regulation , our public spending and our taxation . 
  it would be nice to be able to scapegoat germany but it 's not their fault that we 're in the mess we 're in . 
   we 've had higher inflation but that 's the price you pay to avoid mass unemployment sometimes . 
  there are plenty of eu countries with an unemployment rate below yours of 7.5 % such as austria , germany , luxembourg , malta and the netherlands . 
  not to mention countries such as finland , estonia and belgium which all have unemployment rates below double digits . 
  so yeah , some eu countries do have massive unemployment but it 's certainly not because of the euro , just like it 's not because of the pound that the uk has a lower than average unemployment rate when compared to the rest of the eu . 
  call me sceptical but i 'll need source to believe in this . 
   and before you can say `` universal monarchy , we were right to divide them '' , everyone 's kow-towing to the needs of protectionism and austerity without the accompanying qe . 
  what ? 
   i believe in strong regulatory oversight . 
  you believe in regulatory capture ? 
   so the main reason you ca n't just save up money and buy a house , is that prices are inflated because of deregulated financial products that allow people to buy things they ca n't afford . 
  so prices are too high because people are allowed to buy them with credit ? 
  what the heck ? 
   well i want a kaiser back ( of course only representative ) , just for the bling ... there is no bling with german politicians ( hides behind a wall ) [ wilhelm ii and his bling ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ohitzvs.gif ), 
   `` backwards '' is a judgemental way of putting it , but `` more conservative '' is certainly the case - with respect to the acceptance of abortion or homosexuality or children out of wedlock i wholeheartedly disagree , in europe that 's just not the case . 
  everybody always says that portugal is a very catholic country and yet we legalised abortion through referendum , gay marriage is also legal and we have decriminalised the consumption of all drugs . 
   i 'd have guessed that italy being catholic would also be prosecuting but i certainly was not expecting this . 
  are you implying that predominantly catholic countries are more backwards than predominantly protestant ones ? 
   some old dudes that are good friends do the double kiss greeting . 
  not here , they do n't . 
  20 years ? 
  you 're optimistic . 
  i can see from your username  they were just happy drunk , i can not judge . 
   the most pressing issue of our time is a little disjointed . 
  i see what you did there . 
  in a bar in krak\u00f3w some drunk spaniards were laughing at everything and one goes to me and says `` es el t\u00edo m\u00e1s feo que alguna vez vi '' ( you 're the ugliest guy i 've ever seen ) and goes to highfive me all happy . 
  me being portuguese but having worked with madrid for half and year , understood him fully . 
  instead of highfiving him back , i reply `` joder , tu madre gusta de mi '' ( fuck , your mom likes me ) and the rest of the group breaks up in laughter while he just facepalms really hard at his failed attempt of embarrassing me . 
  then i join their group and they 're paying me beers and telling me that they 'd been insulting people in spanish the whole night but acting cheerfully and everyone was like hugging and highfiving them back not knowing that they were being insulted . 
  it was a fun experience . 
   as for my question , in ireland , spain and greece certain political parties have come to prominence on an anti-austerity ticket . 
  yet , this does n't seem to be the case for portugal . 
  why has n't portugal seen a rise in anti-austerity political parties in your view ? 
  because the proponents of anti-austerity are all fools and it was the centre-left ( ps ) that got us into this mess in the first place ( the whole time the far-left ( be/cdu ) complained that the centre-left was too austere ) . 
  by the way things are going , we 'll progress with austerity , slowly pay our debts , hopefully avoid sliding back down into deficits and bailouts , stop living at the expense of the rest of the eu and choose a different future for us than the one the greeks chose for them . 
  we 've all done it in gta . 
  my point is retarded ? 
  the guy i replied was going on about `` killing a child '' . 
  an abortion in the early stages is having [ this not turn into a child ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n0kjtmb.jpg ) , not killing a child . 
  if that is murder ( because it prevents human life from happening ) then sex with contraception or masturbating is committing genocide because all that sperm could have turned into a child and it did n't - the `` logic '' is the same . 
  the retarded argument is the one that life begins at conception and that an abortion is killing a child . 
  what if you have an abortion at 3 weeks ? 
  are you killing a baby ? 
  because it has the same level of humanity as the eggs you buy in the supermarket . 
  oh , ok , let 's ban weed and put users in jail then . 
  oh the humanity , that people may actually use marijuana , a drug that does n't cause chemical dependency and that kills less than alcohol or tobacco !, 
  read the article . 
  if you sunbathe like that , what 's with stopping just a random pedestrian of taking a picture of you and uploading it on instagram for example ? 
  why not `` charier '' ? 
  today it 's 9/11 and because of what 's going on in the us , the world will never be the same . 
  i shall never understand how that spanish idea of us came to be . 
  portugal here , we 'll gladly take gibraltar and leave it exactly as it is . 
  the ultimate fuck you to spain . 
  `` you should hammer your iron when it 's glowing hot '' - spam swordsmen in civilization, 
  i bet some would still say yes . 
  they will not bribe you . 
  they will pay someone to make you disappear . 
  that 's not a proper comparison because isis is waging war on the west and supporting isis is an offence basically wherever you go ( a crime committed against the republic of poland would be an offence even if perpetrated abroad - and supporting isis is a crime against poland ) . 
  however going for an legal abortion in a country neighboring poland is a wholly different can of worms . 
  here polish law is sovereign only in poland , it 's not a crime perpetrated against poland . 
  can you imagine if they tried to ban it for all polish people regardless of where they had the abortion ? 
  how about people with double citizenship ?
