  since the state now finally after 3 sessions was safe from imminent annexation , the country could be stabilized , and furthermore we now had the time to both embrace the renaissanse and begin colonizing our backyard . 
  we ended the session with manilla being colonized , having +1 stability and last but not least by having catched up in administrative and military technology . 
  * kutai , like a fledgling empire looks outside it 's borders , and outside it 's borders . 
  a storm is brewing to the north-west . 
  will the peace prevail , [ or has kutaian diplomacy again made for a righteous new coalition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfum5xhuy4m ) ? 
  peace in our time !, 
  kutai brings good news , and wish to inform all that we 've reached a thorough agreement with malacca . 
  diplomacy prevails once again !, 
  ### kutai - the sultan of borneo and it 's dependencies we started the game in a much better position than in the last session , however we were now faced by a greater threat that could spell the end of our nation . 
  i was not uninformed in the choices i made in the last session . 
  i had made my ally malacca so powerfull that he now was 2 provinces away from forming the kingdom of malaya . 
  this would give him permanent claims on all my lands , which was unacceptable without a doubt . 
  the sultan called for a coalition to stop this threat from spiraling out of controll . 
  with the silver tongue of my diplomats , i convinced malaccas allies of the just cause we were fighting , and *** they agreed to abandon the alliances to preserve the balance of power in indonesia . 
  *** close to the end of the session , we began the assault on malacca , our military readiness was far from perfect , but we had no choice ( it was now or he could pick us off one by one as some of us were rivals ) . 
  due to delays and diplomatic incidents the invasion was seen long coming . 
  however , what he might not have expected was the sheer number of carracks that we had massed together . 
  this gave us an early dominance of the seas . 
  on the other hand on land , the resistance was though , and he managed to fend off our first assault on his forts . 
  however , we are slowly making gains all around . 
  which means that in time , he will have no choice but to surrender . 
  due to the embarrasing defeat at our first assault . 
  the sultan has decided that it 's time to mobilize our forces to make sure that our future assaults wo n't go the same way as our first . 
  at the end of the session , the war was still undecided . 
  the coalition will make mediocre demands on malacca , to reinstate the balance of power in the region . 
  if we did n't intervene , we could have risked the possibility that we ca n't contain this threat in the future . 
  [ how i expected the coalition to go down . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0gw0vnr9yc ) [ what actually happened . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqdxp2m79n8 ) new dependencies of kutai : during this session , the sultan annexed the spice islands of ternate and tidore , integrated the nation of makassar , and finally the nation of buton . 
  #kutai , the true king of borneo * ## aar day 1 what are my goals for this campaign ? 
  to preserve the balance of power in indonesia , going the diplomatic route . 
  however , show of force may be used in dire situations . 
  i started off in a pretty bad spot , and was faced with the choice of blitzing brunei before they were coming for me . 
  without allies i blitzed brunei with `` the no cb '' and made peace with his allies in a brute show of force . 
  i secured royal marriages with my player neighbours , to make sure i would n't get coalitioned after annexing brunei . 
  my country was now in heavy debt , and my stability was down the drainer . 
  due to the high risk of revolt , our prestige was used to convert to sunni . 
  at the second session , kutai was in a very weakened position . 
  the economy made it impossible for me to have more than 6k soldiers without taking more loands . 
  i was stagnating and facing further recession when majapahit , my rival to the south threatened my eastern frontier by advancing into makassar ( giving them the option to fabricate claims on us , with a bigger fleet , and 14k troops ) . 
  fortunately for me , majapahit made the mistake of landing all his forces in makassar . 
  with shrewd diplomacy , i united my fleets with malacca to seize control of his island . 
  all of majapahits forces where on makasar , which meant i now could secure makassar , money and war reparations to fund my next session . 
  it was not my intention to damage majapahit more than necesarry , and kutai 's intentions are only to preserve it 's own territorial integrity ( we must seize the means of a safe expansion ! ) . 
  kutai 's future now looks promising , but the no cb 's have come at a cost , our stability is at -3 , and the corruption from devaluating the currency will have it 's cost on our power points . 
  we started the game in with a militaristic approach , but it was deemed necesarry to secure our survival for the next session . 
  our intention will always be diplomacy and colonialism . 
  in the next session we do not intend to conduct war , unless forced . 
  ** here are the two most important events for those who want the visual context of what kutai did : ** the brunei blitz : https://clips.twitch.tv/magniveke/famousruffstrawbeary how we beat majapahit : https://clips.twitch.tv/magniveke/blushinglapwingosfrog * additional islands may apply . 
  there 's only room for 1 nation on this island . 
  sound quite savage to me . 
  england : visualized [ operation ` thunderstruck ' ] ( https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/344793454804729856/344919668609253387/unknown.png ) orchestrated in part by me . 
  together with france , we initiated the great war . 
  we were the first to revolt against the ottoman tyrrany , demolishing their navy at the seas , while chasing the moorish scum out of the christian lands in iberia . 
  once the world got hold of the great war england-france vs morocco-ottomans-georgia-muscovy . 
  the commonwealth rallied their alliance and struck the ottomans in the just cause of saving the persecuted christian minorities in the balkans . 
  matters where made worse when the proud ottoman sultan , who refused to negotiate with the perfidious albion . 
  got hold that the timurids saw this as an elegant oppurtunity to regain it 's cores . 
  after 11 years of constant fighting . 
  the ottoman alliance collapsed . 
  having lost on all three fronts . 
  now remains the question : * what happens next ? 
  * king richard iii ` the second lionheart ' passed away after a period of illness , long live the king !, 
  king william ` the great conqueror ' has ascended to the throne . 
  long may he reign !, 
  it 's quite disturbing . 
  i got news while my country was in chaos at -3 stab , to suffer a stab hit for my ruler to trip on his sword , or accidentally fall and kill my heir instead . 
  i chose the former . 
  henry was a 1-2-2 , richard is a 5-6-2 . 
  we deny any allegations of murder . 
  england in this session we 've made amends with the french , and united our banners to create the western alliance . 
  it came at the expense of burgundy and castille , but sacrifices have to be made to ensure our own survival . 
  once we heard word of the turkish betrayal of their loyal ally timurids , we were quick to rally france and the knights to our cause , where we valiantly fought the saracen scum untill the treacherous bankers at home forced us to pull out . 
  king william iii died of a heart attack soon after the news of the white peace , followed by king henry v taking over the throne . 
  henry v , like henry iv was n't celebrated for his long reign . 
  the nation faced bankruptcy due to william 's lavish spending to root out corruption caused by the 100 years war . 
  after tripping an falling on his own sword , henry died , leaving 3 stab wounds to the chest and the new king richard iii ` the second lionheart ' . 
  henry 's reign had caused chaos , and now richard faces bankruptcy , the saracens , whom for the third time have invaded iberia and the saboteurs are revolting in the north . 
  [ it 's time for richard to make england ready for war . 
  yes , the eu4 multiplayer netcode is much more suited for this . 
  #england : - get called in by portugal to defend vs morocco - do n't get land because castille blackmails portugal . 
  - side with france to prove to castille that blackmailing my allies is unacceptable . 
  - get called a traitor and a backstabber followed by the castillian player tag switching after losing the war . 
  - europe goes bananas that france is huge . 
  - rival france and not cede my mainland provinces to stay strong and not give in to the big blue blob . 
  now france is confused , europe doese n't care , and i 'm confused what people expect me to do . 
   calls me out for conspiring against him pre-game . 
   followed up by him admitting he was planning to do the same . 
  sure , no problem !, 
  b-but my daily karma-trains !, 
   if we ca n't split the playerbase over the entire world , we risk ending up with a vast part of the world being `` free development '' for few players . 
  there are a bunch of arguments for and against , we change our rules between campaigns to test what works or not . 
  we previously had lithuania unbanned , which made it challenging for poland to survive and be a competetive eastern european power vs the hre/ottomans/muscovy . 
  we might revoke this rule later on . 
  but currently it stays this way . 
  i 'm sorry if this comes as an inconvenience to your potential plans . 
  because then we go past your bedtime . 
  after consulting with the lithuanians home and abroad , we simply lacked the potato batteries to let someone steer the magnificent duchy of lithuania . 
  in all seriousness , the faq at the bottom of the rules explains why . 
  [ `` the million crowns toilet '' .
