people in goverments are often relatively rich . 
  relatively rich people tend to have investments . 
  houses are a common form of investment, 
  mostly liberal in the american sense . 
  definitely not for unregulated free markets . 
  did n't they make the teaching of swedish language start earlier in the latest school system change , or did they just plan to do so ? 
  liberal used to mean what now is called libertarian in the us , and in the europe it still means that . 
  `` libertarian '' used to refer to what now are called anarchists , but now it refers to laissez-faire capitalism supporters . 
  acid rain corrodes cars and other things faster , creating more jobs !, 
  you definitely can , it 's just considered highly unethical in most situations . 
  `` no , we are not dragging everyone to the bottom , we just make everyone start from the bottom '' ? 
  even if eliminating this `` unfair '' advantage english speakers get was desirable , what would prevent people from speaking esperanto to their babies ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'd eventually get a country with esperanto as it 's official language , and it would again be `` unfair '' . 
  regardless of the language used , some people are going to learn it better than others . 
  except the symmetrical ones ? 
  i think that 's why they only publicize their plans now , they were still hoping that uk would n't use the article 50 . 
  they did a similar thing before the brexit referendum with some regulation relating to toasters and kettles : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/feb/28/eu-inefficient-toasters-ban-delayed-avoid-pro-brexit-press-attack, 
  and we just were all smug about not having the orwellian crap that the uk has ... 
  turns out , the eu is just as evil as the uk government . 
  edit : maybe not . 
  being selfish would imply that it actually could benefit uk somehow ... 
  desinged in the usa , taxed in ireland maybe ? 
  in finnish , the word `` ankara '' means `` strict '' ( e.g : `` he had very strict teachers '' ), 
  i wonder if uk is really going to go full totalitarian now ? 
  are other countries going to follow them ? 
  on the other hand , we must remember that handguns are effective at killing cancer cells , too . 
  i agree it * should * do nothing to reddit , but sadly eu is powerful to enforce many of it 's internet-related laws worldwide . 
  it is n't actually square , the map protection distorts its actual shape . 
  whataboutism . 
  the existence of other wrongs does n't make something right . 
  trade sanctions ? 
  if europe cared enough , we would do it . 
  not only did netherlands get higher score than we did , but we are some of the worst in western europe ? 
  * why ? 
  yes , lots of doublethink to justify it , but that is what it is . 
  for the benefit of already existing hotels . 
  while protecting people from pollution is a good thing , it seems like it is almost always done in a way that hurts the poor . 
  how is the public transport in barcelona ? 
  is it sufficiently good and not ridiculously expensive ? 
  how would they restrict the access , are the time signals encrypted ? 
  actually the acid rain does n't reach the surface . 
  you saw it reads `` eu wide '' , right ? 
  for giving up passports ? 
  `` you really want to live in a society that dictates other people their identity ? '', 
  many people do , sadly . 
  one finnish politician said it is n't a problem because women can volunteer . 
  we mostly just ignore even trying to justify it . 
  note that in many of those women have a shorter service period . 
  there are n't many big languages related to finnish in any known way ( basically just hungarian and estonian ) , so even a weak relation is notable . 
  yes , just on a bigger scale . 
  the fight over the control of internet is going to be real . 
  some countries just build filters around themselves , while others want to control everyone , everywhere . 
  not if the law is unjust . 
  not if you live in france ... 
  sometimes it feels like they are consumer friendly to the point of hurting consumers by reducing choise . 
  the seed laws reducing the number of food plant varieties by orders of magnitude . 
  unlike what you would think based on the internet , most atheists are fine with us christians , or at most think we are stupid about that one thing . 
  christians , on the other hand , see atheists as immoral . 
  how do we compare to the us ? 
  maybe they can force a better deal with uk , since eu has much stronger negotiating position ? 
  is it expected that china retaliates in some way ? 
  it 's the swedish , norwegians and danish that have an issue with calling finland scandinavian , at least some schools here teach that finland is scandinavian . 
  finland no longer gets the first spot , but still wins . 
  succesors ? 
  yes , but i thought that * legal * successor carries some special meaning . 
  ( excluding revolutions , etc. ), 
  though the whole concept is pretty pointless and ambiguous , it 's possible to make an argument for finland being the legal successor of the roman empire ... 
  no , it 's not . 
  it makes sense to look at the casualty statistics in general , 1000 incidents of murder is just as bad as a single incident of 1000 murders . 
  focusing on the few high-profile , high-casualty incidents is politically easy , but it is n't the logical thing to do . 
  sausage fruit ... 
  in finnish that would be `` makkarahedelm\u00e4 '' and sounds just as stupid . 
  i 'm happy we call it `` banaani '', 
  kind of . 
  it 's `` tietokone '' meaning `` knowledge machine '' . 
  `` kompuutteri '' not used anymore , but i think it used to be used . 
  no , this is how you * derive * words , integrating words is the exact opposite . 
  everyone does . 
  i forgot the the b --  p conversion . 
  hamburg --  hampuri hamburger --  hampurilainen ( both as in the food and as in someone from hamburg . ), 
  true for most food products , but ananas just seems like a real low-hanging fruit , i mean , something like `` pine-fruit '' or just translating `` pineapple '', 
  `` knowledge machine '', 
  some dialects use `` anan\u00e0 '' . 
  no , it 's `` ananas '' in almost every language other than english , at least in europe . 
  do you still call pineapple `` ananas '' or something like that ? 
  turn all c 's into k 's or s 's 2 . duplicate random letters 3 . z = ts 4 . add i to the end 5 . 
  the word is finnished . 
  total populations is more than a little offtopic when talking about ports , i meant that having the biggest passenger port is more important than the biggest cargo port . 
  * 1st place * vs no-place . 
  but you do n't drink it on a ship . 
  stuff < people 2 . 
  1st in the place vs 9th place . 
  booze . 
  is having the busiest passenger port in the world considered to be a win vs the busiest cargo port in the europe ? 
  esperanto would unfairly favour speakers of indo-european languages by resembling them and thus being easier for them to learn . 
  it has little more claim to neutrality than some random national language . 
  `` m\u00f8lleh\u00f8j seen from the tower on ejer bavneh\u00f8j , the highest point is obscured by the farm buildings '' ... 
  the fact that eu is even exploring these possibilities reduces peoples trust in banks , making a bank run more likely . 
  would n't the small size of the country mean that they also have proportionally less resources , so it cancels out with the easier referendums ? 
  or do referendum costs scale in a non-linear fashion ?
