  house prices have been pushed up by banking . 
  the ever cheapening of credit will bring the price of anything up . 
  if people had a thousand pounds to spend on groceries then food bills would go up . 
  of course the fact there is active political pressure to keep house prices up , i.e. 
  keep the market broken , does n't help . 
  think of how the bank bail outs are being done . 
  government saved the banks and is trying to get out of the way as quickly as possible . 
  that would be the correct model for industries the state decides are of strategic importance . 
  however this does n't resolve the fact that industrial relations and class warfare were synonyms in britain . 
  tbh i live a long way from the areas that speak a lot of welsh natively . 
  there are a bunch of welsh speakers where i am but it is becoming like latin . 
  something that right upward people know to separate them from the barbarians . 
  rather than something spoken day to day . 
  i also know the words to the welsh national anthem and roughly what they mean . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i 'm some way between being embarrassed i can only speak english and steadfastly defending my right to not speak any of this foreign ( and obviously french inspired ) stuff . 
  i work on a language runtime . 
  if i had # 70k i would n't be moaning . 
  i have # 35k in the south of england . 
  the monarch is a talking head . 
  elizabeth has been renown as being plain enough that people can paint whatever picture of her they want . 
  wales is practically the only area of britain where republicanism could be considered a mainstream view point . 
  largely for historic reasons . 
  though i think even here monarchism is in the majority now . 
  interestingly the situation here is almost the exact opposite of scotland . 
  whereas many scots do n't want to sacrifice the monarchy in independence , wales does n't want to sacrifice the union for republicanism . 
  yeah there only is n't a boom in it because they ca n't find the people in software development . 
  of course you 'd expect this to be expressed in wage packets which it does n't seem to be . 
  which is why there is a shortage of people in software engineering . 
  i think anyone who has the skills and patience to become a software engineer would be insane to do so unless they actually like writing software . 
  if you want to be paid and have the mental capacity then go be a lawyer or something . 
  they are n't undervalued by society . 
  i only know us states because of eu3 . 
  even then i tend to just colonise in a straight line and not bother too much with names . 
  are we recognised across the pond at all ? 
  we do n't have mel gibson to act as our cheerleader . 
  alcohol and irn bru in perfect balance are neutral . 
  i do n't think there is much speculation . 
  france would beat germany as convincingly as germany beat them in ww2 . 
  they have something the germans do not have . 
  operational experience . 
  it is n't to be underestimated and it is why france , britain and the us are so keen to take part in policing actions . 
  yeah britain has never had the strongest land force on the planet for a reason . 
  we were weaker on land than napoleon , weaker on land than our prussian and russian allies in those wars , we were weaker than france in both world wars and certainly weaker than germany . 
  this is all because our military was shaped for our purposes . 
  of course germany focused on the land . 
  their ratio of coast line to land borders dictated that . 
  wellington did n't think so . 
  he said the greatest was napoleon . 
  in this and any era . 
  britain beat napoleon by brute force and stubbornness . 
  napoleon did n't attack the whole of europe . 
  the whole of europe attacked napoleon . 
  napoleon was already on the way out by the time he attacked russia . 
  it greatly accelerated his defeat but the whole reason he attacked russia was to prove he was still the boss . 
  britain had already caused a nuisance in iberia and was preparing a land campaign through austria . 
  with recent defeats against britain , russia felt it could safely ignore napoleon 's decrees about not trading with the british empire . 
  would n't julius caesar be the founder of the first european union ? 
  aneurin bevan did indeed create the nhs . 
  attlee is more responsible for the general implementation of state services . 
  of course a lot of this misses out william beveridge . 
  wales was under roman rule . 
  how do you think we ended up with our own christian church ? 
  the ninth legion vanished in south east england having been set upon by boudica . 
  at the same time boudica is a celtic ruler . 
  much like king arthur ( whether he is myth or not ) . 
  macedonia was not macedonia when alexander was about . 
  the modern macedonia was attached to the roman province of macedonia when they conquered greece . 
  alexander 's macedonia was entirely within modern greece as i understand it . 
  everyone knows you are from denmark . 
  apart from prussia . 
  iraq was a mistake . 
  the point is the principles are compatible . 
  the language that both nations use is similar . 
  they just have divergent ( but not incompatible ) interests . 
  the whole talk of a european military means that the relationship with the us is going to alter anyway . 
  in truth this process is already under way . 
  we have a commitment , at least in principle , for renewed entente cordiale . 
  that commitment if it is to mean anything means that 2003 ca n't happen like it did again . 
  libya was a un mission . 
  it is n't about them breaking away . 
  it is about stopping wars of aggression like the argentinian invasion of the falklands . 
  i doubt germany wants to be involved in such a conflict . 
  it is n't about benefit . 
  for germany their foreign policy is based upon what they perceive as the ethically correct stance . 
  britain and france are more in line with the principles set up by the lon . 
  policing of local spheres and protection of interests . 
  that whole scenario seems weird . 
  on one hand you have de gaulle ( of all people ) and the government in exile trying to negotiate a british-french union . 
  then you have the fascist wing of the french parliament essentially orchestrating a coup in the middle of an existential war . 
  france and britain have compatible foreign policies . 
  nobody else does . 
  it is also worth pointing out that muskets + bayonets were neither pikes nor rifles . 
  muskets were woefully inaccurate and would n't have punched through the armour of the hussars anyway . 
  otoh the bayonet did n't have the reach of a traditional pike . 
  the problem is the divergent foreign policy aims of the member nations . 
  a military is the tool and focusing overly on it is to blind yourself . 
  with a unified military comes unified foreign policy and that is the sticking point . 
  does the eu fight argentina if they invade the falklands again ? 
  will the eu help france police north africa ( as say britain has in libya and less so in mali ) .
