  i agree which is why i called it a broken state . 
  there has to be huge opportunity in russia . 
  it is a nation that is awash with oil money and has a highly educated population . 
  while unemployment is low its productivity and wages are generally so poor that any decent business will be awash in staff . 
  how is such a nation possibly doing the same as poland per person ? 
  poland has no special oil reserves yet somehow manages to match one of the biggest oil trading nations in the world . 
  i suppose when you factor in oligarchs stealing businesses and endless protection rackets run by state officials you have no real reason to try and be an enterprising person in russia . 
  why bother when you can get a shit job handed to you by government and drink yourself to death ? 
  i do n't think it will disappear . 
  there is just no way forward for it that does n't involve more pain . 
  russia is the only state that no matter how much it reforms it still stays rotten somehow . 
  regardless they need huge changes . 
  reinforcement of the rule of law . 
  anti-corruption law . 
  protection of property rights . 
  all of this stuff hurts the people in charge while it happens and it will hurt the russian people who 'll demand that reform goes backwards . 
   given that it will be an area where there is a major policy difference between the conservatives and labour . 
  people will try to drive it towards it but labour will be able to give terse answers that they are happy with the status quo and do n't think this is the most important issue we face . 
  this is one area where outright ignoring the whole subject would play in their favour . 
  it is always fun doing this on eu4 . 
  especially when you reverse it and suddenly france is ravaging the english country side . 
  take all the english land on the continent , wait for them to revoke their cores with the decision . 
  then invade the english mainland , release as vassal , job done . 
  to be fair the french parliament had more or less been stolen by nazi sympathizers . 
  i doubt petain cared too much about whether the union was a good idea . 
  he just wanted to collaborate and persecute people who disagreed with him . 
   the value of the law , even if passed , would have been largely symbolic , as it could have been repealed if the opposition labour party had won power at next year 's election . 
  i do n't think it is symbolic . 
  it would have a real effect on the election campaign . 
  the whole issue of europe still pisses voters off . 
  both sides want to be the party not talking about this boring subject . 
  right now miliband has a built in advantage that his position is the default one so he can just say `` we do n't care about this eu debate '' and not be seen to be publicly talking about something irritating . 
  passing this bill flips the debate . 
  suddenly miliband is the one who has to push for policy change . 
  cameron is the one who 's policy will happen by default . 
  do n't you understand that a few people actually speak for your whole nation ? 
  so basically it is a convertible plane . 
  i want somebody to make a car which acts as a lifting body . 
  superfluous is a more awesome word than unnecessary so i understand why you used it . 
  no babies now . 
  only vodka and volunteers . 
  tbh putin never really had a real chance to keep ukraine in their sphere . 
  nobody wants to be tied to a broken state . 
  a free ukraine tilts west no matter what . 
  his only hope was to install a lukashenko in ukraine . 
   thought rich russian/indian/chinese were welcomed first in uk rich anything is accepted first in the uk . 
  really if you 've got vast quantities of money nobody cares about anything else . 
  i actually agree . 
  technically iceland are on the hook under various international laws but i 'd hoped some less forceful compromise could have been achieved . 
   on one hand this does seem to suggest the local poor may be doing something wrong . 
  they have children . 
  economic migrants are generally single and child free . 
  a free trade deal would be disastrous for the uk . 
  the bulk of our economic firepower comes from services which needs freedom of movement . 
  when your wealth is in your people then freedom of trade is necessarily freedom of movement . 
  our sensible neighbours to the west . 
  we have bulgarian 's working with us and they are good people . 
  an interesting joke in britain right now is the david cameron government . 
  another great joke is the opposition . 
  kebabs are both horrible and delicious . 
  soliciting on the streets is illegal . 
   iceland never stole anything . 
  icesave was a privately owned bank that went tits up . 
  they were pulling money out of british and dutch banks and shipping it to iceland to cover the savings of icelandic depositors . 
  it was theft . 
  it was theft from pensioners in those nations to pay for the savings of people in iceland . 
  that said i 'm not sure if the right response was made . 
  it would have been much simply if icesave did n't behave in such a scummy way . 
   it 's also not quite the same since prostitution in the uk is illegal unlike germany and others no it is n't . 
  do n't forget we had an actual colony . 
  there are a sizeable number of welsh speakers in argentina . 
  i actually believe there were more welsh speakers in argentina than in wales . 
  that might no longer be the case following the adoption of welsh medium education by the middle classes here . 
  only somebody who has left wales can be this happy . 
  traitor !, 
  we basically had to beg the us to end their export ban on fuel . 
  people will get used to asking for bags . 
  i spend roughly half my time in wales and half in england . 
  i always forget to ask for bags in wales . 
  that is an interesting picture . 
  we are often told this is due to gun crime and that the better parts of the us are ahead . 
  which parts are the better parts ? 
   more on / r/etymologymaps , like : what i 've learned from here is that wales likes to have its own words for lots of things . 
  we should try to understand why this is happening . 
  that seems to be the biggest problem . 
  it is becoming apparent that going for a fight in syria is like a gap year to these people . 
  rather than being driven by deeply held religious beliefs . 
  not our fault some people can not differentiate between criticism of the state and criticism of the people . 
  wales has one but nobody wears it beyond the point they figure out that they can object to what they are wearing . 
  it is an adjustment because we 've used the wrong measures for 12 years . 
  they have effectively worked out that we 've underpaid by a total of this much in those 12 years . 
  a huge part of the dissatisfaction with politics right now is fall out because the british public felt they could n't punish the politicians for iraq . 
  cameron wo n't be elected outright . 
  it 'll be a coalition again if the tories do return to government . 
  that means ukip has to win enough seats that they , rather than the lds , are the obvious avenue for a coalition . 
  tories + ld -  no referendum . 
  tories + ukip -  referendum . 
  as it is the public are swinging against the out vote anyway . 
  polling consistently shows the public have n't budged on their absolute hatred of the whole europe debate . 
  i think that constant coverage is irritating the public .
