  if she does n't scare you no evil thing will . 
  entirely appropriate for school . 
  it is n't islamism that really needs to be taken on . 
  the quasi-conservative busy bodies who 'd bring back blasphemy laws in the hope isis will leave us alone need to be taken on . 
  muslims do n't have a majority anywhere in western europe . 
  idiots who think banning various bits of liberty will make the bombings stop do . 
  what europe needs is renewed confidence in liberalism and basic rights for our own people . 
  to be willing to shout down and undermine the white christian/atheist people who are opposed to these principles . 
  or about sudetenland germans . 
   is the eu germany 's puppet ? 
  no and i think that will become apparent over the coming months . 
  i do n't see how they can legally do this . 
  surely it requires new legislation that will get blocked ? 
  if it comes to this i 'd fully expect the uk to stop paying proportionally the same amount that would be taken away by this approach . 
  russia are not global players . 
  nobody cares about the russian position on africa or south america or the south china sea stand off . 
  russia are what they 've always been . 
  a regional power . 
  clearly he has reached enlightenment . 
  tbh armed forces could be a solution to the problem but it has to be part of a wider strategy and not just people reacting to crises . 
  you ca n't just go in occasionally and drop some bombs . 
  in britain 6.000 would be interpreted as 6 . 
  we use the comma to separate thousands . 
  exactly 6 to 4 significant places ? 
  to be fair syria is already fucked . 
  there is no power base left . 
  well technically there is no israel in bradford . 
  you are just in with ukraine and the turks . 
  yeah you literally can not move in the uk without being flooded by literature , music and film from italy and spain . 
  the problem with the perception of culture in the uk is people think sitting outdoors in the sunshine drinking coffee ( or a solitary glass of wine ) is somehow cultured . 
  rather than just a bloke drinking his preferred form of liquid drug in the sun . 
  first seems to have meat in it . 
  fail to see what the issue is . 
  plains give bonuses to steppe horde cavalry but never seen a reproduction bonus . 
  the couple probably did n't speak swedish . 
  totally oblivious and think they have n't been caught . 
  there 'd be a pre-queue which is first in/first out would feed into the barbarian queue to restore order . 
  tbh there are a lot of cultural muslims in europe . 
  they still ironically hold some of the horrible cultural aspects of the religion but do n't actually believe . 
  in terms of the religion they will one day hit a point where a lot of muslims will give up pretending just as christians have the last 20 years or so . 
  of course the cultural aspects are much harder . 
  that is the scary thing . 
  with the facts on the ground there will be no peace without the near obliteration of one side or the other . 
  well no matter how bad the wahhabis are they are n't marching on vienna . 
  the ottomans were the last of an array of caliphates that scared the living hell out of christian europe . 
  the march on vienna was just the last time it looked like all of europe would fall to the caliph . 
  for all the mess in the middle east today they are n't really a threat to europe . 
  it is a strange time for germany to be asserting itself . 
  all projections show that they will be smaller than the uk and france both economically and in terms of population within a few decades . 
  personally i 'm not opposed to taking in refugees . 
  however the way this has evolved politically is intolerable . 
  it became a constitutional crisis the moment people started talking about threatening other members . 
  it has became a priority to resist the move , regardless of the right or wrong of the intention , simply because the mechanism can not be tolerated . 
   the common agricultural policy is largely subsidies to agribusiness and should be cut down . 
  ignored . 
  that is n't the problem . 
  the problem with cap is it represents a net transfer mechanism from non-agricultural nations to agricultural ones . 
  particularly given how huge a chunk of eu spending it is . 
  nobody really disagrees with agricultural regulation , the alternative historically has always been famine . 
  the conflict is that it creates real winners and losers in the eu . 
  just always be at war . 
  peace treaties break coalitions so just war and war until everyone is screwed beyond belief . 
  the empire ruled skyrim for 600 years . 
  the third era ( when the empire actually was an empire of equals ) lasted 433 years . 
  skyrim happens 200 years into the fourth era . 
  ermahgerd no talos worship will literally destroy the world . 
  honestly people do n't seem to understand the whole background of this conflict . 
  the thalmor are trying to undo creation . 
  the ascension of talos to godhood reinforced creation and is possibly the only thing holding the world together . 
  better individual fighters . 
  the nords are canonically the best soldiers in the world . 
  the nords utterly dominate the imperial legion and for the most part the empire was built by the nords . 
  the imperials are largely cultured hangers on for what is an empire built by another race . 
  the alakir were searching for traitors from the war period . 
  tbh the nords are likely better off without the empire . 
  the nords have historically stood up to much stronger empires than the current aldmeri dominion . 
  the real problem is the current peace amounts to cyrodil selling out the rest of the empire so they could rebuild their standard of living . 
  they more or less betrayed their provinces when they made peace on those terms . 
  particularly as the only reason the thalmor were beaten back is the nords marched in , stomped the hell out of the elves and then wondered what the hell the fuss was all about . 
  the gap between the two ca n't really be resolved . 
  it is left ambiguous intentionally but the truth is the nords were prepared for total war whereas the imperials were looking for any peace that did n't directly screw over cyrodil . 
  the nords at large are n't happy with the empire screwing over skyrim so cyrodil can have a cowards peace . 
  even nord loyalists disagree with the terms peace were made over ( for some reason fans of the game assume the imperial position that the war was hopeless was gospel . 
  not a single nord in the entire game seems to agree ) . 
  anyway the empire is doomed one way or another . 
  both hammerfell and skyrim have shown historic and contemporary strength to resist the elves . 
  cyrodil otoh has both historic and contemporary feats of getting beaten up by them . 
  skyrim belongs to the nords . 
  other than the reach which obviously belongs to the reachmen . 
  tbh even then crossing the channel is much trickier . 
  the seas in north europe are notoriously tricky . 
  the med not so much . 
  libya is n't behind a much bigger sea . 
  crossing the bosphorus is trivial . 
  tbh the whole way germany have approached this issue utterly requires that they are defeated in the eu . 
  you can not have nations allowing situations to become fait accomplis and then demand everyone else take the burden for them . 
  regardless of your opinion on migrants the eu can not work this way . 
  i was thinking of unrelenting forcing these off the mountain . 
  libya was already in civil war when we intervened though . 
  nothing would have stopped that .
