  upon landing on property comrades pay fee to give property to party . 
  upon passing go $ 200 is split between all players . 
  each player will pay $ 200 fee to party . 
  a good number of the members are in there for strategic reasons . 
  iceland for ports . 
  greece and turkey primarily for the bosphorus . 
  yeah adjusting fake gdp is painful . 
  catastrophe for russia maybe . 
  yeah but if they did i 'd rather my chances against the terrorists . 
  i believe it is based on the vergina sun . 
  well the ottomans were literally going to destroy them . 
  it is n't quite the same . 
  the main reason handing them back is impossible though is greece has a tendency to periodically sell stuff to pay off debt . 
  estonia somehow managed to have a distinctive tricolour . 
  mate do n't knock a balkan country actually having detailed and accurate borders . 
  is n't it based upon the standard of ancient macedonia ? 
  those bloody things are ugly . 
  oes , ydw , ie , etc all in a language where straight yes and no are generally discouraged . 
  really ? 
  nearly everything i 've seen opposed has been about budgeting . 
  the whole argument about the british rebate is largely centred around cap . 
  there is also the concern that it tends to favour larger corporations too much . 
   i know there are tons of cap opponents on this reddit , so i fully expect to be down-voted , but a part of my family are farmers selling food to the markets and that 's basically the reason . 
  people are opposed to cap being used as a subtle transfer mechanism from non-agricultural to agricultural nations . 
  nobody is opposed to eu wide agricultural policy . 
  eurosceptics do n't want the eu solving the issues of the day . 
  it tends to be devastating to their argument . 
   yes , but does anyone really think that when the celts invaded ireland , they then proceeded to literally murder every single native irish person that lived there at the time so that there would only be pure celtic people left in ireland ? 
  tbh until genetic records started blowing these theories out of the water people really did believe this . 
  turns out nearly no migrations saw a significant swing in genetic profile . 
  exactly . 
  it is all your fault !, 
  we 're just trying to see what it was that fascinated russia , austria and prussia . 
  i 'm sure / u/shoryukenist can just pick the president like that . 
  are they aelfinn or eelfinn though ? 
  regardless never trust finn folk . 
  something something estonia not into nordic . 
  no matter how gay . 
  tbh if the leaders of the eu decide turkey is europe then it is . 
  the founding treaties basically say `` europe is what we say it is '' . 
  it is also precise why progress with turkey has stalled . 
  they know they are never going to be let in . 
  the horse formally known as trojan . 
  yeah it is a literary device . 
  hated in literature because it basically makes the entire narrative pointless because you solved the problem with some random and unpredictable insertion . 
  i know what it means , it is precisely why the use of it here strikes me as a nonsensical statement . 
  firstly we are n't in a narrative so the whole phrase makes no sense in this context . 
  the reality we have is real and does n't need to fit a narrative . 
  secondly it actually makes a tonne of sense for obama to intervene . 
  even if this was some kind of novel or play it makes sense that one power intervenes in the evolution of another . 
  so it is n't even deus ex machina then . 
  so it makes no sense in all the levels it might be made to make sense . 
  honestly horoscopes and otherkin are at least no worse than organised religion . 
  marriage is designed to provide legal protection in the event of a divorce . 
  it has nothing to do with what nature favours or does n't . 
  islam growing incredibly fast in europe has only ever been true when measured relative to christianity . 
  sticking it in your pocket or buying fast food is also a better usage . 
  well i believe in something . 
  i had a cup of tea in my hands 10 minutes ago , now i believe it is empty . 
  there wo n't be a swift `` free trade '' deal with the eu . 
  there 'd be a trade deal where we 'd have to uphold all the basic eu trade regulations * to avoid us becoming a middle man trader with parties that are n't on the eu 's christmas card list . 
  * including future trade regulations . 
   like some deus ex machina does boris even english ? 
  this seems like a sentence that some ai that pretends to understand the written word would insert . 
  or is he just throwing around latin phrases and hopes nobody understanding the real meaning behind them ? 
   the problem is rather that all governments have lost control to the unelected federal machine . 
  the federal machine is composed of the leaders of the governments of said nations . 
  the only other centre of power is the parliament which has this odd system of selection where we cast votes . 
  just conquer the rest of your continent and call yourself america . 
  just remember to leave dunkirk available for our usage during this exciting time . 
  european empire . 
  well generally he otherwise stands for all the things that ukip supporters agree with . 
  tbh they are congested if they are congested . 
  they become effectively deadlocked to one side if there is a disproportionate route ( which there nearly always is ) . 
  the biggest problem with uk roads is roundabouts on main highways . 
  almost all new highways are built straight through but loads still have giant roundabouts in the middle . 
  this is the problem with the entire out campaign . 
  we have hundreds of different types of out who are all making mutually exclusive statements about what out would look like . 
  there are some who are `` out of eu , in eea '' and others who are `` free standing glorious isolation with trade '' and still more who are `` commonwealth innit '' . 
  you ca n't do all these things . 
  hell in some cases you ca n't even do some of these things at all . 
  to be fair france helped in 1939 . 
  austria helped in 1812 . 
  you too can be serb . 
  provided no magyar or turk ancestry . 
  the biggest flaw is a lack of common agreement on what the red lines are in the nations experiencing multiculturalism . 
  it does n't help that right wing forces within said nations are constantly assaulting the very liberal ethics they are hoping the migrant populations will uphold . 
  we have this very odd dynamic where the liberals are looking at their opponents who are normally utterly opposed to everything liberal except where it applies to migrant populations . 
  it is all a bit bizarre . 
  anyway without a clearly defined and enforced red line there is no way it can work . 
  it already is n't . 
  china does more trade with europe than the us . 
  there was n't any kind of coherent aim in the whole mess . 
  germany basically wanted to throw ukraine under a bus at the earliest opportunity so they could get back to buying cheap gas . 
  france were concerned with selling warships . 
  britain has n't been happy with russia anyway and probably does n't care about ukraine beyond poking russia back in the eye following the litvinenko issue . 
  the whole reason we have such a bastard deal as minsk 2 is nobody gave a shit about ukraine . 
  britain has always loved poland . 
  did in 1812 and again in 1939 . 
  we delivered freedom and then went home .
