  the us is a nation that has faith in its institutions so to blatantly bypass one with legal trickery is not a normal american thing . 
  * the coin would never see circulation so could n't increase inflation for instance . 
  it is better stated as a legal fiction rather than actual currency . 
  the politics might be important but without the economics the politics is irrelevant . 
  this debate is getting towards canute levels . 
  politics can not demand the oceans stay back . 
  the euro can be viable but the politics inherent today suggests the economics will not be corrected . 
  i know you won the eurovision song contest a while back . 
  sadly i know little more than this . 
  as a brit i find germany to be an exotic place ( whereas australia is like our back yard but with bigger spiders ) . 
  i bet you drink your beer cold like an american !, 
  there is also the fact most uk degrees of any worth are accredited by other relevant bodies . 
  though often the relevancy of the relevant bodies * is called into question . 
  * british computer society needs to come into the 20th century . 
  wales does n't really have a separate system . 
  it just subsidises welsh students so they do n't pay full fees . 
  it is n't like scotland where the qualifications are completely different . 
  you realise insulting british alcoholism is literally a declaration of war !, 
  as a brit i have no baseline for comparison . 
  i 'd miss the rain and conversations about the weather being bad enough to make the day useless but not really bad enough that we can moan about it . 
  i do n't think a british german axis is any more preferable than the unshakeable french-german axis . 
  you 'd still have two parties deciding the direction behind closed doors . 
  then framing the debate in such a way that the only choice other nations have is to veto and isolate themselves . 
  the whole concept of a controlling axis is a cancer to the eu . 
  honestly i think we should have some form of the hre eagle . 
  mainly because it looks cool and that is the prime determining factor in all choice of heraldry . 
  i think this is a good move . 
  europe has been too lax about integration . 
  it would n't . 
  it would maintain food security though . 
  essentially most of the processes and infrastructure are similar . 
  if you are making biofuel it is very easily repurposed for food production if war breaks out . 
  i like the way we are going with this in the uk . 
  we are starting to give out tax reductions for companies that demonstrated work done in the uk ( for instance tax reductions for patents held in the uk ) . 
  this gives an incentive to keep their profits in the country and ties it to something which has to be done in the uk . 
  better than a giant pissing match about effective rates . 
  i think europe does n't have quite the experience the us has in handling this problem and mistakes have been made . 
  we 've been very free market about integration and it has been disastrous . 
  i 'd have no problem with charles other than the fact he is inappropriate as monarch . 
  did n't the last republic come about because a majority voted for the republican party ? 
  maybe time for an election campaign ? 
  it would be hilarious if ireland was secular before the uk . 
  one of the advantages biofuels have is they can be used to simultaneously create food and energy security . 
  in raw economic terms it remains incredibly irrational but if we must have cap i 'd rather it do biofuels . 
  you ca n't really talk about having a debate and then turn people down when they offer it . 
  i have n't said real politik is n't important . 
  the uk will naturally be the one that advocates for breaking the rules and sometimes we 'll be right . 
  however i do n't think it is a model europe in general can accept as the basis for policy . 
  home delivery is a whole new service sector branch . 
  one that probably uses more people than self service loses . 
  retail will never go fully automated . 
  there are a few reasons why : 1 . 
  self service is great for low price perishable items . 
  you wo n't ever be allowed to put a tv through there . 
  self service is a carefully calculated move where the value of reduced staffing is greater than the losses through increased theft . 
  the public expects control of who purchases what . 
  knife , alcohol , tobacco , etc are all age controlled . 
  you need real people to easily make this judgement . 
  it only works for a few items . 
  nobody is going to be happy self serving a weeks shopping . 
  i think we need french influence because france is an amazing country that has much to offer europe . 
  in particular if we are going to see a more military active europe ( which seems to be the direction ) then the french are of particular importance in how and why we decide to take action . 
  britain tends to be too real politiky to be the cornerstone of european foreign policy . 
  not even gorleben will contain thatcher . 
  as a software engineer i do n't think we can even perceive of what we need to achieve to automate the service sector . 
  not only do we not know how to do it we do n't know what the problem is . 
  i 'm not even sure if it is a different one . 
  a slower one maybe . 
  i think we see the eu changing its form 3/4 times within a life time and wonder if we can just have a few decades of stabilisation . 
  we create a new eu before we know what the old one is about and that in part is why we 've stumbled into the eurozone crisis . 
  of course there are also the sovereigntists who 'll probably never be happy . 
  i think it is a mistake to paint them as core to the debate . 
  any more than pro-european `` anything brussels does is grand '' people are core . 
  how is it unusual ? 
  germany has been anxious to keep us in more than others . 
  we are in a crisis because bad debt was covered up with leveraging . 
  i do n't know what this has to do with services in general . 
  the financial sector is not all of the service sector . 
  manufacturing being worth less is entirely natural . 
  200 years ago people made the same arguments when people said that agriculture was worth less than manufacturing . 
  after all you could n't eat a steam engine . 
  there is more value in the service sector than in manufacturing . 
  all this talk about people unemployed because of automation is strange . 
  the only reason we have unemployed is because resources are n't getting to where they need to be . 
  the market has changed but our fundamental process for resource allocation has not . 
  some tasks will always be harder to automate than other tasks . 
  will require human interaction . 
  the fact it ca n't be done cheaply means there are jobs in those areas . 
  the main problem right now is wealth imbalances mean not enough money is reaching the pocket of the consumer and so does n't in turn pass onto the service sector . 
  as a brit i like this . 
  regulation of the financial sector needs to be a market wide effort . 
  everyone is guilty of some form of trickery and only in an agreed common market can we ensure that big businesses can not play one off against another . 
  if only the narrow political capital for eu reform had n't been wasted on something silly like the ftt . 
  i do n't understand why france would name a street after a british politician . 
  yeah that episode was taking the british attitude to the germans to an extreme to show us how silly it was . 
  it did a lot of good . 
  usually if somebody goes on a retarded rant about germans in the uk today that episode is brought up to make fun of them ( the british bigot that is , not the germans ) . 
  pretty much all of fawlty towers was a deconstruction of middle england though . 
  basil is basically the daily mail 's ideal man . 
  the big gap came after ww2 where france wanted to carry on the entente as if nothing had happened .
