  gas is a commodity . 
  it is a basic breach of contract though . 
  gazprom sells gas not by need but by block . 
  it is why poland and co end up spending so much . 
  russia forces them to buy more than they need . 
  regardless gazprom are contracted to provide silly amounts of gas to poland that poland could n't possibly need . 
  the fact poland want to sell it on is irrelevant . 
  britain is basically a country where you work and then emigrate to a nation with more purchasing power . 
  polish people are just doing it in reverse . 
  you guys surely can . 
  i can promise no british back stabbing and taking advantage of greeks and turks when distracted . 
  bulgaria poorer even than turk . 
  also liberal while being better than all the non-europeans . 
  everyone knows the entire us military is a support organisation for private james ramirez . 
  it is a tricky game . 
  play it right and you get the support of 97 % of the public . 
  play it wrong and you are executed for treason . 
   unless you had been willing to simply blockade argentina and use your far superior submarine fleet to send a message ... you would have lsot . 
  a nation that the other party can not touch can not really lose a war . 
  if we had been 6 months further into our decommissioning program we would have started building a new fleet . 
  once it was done we would have won . 
  not sure about the gold but making the ships look like palaces was definitely a thing . 
  the us position was split iirc . 
  the foreign office ( or whatever your equivalent is ) wanted to support argentina citing munroe doctrine . 
  your department of defence wanted to back the uk because argentina is irrelevant and there is a cold war going on . 
  i believe eventually it ended in a weird way with an official breaking ranks and basically announcing us support for britain . 
  this forced the government to either back the action ( which was favoured but not certain ) or basically face up to media questioning over why various parts of the us government did n't agree with each other . 
  eventually the official doctrine was that nato wanted the uk to handle it `` alone '' to prove to russia that nato is n't just the us . 
  as it is when the war got going i believe there were suspicious crates of sidewinders raining on the rn . 
  loads of people from the war have said that without the mysterious sidewinders of unknown provenance the harriers would have struggled with the argentinian airforce . 
  it can be in dialects that are n't proper english . 
  you 'd get marked down for saying `` do n't need no '' in an english class unless you were writing literature with a character who 's brain has been damaged . 
  i doubt we would have lost . 
  it might have taken years rather than weeks had the argentinians waited even a few months . 
  interestingly it seems to be the case that putin really does believe this bullshit . 
  the west has been altering the geopolitical reality but russia is not the target , china is . 
  if anything russia would have been the crowning glory in a post cold war policy of expanding liberalism to counter the threat china might pose to the world order . 
  eastern europe is about putting liberal facts on the ground while we are still in prime position to set direction . 
  the entire royal navy was pretty much being decommissioned when the falklands conflict started . 
  argentina did n't attack for no reason . 
  they attacked because we had nothing with which to respond . 
  only an incredible effort in which half decommissioned warships were refurbished , rearmed and recommissioned actually allowed us to pull the liberation off . 
  even then only because it was only fucking argentina . 
  before that time the tories were of a mind that the only navy britain needed was a second strike capable submarine force . 
  sink it and claim you 've dropped depth charges on the empty sea around stockholm . 
  problem solved . 
  it does n't even make sense to assess response time this way . 
  the raf might have spotted it a thousand years ago but wo n't intervene until the last moment to not give away that information . 
  it is done as a giant dickwaving contest . 
  in the olden days you put gold plating on your war ships to show how grand you were . 
  today you send bombers at nations . 
  but we are evil damn you !, 
  we stole your trade empire !, 
  i thought the current government were from the pro-russian party though . 
  poland always moving . 
  one moment it is in ukraine , next moment in east germany . 
  i doubt britain will be as isolated as it seems . 
  if ukip ever got their deepest darkest fantasies then everyone with any talent will be flooding out of the uk . 
  the rest of the eu could benefit from the exodus of anyone with any talent in britain . 
  surprise / u/theactualawdev . 
  afterlife also of glorious putin !, 
  what is happening in bulgaria ? 
  i thought they were pro-russian . 
  glorious vlad lies with bears rather than women . 
  putin is more dictator perpetuo . 
  i wonder if he sleeps comfortably on the ides of march . 
  need to take care nobody tries to protect them . 
  in v2 we ruled the world gloriously while refusing to ever make naval landings on the continent . 
  why would we be hated ? 
  you and poland should partition russia . 
  you can claim ancient kievan rus lands . 
  poland can take kaliningrad . 
  after too much eu4 i have an undying urge to annihilate turkey . 
  government help !, 
  games have polluted me !, 
  putin : our words are backed with nuclear weapons !, 
   when has the bbc ever been critical of the british government ? 
  the dodgy dossier scandal of course never happened . 
   they want to be with russia actually nearly every study suggests they are n't too hot about russia either . 
  the distinction seems to be kiev wants to throw itself fully into western integration as poland has while the east ( say donetsk ) wants a special position between russia and the eu . 
  saying all media is the same is the precisely being uncritical . 
  being equally sceptical of everything is being sceptical of nothing . 
  it gives you no insight into how to differentiate . 
  it is lazy . 
  this sounds like the equivalent of `` common sense '' in the uk . 
  a term thrown around when somebody does n't want to admit they have no good reason to believe what they believe and can not counter the reasons you believe as you do . 
  i think it is more nuanced than that . 
  western media unquestionably has biases and propaganda . 
  russians are n't stupid and know this fact . 
  what they have little experience with is the concept of multiple sources with different biases and triangulating towards the truth . 
  being able to do things like discarding the opinion and figuring out what the broad sources agree upon and can back up with evidence . 
  when was rt ever critical of russia though ? 
  the western media tears apart our policies . 
  what policy of any kind is not controversial in the extreme in the west ? 
  our media tends to make excuses for annexation of crimea . 
  i 've heard loads of people from the old tank cheering left cite rt as a source that is reliable . 
  hating rt is not hating russia . 
  the problem with immigration is it does n't affect all areas equally . 
  in the uk this is problematic because we do n't do fiscal transfers to balance out the outcomes of our policies . 
  you do n't understand that we are all special snowflakes .
