  there is also the raw anti-democratic nature of banning political opponents . 
  this is what space exploration is supposed to be about . 
  in practice the nations with 0 abortions are not utopias but in fact have laws that prohibit abortions for religious reasons . 
  no doubt contraception is better than abortions . 
  the alternative to abortions is all the unwanted pregnancies and families carrying rape babies and babies they ca n't afford . 
  yes it is absurd by any reasonable definition . 
  why should religion impose upon the freedom of individuals in this day and age ? 
  seeing the catholic nations being absurd makes me proud to be a godless heathen . 
  yes it is sometimes known as the greco-roman-american subculture but it gets a bit silly at that point . 
   practice paganism the infamous roman-american subculture . 
  it is an italian court . 
  as i understand the italian system there are 6 levels of appeal that all in turn have 6 levels of appeal . 
  the more courts you go through the further you are from a final judgement . 
  you obviously do n't understand bubblomics . 
  it really depends upon the type of philosophy they are pushing . 
  some philosophy is objective and very much can be wrong . 
  there were philosophies that claimed that we could understand everything via pure rationalism ( which was actually disproven at the time but ignored , pretty irrational if you ask me ) and we know this to be false today . 
  zeno argued that motion was impossible for instance . 
  this is pretty clearly wrong though his argument was n't intended to be seen as correct . 
  otoh with stuff like nietzsche it is impossible to say if right and wrong are even sensible concepts . 
  there are fewer who speak it as a first language but a lot more as a second language . 
  in wales you can have zero welsh speakers and still the signs will be bilingual . 
  although i 'm not sure that there are any areas left that have zero welsh speakers anymore . 
  or scotland should their vote come through in favour of independence . 
  the mood in the uk is to let scotland decide so if that one comes up first it will likely establish a precedent . 
  from a uk perspective it 'd be incredibly difficult for us to block catalonia while we hold self determination as the most sacred of all things at all times . 
  tbh i might have misread the comment . 
   diversity in peoples opinions on things and climate . 
  i took the climate part to mean diversity of opinion on climate change . 
  nah we should milk russia for all they are worth while prices are good . 
  russia is pumping unsustainably and will be irrelevant in a few decades . 
  lets drink while prices are cheap and keep the good stuff under the bed . 
  it is the market reality in the uk . 
  edf are asking for enough guaranteed profit to run a windfarm profitably . 
  it really depends upon the public mood . 
  the tories have been forced further right than cameron would have liked . 
  this exposes the centre ground to labour . 
  right now labour are themselves focused on their core vote though . 
  the european view on such freedom is that you are facing a prisoner 's dilemma . 
  essentially nearly every individual would want the time off yet everyone would also give it up in exchange for getting the work over somebody else . 
  this creates a pressure due to lack of organisation that produces an inferior outcome for everybody . 
  most of these holidays came about due to union action . 
  at some point we decided it 'd be easier to have the government manage what everybody obviously wanted rather than have the perpetual threat of strike action hanging over people . 
  freedom is a topic which is n't straight forward . 
  at the edges perfect freedom is self consuming . 
  we have both the government and opposition pretending to cut spending . 
  then the economy recovers ( largely due to the abandonment of spending cuts ) and the government praises their spending cuts that did n't happen . 
  the opposition claims the economy recovered in spite of the spending cuts that did n't actually happen . 
  it is all a bit bizarre . 
  a weak european recovery from the recession happened . 
  that is largely because the whole relationship with the us has been pretty screwy since ww2 . 
  it seems to be tailing off but for a long time europe was essentially a client continent of the us . 
  it is hard to have a rational discussion of pros and cons within that context . 
  i think the aura of invincibility around the us has dimmed and it 'll take some time before views settle from weird extremes . 
  diversity in being wrong is not a diversity i want . 
  is it diversity if somebody believes 2 +2 is 5 ? 
  they certainly have an interesting outlook on mathematics . 
  i always said what a wonderful place france is . 
  you know that the actual banks that issue them are private industries right ? 
  i could set up a bank in scotland tomorrow and create g_morganbos notes and they 'd have equal legal standing . 
  it is n't as if the notes are issued by some bank that answers to holyrood . 
  i only know of them because i moved the entire nation to greece in ck2 once . 
  most secession movements in europe are based upon the idea that they 'd be better off inside the eu/nato than part of their nation . 
  this might actually be the way the eu eventually becomes a federation . 
  territories breaking away and being unified under the larger body . 
  there is no return to tiny feuding microstates . 
  scottish pounds have never had any legal standing though . 
  russia has supported tiny breakaway states along a bunch of cacausus and eastern european nations . 
  everyone needs to work to pay for the kids they had when they were 14 . 
  that and you do n't have to pay back dole beer money . 
  where i grew up is a tragedy . 
  i know too many people who are clever who ended up working as shop assistants because they did n't want to go into debt . 
  that is roughly how it is . 
  alexander was further south than modern macedonia . 
  tbh claiming the name macedonia is n't a terrible thing imo but when they start talking about alexander as if he was from there it is a stretch . 
  he was born in what was then known as macedonia . 
  this is at the heart of the greek argument . 
  macedonia was a kingdom that was entirely within modern greek borders . 
  then rome came , conquered greece and created a province of macedonia which was much larger than the old macedonia and included the modern day fyrom among other territories . 
  before roman rule of the east , the republic of macedonia was called paeonia . 
  in between thrace and illyria . 
   alexander the great was macedonian this is either the most epic trolling ever or an unintentional attempt to start a shit storm . 
  i 'm upvoting you so i can sit back and wait for the citizens of hellas to respond . 
  the biggest reason for ireland 's problem is a naive promise to guarantee 100 % back when everyone was pretending the world economy was n't screwed . 
  if they had n't made such a promise their balance books would look a lot better . 
  tbh i do n't think british businesses give a shit about integration one way or the other . 
  they are opposed to integration because that is the best line to appease the public . 
  as far as i can tell it has n't been done in the era of self determination being an international norm . 
  there is no way you could beat spain by force of arms . 
  however if catalonia did declare independence and simply refused to co-operate with spain it would be interesting . 
  if catalonia refused to pay taxes , refused to turn up to spanish courts , refused to register with spanish systems , etc it would make it functionally impossible for spain to hold it . 
  how are they going to stop such a thing ? 
  only by force of arms which today would make them a pariah . 
  of course then you have to deal with the fall out of such an action . 
  including spain bullying you in terms of eu access . 
  the time is different though . 
  if catalonia did declare itself independent and put civilians in the way of the spanish forces then it is incredibly unlikely spain could stop them . 
  they 'd be internationally condemned if they did . 
  of course spain can force them to live as pariahs in europe which is its current game plan . 
  if scotland ever wants it then it 'll happen .
