  it is amazing how many economists backed the euro on the idea that when crisis came the politicians would behave responsibly . 
  are n't there more people who speak polish in britain than welsh by this point ? 
  initially , we 'd be screwed . 
  without the uk we 'd be free to pursue our own path with regards to economic policy . 
  a nation set up for financial services really is n't much use to wales in the large . 
  personally i 'm opposed . 
  i 'd rather the uk had a more balanced economic outlook . 
  it is already happening to an extent . 
  that will be the argument though . 
  on a wider scale i do n't think the nationalists want independence yet . 
  or at least independence later is n't seen as a bad thing for them . 
  there would be political downsides . 
  they are largely seen as a party for the north west . 
  until they change that perception they 'd be out of power if they ever got what they wanted . 
  yeah to an extent scotland kind of legitimises the union . 
  i can see massively increased support for it if scotland left . 
  the union looks different from an ethical stand point without scotland . 
  the practical considerations all change . 
  the scary parts of secession would be dealt with . 
  all this said i ca n't see a majority in favour in wales any time soon . 
  we might reach where scotland is right now . 
  there is less will involved than you might thing . 
  when the original partition happened there was no partition planned . 
  then the uvs threatened to drown both britain and ireland in bloody . 
  then suddenly a partition happened . 
  instead the ira did the drowning in blood thing . 
   steyn argues that these programs erode humanity 's basic sense of self-reliance to a point at which a more resilient group of people -- muslims in this case -- will take control that concept is counter historical . 
  nations have historically persisted as much through bureaucratic inertia as anything else . 
  it is self reliance that causes the collapse of states . 
  when the state folds in on itself and people are left to defend for themselves their identities start to diverge . 
  it happened to the wre as gallic and iberian romans found themselves questioning what the dude in `` rome '' ( for definitions of rome that mean milan or ravenna ) actually does . 
  britain rebelled from rome originally mainly because well what was it actually doing for britain ? 
  nothing binds the uk more than institutions like the nhs and bbc . 
  if they were to disappear you 'd start to question what relationship wales and england really have . 
   beyond a demographic problem , europe lacks the will to defend itself , leading to the third factor : civilizational exhaustion . 
  turkey aside , the uk and france could trounce the entire middle east tomorrow . 
  occupation is n't possible but they could certainly smash any real threat . 
  i mean have all european countries been pacifist for the past 40 years ? 
  sorry it reads like end to end nonsense based upon what wikipedia says about the book . 
  it is like / r/worldnews got together and wrote a book . 
  it is likely an issue of relative position . 
  britain is a long way from an islamic nation so muslims here probably want a nation more in that direction . 
  whereas turkey is an islamic nation so the pressure goes the other way . 
  it is more or less `` grass is greener '' applied to religions and nations . 
  did n't you already have change . 
  as a brit by all means force them to learn spanish . 
  if they fail dump them in the ocean , we 'll pick them up eventually . 
   the queen 's oldest son is the current heir to the throne , but as of 2013 , it is gender-neutral , so her eldest child is her heir . 
  actually the rules will change the day after william becomes king . 
  the bill was passed in 2013 though . 
  most british people would fail the test . 
  we do better than that . 
  blair tried to pass some of his more authoritarian rules through the uk parliament but it became clear it would fail . 
  so he argued for it in the eu . 
  the eu implemented it and then he went back to the uk parliament and told them we had to do this because the eu demanded it . 
  arguing for something your parliament has rejected in the eu needs to be made treason . 
  we can not allow the eu to be a mechanism by which leaders overrule the checks and balances of their national systems . 
  it makes a mockery of both the eu and its members . 
  also fuck blair . 
  deflation is far , far worse than hyperinflation . 
  the german economy recovered relatively quickly when they stopped being silly in the 1920s . 
  similarly zimbabwe started to recover relatively solidly once they pegged to the dollar . 
  deflationary spirals destroy generations . 
  deflation is what is pushing up the greek debt . 
  they 'll never paid it off as it stands . 
  deflation is the most destructive thing that can happen to an economy . 
  when you have deflation people tend to hold onto their money . 
  this causes more deflation . 
  eventually the economy just stops as happened during the great depression . 
  the international voices on this have it right . 
  any kind of international crisis will send the euro zone spiralling back to the floor . 
  it is like a drunk that is tottering on its feet but refusing to stop drinking the austerity 8 % beer . 
  right now germany is terrified of hyperinflation in a time where the real threat is deflation . 
  like putting on a jumper in the sahara in case winter comes in . 
  the problems with the euro were well known ahead of time . 
  there is a reason britain did n't join . 
  the ecb has a duty to target 2 % inflation . 
  they are in breach of eu treaties right now . 
  otoh i have no idea why greece has n't just defaulted . 
  what has happened is as bad as a default . 
  it is long past time for greece to spread the pain around . 
  the israeli relationship with the west is historically ironic . 
  given that the roman empire is the reason they were in such a state to begin with . 
  the whole concept of the west arose from that empire , or at least the western half . 
  these days not so much . 
  in roman times pretty much inseparable . 
  it depends what is meant by economic burden . 
  as of right now i 'm opposed to any further expansion of the core eu because we have n't dealt with the issues arising from poland and co. . not to mention the mediterranean is hardly a shining beacon of prosperity right now . 
  frankly we need the newer members to get closer to the standards of the west , along with some kind of progress on the med , before the eu is ready for more burden . 
  however i 'm fully in support of association with the eventual intention to take on ukraine , moldova and beyond as full eu members . 
  it just needs to be managed properly otherwise expansion will destroy the eu . 
  the eu should be treated as if it has peak burden . 
  right now we are pretty close to peak burden with us talking about leaving and even the french and germans being open to altering the fundamental fabric of the eu . 
  it can . 
  it has to be said that the concept of a social capitalism is sounding a lot like the dream of communism at this point . 
  i do n't think that is true . 
  though there are reactions against people like thatcher and regan in the west . 
  some of those people lean towards an apologist stance for the ussr . 
  all is joke in soviet russia . 
  well after italy hits the ground at 250mph it will be in a good place from which to rebuild its economy .
