  the polish are great and the romanians will be too . 
  the bulk of the problem with polish migration was in the period where we were the only country in the union accepting them so we got a disproportionate number coming in . 
  it has corrected itself and wo n't be a problem with romania . 
  good luck getting the dm to accept this though . 
  you guys had awesome cavalry with wings on their back . 
  i know this is another stereotype but at least it is a cool one . 
  there was also that whole intervention in the balkans thing that blair was instrumental in bringing about . 
  i suspect serbians hate him and everyone else in the area loves him . 
  i do n't think anyone properly understood his interventionist streak when he came to power . 
  on the plus side i think he has done irreparable harm to the interventionist cause . 
  the uk system of government has changed in a subtle but potentially very far reaching way because of iraq . 
  fucking hell we 're inventive in the uk . 
  at least you have n't got to pick a different name if the baby disappoints you with its gender . 
  oh it is bullshit . 
  my point was more that godwin 's law was designed because any topic ends up with parallels drawn to the nazis . 
  in this case the parallels are built into the topic itself so godwin 's does n't apply . 
  my comment was not a judgement call on german 's criticising judaism . 
  toppling dictators is usually what causes this flight . 
  break away regions . 
  i guess the t-34s will be rolling in shortly . 
  godwin 's law does n't really apply when we are talking about a german criticising a jewish practice as barbaric . 
  yes once you are emperor you can add your territory . 
  no but it is the easiest way to join . 
  can a theocracy be emperor ? 
  i always end up joining by vassalising the electors . 
  you guys should take schleswig-holstein . 
  i have a feeling that nothing could go wrong with this course of action . 
  tbh there is nothing wrong with stella . 
  it is the cultural association that kills stella rather than the beer itself . 
  germany has revoked the privilegia of greece . 
  the us wo n't default . 
  the whole concept is bizarre . 
  if it came to it the us government would just ignore the law and talk about the consequences later . 
  regardless we are talking about the effects of the shut down . 
  not the effects of a default . 
  is this the video that is based upon the faulty assumption that the royal family owns the crown estates ? 
  the crown estates belong to the crown . 
  it is like saying obama is rich because he owns the white house . 
  it is a students wet dream instead . 
  probably not at all . 
  the only real lingering us influence in europe right now is the military and they 've managed to agree that military funding will be firewalled from their political tiff . 
  this is what it will be like when chaos rules europe . 
  if this happened in the uk we 'd be asking whether life would be the same after the tyranny of the weather had passed . 
  at least go for broke and have napoleon back . 
  then you can pretend to be a republic and have a cool hat . 
  we get the same thing with tourism in the uk . 
  legoland is more popular than any royal destination . 
  obviously nobody would go to see legoland if it were n't for the monarchy . 
  amazing that the huge expense the empire incurred putting an end to the slave trade is the stick used to beat us with . 
  britain nearly bankrupted itself in a unilateral war on the slave trade . 
  no doubt the slaves could have used that money . 
  the question then is who is going to pay for abolition ? 
  i try to explain this . 
  people keep saying lanelly for llanelli . 
  it is more like thlanethli this probably does n't help the perception that welsh speakers are all trying to summon cthulhu . 
  basically the shows go back and forth on who can put the most attractive girls who ca n't act on tv . 
  at least that is how it works today . 
  it used to be a point of pride that everyone on corrie was ugly . 
  are we really going to turn all of wales into a hydroplant though ? 
  we tend to get annoyed when you start flooding our valleys . 
  at the time the rule was created parliament was a public service that no sane man wanted to do . 
  in fact it was n't until the rise of socialism that mps were even paid . 
  labour argued for pay because otherwise it is impossible for your working class man to take part . 
  the problem is n't national sovereignty . 
  the problem is democratic legitimacy . 
  widely put there are two issues : 1 . 
  the mechanism simply is n't democratic . 
  there is a parliament but it is about as much use as the roman senate under emperor domitian . 
  for the eu to be legitimate as a democratic affair then democracy needs to be at the heart of the decision making . 
  a lack of shared political culture . 
  this one is much harder than just fixing the structures . 
  in the uk at least meps are not picked on anything approaching a wider eu view of the picture . 
  it is either a protest vote against the eu or a protest vote against the british government . 
  nobody votes on actual eu policy ( not helped by the fact the eu parliament is a giant social club ) but on largely internal facing issues . 
  in a wider sense it is n't helped by the fact i do n't know what the french or german parties are saying about europe . 
  there is n't really a political landscape in which myself and a frenchmen are picking candidates from the same cloth . 
  we are picking french and british candidates that are loosely affiliated if at all . 
  sovereignty comes into it because sovereignty derives from legitimacy . 
  today legitimacy itself derives from democracy . 
  so this leads to a situation where the uk parliament is sovereign because it is democratic and thus legitimate . 
  while the eu is not because it is n't democratic . 
  a lot of parliaments have this . 
  in the uk you can only leave parliament by appointment to a royal office . 
  so the government managed to wrangle control of a royal office and award it to a person whenever they want to resign . 
  i do n't think it has ever been used to block a resignation but theoretically it could be . 
  it is n't really surprising . 
  it probably makes less sense for someone descended from the colonies to claim to be english . 
  however british has kind of become a broad group in the same way roman did . 
  kind of like greeks were not italians but they were definitely romans . 
  the british include gibraltar , northern ireland , the falklands , any british person who 's ancestry comes from the subcontinent or any other non-anglicised colony . 
  the rest of the british are english , scottish and welsh . 
  easy theft of styria as milan in eu4 . 
  always fun when suddenly half of austria vanished and becomes a compliant vassal . 
  i do n't think we ever held all of that at one time though . 
  everyone knows the prince of darkness is not so easily defeated as a balrog . 
  the latter only requires the complete sacrifice of an angelic being . 
  nobody knows how to kill the former . 
  it is n't really cultural . 
  politically there is an intractable divide between the south east of england and everywhere else . 
  we 'll send you the water bill on friday .
