  it sucks but as somebody who has read about 3 amas in 7 years on this site it does n't affect me . 
  i 'm personally unsubscribing from every subreddit that takes part in this black out . 
  i dislike mods dragging me into their petty disputes . 
  this happens every flipping time somebody stubs a toe on reddit . 
  yeah and usually they get what they want . 
  people keep voting for this bullshit . 
  there is going to be a huge reaction against it at some point but not until a generation of older voters are comfortably buried . 
  we 'll see a few more decades of this then governments will do a hard 180 as everyone who was young during this hits middle age . 
  they forgot that politicians care about : 1 . 
  their career . 
  their country . 
  in that order . 
  the correct path has been blocked by point 1 . 
  voters have made it clear up and down europe that they 'd rather see the whole of europe go down in flames than bail out greece . 
  so whatever is done it has to look like greece caving and as i said `` any policy you want as long as it is called austerity '' . 
  no politician is going to pick the right solution while voters threaten to vote them out . 
  so they need to present at the very least a veneer of punishment and pain for greece . 
  syriza 's approach did n't allow this to happen . 
  the politicians on the side of the troika are welded bodily to austerity . 
  they would allow any solution syriza wanted as long as they had the good grace to call it austerity so nobody had to make any u-turns . 
  the problem syriza have is they tried to take an honest approach imo . 
  syriza should have done what the tories in the uk have done by calling `` not cutting spending for 3 years '' austerity . 
  because all our wealth is theoretical wealth tied up in property assets we naturally can not actually unlock as we need to live in them . 
  if the uk housing market started to deflate our gdp would decrease but our ppp would increase . 
  because the mess is primarily political . 
  to an extent what tsipras has asked for is n't even unreasonable . 
  they just want to make the waters look dangerous for podemos and others . 
  a leader who can be presented as moderate can probably be given more concessions . 
  think they want more than that http://i.ytimg.com/vi/uhzhng7aeoe/hqdefault.jpg, 
  is obviously holiday camp . 
  it is clearly a sign for god . 
  if only the turkish government believed in secularism . 
  then they could ignore this . 
  there is one thing to come out of this . 
  whoever follows syriza will likely find a very willing audience . 
  if the greek government did collapse it might actually save greece because syriza will have caused such panic that compromising with the moderates would seem palatable . 
  it is largely because the imposed austerity crashed their economy so that their tax receipts fell alarmingly as they cut . 
   and by `` truth '' you mean `` religious tenet . '', 
  austerity is the theory who 's only support comes from raw faith . 
  a principle with not a shred of evidence in all of history to support it . 
  yes greece pretty much needed a raw handout to achieve economic stabilisation and reform . 
  however that would have cost the lenders far less than what they are actually going to lose now . 
  this was the most efficient outcome for all partners . 
  the chosen plan is pretty close to the least efficient . 
  i detest bad decisions made simply because somebody thinks the ideal outcome is unfair . 
  now everyone has lost . 
  well it is hard to argue that greece has : 1 . 
  undergone the most extensive austerity program in all history . 
  has gone through a land slide towards third world status as a result . 
  it is also hard to ignore the reality that a graph of budget cuts against economic prowess shows heavy favour to the nations that cut very little ( us and uk post 2012 u-turn ) and looks horrible for nations that cut among the most . 
  there is also the interesting phenomenon that deficits do n't actually vary much between the group . 
  the us and uk have achieved comparable deficit reduction to nations at the height of suicide austerity without gutting their economy . 
  the greek cuts are on an entirely different planet to the ones of any of the other nations . 
  almost an order of magnitude higher . 
  that people keep claiming `` other nations did '' suggests they are ignorant or lying . 
  the imf were opposed to austerity from day 1 . 
  they are n't a political body . 
  in fact is shows how utterly insane austerity has gotten that the imf are out campaigning against it . 
  it has always been the ecb and its fascination with ordoliberalism and confidence fairies ( about as real as confidence elves and confidence angels ) that has brought us to this point . 
  ireland has n't cut a fraction of what greece cuts . 
  why do people keep repeating these blatant lies ? 
  the uk is doing better because we are n't running austerity anything like greece . 
  ( arguably we have n't run austerity for 3 years , the 2 years we ran mild austerity were bad for the uk ) . 
  the truth is if greece had resisted like this 5 years ago their economy would be in a much better shape right now . 
  reform ( which despite claims to the contrary has always had austerity at the front . 
  the troika never gave a shit about anything else until it was apparent austerity was an absurd idea ) has been nothing but a complete disaster . 
  what greece has faced makes economic crisis like the collapse of the papiermark look like a blip . 
  they 've out done the great depression in terms of economic carnage . 
  that is what austerity has achieved . 
  the net result of all this imposed penny pinching to protect debts is those nations will never see their money again . 
  it is utterly insane . 
  imagine a bank intentionally and knowingly driving its debtors into the ground so they are functionally unable to ever pay the bank its money back . 
  this is what we 've seen in europe . 
  relative position is irrelevant . 
  net neutrality is the right thing . 
  it is also nothing to do with competition . 
  net neutrality is nothing more than the idea that a delivery company should n't charge both ends of the service for delivery . 
  that if one user has paid for a delivery the company should n't also be able to double dip with the other end user . 
  number of isps does n't come into it . 
  you can have network neutrality with a monopoly . 
  also competition is n't as relevant as you might think . 
  the isp only affects the final stretch of the network . 
  the isp will still have to contend with every subsequent stretch of the network potentially being squatted by a double dipping corporation trying to charge both ends before they deliver . 
  in general it is impossible for the market to regulate this , in fact it might even be easier with an outright monopoly as you have fewer actors to bring into line . 
  the problem is more that the tories stopped doing austerity and the economy recovered dramatically . 
  then they went right back to proposing harsh austerity . 
  nobody is opposed to deficit reduction . 
  the time scale is what is argued about . 
  though the debate about how insane it was in 2010 is irrelevant at this point . 
  austerity was n't good for portugal i agree . 
  however you did far less of it than greece . 
  if 5 years ago they 'd given away the tiniest fraction of what they had lost we would n't in this mess right now . 
  the effort in portugal was much smaller and that is why austerity was n't an utter disaster there . 
  they wo n't . 
  they 'll probably peg their currency to the euro in the short term . 
  it has become clear that there is n't a deal with the troika that can actually improve the situation for greece . 
  the choice is tottering on the brink of bankruptcy for 30 years , every 4 years having a new emergency and subsequent imposed terms , or actually just going bankrupt . 
  the latter is more painful right now but once it is done there are no new negotiations , conditions or hoops to jump through . 
  the former is easier right now but with the stance of the troika i ca n't see any actual solution for greece in that path . 
  for the eu we 've now demonstrated that if a nation gets into trouble this is how it ends up .
