  then move his court east . 
  the western legions , spending nearly every waking moment fighting barbarians , would mince the eastern legions who often went decades in relative peace . 
  constantine himself is perhaps the most famous example of this . 
  it is a very strange history all in all . 
  the west was militarily quite decent . 
  if majorian had n't been assassinated by ricimir it would have been interesting . 
  he 'd already pacified all the western barbarians . 
  the west was due a long earned period of stability . 
  then majorian got stabbed . 
  the link from romulus to alexander severus is : 1 . 
  all the governments in that time ruled from rome itself . 
  all the systems derived legitimacy from the roman senate ( even the kings ) . 
  the upper classes of the city of rome dominated public office . 
  the specific culture and customs of rome itself dominated ( vestal virgins , palatine hill , alter of victory etc ) after the crisis of the 3rd century you ended up with a primarily greek cultured empire , that derived power via absolute rule and also ignored the roman senate . 
  it was clearly a different thing in how it ruled , why it ruled and in the basic cultural assumptions behind the empire . 
  it was a totally different system . 
  the only thing kept was the military , territory and name . 
  for instance the empire went from being managed by upper class roman citizens to being managed by life time appointed freedman bureaucrats . 
  the laws went from being written in latin to greek . 
  the greek specific culture dominated ( while there was a lot of cross over there are clear cut greek and roman cultures ) . 
  legally it is still the same thing but in practice it is a very different thing . 
  at the time the sassanids were easily a match . 
  arguably the franks were at this time as well . 
  they 'd spent a century pushing the empire around and the king of the franks had long been as powerful as the western augustus . 
  when the west fell it was n't militarily any weaker than the east . 
  in fact towards the end the west did a much better job with attila than the east did . 
  the huns basically did whatever they wanted with the eastern empire . 
  attila humiliated the east 3 times and only the walls of constantinople stopped the eastern empire falling then and there . 
  the western empire defeated their invasion of gaul in open battle . 
  i 'm not proposing we defund renewables . 
  they have yielded results because it is a more tractable problem . 
  that does n't mean it is the right solution on its own . 
  walking is easier than building a car . 
  i would n't want to walk 500 miles though . 
  alexander severus was centuries before the fall of the western empire . 
  the end of the severin dynasty really brought on the crisis of the third century that ended with the transfer of political influence from west to east . 
  that is when i 'd say the roman empire died and was reborn as something else . 
  tbh it happens rarely on sunday 's . 
  only true believers tend to train on a sunday . 
  a girl walked in on sunday and immediately started doing deadlifts ( correctly ) . 
  it is that magical . 
  however yes there were some kids who decided to take over the squat rack . 
  the normal time for curl station antics is 6pm when people start pouring out of work into the gym . 
  fusion has never been adequately funded . 
  there are graphs dating back to when this started which put the expected delivery date . 
  we 've consistently been comfortably below the `` fusion is never going to happen below this level '' line . 
  the downside is how uneconomical it is . 
  the tax breaks are proposed for a reason . 
  bloody stupid . 
  any time we start to see progress with fusion we have somebody wanting to defund it . 
  if it got even a fraction of the resources renewables or fission power get we 'd have it working by now . 
  they are n't really of interest in the uk . 
  we just like to denigrate our politicians and ca n't understand why the french would skip the opportunity to do so to theirs . 
  nobody really cares who edwina currie was . 
  she just presented an opportunity to assault the ego and public standing of a former pm . 
  an opportunity which can not be missed !, 
   this is a version of the popular journalist 's `` fallacy of omniscience by proximity '' . 
  i 'm sure that anyone who ever wrote from korea gets similar calls : `` you lived there , right ? 
  you must have often seen out-of-favour relatives being eaten alive by ravenous dogs ? 
  ca n't you tell our listeners something about it ? '', 
  this is what they mean when they say `` investigative journalism '' . 
  they ask a bunch of people within 7 degrees of separation from the story . 
  when one of them says what they want to print they have done due diligence for their story . 
  i 'd say diocletian marked a complete change in what the roman empire was . 
  the switch from the principate to the dominate system can not just be hand waved away . 
  for all intents and purposes these are different empires . 
  the basis for its power , legitimate and defacto , was different . 
  the shape of the empire was different . 
  the culture of the empire was different . 
  all it kept was the name . 
  old rome fell when alexander severus was killed and a barbarian took the purple . 
  after that was a century of death and then a new empire with an old name . 
  there is no way the byzantines were more relevant than the era of the antonines . 
  byzantium was a powerful nation among equals . 
  under hadrian the roman empire was unchallenged master of the known world . 
  they 'd even smashed parthia under trajan . 
  in comparison the rising powers such as france and britain were easily the equal of the byzantine empire . 
  arguable . 
  the advance of christianity created the advance of islam . 
  one of the key issues that caused such easy acceptable of islam was the roman suppression of the donatists . 
  a lot of donatist doctrine ended up in islamic circles . 
  without a roman church the donatist split never happens . 
  christianity does n't have some odd ball group just ready to jump on board a new religion that promises to mistreat those who lose faith with the church . 
  which is absurd given christianity played a big role in the fall of the roman empire . 
  one moment we have an empire that does n't give a shit which religion you are ( provided you are n't jewish ) . 
  next you have an empire which fights with itself over whether jesus had hair that was 1ft long or 1ft 1in long . 
  of course naturally the both hated the people who thought jesus had 1ft 2in long hair . 
  those people are absurd . 
  you just need to increase taxes until life is too painful to consider rebellion . 
  just remember that free markets are for wimps that can not expand all their factories by hand . 
  you need to run that stuff like stalin . 
  no food , only tank !, 
  the lhc is under the age of consent so naturally attracts berlusconi . 
  like a moth to a flame . 
  i went to the gym on sunday . 
  idiot kids were curling in the squat rack . 
  i can confirm there is no god . 
  what about lls ? 
  this sadly would be very popular in most parts of wales . 
  well to be fair they have n't been elected to anything meaningful .
