  iraq was a nation where we blew up the power base of everyone who could rule the country . 
  the whole era of liberal interventionism has been run in a remarkably naive way . 
  we should have seen who in the ba'ath party is the least idiotic and put them in charge of a semi-democratic iraq or something . 
  it would have had the benefit of actually functioning . 
  of course we should have never invaded iraq to begin with . 
  mali did n't go wrong . 
  also it is debatable libya went wrong . 
  without western intervention it would look like syria now tied down in an endless civil war . 
  this crisis was nearly entirely caused by some members saying `` you know what you can come in '' . 
  you ca n't wilfully manufacture a crisis and then expect the eu to bail you out . 
  we already close the border to illegal immigrants . 
  not really any different to the october bill crisis . 
  that support for leaving vanished within a week . 
  out being a tiny touch ahead during one of the worse crises in the history of the eu is telling . 
  yes but not if they still have morons burning each others crops in pointless ethnic wars . 
  i would say that liability would be proportional to the share holding . 
  so if you only own 0.000000001 % you get that much of the risk . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporation  registered corporations have legal personality and are owned by shareholders [ 1 ] [ 2 ] whose liability is limited to their investment the whole purpose of the modern corporation is limited liability . 
  corporations are by definition `` companies that firewall the investor from the actions of the company '' . 
  there is no corporation that does n't have this property . 
  that is what they were designed to do . 
  they are n't a necessary feature of a free market economy . 
  corporation is not a synonym for business . 
  private businesses are not corporations . 
  the uk would be a much larger section of a combined uk+us population than scotland is of the uk . 
  scotland is about 8 % of the uk population . 
  the uk would be 17 % of the combined uk + us population . 
  most comparable situation is bavaria which is 15 % of the german population . 
  iirc the term socialism was only added because socialism was a buzz word that had weight with the public at the time . 
  fascism supposes propping up a specialised elite is the best way to protect the nation and people at large . 
  it is really a modern feudalism in perspective . 
  just with the state rather than a nobility being the driver behind the heirarchy . 
  the idea that corporations is the most efficient form of business is an unjustifiable claim though . 
  the only reason corporations are so dominant is they allow the benefactors to firewall themselves from risk . 
  arguably this should n't exist at all . 
  the model is specifically set up so that investors can commit crimes without ever paying the penalties . 
  from a strict libertarian perspective corporations are a form of theft . 
  they are set up so businesses can take on risks to other people 's property without the owners of said businesses being made liable for the outcomes . 
  this is an outright violation of the basic property rights that sit at the heart of the free market . 
  so yeah i 'd disagree with any political testing that assumes corporate domination is a market oriented view . 
  it is nothing to do with rate of change of population . 
  the pagans were forcibly converted to christianity via various mechanisms . 
  usually discrimination ( i.e. 
  you had to convert to hold office in the late roman empire and in the feudal kingdoms that followed ) or even outright physical force ( i.e. 
  multiple raids on pagan holdings by christians ) . 
  christianity is a religion that has historically been propped up by force . 
  what has happened the past century or so is the force has ended ( in most of europe at least ) . 
  it took only a century to go from 0 % non-religious to 40 % . 
  that is far quicker than paganism ever died . 
  by historical norms christianity is in nothing short of an incredible death spiral in the west . 
  anyway no doubt there 'll be christians a thousand years from now in the same way there are druids today . 
  unless there is a restoration of the use of force it will continue to recede though . 
  i 'm sure the greek pagans felt the same way . 
   i mean does it pain you that christian customs ( but mainly values ) exist in europe ? 
  it irritates me that people see them as christian values . 
  most of the values were imposed on christians at huge cost during the period of religious strife around the reformation ( and no the reformation itself was not about being moral ) . 
  i mean religious toleration and moderation in the uk was imposed upon all the religious factions from the civil war period . 
  you had puritans , presbyterians and catholics all trying to play the oppression game . 
  the period ended with a firm `` all of you fuck off '' and then christians have the cheek to claim that this was a christian invention . 
  functionally it does n't matter but seeing christians try to co-opt the enlightenment and religious toleration is like germans claiming ownership of anti-fascism . 
  what we can say is christianity lost a lot of civil wars and graciously accepted the conclusions of those holding a blade to its throat . 
  one minute your getting lost in ukraine when suddenly you are actually lost in syria . 
   has it somehow left your mind why christian holidays and customs are still marked/celebrated ? 
  has it left your mind why saturnalia is still celebrated ? 
  we 'll just invent some other reason to get drunk long after christianity has gone the way of zeus . 
  christianity borrowed most of these celebrations . 
  we 're just borrowing them back . 
  monogamous marriage predates christianity by centuries . 
  hell the `` christian '' wedding ceremony is little more than an adaptation of the roman ceremony that predated the empire . 
  an an atheist my biggest concern is seeing the coe decide recently that more fundamentalist religions are their natural ally rather than siding with the atheists and cultural christians that dominate the uk . 
  nobody asked the church to keep picking the wrong side in every political argument in the uk . 
  currently the line of thought in the coe is that the best way to defend their privileges is to see them extended to the other religious denominations in the uk . 
  they are not friends in any conflict with islam . 
  tbh as much as we moan the us not joining ww2 was entirely justifiable until japan attacked them . 
   when he did n't need to well he could have forced parliament to defund him and force the government to pass a law officially allowing it to block war . 
  the fact is parliament now has the say on whether we go to war or not . 
  it is unlikely to give up that power and has the tools it needs to make the power 100 % legal if they want to . 
  yeah that was my point . 
  the ussr built an incredible number of tanks but their logistics operations were literally entirely supplied by the other allies . 
  without this much more than half of their tank production would have had to be spent on stuff other than tanks . 
  the resulting red army is much smaller , much less mechanised and much less mobile . 
  i 'll admit that other than forcing you to be my vassal in eu4 whenever i play as muscovy/byzantium/theodoro / ottomans/crimea that i know next to nothing about georgia . 
  i had a nice game where i kept georgia as glorious border march against the uncivilised world as byzantium while i introduced true rome to germany . 
  check the ussr production figures . 
  they fielded an army who 's military doctrine was based entirely on mechanised infrastructure and the mobility not using horses ( which the wehrmacht still did ) for dragging goods around provided . 
  an army with millions of trucks . 
  then you have a soviet industry that did n't build a single truck . 
  can we handle the german broom brigade though ? 
  fusion research has been massively under invested in all that time . 
  why swim when you can simply remove all the water ? 
  britain supported the tsar and then the liberals in the russian revolution . 
  it was germany who empowered lenin . 
   could you then please to provide an example of any democratic country where your statement is implemented in a form of law ? 
  that is n't implemented in law . 
  it operates via basic market principles . 
  still think the new ecce homo looks amazing . 
  this will be remembered more than the original art work ever will . 
  the children of these people will think they are morons . 
  it wo n't sustain itself . 
  of course we are talking maybe a generation to see this out .
