  that would create a power that could challenge the united states . 
  the current american disengagement from europe speaks of the end of this policy . 
  the us wants the use or whatever you call it to be a thing . 
  the us is precisely asking for a single dominant power in europe that would be aligned with it . 
  whereas russia is terrified of that prospect . 
  ironically the only body which sees this as impractical are the actual european member states . 
   after 9/11 , the conviction that something be done turned into an obsession . 
  but over the past 10 years , americans ' sense of clarity has become much more murky , and their appetite for involvement has declined accordingly . 
  i think these points are related . 
  it has become clear because of 9/11 that things are n't black and white . 
  that you can identify an enemy and even try to do the right thing and make it worse . 
  for all the talk about us imperialism they never really tried to physically shape the world in their image as the uk , france and others did in the 19th century . 
  9/11 started a chain of events which led to the us behaving like the british empire and they figured out just how difficult it is . 
  the question is does barroso have the power to do this ? 
  it reminds me of a discussion i had with a hard core socialist about the failures of unions . 
  the union leader would come in and ask all the members what it was they wanted . 
  then when it came time to back up demands with actions the members all balked . 
  we are n't striking or working to rule . 
  it is completely pointless barroso even talking without the power to take action . 
  if the eu really wants to do anything the 28 leaders need to be pulled into a room and tell barroso what they want . 
  then barroso needs to tell them what he needs from them to get it . 
  if the two sides ca n't agree then we should n't even be talking about action . 
  have they stated an aim to remove the government ? 
  it is n't a revolution until guillotines come out . 
  china has worse force projection capabilities than europe . 
  at least france has a working carrier . 
  to be fair the italians are explicitly banned by constitution from contributing more . 
  except the big spending nations do have more influence . 
  france and the uk have more influence over the us than practically any other nation on the planet . 
  the us have taken part in wars we 've wanted in very recent years . 
  libya being the obvious one . 
  it was france and the uk calling for syria as well ( hilarious as that is given the vote in parliament ) . 
  i think nato works precisely as advertised . 
  the nations that spend little get dragged along . 
  the partners that involve themselves more get more say on direction . 
  the us is obviously the most powerful but it is n't a dictatorship . 
  remember that they did overthrow the government not that long ago . 
  ukraine has practice at revolution . 
  a us intervention would be disastrous politically . 
  it would give pro-russian voices a huge pr win . 
  what needs to happen now is for the eu to dip its hands in its pockets and use this much vaunted soft power we speak of . 
  get in a room with putin and the ukrainian government . 
  agree a three party way forward for ukraine that allows it to keep ties with russia and develop ties with the eu . 
  everyone in the eu assumes that association with the eu makes sense . 
  that long term it is not a decision that requires much thought , we offer so much more than russia . 
  if that really is true there is an opportunity for us to come out of this as the placating side . 
  really a three way partnership ends with ukraine in the eu if all we believe about the block is true . 
  all the talk about military intervention is complete bollocks . 
  the eu needs to put a charitable way forward for the ukraine that increases the internal political pressure on the government there . 
  not guns , not sanctions . 
  offer a deal that looks to be reasonable . 
  if they do n't accept they 'll end up out of power anyway . 
   except that has usually led to absolute catastrophes for the european countries involved . 
  how could you guys continue to write them off so arrogantly ? 
  that is n't really true . 
  most of history saw russia getting pushed around . 
  look up the great game . 
  what is remarkable about russia is their comparative lack of victories given their size . 
  that said the idea that we could fight russia in the ukraine is laughable . 
  russia is n't the super power they were . 
  they are perfectly capable of standing up to us and france in a nation that borders them . 
  if russia tried to invade germany today they 'd get their arses kicked even if the us did n't intervene ( assuming conventional war ) . 
  fucking around in the ukraine is a completely different matter . 
  they are just unnecessary against opponents that do n't have armour . 
  a tank is essentially designed to stop opponents from rolling their own armoured divisions around . 
  they got huge because of an arms race in tanks . 
  without the tank on tank combat your ideal vehicle would never exceed light tanks + mechanised infantry . 
  since the protesters have no tanks then the mbts are a waste of time . 
  a machine gun is better against people than a 2 pound gun . 
  i 'd rather face down a tank cannon than a machine gun on foot . 
  what does ireland have to do with the pira ? 
  you guys are n't to blame . 
  we offered to give you ni in ww2 but that would have just ended with uvs bombing dublin rather than piras bombing london . 
  well it is n't true it is all designed in the us . 
  in terms of processors it was the israeli arm of intel that saved them in the desktop market from the p4 debacle . 
  in terms of the arm core processors that dominate all the mobile devices . 
  designed in scotland . 
   the fruits of scientific progress are accepted , with the government helping , instead of encumbering . 
  example - gmo research is practically dead in europe due to absurd regulatory hurdles . 
  just read about amflora , what a shame . 
  this drastically misunderstands the european position with respect to the american on . 
  the us sees environmental damage as an issue of compensation . 
  they do enough research to ensure that it is n't likely to cause problems then let court cases cover the outliers . 
  the eu uses the precautionary principle . 
  roughly speaking the eu position is that gmo will be a benefit for the next 10k years . 
  we do n't need to rush it . 
  it also is partially resisted because of how cap works . 
  any saving from gmo will not be passed onto consumers because prices are effectively fixed anyway . 
  you missed the shawshank redemption . 
   i do n't think it 's unfair to say that many western european infantry soldiers are just as well trained , and in some cases , better trained than us . 
  well it is a matter of priority . 
  in general terms the sas are better than all the us special forces . 
  only two people ever tested from the whole body of us special forces ever passed the basic requirements of the sas iirc . 
  however that is n't the cause for great celebration many make it to be . 
  the sas ( and their much maligned cousins in the sbs ) are the special forces for the uk . 
  if there is a terrorist attack that needs to be dealt with the sas lead the counter . 
  if there is some long running campaign that needs special operatives on the ground ( the original raison d'etre of the sas ) then we have the sas . 
  the sas manage training operations in other countries . 
  if there is anything special about the task we use the sas . 
  the us has specialised forces .
