   what would uk reaction be if wales was about to join a russian or chinese union ? 
  russia is n't socialist enough for wales comrade . 
  that is n't how it works . 
  russia hands russian passports to the population of areas it wants to annex . 
  russia is a great power . 
  it is n't a super power like the british empire was and the us is . 
  there are legal differences . 
  granted if crimea really does want to leave the ukraine the situation changes . 
  that should be subject to a proper referendum though . 
  russia has a treaty recognising ukrainian ownership of the crimea . 
  serbia were actively oppressing kosovo . 
  i do n't think the nazi 's would have been undefeated . 
  i think they would have had a lesser defeat that possibly would have preserved the regime and recognised their ownership of austria and the sudetenland . 
  right now russia does n't even have a cannon that could puncture the armour of the british and us mbts . 
  china does n't have much naval power either . 
  on the seas russia would struggle against france . 
  talking about the ussr winning the war is reductionist to the extreme . 
  without the rn blockading the continent and restricting the german supply of critical resources the wehrmacht would have been much stronger . 
  without us lend lease support of everything including food , tents and trucks the red army would n't even be able to operate . 
  the un does n't have to do anything . 
  unsc is not necessary for a defensive war . 
  it is only a necessity in random intervention . 
  if ukraine asks for help then the west can legally give it without the un having a say . 
  in all this china is the outlier . 
  i 'd want to know what china feel about the whole situation before any action is taken . 
  comparing modern russia to the ussr is n't reasonable . 
  very different situations and politics . 
  this is more like the pre-ussr russian status quo . 
  i 'd say it is beyond non-zero . 
  it is effectively almost 100 % dependent upon time scales . 
  an immediate eu entry with opt outs comparable to the uk is more tricky . 
  that is the real issue . 
  talking about whether scotland can enter the eu as an absolute is a bit strange . 
  the eu has moved heaven and earth to expand historically . 
  i mean the eu more or less helped greece fiddle the books so it could enter . 
  germany has wanted market liberalisation for some time . 
  however they do n't want the political mess of having to fight for it themselves . 
  in the uk we are happy to be the one everyone hates . 
  there are official treaties in place whereby russia recognised the post ussr transfer of the crimea to ukraine in perpetuity . 
  if they are n't russian i assume moscow would have no problem if ukraine went in and killed them ? 
  it depends what you mean by `` eu '' . 
  britain , france and germany have the power to fight russia . 
  combined a vastly larger population , greater military spending and more advanced technology . 
  whether they could be arsed intervening in ukraine is another issue . 
  the eu is a talking shop on military matters . 
  as i understand it even the pro-russian ukrainians and pro-ukrainian independence first and foremost . 
  i think it is much longer term than that . 
  russia is asking the question `` what if the eu actually did become a nation ? '' . 
  it is setting policy based upon the concept that the eu does become a nation . 
  which would in turn create a super power that makes the ussr look like it was a toy empire . 
  russia does n't want the eu , which might one day be a superpower , sitting on its borders . 
  if i was a billionaire i 'd collect lenin statues and put them in my garden . 
  some people get gnomes . 
  imagine a giant chess set , all with lenin 's . 
  the pawn and the queen look the same because of socialism !, 
  no our winter olympics is embarrassing enough without factoring in a population of 60m . 
  obviously the correct system is to weight the table by the specie price of the medals . 
  0 is 0 no matter what you multiply it by . 
   the commission is already put forward by the european council of national leaders and elected by the european parliament . 
  am i missing something ? 
  i 'm saying we remove the former part . 
   that is unheard of in any democracy , unless you are thinking of a presidential system ( as in the ukraine ) , but i clearly think that is not suitable for the eu . 
  the us has such a system . 
  if not directly elected they should be appointed by the european parliament . 
  swine is the type of word you 'd use in the uk while bitching at your grand kids . 
  put that down you little swine !, 
   what 's `` undemocratic '' about than ? 
  it is a representative of representative of representative democracy . 
  i 'm no fan of referenda for every issue but when you have a commission representative of governments who are in turn representative of parliaments who are representative of people you are too far from the direct public mandate . 
  there are all sorts of issues that arise because of this . 
  like governments using the eu to pass laws that would never get passed their local parliaments . 
  as more and more power ends up with the eu you have a problem . 
  eventually direct election of the commission needs to happen . 
  swine would be a pretty tame swear word in britain . 
  the whole concept is crazy . 
  next you 'll be planning to evacuate the continent using expropriated canal barges . 
  i just looked at the blob chart from page 6 that first link . 
  you could plot any line you want on a scatter graph like that . 
  honestly this is supposed to be scientific ? 
  there is no correlation to have in a scatter plot that looks like the flying spaghetti monster . 
  this is statistical illiteracy used to back a preconceived position . 
  for those who ca n't read the pdf , here is the chart that demonstrates a link once and for all http://i.imgur.com/gnbqena.png as you can see the actual data points vary between + / -2 on this chart . 
  the line runs between + / -0.1 which is just about completely divorced from the data points . 
  what on earth we are supposed to take from this noise graph is beyond me but it concerns me when people try to plot noise and claim their result is meaningful . 
   edit : i accept downvote , if you explain why . 
  lack of evidence . 
  this type of thing keeps getting stated . 
  i see no proper studies into it . 
  i could say most prostitutes are actually martians who are planning an invasion . 
  it is hard to have evidence of a problem which largely does n't exist anyway . 
  despite all the scare stories there has never been any real proof that human trafficking in the sex industry is this huge problem . 
  human trafficking is definitely a problem but it is generally for more traditional slavery rather than sex slavery . 
  prices in the sex industry are high enough that you do n't have to force a person into it against their will assuming it is legally possible to some degree . 
  i much prefer churchill 's views on pigs . 
  cats look down upon us . 
  dogs look up at us . 
  pigs see us as equals . 
  it was about more than a loan . 
  russia was fiddling with oil and gas prices as they love to do . 
  ukraine wanted some help in dealing with russian punitive trade practices during the interim .
