  nuclear would give them a huge trade surplus . 
  the point is the idea they were unprepared is false . 
  blitzkrieg or not the germans could not have won if the allies had reached berlin before germany reached warsaw . 
  homer was born in modern day turkey . 
  well that is n't technically true . 
  as any pole will point out there were detailed plans on what to do . 
  including exactly how long poland had to hold out for us to reach berlin . 
  poland vastly exceeded the parameters of their end of the deal ( they lasted twice as long as the plan mandated ) . 
  we just did n't follow up . 
  the issue was entirely political . 
  many were hoping that the nazis would march through warsaw on their way to moscow . 
  they did n't understand that the ussr had already made their own plans . 
  there was a huge amount of political dissension that did n't vanish until hitler was in paris . 
  yeah they can just start eating into the fund while oil prices are low . 
  the french tanks were heavier and hit harder than the germans . 
  germany did n't get a technological lead until around 41 when the heavier units started rolling in . 
  the political leadership in the west did n't know what the hell it wanted . 
  half of them were still intent on seeing if hitler could kill the commies for us . 
  a bunch were ultra-nats with nazi sympathies . 
  belgium was left uncovered entirely to force germany through belgium . 
  this was calculated to give britain an additional reason to join the war . 
  after all in ww1 our friendship with france was n't the reason we joined . 
  it was the invasion of belgium . 
  the funny thing about the napoleonic wars is we went through all that effort . 
  then a few decades later france went republic again and we decided `` cool , friends ? 
  concorde was built in the era where people were talking about energy being so cheap we 'd use it like water . 
  then nuclear reactors blew up in a few places and arab nations went on oil strikes . 
  the combination killed concorde . 
  the interesting thing is there was nothing wrong with the french army in ww2 . 
  the french soldiers were not the problem . 
  generals and politicians who were n't entirely certain what their goal was caused the fall of france . 
  his general approval ratings were in the dirt before he left office . 
  my personal feelings on blair are pretty irrelevant . 
  he is n't liked by people at large and thus is a danger to anyone he supports . 
  tbh he 's a god send for the eurosceptics . 
  it is like being supported by satan . 
  if blair said puppies were cute there 'd be british people murdering them by the end of the day . 
  hollande-rutte pact, 
  on the contrary , if there is a russian collapse there 'll probably be an absurd bail out of the russia public this time . 
  last time they sold their nation to criminals and somehow blamed us for it . 
  well he did pretty much set up the parliamentary system everyone takes for granted . 
  the commonwealth might not have outlived him but when the english civil war kicked off parliament was a body that met only when the king wanted to borrow money . 
  by the end it was an institution that met on an ongoing basis and had the sole power to raise all taxes and fund all armies . 
  without cromwell the constitution is literally unrecognisable . 
  somebody needs to label cromwell and the famine on this graph . 
  probably does n't need labels tbh . 
  it is worth noting that it is n't just iran being unfrozen . 
  if their nuclear energy program gets off the ground then iran can drastically reduce their internal oil consumption . 
  this means even more of what they pump will hit the international market . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  having american infrastructure running online communities is pretty irrelevant . 
  if two frenchman have a discussion about voltaire on a new york subway is that an example of american culture influencing french people ? 
  if it were due to american influence then english would have been the lingua franca in 1990 . 
  if anything americas cultural influence was much higher then than it is now . 
  it is more that the internet has led to actual international correspondence on a mass scale . 
  please blair . 
  we can manage this without your poisonous support . 
  bloody balkans !, 
  stay still so i can learn your geography !, 
  to be fair anyone driving something ridiculous gets looked at like they are from mars . 
  no door , only anschluss . 
   how do you have a cell phone ? 
  it is hilarious given that prior to the iphone the us was literally years behind europe in terms of mobile phone adoption . 
  i 'm going to say rui costa to every portuguese person i meet just to mix things up . 
  well we all remember that time russia and germany both drove north and met each other in the middle . 
  british incompetence also played a big part . 
  massive underestimation of the enemy and the situation . 
  to be fair he seems entirely conscious of this . 
  also a great deal of allied incompetent leadership ( i 'm looking at you gamelin ) . 
  which is hilarious given hitler famously advised us to execute gandhi . 
  to be fair that is an entirely reasonable belief . 
  so are you guys japanese , swedish or russian ? 
  right now there is a large majority in favour of remaining in an unreformed eu . 
  add in unspecified reforms and it swings to a  2:1 drubbing . 
  the polling is tracking towards an outright majority of british people being in favour of staying in . 
  the truth is current support levels are almost mirroring the height of euroscepticism . 
  the argument has already been won . 
  politicians have tied their political lives to austerity . 
  it wo n't go until the current politicians are retired . 
  also the line against greece has hardened largely because of how bad it is in greece . 
  people have had to either believe it is their fault for backing austerity or the fault of the greeks , naturally they absolved themselves of all blame . 
  i think greece has to leave the euro because preservation of democracy is more important than a few economic tremors . 
  the eurozone can work out how they can make the two fit together but greece needs to not be in the euro to do it . 
  it 'll be better for all sides at this point . 
  usually when economics trumps politics it takes a lost generation . 
  while people talk about the great depression there were literally 3/4 earth shattering depressions in about 60 years before change was finally made . 
  it might well take us a few more of these things before sanity comes . 
  unvaccinated children should be isolated from schools for the safety of their peers . 
  so no it should n't be their parents choice . 
  parents do n't have unlimited power in this regard anyway . 
  for instance doctors can overrule the objection of certain religious groups that refuse blood transfusions when it comes to their children . 
  obviously clapping is insensitive . 
  everyone needs to use sign language safe jazz hands . 
  yes but that tradition sprung up during the war on slavery . 
  a huge fuss was made that all our colonial armies were volunteer based . 
  they need to bring back the fine escalator they used against ms. 
  think conscription has a special hatred in the uk because it got linked in during our unilateral war on slavery . 
  it is recognised as potentially necessary but we 're not a nation that will ever be comfortable with peace time conscription . 
  we will not let these belgians threaten the integrity of belgium !, 
  the main british strategic objective was containment of the german navy .
