  there are also whole operations in the west dedicated to long term propaganda . 
  look at the murdoch empire . 
  it is nothing short of a private propaganda machine . 
  murdoch has ran a concerted campaign to destroy the european union for decades and in the uk he is winning . 
  the major difference is who is doing it and why . 
  in russia the government does it to control the people . 
  in the west private actors do it so they can control government via the people . 
  how do you think propaganda works ? 
  they do n't even have to be believed , just poison the debate with bullshit . 
  particularly with ukraine people were looking for an excuse to bury their heads in the sand . 
  the russian propaganda gives it to them . 
  to an extent it allows people to duck out of any moral responsibility for the crisis . 
  without the propaganda these people have to tell themselves `` it is n't in our interests so fuck the ukrainians '' . 
  with it people can say `` well this is complicated and half of ukraine properly belongs to russia anyway so we should n't even complain '' . 
  population matters in geopolitical reality . 
  nobody cares where greenland is because you could fit its population in my house . 
  you win a crab . 
  i got all those right ( thank you borat for teaching me that uzbekistan is next to kazakstan ) . 
  i tried every single one for brunei . 
  after i had seemingly exhausted all my options i looked it up . 
  turns out brunei is where i thought it was . 
  i just did n't notice the tiny fleck in amongst malaysia . 
  not a reasonable comparison . 
  the population of ukraine is larger than california . 
  utah has a smaller population than wales . 
   but really is there a point us citizens have to know the exact location even though its no where near us and has nothing to do with us and even if we do need to know the location itll take 1 sec to look up yes . 
  so we can identify those who play paradox games and those who are subhuman . 
  well we are burning political capital and germany are the most anxious to see us stay put . 
  we are n't exactly the only nation irritated by germany protecting their service market from competition . 
   do you mean that human suffering outsides the traditionally western countries , the long term allies does not matter ? 
  just that we care more about them among our friends than among not our friends . 
  of course it matters more that the people i choose as my closest confidants uphold the same basic principles than some strangers . 
  the crazy thing is this cherry picking will exclude us from any common services market . 
  the one thing we 'd be much better than the rest of the eu at . 
  admittedly the intransigence in germany against opening up the services market is annoying and damaging to the eu at large . 
  i actually ca n't understand why we are n't making this the grand stance of the uk rather than threatening to pull out of some legislation our public actually likes . 
   my friends in eastern europe , most of whom are comfortable with gay rights and feminism , have nevertheless noted to me many times that it 's odd that the u.s. government promotes such things in small , poor eastern european countries it can intimidate but never , say , in saudi arabia . 
  this is a common historical trait and should n't confuse anyone . 
  when britain was building its post napoleon coalitions it mandated that all its allies had to abolish slavery . 
  the death of the slave trade was considered as important to the british empire as post-modern thought is to the west today . 
  you can not be friends with us if you traded in people . 
  so france ( among others ) had to abolish slavery as part of the process to form the still standing alliance . 
  why not impose post modernism on saudi arabia then ? 
  we do n't care about them . 
  sa are friends of convenience . 
  the moment they run out of oil they have no place in the circle of the west . 
  why bother seeking long term ethical alignment with a friend of convenience ? 
  whether this is a good thing or not is open to debate . 
  when you ask the question of why poland are seen as natural allies of the west and saudi arabia are not you do n't get comfortable answers . 
  i think the idea is if you can demonstrate huge public support even in a non-binding fashion it makes life difficult for spain . 
  effectively catalonia at that point could do something like go on general strike or just refuse to recognise madrid until they are either defacto independent or force spain to take steps that would legitimise them going unilateral . 
  it does raise serious issues . 
  if you have an eu state a lot of the current members are already federations or confused unitary states like the uk . 
  i 'm certainly not keen on reversing devolution . 
  if there was a federal eu then suddenly you have three tiers of ` national ' government . 
  hostilities between ireland and the uk are done . 
  ni is a whole different issue . 
  if we unilaterally gave it to ireland tomorrow there would be blood in the streets . 
  i think eventually it might go independent and form a third state . 
  not our fault the latin alphabet has a shortage of glyphs . 
  no because we are going to steal all the words in this thread . 
  the rpg penetrated the lower armour of an m1a1 after a lucky hit . 
  this is n't a sensible datapoint since tanks always have weak lower armour . 
  unless russia is going red alert style with burrowing tanks or something this is n't an issue . 
   those atgms penetrate a merkava mk 4 and an abrams no they do n't . 
  the only time a missile has ever taken out an abrams was when one hit the bottom of the vehicle . 
  there are literally zero loses of these vehicles that did n't involve a lucky hit on the bottom of the vehicle or catching it with the hatch open . 
   western era designs are years behind what the russians are doing . 
  the west is n't chasing era at all . 
  the advantage of eras is they are cheaply added to old tank designs . 
  all the western tanks had to be redesigned from the ground up to use composites . 
  eras do n't have the battlefield sustainability of composite armours . 
  once you blow an era it is done . 
  you ca n't blast off the reactive plates twice . 
  whereas the composite armour does n't destroy itself in doing its job . 
  eras are also useless against simple cannons but excellent at dealing with missiles . 
  russia pursuing eras makes all the sense in the world but in no way is it comparable to composites . 
  the west can not afford a model in which a tank can survive one hit . 
   shit , the soviets came up with composite armor fierst on the t-64 . 
  composites are a class of armour with all manner of varieties . 
  the soviet version is lightyears behind the chobham armour used in the west . 
   atgms atgms are only used by russia because the ussr could n't make a decent gun . 
  they are completely useless against composite armour . 
  in fact composite armour was specifically designed to defeat atgms and the variety of he and shaped explosives that could be delivered by missile . 
  explosive reactive armour is pretty old fashioned and is not in any way comparable to the types of armour used by the west . 
  there is a reason armour of this type is sparingly used in nato forces and it is n't because we do n't understand how the magic works . 
  russia has chased the inferior era because they were never able to achieve the types of results nato were getting with composites . 
  the price of outfitting 2k tanks with real composites is just too high ( unless you are the us ) . 
  russia instead decided to take the cheap option . 
  iirc when the government buildings were seized it was quickly pointed out that the people were fascists and there was very mixed support on it . 
  the `` coup '' was supported because yanukovich had a hundred or so peaceful protesters shot . 
   i do n't remember russians taking control of entire europe when they took down napoleon while going all the way to france . 
  it is n't as if prussia and austria were defenceless in all this . 
  russia did in fact try to take the bulk of the territory that sided with napoleon ( i.e. 
  poland ) . 
  if they had tried to take germany the prussians and austrians would have laughed at them . 
  in fact it was only with prussian support that they were able to take most of poland . 
  the congress of vienna almost turned into a new war of britain , austria and france against russia and prussia . 
  it did end up with the british empire coming away with a policy of containment against russia which they did very successfully for nearly a century . 
  tbh the whole concept of superpower needs a rethink .
