  we are n't spain and do n't imprison our substates . 
  as it is it seems to be that if it does n't happen now it never will . 
  the older generation are in favour of leaving and the younger are against . 
  that said the older generation tends to vote in greater numbers . 
  that is perhaps the one hope of the independence movement right now . 
  to be fair they ca n't cheer on the brownshirts every day . 
  our media is easier to understand if you treat it like rough toilet paper rather than a source of information . 
  might order a crate later . 
  my mothers birthday is in a few weeks . 
  russia has a strategic outlook which is essentially impossible in the modern world . 
  that will make you look silly . 
  nah the tories have stopped cutting government expenditure . 
  they 've gone for the smallest amount of austerity they possibly can without looking silly . 
  capital expenditure has gone back up and their focus has moved onto cutting the structural deficit rather than the real one . 
  you ca n't spend 12 months shouting `` well we are n't actually cutting anything '' and then turn around and praise the cuts when the economy improves . 
  of course the real question is if the tories new found wisdom will stand up after election . 
  i 'm still going to vote against them because their rhetoric is still that of a slash and burn government . 
  i 'd actually be praising them if their words and actions had any sort of resemblance . 
  a disproportionate amount of science has come out of the uk though . 
  a lot of this stuff is cultural hold over . 
  there is nothing particular about the institutions other than their reputation . 
  this reputation draws in the best which in turn maintains the reputation . 
  a lot of the great work done in british institutes is done by foreigners . 
  they have to come here to work with the other foreigners who came here for the same reason . 
  i think the whole conflict ( and in a wider sense the whole last decade + of foreign policy ) has exposed the irrelevancy of the un system and the lack of adequate alternative . 
  i do n't believe that because the unsc is a joke that we are thus free to attack whatever territory takes our fancy for whatever reason we desire ( i.e. 
  the bush doctrine ) . 
  otoh i think that even justifiable conflict might be impossible because of the unsc as it stands . 
  i believe we are approaching a turning point in history . 
  the west will need to rethink how it approaches intervention . 
  the current standard is n't acceptable and will see politicians derailed by popular anger as we saw in the uk . 
  if politicians want to pursue intervention on honest grounds there needs to be a new form of legitimacy . 
  britain is very skilled at crashing world economy . 
  money will not help you deutschland . 
  i like that a tiny section of france and spain belongs to nobody . 
  britain built a navy to keep you lot out !, 
  ww1 was about ensuring our naval blockade of the icky continent would not be interrupted by reckless german ambition !, 
  as it stands we are much too close to france . 
  we need to draw nice lines to remind ourselves of our northern superiority over france . 
  there is a reason up is better !, 
  what is point of kebab without beer ? 
  turkey is a confused country . 
  tbh like most things we drink too much of everything to ever be number one . 
  it is like how britain comes something like third on the coffee and tea consumption lists independently . 
  most nations do one or the other . 
  we drink huge amounts of both . 
  although british alcohol consumption is n't especially high . 
  we just tend to do it all in 4 hours on the weekend . 
  britain is obviously on the mighty continent of britannia !, 
  fundamentally democracy is the idea that the permanent population of a state should have direct say in who the leaders of that state are or directly in forming law itself . 
  this is different to a republic which needs only to take its legitimacy from the people and have the processes of law a public matter . 
  issues about territorial integrity are another kettle of fish altogether . 
  whether a city has the right to declare itself not part of a state is a completely separate issue to democracy . 
  for instance if that city was run by an hereditary noble does he have the right to separate that city from his liege ? 
  it is the same question and the legitimacy of the system of government used does n't really matter . 
  to be fair the germans made the war of the 5 kings look like a lack of royal family . 
  people literally were drawing circles and declaring themselves king of that circle . 
  worse the germans for some reason took this seriously !, 
  belgium has a clear cut identity as a british excuse to declare war on germany . 
  britain has more influence than russia . 
  at least while we are still in the eu . 
  to be fair they only live here because they are afraid of getting shot ... 
  in russia . 
  they 've been bailed out by the council enough . 
  the cypriot issue is interesting . 
  the main reason the uk did n't intervene was because the us isolated us after vietnam . 
  the current situation is mostly about the us punishing us for not killing children in vietnam . 
  of course the whole situation is screwed up and it would have ended up with either british or turkish armies there on a permanent basis . 
  you are now on 7 different government lists sandrocket . 
  ok he shot a captive in the back . 
  clear cut war crime . 
  when are we casting off the fa\u00e7ade and forming the first european empire ? 
  if we announce this early it might swing the uk referendum !, 
  most of the media will be pro-european when the chips are down . 
  murdoch will come out against . 
  norway and switzerland do n't imagine themselves as key players in world politics . 
  nobody asks if norway are going to take part in syria . 
  i used to like the wink nod system we had with ireland in ww2 . 
  they were technically neutral . 
  both british and german pows ( ireland captured any downed pilots ) were given the complete freedom of ireland and a bicycle . 
  one of these nations shares a border with ireland . 
  the british army would even hand back any british soldiers who were caught in northern ireland with strict instructions to escape better next time . 
  for me just painting this as `` oh it is like bosnia/iraq '' is missing the point entirely . 
  the whole mechanism by which the world is policed is currently broken . 
  there is no consensus on what is appropriate intervention or not . 
  we can point to the russian and chinese autoveto and obviously say the unsc is n't working . 
  at the same time the fact the unsc does n't work was used to justify iraq . 
  what is clear is a new convention needs to exist on military action in the modern world . 
  one which brings in voices like germany and japan that got sidelined during the last time this was decided . 
  one which deals with the issue of the perma-veto without then saying that all intervention is justified . 
  one that properly outlines the various responsibilities of the participants ( i.e. 
  the old question about europe free riding ) . 
  it is particularly important because in the absence of any real international authority you will not get a mandate at home . 
  at least with a un vote a pm or president has just cause to overlook popular support and cite international obligations . 
  yeah and the actual policy is like nothing either party proposed . 
  we stuck to the tory/labour policy for about a year and it was a disaster . 
  we have since moved away from it . 
  the real question is what those parties do now . 
  if the tories actually admitted to the change in policy i 'd feel less anxious about them getting credit for it . 
  all signs suggest they 'll go back to actual austerity if they win the next election .
