  base tax means you can merc up and let that russian manpower crash against lines of disposable foreigners . 
   it 'll go straight back to the house of representatives , instead of just being delayed before it reaches the president . 
  in the uk it goes back twice . 
  a third pass means the lords can not block it . 
  maybe this is too weak . 
  i think the system as you describe it gives the senate no encouragement to negotiate in good faith since it can just block stuff forever . 
  the lords otoh is crippled so it sticks to oversight rather than driving direction . 
  i think the eu needs to establish an insurance fund for itself . 
  i do n't see germany ever agreeing to any kind of strict fiscal liability given what has happened on reunification . 
  so there needs to be some kind of ahead of time fund that every eurozone nation pays into to guarantee the eurozone against future crises . 
  this would at least allow merkel to argue to voters that greece have paid for their bail out ahead of time . 
  even if in truth it would still be an underhanded form of fiscal transfer . 
  western leaders can call him out and are with sanctions . 
  they just wo n't do anything beyond peace time measures . 
  that was already known by all sides before this started . 
  what has surprised russia is the west is gearing up for a generation of ostracising russia . 
  putin seems to have assumed that once the situation in ukraine was an established fact that the west would decide to favour slightly cheaper energy over punishing russia . 
  nobody in russia really thought they 'd get cold war 2 out of this . 
  we 've appeased them in the past when they invaded georgia and they expected the same with this conflict . 
  you 've just explained why a currency union without a fiscal union does n't work . 
  personally i prefer to use ac/20s at short range . 
   i think that ireland did take up the uk 's offer ( which was on better terms than the eu loan and the imf loan ) and this reduced the amount that ireland was required to borrow from the eu and the imf . 
  i think ireland did n't actually mind being massively indebted to the uk that much . 
  i thought the actual bail out package was a multilateral one but with the uk being a larger part than we normally would have been . 
  originally we more or less offered a unilateral bail out but i believe that was on the understanding that ireland would use the offer as leverage when negotiating with the rest of the eu . 
  the us has the balance right imo . 
  they have a bicameral house like the uk except their lords is equally representative on a state basis . 
  so rhode island gets the same amount of veto power as texas whereas each individual american gets the same amount of say in decisions actually being made . 
  so political direction by flat representation . 
  amendment and veto by state representation . 
  i 'm not sure what powers the us system gives for dealing with an intransigent senate . 
  in the uk the lords veto is effectively a suspensory veto . 
  did n't you guys delay the formation of germany because bavaria were being special snowflakes ? 
  something about bavaria insisting on defending their own borders and prussia totally trusting that they were capable of doing so . 
   we would then betray them at any opportunity because they are the welsh . 
  to be fair this is the most welsh thing you could do . 
  every decision was going to create a disaster with the independence of ireland . 
  the uvs openly threatened carnage across britain if we pressed ahead with a unified free ireland . 
  as it is we got that carnage anyway and would have been better off sticking with an unpartitioned ireland . 
  the current situation is literally the only viable way forward imo . 
  thankfully the people of northern ireland seem to agree . 
   as far as we are concerned the gfa and subsequent referendum was us telling the north to fuck off and sort their shit out by themselves . 
  interestingly that is how its seen in britain . 
  decades of madness have convinced everyone that northern ireland should belong to anyone other than them . 
  we have but lets be clear , the eurozone has still not resolved the fundamental problems with the euro . 
  you wo n't get anyone to agree to join it when the next economic crash will raise all the same issues all over again . 
  well to the largest extent it does but that is because manufacturers are lazy bastards . 
  which is why a grading system with penalty levies on low grade cleaners would have been better . 
  i was referring more to the whole company tea thing . 
  transitioning an economy ( from dirigism to liberalism ) is painful . 
  not even france have been able to do it from a position of strength . 
  to change italy you 'd need to take on the established interests that have been around for centuries . 
  to change ireland you had to do what ? 
  they were starting largely from scratch after independence . 
  they had a free hand to fix things . 
  it is also worth noting that ireland 's economy had decades of pain to get where it is . 
  unit labour is roughly productivity/average wage . 
  the actions of neighbours is a big differentiating factor . 
  britain more or less offered ireland a sizeable low rate loan immediately . 
  i do n't think it was taken up ( obviously ireland does n't want to be in the position of being massively indebted to britain ) but the mere offer alters the playing field . 
  suddenly everyone is looking at ireland with a view that britain would intervene financially rather than let it fall into the ground . 
  this suppresses interest rates . 
  investors know that ireland is less risky . 
  comparatively the way greece 's neighbours operated drastically increased the risks greece faced . 
  the recovery of greece was actually dramatically hurt by the way the whole thing unfolded . 
  if germany had done what britain did with ireland , immediately offered a low cost loan , then their interest rates would never have reached the levels they did . 
  obviously the irish economy was less risky anyway . 
  you could make the argument that we had an easier decision to make because the irish really are n't in a bad shape overall . 
  i said we had our fair share , not a monopoly . 
  we only monopolise tea . 
  that +1 base tax is too good to pass up . 
   but did they contribute more than the average brit ? 
  yes . 
  eu migrants are generally more useful to the tax man than the average brit . 
  it is n't the only thing that matters of course . 
  tbh the vacuum cleaner law was a bit ill thought out . 
  what they should have done is produce a grading system like we have with fridges with charges for the less efficient ones . 
  the intention of the vacuum cleaner law was good but the implementation seemed as if it were designed by politicians . 
  the eu has all sorts of issues to deal with before further integration can be considered tbh . 
  remember france , the netherlands and ireland all voted against . 
  what the eu needs is consolidation rather than integration . 
  sadly we have our fair share of stupid people in the uk . 
  service sector integration is a big one and it is a pity cameron is wasting effort talking about stuff we 'll never get instead of this . 
  russia only wants to help slavic brother with gas bill . 
  less gas , less bill . 
  none of the current strains show enough of a compelling advantage to warrant it frankly . 
  the us has jumped the gun on gm . 
  the reason we do n't have it is because no benefit was demonstrated . 
  they need to start doing tourist trips to swim in the wine lakes . 
  poland can into inventing shish kebab though . 
  it is the largest pile available for bribery . 
  so who actually supports it then ? 
   yet almost nothing on how many rockets were launched at israeli cities . 
  that is because for the most part the rockets were near enough silent for two years while israel kept expanding settlements . 
  hamas actually did a good job at keeping a lid on everything . 
  they were given nothing in return . 
  what are news stations supposed to do . 
  repeat each day `` no rockets today '' . 
  israel was dropping more ordinance each day that their cities received in a decade . 
  nah you just have retractable wings to give you down force !,
