  the only way to actually bring about the eu people want is to mend the relationship between britain and france . 
  however economically we are at extreme ends and that makes it near enough impossible . 
  france coerced germany because of reunification . 
  they feared a reunified germany and wanted to make germany forever dependent on the rest of europe to maintain a balance of power . 
  this is n't even controversial . 
  the euro was a direct condition of reunification . 
  the 90s was one of the biggest periods of growth in the british economy in history . 
  frankly you are talking bollocks . 
  the problem in the 70s was low productivity . 
  nothing to do with the strength of the pound . 
  yes devaluation did n't change anything because it did n't treat the problem . 
  however it did n't cause problems either . 
  the last 50 years where britain has for the most part being one of the richest nations on the planet ? 
  if anything the biggest problem with the uk has been an overpriced pound . 
  britain is and has been at the extreme end of the scale when talking about the strength of currency . 
  this is how turkey joins the eu . 
  conquer cyprus , move capital to nicosia , culture shift into turkish cypriot , join eu . 
  no it is n't . 
  cyprus is disputed territory which the uk under the auspices of the lon wisely decided greece , turkey and the uk can all both claim and not claim simultaneously . 
  the worlds first ever quantum entangled territory . 
  the solution seems obvious to me . 
  cyprus changes the law so it is no longer an oligarch haven . 
  the money will leave anyway now . 
  locking it out is n't a problem . 
  in exchange they get bailed out . 
  nobody is then protecting or reinforcing russian mafia types . 
  spain has always had semi-nationalised football clubs . 
  a while back spain bought the madrid training ground and then built them a new one for free . 
  it makes a farce when the sfa kicked out rangers over perfectly legal tax avoidance . 
  it was none the less against their rules . 
  then spain basically bails out their football clubs . 
  creates special laws so they do n't pay tax . 
  about bloody time there was a level playing field in football . 
  tbh this is like saying `` we are going to walk across this beam over a chasm , do n't look down and you 'll be fine '' . 
  yes if everyone acts against human nature and is heroically brave i 'm sure stuff will work out fine . 
  i think it is that if you took away their debt then they are solid . 
  they are in a position where they would n't become a problem tomorrow if europe engineered a moratorium or a bail out . 
  ok i 'll use that . 
  maybe this should be a subreddit recommendation or something ? 
  just so we are n't all inventing new acronyms to be non-insulting . 
  this is exaggerated . 
  it is n't irrational to assume that if it can happen to cyprus it can happen to others . 
  the fear is not the problem . 
  the action is . 
  it is like saying the fear of being chased by a tiger is the problem . 
  no it is n't . 
  being chased by a tiger is the problem . 
  people run to the confidence fairy far too quickly to explain economic action . 
  if the eu is willing to enforce actions as in cyprus then naturally you need to re-evaluate your risks across the board . 
  there is no such thing as a `` one off '' . 
  if anything history has taught us that one offs tend to be norms . 
  it does highlight the point that the size is n't everything though . 
  lehman 's toppled a system that was much larger than lehman 's . 
  portugal , ireland , italy , greece , spain . 
  yes you can only willingly leave but there is also no mechanism to leave the euro . 
  the only mechanism is to leave the eu altogether . 
  the point is the only way forward for these nations other than a shift in german policies is to leave the euro . 
  as it stands they can only do that by leaving the entire union . 
  for an alternative where they are in the union but out of the euro requires action from the members to create a mechanism for that . 
  also until britain leaves or does n't it has a vote on the matter like everyone else . 
  it also still has a relevant position in the northern political block . 
  hmm it is obviously a tad insulting but it is a clear cut way of stating what we are talking about that everyone understands . 
  i think it could see the eu shrink . 
  it really depends on what germany and france think about the giips leaving the eurozone but not the eu . 
  the uk would happily vote in favour as would the entire northern block . 
  germany and france are the ones that lose out . 
  germany loses its easy exports because it has to compete with weaker giips currencies . 
  france loses its political unity . 
  if neither of them budges we could see those nations leave the eu altogether . 
  certainly being in the eurozone without a transfer union is not viable for them . 
  the alternative is for germany to accept that it has to give back some of the wealth the euro is creating for it . 
  it will lose that wealth one way or another anyway . 
  this in turn would have to be backed by a rebalancing of the german economy so it is n't so export heavy . 
  then the giips would have to clean up their mess as well . 
  if we could get some eu agreement on how to handle tax exporting i 'd like to see us tax profit taking . 
  corporations keeping their money in the corporation is fine . 
  it is good because it 'll reduce tax avoidance . 
  our tax take will probably go up because of this . 
  tax revenue will go up because of this . 
  the problem with corporation tax in a trade block is companies buy a block of land in ireland and call it their hq . 
  then they pay corporation tax there . 
  this will encourage them to set their hq where their actual operations are . 
  tbh there is a good argument for reducing corporation tax to zero and increasing corporate national insurance . 
  you ca n't export that so it goes in line with where your operations are . 
  i 'd also increase cgt . 
  it is an excellent article and highlights the fear here . 
  we 've moved on from a collapse of the banking system . 
  we 've gone past the point of an enduring recession because of economic illiteracy . 
  we are now at the point where the union itself might well not survive the next decade because of this . 
  the article has it right imo . 
  the likes of the golden dawn and five star movement are the beginning . 
  at some point a major party will see political advantage in assuming their position or one of these groups will get a major breakthrough . 
  we are facing a potential break up of the union and a return to the bad days all so a few can play wishy washy economic ethics ( which are themselves questionable ) . 
  fault is n't at question . 
  what should be readily apparent is germany benefit greatly from the euro and will lose out badly if all the giips drop out . 
  there seems to be this belief that a drop out is bad for those countries and good for germany . 
  this is not the case . 
  if those nations drop out it will hurt germany by far the most and those nations will benefit the most . 
  this calls into question the entire plan around europe . 
  the political picture is turning .
