  they come by spending more money . 
  they save it next year . 
  it is n't sale of electricity . 
  the electricity is almost sold at a loss . 
  the real money is in enrichment . 
  all the profit in the nuclear energy market is made by the guy who takes natural uranium , enriches it and then sells it to a power plant ( or to a medical facility ) . 
  that is what france do not want competitors in . 
  it is also why iran is determined to have enrichment capability . 
  there is absolutely zero good reason to run a nuclear sector if you do n't enrich your own uranium . 
  it is just expensive energy otherwise . 
  when they make offers to iran of buying enriched uranium they are essentially offering iran the opportunity to pay vast sums of money , to no strategic benefit in terms of energy safety , to not be a competitor with the established nuclear industries . 
  it makes no sense at all which is precisely why they rejected it . 
  of course france is blocking a deal . 
  iran wants to be a competitor with the french nuclear industry . 
  that was always the french concern . 
  i 'd say welsh separatism is weird . 
  it has its supporters certainly . 
  probably about 20 % of the population at the highest though i think it is lower right now . 
  at large wales is probably the most unionist of the british nations ( i 'll ignore ni for now , their unionism is weird ) . 
  otoh wales is the most republican region of britain ( i 'll ignore ni , their republicanism is weird ) . 
  i 've always said that the difference between welsh and scottish separatism is the relationship with the monarchy . 
  the snp took republicanism off the agenda because a lot of separatists are also monarchists . 
  in wales an independence movement would probably get stronger by pushing republicanism . 
  which is why pc like to call the queen `` mrs windsor '' in the welsh assembly ( with the am inevitably getting kicked out of the days session ) . 
  / / edit - on top of this it is worth noting that the idea of wales as one place is a bit of a modern construction as well . 
  the only coherent unity wales ever enjoyed was under the roman empire and later under england/gb . 
  italy and germany . 
  as relatively new nations . 
  it 'd be sad to see italy split up though . 
  they spent centuries as the whipping boys of europe when they were independent . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of these germany separatist movements are french ideas . 
  it wo n't be good for the financial industries . 
  they like trading in europe as well . 
  our absence as worlds greatest power gives us international crises . 
  if germany left the eu but not the eurozone then effectively all eu members of the euro would be given a bunch of printed euros every year to again correct the balance . 
  no because the uk and france are n't actively seeking to crush its own worker costs . 
  well the uk is right now but that is mainly that we 've already given up this argument and are preparing to get involved in a race to the floor with germany . 
  except we can actually win because we are n't tied to greece . 
  in all likelihood if german wages rose we 'd see the uk policy change . 
  especially because it is being argued on the ground that your lot are doing the same thing . 
  german artificial manpower costs would be adjusted by exchange rates . 
  effectively if germany left the euro the dm would immediately explode in value relative to the euro . 
  no matter how hard the german government tried to undermine german wages and benefits to get costs down the dm would appreciate by roughly the same amount to keep balance . 
  thus trade deficits naturally vanish by exchange rate readjustments . 
  it is nothing to do with products . 
  it is to do with german economic fiddling that suppresses internal manpower costs . 
  the famous competitive reforms the germans like to talk about was them shitting on their workers pay . 
  the german population simply can not afford to buy us products because of their own government . 
  worse their government tells them this policy will help alleviate these problems when it is the bloody cause of them . 
  no matter what the us does they can not sell to germany . 
  all the us can do in counter is also shit on the standard of living of their citizens in a race to the bottom . 
  this is precisely why people are opposed . 
  inevitably the only way to counter what germany are doing is to gut your own citizenry . 
  which will hurt germany a lot but reduce the amount of pain slightly that those countries are feeling . 
  in the end nobody wins . 
  what people want is for the german population to reap the rewards of their huge surplus and thus improve their own lot . 
  that will restore balance . 
  rather than perpetually keeping your own people slightly less well off so you can hurt everyone else . 
  what people want is for more of germany 's wealth to be passed onto its consumers so they can spend money . 
  this will reduce the overall surplus and restore balance . 
  the best ones are where there are anglicised names of towns and then completely different names in wales . 
  to go in the opposite direction . 
  one off hand is abergavenny . 
  an obvious anglicised welsh name that means mouth of the river gavenny . 
  this anglicised name appeared so long ago that a new name in welsh appeared . 
  y fenni is the welsh name for the town . 
  so you end up with a bilingual sign with two obviously welsh and different names on it . 
  we can already simulate those people using advanced lobotomies . 
  it is an interesting project . 
  if it succeeds do we then have the right to turn the simulation off ? 
  because germany already has a community of turks which will make migration into germany much easier ? 
  also some of this stuff is obviously irrational . 
  do n't expect politics and reality to ever meet . 
  yes . 
  germany also does n't want turkish migration in the eu . 
  it seems to me that turkey right now is further away than it has ever been . 
  the whole process is a farce anyway , i can never see france and germany allowing it for their own reasons . 
  i personally would love to have turkey in the union . 
  they would drastically add to the power of the union , soft and hard , while also giving us a clearer avenue of interest to the middle east . 
  also i think having a moderate muslim country in the union would be a good thing for the long term relationship between the western ( i 'll avoid saying christian as an atheist ) world and the muslim world . 
  i doubt his position as 1735th in line for the throne or whatever it is helps him much . 
  i suspect i have about as much chance of being a king as cameron . 
  it is an interesting fact that the current pm is from a noble enough family to know roughly how many people need to die for him to become king though . 
  he gave most of them their jobs . 
  just be mates with cameron and work for the government . 
   primus inter pares i think the eu will have multiples of these . 
  some nations are just better suited to leadership in some areas than others . 
  for instance on matters of defence the uk and france will currently be taken more seriously than anyone else . 
  having actually fired a gun in anger in recent times . 
  to be frank it is impossible to not have a laissez faire language without some commanding body . 
  look at how punctuation has evolved . 
  how many people can use a semi-colon properly ? 
  the problem is you end up with the west-lothian question on a grand scale . 
  we already have eurozone members telling us that financial sector regulation is purely a matter for the eurozone . 
  which is of course insanity . 
  if they distributed their wealth more evenly they 'd likely be richer . 
  i 'd say the euro was pretty fundamental . 
  to the point where it is debatable if there is even one eu anymore . 
  i 'm not advocating ignoring laws . 
  the ecb was created with a duty to keep inflation at 2 % .
