  has it ? 
  we 've confirmed that ukraine is in a mess and probably needs some kind of special tri-party agreement if we are to hit all the local and global political concerns . 
  frankly it is irrelevant while foreign policy is in doubt . 
  if russia had rolled tanks into kiev , who would be in support of intervention ? 
  britain and france maybe . 
  the eastern members , terrified of their own future and looking for a precedent certainly . 
  i do n't think any other nation would be in favour in the eu . 
  we 'd be dependent on the americans again . 
  it is interesting really . 
  we refused to give ukraine help early on . 
  now they need much , much more and have a painful political transition to go through with it . 
  prevention as always better than cure . 
  they were real . 
  until the rains came to wales and all the dragons were extinguished . 
  hey look the astrology worked !, 
  i 'm an eusceptic about some things . 
  i 'm pro-eu about others . 
  yes debates are more adversarial . 
  clegg has experience with true adversarial politics while farage is a novice in truth . 
  it is relatively common that demagogues can come unstuck in a proper adversarial debate with an experienced speaker . 
  the distinction is that such debates are for the middle ground and clegg is likely able to appeal to moderation more than farage will . 
  the kind of wild eyed populism that sounds good to your own core and works for moderates without opposition can be made to look silly with another guy next to you drawing a contrast . 
  that is n't that it is a safe play . 
  i suspect it is clegg betting the house . 
  he does n't really have much of a future if we leave the eu anyway . 
  his party have aligned themselves so closely to the eu that it would be a crushing defeat that they actually would never recover from . 
   the spanish government have given no indication whatsoever that they will allow catalonians , basques or anyone else even the peaceful means of secession . 
  yes but if there is a catalonia vote which is pro-independence a potential revolution is much harder to stop . 
  it puts legitimacy on the side of the separatists if they go down the democratic route first . 
  i think they might have to compromise on this . 
  note that the violence is going to end . 
  they can protest all the way to december if they want . 
  sex trafficking was a massively overstated problem . 
  there has never been any solid evidence for the original claims . 
  it is a myth that has entered the consciousness of europeans without any good reason to believe it to be true . 
  they are n't liberals . 
  they are conservatives . 
  the truth is very few people are liberals . 
  they are liberal on the things they agree with and conservative on the things they are not . 
  there are very few who fall into the classical `` disagree with what you say but defend to the death your right to say it '' liberal position . 
  that is the point of a live debate . 
  with the normal media nonsense it takes weeks for corrections to be brought out . 
  the normal eurosceptic fabrications would be challenged in real time in a debate . 
  i think it is a great idea for clegg and his political career . 
  i do n't know if it is good for the pro-eu debate . 
  if clegg comes out well ( and he does have previous in debates , like or not he is good at them ) then he gets to be the guy who saved uk pro-europeans . 
  it helps him shake off this cloak of irrelevancy and betrayal of principles he 's been covered in . 
  otoh the inherent dislike of nick clegg right now means he might be the wrong person to do this . 
  particularly because he is a pro-european . 
  somebody seen as being `` middle ground '' like david cameron would have more legitimacy maybe ? 
  at the same time farage is not somebody who has experience in debates like this . 
  he sounds great in the media where he ca n't really be countered . 
  it is in truth a new environment for him against a more experienced opponent . 
  no doubt the hardcore sceptics will resonate with him but those are n't the target anyway . 
  best solution right now is to do what happened in the ni conflict in the uk . 
  effectively white wash it and let criminals on all sides go . 
  it would create too much tension on both sides if you start chasing down opposition . 
  this means some pretty vicious people get to walk free but you buy peace with that compromise . 
  ukraine has some serious issues it needs to deal with . 
  it can not afford to have this derailed by chasing individuals out of principle . 
   kind of like what happened in egypt to morsi . 
  well the problem there was appointing somebody who 35 % of the country agreed with and having him write the constitution . 
  it was complete madness . 
  the 2004 constitution passed the ukrainian parliament with 90 % of the vote . 
  it had a wide basis for support . 
  that is what they want to go back to . 
  what would you have people do when they are in danger of being killed ? 
  i think just like the roman empire it is absolutely impossible to say what would have come before . 
  saying absolutely that it was definitely a good or bad thing is difficult . 
  in both cases you can point to events , policies and principles that would on their own be enough to condemn a nation to being absolutely evil and others which are seen as a good so great that anything else could be justified . 
  the point is n't that actual guillotines will be used . 
  right now these groups are n't even talking about revolution . 
  they are asking for the restoration of the constitution . 
  that is n't a revolution yet . 
  the idea that maths is n't creative is absurd . 
  maths as it is traditionally taught sucks all the creativity and value out of it . 
  certainly we should not revert to that state of affairs in an effort to chase china down a useless path . 
   it is easy to test , and thus to measure sadly it is n't and it touches at why the west in general has `` slipped behind '' china . 
  the value in maths is n't in the ability to add numbers . 
  it is in the ability to construct systems and reason about them . 
  we 've started to realise that mere dumb application of known maths is n't interesting . 
  what is interesting is the ability to bring about the reasoning abilities that created these mathematical principles . 
  so we backed off on the rote methods and looked for alternatives . 
  sadly we have n't quite figured out yet how to best teach this stuff . 
  we are certainly doing much better than china as our higher education performance ( the place where rote learning fails no matter how much you hit your student with a ruler ) points to . 
  we still fail on the old tests of `` can you do dumb arithmetic really quickly '' though and always will while pursuing a more useful path . 
  the sad thing is afghanistan was completely viable . 
  it needed intense nato focus . 
  we needed to be in there for the long haul and defend people . 
  as it is we saw a massive nato disengagement so we could go into iraq . 
  look at the size of helmand province . 
  it alone is a quarter of the size of the uk . 
  at one point a tiny division from britain was holding that on its own . 
  is there any surprise that it turned into a terrorist paradise ? 
  as i said in my other post this was the first real venture of the us in outright empire building . 
  going into other nations , without invitation , to reshape them in the image we saw as correct and natural ( which is n't the same as being invited to defend an aligned state or bumping off a leader ) . 
  it is a generational battle . 
  you ca n't sweep in , clear out the bad guys and pick some guy who sounds roughly liberal and have him run the country . 
   we see the same thing in ukraine . 
  the united states can not abide a single power like russia dominating eurasia .
