  they will leave belarus behind over time . 
  belarus otoh are being propped up by russia . 
  union with ireland is n't represented . 
  there was a name switch from gb to uk . 
  seems lithuania gets independence more often than not in eu4 . 
  the ballot was a joke . 
  the status quo was n't an option . 
  the far left have in my experience been bending over to look at this from the russian perspective . 
  lots of hand wringing from those who campaigned to join the warsaw pact back in the day . 
  the old socialists are buying every ounce of propaganda out of the kremlin . 
  this is the city that started a war and switched sides twice . 
  upvote this post if you 'd like london to secede from the uk !, 
  ussr dissolved because a reformer was put in power and seen as weak by a bunch of politicians who wanted to carve up their own domains . 
  it was the economy that was the biggest problem with the ussr . 
  it did n't collapse because the army was too weak . 
  auto-sufficient . 
  that is why the ussr collapsed . 
  because the economy was sufficient . 
  the unsc exists to stop powers from fighting each other . 
  kicking them out restores us to the lon scenario which failed to stop ww2 because germany were not a member . 
  papers can bias polls just by specifying the question to be asked . 
  i do n't think it was speculation . 
  trading in the erm was a pure arbitrage situation . 
  he just put together the machinery necessary to push billions of pounds of trade on end through an arbitrage trade . 
  it is n't even a new scam . 
  the same scam used to be possible when gold had a fixed exchange ratio to currency that was different to its market price . 
  the stupid laws are almost never the fault of the eu . 
  our state loves to implement things and blame the eu . 
  the media are singing a completely different tune . 
  they 've been telling everyone for decades how great it would be to leave the eu . 
  now it might actually happen their paymasters have demanded they behave . 
  interesting to see a poll commissioned by that rag show a pro-eu majority though . 
  murdoch sees destruction of the eu as a key political objective . 
  if even the sun is seeing a pro-eu plurality it is probably a larger one than people suspect . 
  article 5 does n't apply to european territory outside europe . 
  it was never in play during the falklands . 
  though the uk was left to go it alone partially as a statement to the ussr that it was n't just the us that could fight wars in nato . 
  there is n't a single service not being touched . 
  it is n't just air craft carriers . 
  we are rolling out new destroyers , increasing the eurofighter capacity of the raf ( which is the real reason for not cats and traps on the carriers , it forces us to pick a dedicated carrier fighter ) . 
  there is a big drone project going on . 
  lots of army brigades are getting merged . 
  i know . 
  i just thought it was cool . 
  good . 
  if the prince is n't politically neutral then the public should now about it . 
  the job of the monarchy is to be seen and not heard frankly . 
  the uk has high spending . 
  our current incapability is because we are doing a top to bottom reorganisation . 
  this was due to drastically increase spending , the tories decided to go without a military for a few years instead . 
  not our fault the vicious bastards of the world dishonoured themselves by being vicious bastards while we have our underwear around our ankles . 
  i like the way we removed norway from europe on the coin . 
  bulgaria has been the new spain for some time already . 
  living in the uk costs a bomb . 
  the best plan is to earn a shed load of money in the uk then move to a poorer european neighbour ( fwiw everywhere is cheaper than the uk with one or two exceptions ) . 
  blame the insane uk property market . 
  it will happen more and more while our entire economy is crippled to feed this living corpse . 
  do n't worry . 
  soon you 'll have to work in he uk to be able to afford to live in bulgaria !, 
  thus does the work of supply side nurgle infect all around it . 
  welcome to the eu !, 
  as crude as it is , the eu is suffering from a prestige issue . 
  maybe we can invent time travel and kidnap diocletian from the past ? 
  he fixed the roman empire . 
  maybe barroso can walk around wearing purple and demand he be referred to as the `` divine manuel barroso '' . 
  i 'd vote for him !, 
  you austrians with your mandatory travelling . 
  we are n't falling for that one !, 
  yes but even then they were more liberal than their competitors . 
  in particular britain pretty much pioneered constitutional monarchy at a time where others were focusing on absolutism . 
  should have called the euro the solidus . 
  you can join poland again and enter glorious reich that way . 
  imperium europae is a much nicer name . 
  we 'll set sweden on you !, 
  do n't make us call them !, 
  that is kind of the british way . 
  we had an empire so we could steal all the food . 
  a huge amount of innovation in foreign cuisine actually happens in the uk . 
  i 'll admit to making jokes about this . 
  anyone who seriously thinks the french surrender a lot need to study the battle of verdun . 
  sheer incompetence of leadership in a time where decisive victories turned entire wars created the aberration that was ww2 and the battle of france . 
  not cowardice . 
  i do n't think we blindly followed . 
  blair seemingly wanted the war . 
  according to us generals at the time he was the most hawkish man in the room . 
  it was an assumption that this nice man blair was being dragged into it . 
  seemingly a bad one . 
  you 'd have thought the worlds democracies got to the top of the food chain by accident . 
  one day the democratic world woke up and was incidentally the most powerful block of nations the world has ever seen . 
  pity those poor 2p dictatorships . 
  they are poor only because of chance . 
  it is some run of luck for all of them to be dirt poor . 
  the truth is a man fighting for what he believes in is worth 10 pressed men . 
  this has been demonstrated throughout history and is the underlying strength of democracies . 
  2000 ( assuming i can take over my own body ) . 
  plan is as follows : 1 . 
  hit the gym . 
  buy apple stock with all my savings . 
  laugh, 
  harold did swear an oath .
