  they are n't suppressed or ignored comrade . 
  they are given wonderful free new homes in siberia . 
  the charge from competitors is they have an unfair advantage due to tax exemption . 
   the boss of the silverstone motor racing circuit contacted david cameron in an attempt to prevent government funding being put towards the building of a new circuit in ebbw vale tbh i 'd be furious if we funded this while they fuck around with a465 widening and um and ah about a relatively straight forward north/south rail link that would go through dowlais . 
  you want to help the poorest region in western europe ? 
  there are much better uses of # 50m than a race track . 
  osborne has no power to decide anything right now because it is n't on the table . 
  should scotland vote for independence then every option is there . 
  of course at the same time scotland will have to make their own compromises . 
  they may end up needing to keep faslane open if they want a currency union . 
  the real meat to negotiate over is : 1 . 
  currency union 3 . 
  oil field breakdown 4 . 
  national debt scotland could pursue a `` no faslane , no debt , no oil ( well 10 % oil is what is legally in ruk ) '' platform legally . 
  to get a currency union it will have to compromise somewhere . 
  the first question is whether ruk is most swayed by nukes , debt or resources . 
  the other is what is scotland prepared to compromise on . 
  if the two match up i think a currency union is guaranteed to happen . 
  meh it is just rhetoric . 
  the british public are on a pacifist trend right now and farage is doing his normal trick of blaming something that irritates the public on the eu . 
  he 'd blame the eu for the flu and rain if he could . 
  i 'll also use bad pronunciation while doing it !, 
  my grand father had the most beautiful handwriting . 
  i have no idea what any of it said but it looked wonderful . 
  the biggest problem with handwriting is the more beautiful it is the harder it becomes to read . 
  whereas even ugly print is immediately legible . 
  naturally as a cs grad and software engineer i point out that memory is read many times and written only once . 
  therefore read performance should be favoured over write performance . 
  hand writing optimises precisely the wrong thing . 
  nah we have a dragon . 
  it is the only scary thing about our whole nation . 
  so talking in french while you commit a crime is enough to upset the french ? 
  i 'm going to learn french so i can burn steaks and commentate in french . 
  then post the videos to youtube . 
  this is what we 'd call printing . 
  i can read your swedish about as well as i can read most people 's handwriting in english . 
  i 'm convinced handwriting is the longest running joke in history . 
  entire generations taught cryptography in school . 
  yeah bauxite is n't all that expensive . 
  actually electrolysing the stuff is expensive . 
  of course ukraine has problems and like every other eastern european nation that has turned west they will have to deal with them before being allowed into the eu . 
  ukraine is at the first step . 
  you do n't boot somebody over and steal their wallet because they have problems at the very first step of a process . 
  it does n't even make sense . 
  the imf gets a bad name because the transition is genuinely hard . 
  corrupt politicians can easily screw it up and end up selling their nation down the river . 
  the money has to not be the whole story . 
  ukraine will have to tackle all the problems that scare the markets from eastern europe . 
  the money is designed to help ukraine deal with these structural issues . 
  basically the russia plan is `` see where the tanks are rolling ? 
  note that the tanks are not in fact rolling into moscow . 
  businesses in moscow accrue no shell holes . 
  move to russia now !, 
  tbh i think brits actually like the french a lot . 
  we always bitch about farmers blockading ports but there is always an undertone of admiration for them . 
  building new ships , developing new tech and buying f-35s . 
  labour put us on a course that would dramatically increase spending for a few years while new stuff gets rolled out . 
  the tories assaulted the military during their austerity program . 
  you 'd have thought the tories would have learned after the falklands . 
  well we have n't actually reduced spending . 
  we were going through a big revamp and the tories decided not having an army for a decade was a better option that paying extra to revamp shit . 
  that would only be true if people made the argument `` that guy over there stole a loaf of bread so i should be able to as well '' . 
  an eu army is n't necessary . 
  foreign policy coherence is necessary . 
  when did we ever admit to anything ? 
  i just checked . 
  apparently you changed the constitution after ww2 with a referendum on abolition of the monarchy . 
  i was thinking in terms of the statuto albertino which i assume the population would have had little say in . 
  fair enough venice signed up for this fully . 
  yes i just always found the clutching to legalism weird . 
  as if a legal structure created without the say so of these regions would bind them in some meaningful way if they wanted to be rid of it . 
  that is a legalism based argument . 
  if venice or catalonia actually wanted independence they would achieve it . 
  law or otherwise . 
  people care . 
  we are just trained to be non confrontational in the uk . 
  i 've seen dickheads almost knock over oaps . 
  they care . 
  is it an invasion if you are invited ? 
  invitsion ? 
  better defensive set up . 
  napoleon could just walk across this river . 
  yes germany literally had to be the worse it could possibly be before it changed . 
  obviously there are changes that happen but they are usually caused by some kind of serious trauma . 
  though as i said all people can be manipulated . 
  in the uk our distrust of the establishment is used to push neoliberalism ( for good or ill ) . 
  in russia they annex crimea . 
  maybe this is time for some degree of rethink on germany 's foreign policy norm ? 
  the problem with pacifism and isolationism is convincing the other lot it is a good idea . 
   neonazis in the west are armed too . 
  yes that day that nick griffin marched through bradford wielding an assault rifle was terrifying for all involved . 
  bring back 240v !, 
  i 'm not sure they are . 
  individuals are but cultures have particular trends . 
  all can be exploited of course but the means and ends will be different . 
  real cultural change almost never seems to happen . 
  britain/england has been restraining the power of the monarch for 800 years . 
  russia/muscovy has been acting as self appointed overlord of slavs for similar periods of time . 
  both the extreme distrust of the establishment in the uk and the pro-strong government mentality of russia can be exploited by media manipulation . 
  the results are n't the same though .
