  it is n't even that they are opposed to regulation , more that they are opposed to regulation by people who 's main intent is to actually cause them pain rather than safe guard society . 
  i think the financial sector has it right that the sudden trend towards punitive rather than safe guarding regulation is disastrous . 
  the interesting thing is the uk public are also not currently interested in listening to them . 
  it is incredibly unlikely germany could have won ww2 . 
  even with a successful barbarossa you still have utter british domination of the seas and a blockade that was already causing serious material shortages in germany . 
  ww1 was possible . 
   they will get it that is far from certain . 
  the ep loves demonstrating what power it has right now . 
  it is n't even as simple as this sadly . 
  there is also cross eu competition for these tax laws . 
  not sure it is an accomplishment as much as a fortuitous accident . 
  the problem here was icesave pulling british money out of britain to cover the debts of icelandic citizens . 
  regardless of whether you feel that deposit insurance style schemes are a good thing or not putting one bunch of customers above another on a nationality basis is shady . 
  yes but they do that by cracking the diesel into petrol . 
  a process which increases the overall cost of the operation . 
  diesel taxes are higher in the uk . 
  diesel is cheaper because there is far more diesel than petrol in most crude types . 
  do you guys have kettles built into your tanks though ? 
  we have much to teach you . 
  there is this scary bright thing in the sky ( which is blue ) . 
  the dark ones influence is at work . 
  trump largely live it up on borrowed money and then uses the incredibly lenient us bankruptcy laws to walk away from it all . 
  greece has already cost the eu far more than outright rescuing them would have cost early on . 
  if the eu had intervened with a bail out before interest rates hit 13 % they would not be in this situation . 
  yes and aid for greece is necessary for foreign policy objectives as well . 
  to be fair the us has historically forgiven debts and given vast economic aid to europe . 
  they are not hypocritical on this point . 
  trump is so often bankrupt he 's clearly a greek-american . 
  every other nation had these features . 
  the difference is europe regenerated its industrial areas rather than saying `` sucks to be you i guess , why not move to london ? 
  westminster has done everything in its power to block or siphon off the eu regional funding from south wales . 
  brown basically threw a hissy fit after the welsh assembly complained to brussels when westminster reduced its funding by nearly the exact same amount as the incoming money . 
  almost killed the entire project . 
  the government made it incredibly difficult for cardiff to find the match funding to force it through . 
  some money was in danger of not going to london . 
  the government had to act . 
  there 's good reason to argue that executives should not go to another body over the head of their home legislatives . 
  in the uk particularly the legislative is literally the basis of all legitimacy of government . 
  the government is merely an appointed clique granted specific and limited powers by the sovereign parliament . 
  the drown god has no power here !, 
  short term thinking . 
  if you start wilfully separating these people into little mono-ethnicity communities it will create problems for you for years . 
  integration requires interaction . 
  between muslims and christians , between natives and migrants . 
  christianity was reforming from day one though . 
  it was a faith that was n't mandated by one man but went through three centuries of passive transmission before the council of nicaea tied down a lot of the details . 
  even then there were many future councils resolving debate . 
  christianity was born in a debating chamber . 
  also christianity was a religion with a history of carefully crafted revisionism . 
  islam was largely constructed on the idea that it did n't want to go down that path . 
  makes it very tricky . 
  where everyone is willing to fight for the rights of german states to have their own religion provided it hurts austria . 
  to be a bolshevik you first have to hold an election and then ignore the results . 
  the rules about pedestrians are advisory though . 
  the law is very strictly in favour of the pedestrian in the uk . 
  the law still comes from the perspective that pedestrians were on the roads before cars and will still be there after cars are replaced with instantaneous teleportation or whatever 500 years from now . 
  in the uk pedestrians theoretically have all the power in the world . 
  a lot of drivers bank on your survival instincts to keep them out of jail though . 
  no offence but without nato i think the former warsaw pact members might ask to join the us instead . 
  for the most part europe has zero credibility in defence . 
  the two members with a genuine background in defence also have a history of betraying eastern europe as well . 
  have n't read hamlet so do n't know . 
  this one is one of a handful of survive pagan stories in wales though . 
  probably comes all the way from tolkein . 
  basically tolkein used welsh heavily when designing his elvish languages . 
  hell there is a lot of it in lotr . 
  there is even a welsh myth about a forest that rose up to fight a great battle . 
  i really do n't get how the hardcore anti-apostates can operate in an increasingly non-religious society . 
  do they believe we are making stuff up when we say 40 % or so of the population are n't religious ? 
  there is n't one reason why the western empire fell . 
  it was hit by a perfect storm of famines , plagues , unstable power structures , economic collapse , foreign invasion and migration . 
  rome ended up almost exclusively using foreign auxiliaries for cavalry . 
  tbh i like to throw the `` christianity used to '' stuff around but murder for this kind of offence was never anything like normal . 
  social exclusion yes . 
  not murder . 
  unless i 'm misinformed . 
  wales was the poorest region in europe before expansion . 
  we are finally good at something !, 
  nah the moment we are free of england we can start the campaign to expel west and north wales . 
  south east wales is only wales !, 
  austria did n't want it , france wanted it but nobody wanted france to have it , netherlands wanted it but belgium did n't want the netherlands . 
  adopting nato equipment just makes sense out of sheer availability ( assuming you want quantity ) . 
  the russian gear is either poor but available or good but with incredible issues with supply . 
  malta playing chess 1 step ahead of putin . 
  well the investment needs to happen in only the stable african countries . 
  you try to create a well of stability on the continent that will in time tend to stabilise the region around it . 
   climate change . 
  that 's the big one , and trump does n't care . 
  hard to see what can be done about that , but it 's necessary . 
  it is coming to the point where regions that are serious about climate change will have to economically isolate regions that are not . 
  it is the only way to offset the economic advantage not giving a fuck about destroying the planet would give . 
  this is the downside of the anti-globalist agenda . 
  the alternative is always trade barriers . 
  without co-operation foreign politics will always be the wild west . 
  this does n't even give him the opinion modifier . 
  it is n't possible to do anything good with the shitty outcome . 
  as it stands the best conceivable long term outcome is a brexit so bad we can reverse it in 10 years time . 
  there are middle grounds with less pain but any middle ground will just see everything bad blamed on the middle ground . 
  i 'm standing by either block it completely or let them run wild and fuck stuff up . 
  in the former we get the best outcome , in the latter at least it is more likely to be reversed .
