  the tories will put him on the `` do not elect '' list . 
  this is hardly the first time this has happened . 
  whenever there is a crisis between the uk and eu it boils down to grandstanding tory internal politics . 
   he uk has spent the last decade burning its political capital tbh i 'm not sure how true this is . 
  blair played ball with the eu a lot and got most of what he wanted . 
  it was cameron who went back to throwing threats around at everyone . 
  they 'll all miss that they told hodgson they should n't take him before the tournament . 
  manufacturing does n't make enough money to pay people well . 
  those with well paying jobs pay taxes which then get spent on stuff like the nhs . 
   and a lot of the drop in pounds has already reversed itself . 
  it is actually at the lowest point it has been in 30 + years . 
  it fell back below the lowest point from the day after the referendum . 
  you ca n't count a dead cat bounce as a recovery . 
  how hard could it possibly be ? 
  common sense really is n't suitable for much at all . 
  unfortunately what it is suitable for depends heavily on common sense . 
  if your common sense is broken you start to believe it might apply to all manner of things . 
  merkel will unveil the iron fist of moderation . 
  manufacturing work pays manufacturing wages . 
  i doubt many in the uk are thrilled with the idea of replacing millions of well paid jobs with the equivalent of wage slavery . 
  we 'll be moving to adopt the zimbawean dollar . 
  this is the interesting thing about it imo . 
  if the eu wants to wreck the city it could but it 'll have to pick a winner . 
  if there is a general fluttering of trade in all directions i think it 'll be very temporary . 
  none of these places will get enough to overpower the networking effects . 
  you 'd have to localise it . 
  governments can make life difficult though . 
  the only hard and fast rule is the markets will favour keeping the financial trading in one place . 
  right now that is london . 
  if the eu makes it difficult for euro denominated trading to be done outside the eu it 'll likely move to frankfurt . 
  the danger then is that other parts of the financial market pack up and move to restore the networking . 
  the culture is actually a direct democracy . 
  the minds are just really fucking good at propaganda ( and utterly benevolent to go with it ) . 
  nobody is stronger for this . 
  the uvs basically promised to drown the uk in blood if we did n't agree to a split . 
  in hindsight it was a stupid decision as the ira did that anyway . 
  at the time we basically bowed to terrorists . 
  the easter uprising basically made a simple hand over impossible . 
  without it the uvs are three men in a basement somewhere and we just hand ireland over after the war . 
  well ni have a guaranteed right to a referendum iirc . 
  if they can get the dup to vote for it that is . 
  otherwise they 'll need to win an election on that basis . 
  i 've never felt more unified with european nations . 
  there is no legal right but they unquestionably have a moral right . 
  it 'll be bloody hard for anyone to deny them a vote given what has just happened . 
  well to be fair we were sorting it out . 
  then somebody shot somebody in sarajevo . 
  i 'm freed from a large chunk of my money this morning . 
  i 'm looking up recipes for eating sovereignty . 
  the shock is way beyond what anyone predicted . 
  you could see it in the body language of the leave campaign . 
  not even remain expected it to be this bad early on . 
  the drop so far is way beyond anything people thought would happen . 
  other than ni we are clear cut the ones most hurt by this . 
  they 'll pretty much have no choice i think . 
  have you seen the horror show that was the sun in the 80s ? 
  we are much more aware of how bad it is today . 
  that is n't the same as it being worse . 
  football matches do n't have betters voting on the outcome . 
  political betting is so interesting because it basically amounts to an opinion poll except where your balls are actually on the line . 
  that is n't how stats work . 
  a 1 % lead with a 2 % error margin means you have a normal distribution centred at 1 % with a 67 % likelihood that it is somewhere between +3 % and -1 % . 
  it is not that any position within it is equally likely . 
  it certainly does n't mean both outcomes are equally likely . 
  yes but they did n't build any naval capacity and all their motorised infantry depended upon us trucks . 
  this is n't to criticise the soviets , it made a load of sense for the allies and the ussr for us to basically give them trucks and them to not split their production . 
  if it was n't so decisive we would n't have done it . 
  i think without lend-lease the ussr still wins but does n't roll germany all the way back to berlin . 
  it would bog down somewhere without the exploitation power given by the mobilised infantry and ww2 would end when the western front opened . 
  without a western front germany eventually just runs out of stuff and the soviets win at much greater cost than actually occurred . 
   yeah , he lost , but some dude in the 1800s was able to conquer a thousand miles of russian territory before he finally overstretched his supply lines . 
  he only lost at all because the russian 's burned moscow . 
  napoleon could n't conceive of anyone doing that . 
  he certainly would n't burn paris , he 'd surrender first . 
   and of course , let 's look at what happened during world war i. germany is stuck in the middle of the continent , fighting a two front war . 
  what do they do ? 
  kick down the russians , knock them out of the war , and then throw everything they 've got at the western front . 
  they still went on to lose the war , but the plan worked . 
  that was the more hilarious victory . 
  in ww1 germany beat russia with what was effectively a holding force . 
  they committed massively on the western front to try and knock out france quickly . 
  the plan was to knock out france and then turn everything on russia . 
  their relatively small eastern force actually just beat russia . 
  yeah it takes the hindsight of the red army becoming incredible to decide it was a terrible idea . 
  even that only happened because of lend-lease . 
  to put it in hoi4 terms , the ussr put all their production into tanks . 
  they got given all their motorised and mechanised by the americans . 
  british newspapers have always been terrible . 
  it is just more obvious now you can see them all . 
  in truth they are probably better than they 've ever been but still terrible . 
  if we remain the pound will likely rebound overnight . 
  stuff is cheaper today . 
  it might be cheaper still on friday . 
  an australian model immigration policy would double our immigration according to studies into the feasibility of it . 
  the difficulty in addressing the red tape argument is the heads of remain also want to reduce this `` red tape '' ( the main focus which seems to be the wtd ) . 
  cameron can hardly call out leave for just wanting to destroy workers rights because he wants to do it as well . 
  he just does n't think it is worth leaving the eu for . 
  honestly the cleverest thing leave have done is an unofficial and official campaign . 
  so farage has been able to energise the swivel eyed lunatics while gove and co appeal to the moderates . 
  all the while anyone can dismiss farage and his kind as `` well he 's not an official part of the campaign '' .
