  the uk is n't running austerity . 
  our actual expenditure is still increasing . 
  the tories are being sensible by pretending to be insane . 
  armenia is vassal state of roman empire . 
  we in the west will keep the vicious parthians out of armenia !, 
  eventually a vote was inevitable . 
  frankly it should have been run in better times rather than waiting to be forced . 
  i 'm pro-european in principle but i actually applaud cameron being bold and putting the question to the public . 
  once we win the referendum it 'll be decades before anyone can bitch about europe again . 
  it is something along those lines . 
  only then because nobody really flies the union jack . 
  will not win a single seat in the house of commons at the next election . 
  being proud of a country is not the same as making overt nationalist displays . 
  who 's `` we '' ? 
  me and my mam obviously . 
  are you denying that culturally blatant displays of nationalism are frowned upon ? 
  i 'm aware there were terrorist attacks after capel celyn . 
  it was the birth of modern welsh nationalism . 
  it was a fair while ago now though . 
  it also never had much mainstream support which is why it fizzled out . 
  i work in england . 
  tell them you traded places with me . 
  bloody stupid given how most people flee wales to get work . 
  is this north wales btw ? 
  they tend to have a different view on wales to people down south i believe . 
  i 've never seen extreme welsh nationalism tbh . 
  i ca n't think of a single incident comparable to stuff like the edl . 
  there was n't even a viable welsh nationalist movement before capel celyn . 
  not true . 
  all germany had to do to avoid war with britain was hop on one foot while singing the british national anthem . 
  also sink all their ships . 
  we are not unreasonable !, 
  we 'd be better off pledging allegiance to football teams in the uk . 
  at least football is serious business . 
  to be fair we think nationalism is weird in the uk as well . 
  that is why it is unsurprising that the french and americans do it . 
  there were people living on it permanently in the past according to wikipedia . 
  it is difficult because the tories have essentially achieved this wonder by abandoning austerity . 
  the left is being hoisted by its own petard by attacking the tories for spending cuts that have n't been happening since they recrashed the economy about a year into office . 
  it is rather incredible how it is all unfolding . 
  the tories did a u-turn . 
  both sides acted as if they had n't . 
  now the economy is recovering and everyone is cheering the wonders of policies that were abandoned 2 years ago . 
  i can hardly comprehend the kind of insanity that leads to this situation . 
  the real question is if the tories will stick to their new found economic competence if they win the next election ? 
  it does n't seem like a war crime to kill an enemy combatant . 
  is there anything i 'm missing ? 
  if he killed the resistance fighter in a legitimate act of war it is obviously not a war crime . 
  if he killed him when he had surrendered then it is . 
  there is a tag for them in eu4 so i assume that it was them . 
  are they related to the fine people from west wales ( and north wales ) ? 
  according to that people have actually lived on the islands . 
  it seems open and shut that they are capable of supporting human life then . 
  big fan of la marseillaise . 
  one of the great rugby anthems . 
  the french make it by being barmy though . 
  the lyrics are different . 
  there is a un treaty on the matter as well . 
  i do n't think certainty is necessary but there does n't really seem to be a plan to all this other than `` sending a message '' . 
  france are obviously not pussies . 
  we do n't make perennial enemies/allies of pussies . 
  i do n't think it has affected us policy much . 
  their inevitable swing to the pacific came a bit faster maybe . 
  it is interesting . 
  our economics stances are closer together than our military stances at this point . 
  there is no third rome . 
  everything that came after is its own thing ( even some of the things that claimed to be rome , like the hre ) . 
  the main reason for the ascent of the west was leaving rome as a memory and thinking about new stuff . 
  it says something that london and paris ended up far more relevant than any of the claimants to the second or third rome . 
  everything north of athens is obviously of barbarians . 
  everything west , east and south of it too . 
  was nothing to do with the pope . 
  the crusade was meant for other targets . 
  venice is to blame for the sack of constantinople . 
  they insisted on the sack when it was apparent the 4th crusade could n't afford the ships they had built . 
  of course the crusaders could have decided to be less idiotic . 
  maybe they should have sacked venice and stolen the ships ? 
  also the empire was on the wane for centuries before that . 
  the visigoth sack perhaps disrupted rome . 
  it certainly dates back further than 315 bc . 
  the gauls sacked it in 390 bc . 
  yes but i felt it appropriate that one of the earliest actions is introduction to the bureaucracy . 
  welcome to the eu croatia !, 
  afghanistan is difficult because the whole region is mountains . 
  russia presents different challenges which are beatable with modern technology . 
  once you are up to the urals all you need to do is hold your ground . 
  the russians would starve out eventually . 
  germany and revolutionary france could n't do this because they did n't establish supply lines . 
  today we can build an entire infrastructure in a few weeks . 
  this is n't the napoleonic era . 
  the nazi 's could have successfully invaded russia if they had n't : 1 . 
  been delayed by the greeks kicking the crap out of the italians 2 . 
  gave any consideration whatsoever to the logistical concerns . 
  these days we have machines that could build a highway to the urals in a few weeks . 
  we can airlift shelters into war zones . 
  we have tents that are heated . 
  totally different game altogether . 
  also if you take moscow russia is done regardless . 
  frankly they can keep siberia if it came to ww3 . 
   going to war with argentina over a cluster of frozen uninhabited islands argentina declared war on britain .
