  to be fair we are doing the stupid austerity thing as well . 
  we 're just kinda hoping you had more sense . 
  the main winner in all this are the americans . 
  though their republicans look set to bugger that up for them . 
  i live on a mountain . 
  finally there are benefits to this !, 
  no because they are usually ages behind market reality . 
  the only people who listen to them are investment funds that are legally required to . 
  regardless rating changes are trailing indicators . 
  the biggest issue is where would you put it ? 
  each european nation has its own silicon belt but it is n't realistically as large as silicon valley . 
  i mean would france be happy if every it investment in europe came to the m4 corridor in the uk ? 
  all we did in response was ban massachusetts from legally doing anything without british say so , garrisoned their streets and embargoed them until they paid for the tea . 
  as if this was an unreasonable response . 
  elan is so well balanced . 
  france and rest of the world is an even fight . 
   eh , i 'd still say we hated france with a passion . 
  i mean , the german empire was founded over the victory over france . 
  was n't it founded because prussia would n't trust bavaria to defend anything ? 
  essentially they took elsass because it allowed prussia to directly man the border with france . 
  i think the interesting thing so far has been the long term outlook in the response to russia . 
  we are n't just throwing them a few broadsides . 
  we are talking about vast infrastructure and political projects to eliminate russian influence on the eu . 
  the response in the eu has n't been some mutually destructive movement but cautious and gradual disentanglement which represents the start of a new cold war . 
  putin needed some kind of short term blustery conflict in which eventually the costs to europe would create a call for peace . 
  with europe seeking to disentangle that call for peace wo n't come . 
  which makes his opinion entirely worthless for forming a real politik position . 
  you can not make a decision based upon one view point . 
  even if that view point is the other side . 
   that 's where we have to protect what we call ` freedom of the seas ' - in china 's waters . 
  the leading biases inherent in that sentence is hilarious . 
  naturally the us is protecting the freedom of the seas in japan 's waters . 
  noam chomsky is always going to be taught in computer science lectures but nobody takes him seriously for his politics . 
  he is literally just a bloke in that regard . 
  tbh the current situation is the death knell of euroscepticism . 
  there is a huge demographic disjoint . 
  euroscepticism is on even footing among older generations but it rare among those who 've always been eu/eec members . 
  if ukip do n't win now they will never win . 
  that is n't to say that the uk will be joining the euro any time soon . 
  the threat of a referendum has forced people to be real for a bit . 
  it was predictable frankly . 
  ukip has also done a wonderful job of associating euroscepticism with lunacy in a way nobody else could have possibly achieved . 
  we should gang up to take all these nice places and make them part of britain and germany . 
  then people have no choice but to visit us !, 
  you will visit and you will like it / r/europe !, 
  for some of the candidates in uk elections , a penis picture is the most mature response a man can give . 
  russia wants to make eastern europe more like russia . 
  norway does it and nobody accuses them of being vicious imperialists !, 
  is double standard !, 
  who knows . 
  russia will have a great number of problems due to putin 's political purges . 
  it is likely the oligarchs will take back over . 
  yes but it is n't putting any additional value into the market . 
  you 're slightly improving your bottom line but it is n't going to drastically affect national productivity like this claims . 
  as if manufacturing is even a dominating cost . 
  what instead tends to happen is the value of the output drops to the point where you can no longer employ people to produce it . 
  that this manufacturing needs to be moved to somewhere where people are cheaper . 
  that is precisely why manufacturing has fled the uk . 
  it is important to note that this article is produced by a british manufacturer who 'd be happy for britain to have a lopsided economy like germany . 
   if you replace a machine which makes one unit with one which produces two , you double productivity this is a very childish way of looking at things . 
  if i provide every family in the uk with 3000kcal worth of food daily have i doubled value if i then provide them with 6000kcal ? 
  you can only watch one tv at a time . 
  cars can only be manufactured usefully until there is 1 for every journey being taken . 
  i ca n't shower with 3 bars of soap any more than with 1 . 
   third -- and perhaps most crucially -- most international trade is in manufactured goods , this only matters if you have an equally childish assumption that the net balance of trade is what decides the value of an economy . 
  that type of thinking died with mercantilism . 
  it should only be talked about if your aim is to poke fun at the stupidity of the past . 
   we have not had a visible trade surplus since 1982 or avoided an overall balance of payments deficit since 1985 yes and since then the uk has been among the best performing international developed economies . 
  with growth that only dipped below 2-3 % annually in two decades because of a barmy exchange rate system . 
  whereas in the 70s we were by far the poorest of the worlds developed economies . 
  we were a laughing stock the last time we had a trade surplus . 
  despite all the crying britain has a very diverse economy . 
  people routinely call us financial sector heavy yet it accounts for the same fraction of our economy as manufacturing . 
  we then have a large services and a large creative industry . 
  all in all an entire sector of the world economy could tank and the uk would be relatively unscathed . 
  even an armageddon scenario of a financial sector collapse did not hurt the uk exceptionally badly compared to others . 
  germany are actually the one with something to fear . 
  their economy is manufacturing heavy to the point where a manufacturing crisis would put people begging on the streets . 
   the `` google news has to pay '' debate is worldwide , at least europe-wide it is n't a debate . 
  google has said `` free or we do n't list you '' and they are well within their rights to do so . 
  the newspapers want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  they want google to pay them for the right to direct the vast bulk of their traffic to them . 
  it is patently absurd . 
  the violations of data protection laws do indeed have to be dealt with but the continual moaning from newspaper vendors when they get daft laws passed and then google says `` right we are n't listing you '' is hilarious . 
  it wo n't be dominant but turkey unquestionably becomes a fourth power . 
  it would be a shake up of the eu comparable to britain joining . 
  id cards are also technically a bad idea . 
  at least how labour were presenting them as the one id to rule them all . 
  at least right now if i lose my card and pin only that account is fucked for # 300 * n until i ring in and block it . 
  id card gets compromised you literally lose everything . 
  insane idea . 
  the only way id cards would not be insane is if they could n't be used . 
  then they 'd just be pointless . 
  we are already running into articles of confederation style madness . 
  the eurozone crisis is a good example . 
  well we ca n't have this giant swiss hole in our empire . 
  that depends on who gets the support of the legions . 
  yes but it is also often `` utterly bizarre thing nobody could ever take seriously '' . 
  if sarcasm was always the truth then it is no longer sarcasm . 
   it ca n't be pulled off the wall quickly in case of electrocution in the uk babies have just evolved to have strong plug pulling arms .
