  where we had to go begging to the americans because nobody backed us up . 
  yeah essentially they want us to remove a tool guaranteeing independence so we can be a better vassal . 
   the others are no longer eligible for state funding and -- more troubling from a libertarian point of view -- their schools are no longer officially accredited . 
  surely a libertarian should be opposed to both state funding and state accreditation ? 
  apparently i 'm french . 
  meh in the uk royalism is the norm . 
  in the 90s publicly being a republican would be a `` so brave '' thing . 
  at the time of diana 's death it had gotten as far as a 50/50 split . 
  these days not so much . 
  it is more clich\u00e9 to be a royalist these days . 
  was it 28 times charles asked for meetings with various governments in the last 10 years ? 
  they are n't apolitical . 
  they are n't visibly political . 
  it is why their meetings should be open to the public eye . 
  we should be the judge of whether they are apolitical or not . 
  you ca n't do that when they have all sorts of meetings which nobody knows the contents of . 
  they are n't property under the normal british property laws . 
  as i said they are property of the queen in the same way my parents house is . 
  the crown technically owns every plot of land in the uk . 
  people think the crown estates have a deed with the queens name on it . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  there is a specific law of parliament that defines the status of the crown estate . 
  it is n't a free hold . 
  also if parliament changed the monarch , something they have a well established right to do , the windsors would forfeit the estate . 
  the family does n't own the land , it is property of the office . 
  a republican movement could be completed by voting a republican as monarch and having them dissolve the estate and transfer it . 
  there are no legal barriers in doing so . 
  it is debatable if there is even an ethical issue . 
  given that the crown belongs to the office rather than the people behind the office . 
  for instance it is like saying obama owns the white house . 
  if in the meantime the law was changed so that the monarch was also given a free hold on the land then the situation changes . 
  of course then you have the problem that the crown and crown estates would split if parliament decided they wanted a different monarch . 
  it ca n't succeed if it means abandoning the precautionary principle or involves another unjust extension of ip laws . 
  at the very least i hope it fails in that circumstance . 
  it is still incredibly tricky to say what happens to that land if the monarchy is dissolved . 
  it is n't a fee simple estate . 
  it is an allodial title . 
  effectively the monarch owns it in the same way the monarch owns my parents house . 
  if we became a republic the state would inherit every other allodial title in the land . 
  it is a stretch to say this one is different . 
  the problem here is only germany is putting itself in the firing line . 
  everyone else has managed to avoid saying anything . 
  germany are becoming useful idiots with a wallet and it is dangerous to the union either direction it turns . 
  where are germany 's northern allies ? 
  they are part of the technical debate but are n't putting their reputations and good will on the line as directly . 
  where is france ? 
  has hollande made his mind up about what type of leader he is yet ? 
  which camp is france in ? 
  it is reprehensible how this is evolving . 
  some of the criticism of germany has some substance but you ca n't dictate while you sit on a fence . 
  if people want to talk about eurobonds , stimulus and comparisons to ww2 debt reprieves they need to put forward an argument that addresses the concerns . 
  none of that is free . 
  you need to put your bacon on the line as well . 
  i think france in particular are very important and hollande could lose more than an election if he does n't find some clarity . 
  nobody else has the combined economic and moral weight to champion an alternative and present it in a way that germany ( and finland , the netherlands , sweden , denmark , etc ) can accept . 
  i 'm not racist but water is wet . 
  socialist it is n't . 
  american sports are best described as a cartel . 
  the main reason they are unionised is to present a united front to keep player pay reasonable . 
  that means more safe profit for the owners . 
  also the owners are n't as concerned with winning as making a profit . 
  it is the opposite relationship to say european football . 
  where winning is king and teams will run themselves down to the wire to win . 
  when galloway calls you a spineless coward it can only be good for your ratings . 
  its popularity started increasing again post royal wedding and olympics . 
  i still think they 'd need a big lead to win . 
  referenda tend to swing towards the status quo and only those with landslide support tend to work . 
  tbh the whole russia adoption saga is getting to be silly . 
  i think the eu should generally ban its citizens from adopting russian children just to get this bullshit out of play . 
  i disagree . 
  declaring war either way means we 'd have had to put troops in ireland . 
  out of the war entirely was probably strategically more useful to britain . 
  if ireland has something to apologise for in ww2 it is how they treated their soldiers who defected to fight the nazis . 
  prole used to be an insult in the uk as well . 
  not so much anymore . 
  as it stands once a libel case gets to court it is on the defendant to prove their comment was reasonable . 
  my only knowledge of flags comes from paradox games . 
  bloody bulgarian posters making fun of our bbc !, 
  what is a popular revolution then ? 
  coup d'etat is just overthrowing the guy in charge . 
  napoleon replaced the monarchy with a republican dictatorship . 
  ubviuusly yuu have n't taken british german !, 
  france can into many revolutions . 
  napoleon had at least two on his own . 
  radical does n't really mean anything in this regard . 
  this is a conservative feminism which holds that certain issues are ethically abhorrent and need to be curtailed . 
  the reason it looks like they 'd be at home on the right wing of any government is because that is what they are . 
  it really comes down to the debate about from where rights arise . 
  liberals hold that rights are logical constructs that are obviously correct . 
  to be curtailed by the state only to the degree needed to in order to form society . 
  conservatives hold that rights are privileges that the franchised decide all deserve . 
  this position is increasingly more popular in modern democracies in which everyone is franchised . 
  it would be inconsistent for a liberal to be in favour of this motion . 
  it is entirely viable for a conservative though . 
  really the problem extends from the idea that feminism is automatically liberal . 
  the economist has this wrong . 
  these feminists are conservatives . 
  the fact that russia invaded georgia says a lot . 
  russia is pissed it is losing its traditional sphere to the eu . 
  if russia is able to enforce its will on georgia and the ukraine ( as seems likely ) then who knows what the future holds for a disarmed eu .
