  if you get everyone to agree it robs the country of having a say in the decision . 
  unless you wholesale displace politicians . 
  consensus is always used this way . 
  the public is the target of consensus , not the master . 
  i have never seen a consensus issue that was n't wildly unpopular . 
  consensus is a conspiracy of the political classes against the democratic will of the public . 
  except unlike most conspiracies they operate openly . 
  they even explicitly say this is what they are doing . 
  when a politician calls for an unpopular issue to be depoliticised they are asking for the public to be robbed of their say . 
  well britain has no conscription . 
  i prefer when given the choice of enslaving both men and women that we instead enslave neither . 
  tbh i 'd be more tempted to go the other way . 
  the leader of the military should always be civilian . 
  military people are n't divorced enough from what is going on to make strategic decisions about the outlook of a nation . 
  loads of military would like to `` see the job get done '' in situations where running would be the correct strategic decision . 
  the government defence ministers are all about `` is this war even sensible '' . 
  not about operational concerns which should rightly belong to the military . 
  for instance the us stayed in vietnam for too long so that `` they did n't die in vain '' . 
  military leaders are going to have more sympathy that soldiers are n't stabbed in the back by civilians * . 
  a civilian is more likely to say `` this stuff is a stupid waste of time , we 're out '' because they are n't emotionally invested in the fight . 
  far , far too much consideration is already given to military emotional responses when the raw strategic reality of a nation should take precedent . 
  10 people dead because of a strategically worthless war is a tragedy . 
  100 people dead trying to make the previous 10 deaths meaningful is fucking stupid . 
  * fwiw many hold to a `` stabbed in the back '' theory about vietnam to this day . 
  despite massive social unrest and a generation enslaved to fight a war . 
  if they 'd enslaved just a few more americans to fight a war of little relevance it would have been all good . 
  the war went on for 18 years but those damned civilians betrayed them right at the end !, 
  i have politicians i 'd throw in the pit last . 
  i tend to waver on whether those are the ones to despise the least or the most though . 
  there is a good argument for holding back gideon until the end . 
  so he can see all the austerity of existence he is about to receive . 
  which conventions anywhere are written down ? 
  that is n't how the british system works . 
  there are a few big named conventions but the bulk of them are treated as being plainly obvious . 
  i 've linked the wikipedia article on the matter elsewhere . 
  it was passed solely because the lords refused to budge on a bill that had a popular mandate ( i.e. 
  an election was fought over it ) . 
  the king threatened to stuff the house with liberal peers unless the house passed the parliament act that was then presented . 
  no i 'm not misunderstanding the parliament act . 
  the fact the tories have breached the convention before does n't mean there is n't a convention . 
  it is the convention that the parliament act is for issues that have a public mandate . 
  indeed this was the whole point of the bill . 
  the tory heavy house of lords was blocking popular liberal bills . 
  `` hugely popular '' is not the same as having a popular mandate . 
  a popular mandate comes about when you win an election running on an issue . 
  this is the established constitutional convention . 
  if the tories want to change that constitutional convention then they should dissolve government and run an election on a new parliament act . 
  the lords are doing exactly what they should be doing . 
  yes labour and the lds are playing politics just like the tories are . 
  when it boils down to it the appropriate time for this bill is after the next election . 
  between all the politics this is unusual to raise a bill that deals with issues that belong to the next government . 
  it is also unusual to parliament act a bill that does n't have a proper mandate ( regardless of what the polls say ) . 
  the tories do n't want to run on a referendum . 
  they know that when push comes to shove it is n't a compelling election issue * and holds they vulnerable to being flanked on something actually relevant . 
  they should n't be allowed to dodge this . 
  if you want it then campaign on it . 
  * even if there is a majority against the eu most have it somewhere down the bottom of issues they care about . 
  the parliament act was brought in because the lords were blocking policies that had a clear cut popular mandate . 
  that is n't the case here because nobody has campaigned on the referendum . 
  he wo n't have time to force it through using the parliament act . 
  it would also be a flagrant abuse of the mechanism . 
  this referendum was not in the tory or ld manifestos ( no the ld pledge to have a referendum on treaty changes does n't apply to a random vote ) so there is no justification of the parliament act . 
  they are very unlikely to get the bill through before an election now . 
  who blocked it is besides the point . 
  the tories were trying to pass a bill for a referendum under a government that might not even be them . 
  this is n't normal practice . 
  the fact the tory peers decided to ignore the conventions normally used is irrelevant . 
  in my experience consensus nearly only happens when the public disagree . 
  just agreeing with each other is a normal state of affairs we do n't give a label to . 
  consensus is when the politicians want to do something that will hurt them in elections . 
  the nhs does great for what we spend on it . 
  nearly every nation that does better spends a lot more . 
  a good number who do worse spend a lot more . 
  not to mention that anyone who is a celebrity who is a bit common gets treated mercilessly . 
  consensus is about denying democracy . 
  if all the voters agreed then political consensus would be completely unnecessary . 
  effectively consensus forces the public to replace the entire apparatus to impose their will . 
  it is a vile anti-democratic concept . 
  it was always going to be killed . 
  cameron wanted it killed . 
  that is why he introduced a bill that properly should have been raised after the next election , following an election campaign based upon a referendum . 
  yes but the only compelling evidence against knox is that the convicted murdered gave her name in order to reduce his own sentence . 
  the only other relevant facts are : 1 . 
  the victim had dna from knox . 
  pretty irrelevant given they live together . 
  it is impossible to live with someone without getting their dna on you . 
  knox lied . 
  she should be prosecuted for perjury but it does n't convict her of murder . 
  there seems very little to go on to deliver a guilty verdict . 
   the first major defeat for the prosecution was when the defense was able to convince the jury that the infinitely small chance of a random dna match somehow invalidated dna as evidence it is n't nearly as small as people think . 
  the types of dna profiling used even today would match 28 different people within 30 minutes travel in london . 
  any crime in a dense city is going to have a large number of dna matches . 
  that is why it needs to be backed up by corroborating evidence . 
  the italian system seems a lot like they keep having a go until they get the verdict they want . 
  it is a lot of bureaucracy for a case that is very short on evidence . 
  that is the fault of those ` west walians ' and their sister marrying ways . 
  are n't they talking about this in the uk now ? 
  it seems to have gone quiet . 
  i 'm not sure if that is because it passed or died . 
  it is a terrible idea .
