  if labour go right they 'll lose their voters everywhere else . 
  they are screwed either way and need more than just a new message . 
  economic performance is nothing to do with spending one way or another . 
  the truth is more economies go roughly in cycles and particular governments might make those cycles worse or better . 
  however people tend to go running for austerity when the economy is struggling so those who propose cutting spending at all times do better . 
  the economy drives the political cycle rather than the other way around . 
  yes but all science ever does is disprove stuff . 
  nobody has ever actually proven anything in a lab . 
  science is the process of disproving claims until we are left with stuff we ca n't disprove . 
  that is why the lack of a claim it is proven is uninteresting . 
  they were never going to say otherwise even if they firmly believe the thing works . 
  the truth is until there is a theoretical framework which explains the phenomenon we could use this in actual vehicles and scientists would still treat it the same . 
  tbh most of the concern is the tories saying one thing and doing another . 
  i mean the tories have already come out and admitted they are going to more or less follow the pace of austerity labour supported at the election . 
  china bursting wo n't cause the harm people suppose . 
  a cheap source of basic manufacturing getting cheaper is hardly a problem for western economies . 
  the 90s crash was caused by the erm . 
  ok there is more research to do but at this point hundreds of independents have tested it and been unable to prove it does n't work . 
  they wo n't claim it works at any point . 
  if it works what will happen is we 'll have 40 years of nobody disproving it and scientists steadily saying `` well we have n't yet proven it does n't work '' . 
  at some point those scientists will retire and new scientists will treat it as a proven fact . 
  this happens every time something fundamental changes about science ( though it is n't certain this needs to violate conservation of momentum yet ) . 
  i 'm not saying that it definitely works but scientists not ruining their career by being non-committal does n't tell us anything . 
  we have enough and consistent reproductions , in tighter conditions , that there is cause for some optimism . 
  well there was the wondrous post imperial era where to avoid exploiting africans we avoided trade and forced huge sections of the continent into abject poverty . 
  we felt good that we were n't exploiting them though . 
  the ftl particle was never reproduced outside of this context . 
  it is n't necessary that this drive actually violates conservation of momentum . 
  there are various outs that might turn out to conserve momentum while allowing the drive to work . 
  nasa have already suggested one model though obviously it is unproven . 
  nasa have proven the drive works . 
  although they found much lower thrust than other claims . 
  to be fair we helped the war along by being a bit evasive about whether we would join or not . 
  if britain had been more belligerent there would probably have been less war . 
  of course it has been argued we intentionally told different stories to different parties because we wanted war . 
  their dragon has eyes that look off in odd angles . 
   why does wales have a dragon anyway ? 
  the dragon was a standard used by a particular roman emperor who set up the roman british nobility back in ages past ( the welsh noble houses all claimed descent from some daughter of said emperor but the truth of that is debatable ) . 
  the dragon then became a symbol of the now separated roman britain during the saxon invasion . 
  given that wales is the last part of roman britain that held out it ended up associated with wales . 
  henry tudor was the first english king recognised as king of the britons by the welsh nobility so he was happy to develop the association . 
  he even fought under the red dragon during his war for the english throne . 
  the normans were the first to revive the associations between wales and roman britain though . 
  they wanted to delegitimise the outgoing saxon rulers so heavily promoted that particular version of history . 
  this is where arthur and similar end up becoming english heroes if anyone wants to know how england ended up with a hero who despised and fought the saxons . 
  so yeah people being pretentious about some legitimacy extending from rome that abandoned the island a century or so before the wre collapsed entirely . 
  as if they are going to stop selling oil . 
  right now saudi arabia need more customers . 
  france we have you surrounded !, 
  surrender your fromage and accept cheese into your heart !, 
  you know how rich those african countries were when nobody was trading with them ? 
  yes there is . 
  we do n't want a belligerent russia on our borders . 
  regardless of the short term mind set of current leaders . 
  you are assuming the eu could agree on anything . 
  germany has basically been trying to find good cause to ignore what russia are doing in ukraine since the crisis started . 
  france has been trying to find an excuse to keep selling them weapons . 
  britain wants to keep receiving the russia migrants ( but would n't mind forcing some wealth flight via sanctions ) . 
  i doubt they 'd care about excuses . 
  most russian excuses we hear are about eroding popular will in european countries to resist them . 
  without nato they 'd feel they 'd require this less . 
  if we got rid of nato russia would be more belligerent , not less . 
  wait it does n't have the giant bar suspension any more ? 
  but that was part of the horror/fun . 
  greece is going to still have unsustainable debt when the next crisis hits . 
  practically audi 's and vws are the same car . 
  they pretty much stick different badges on and sell one for # 4k more . 
  i remember when vauxhall ran their `` put the fun back into driving '' campaign in the uk . 
  if your definition of fun is being terrified because the shitty corsa 's breaks are made of sponge and the steering wheel seems unconnected to the wheels then yes it is very fun . 
   the mustang i 'm always tempted by the mustang . 
  it is the most horrible and amazing car at the same time . 
  every mate i know with a french car has had hilariously stereotypical reliability out of them . 
  i 'm not claiming anything beyond that but it is funny that i have 7/8 mates who 've all said `` well the stats say stuff does n't fall off citroens anymore '' only for them to basically become a parody of not starting classic french cars . 
  mondeo has gone from `` actually a decent car that nobody seems to buy '' all the way back to `` common as mud and would n't be seen dead '' in a very short space of time . 
  i blame top gear . 
  my brother has a mk1 focus and that thing refuses to ever show any pain or failure . 
  he 's convinced since that time the focus has been ruined . 
  diesels are only getting warmed up at 250k miles . 
  things started to turn around when ford decided to have the focus designed in germany . 
  we can insult the french and people pay attention now !, 
  the bolsheviks formed the ussr . 
  after ignoring the russian voters in an election they held . 
  for the uk : 1 . 
  british parliament to be selected by stv 2 . 
  separation of explicit and delimited english parliament from british parliament . 
  monetary concerns to be the sole preserve of british parliament . 
  mengps to be english mps . 
  english parliament to be held at special sessions of westminster . 
  equalising all regional parliaments to eliminate all variations of west lothian question 4 . 
  elimination of all corporation tax loop holes . 
  subsequent reduction of corporation taxes in line with tax loop holes . 
  companies that do n't spend all their money on tax optimisers should be rewarded . 
  companies that spend excess effort on tax optimisation can pay more . 
  i think changing the british parliament , giving the english a parliament and restructuring our tax laws is enough revolution . 
  we would n't be in an advantageous situation . 
  the uk has a very different economic tradition from germany . 
  we treat debt as a normal part of operations , not a sin . 
  this is after all the homeland of keynes . 
  while there may be doubt in the general theory these days germany never gave it any credence at any point . 
  uk in the euro would be like greece .
