  the german navy never again got to the point where it threatened the domination of the rn . 
  the fact that in one particular battle it favoured the germans is irrelevant . 
  we could better afford the losses . 
  anyway it was a bit of a silly comment about how britain had real-politik reasons to fight germany even if belgium was irrelevant . 
  as if we 'd miss an opportunity to blow up the german navy . 
  federal empire . 
  the emperor is elected by a college from the imperial states upon the death of the previous emperor . 
  the emperor has complete control of foreign policy ( though the imperial senate controls the money ) . 
  the imperial senate decides domestic policy . 
  tbh there are a lot of conspiracy theories swirling around ttip which make little sense . 
  the us were n't entirely enthusiastic about the project . 
  it is mostly being pushed by the eu for the benefit of the eu . 
  the reason some of the more odious stuff sticks around is the us is the party most prepared to not reach agreement . 
  treating it like some kind of atlanticist conspiracy when the us are luke warm about the project seems weird . 
  to be fair we do n't blame the argentinians for anything other than trying to seize a bunch of islands that want nothing to do with them . 
  we do n't particularly care about argentina in any other context . 
  the evidence is needed to disarm the chamberlains of the world . 
   should n't mention the war at all in germany i mentioned it once but i think i got away with it . 
  at it same time it should also be noted that it worked this way in the west as well . 
  the `` elites '' tended to be pro-gay rights earlier than the general population . 
  hopefully this process works in the balkans too . 
  that is because the issue is political rather than resources . 
  having a unified army does nothing to help with the fact half the eu are quite happy to sell ukraine to russia . 
  the return of the puritans certainly is causing some issues for the coe . 
  the truth is the more evangelical branches of the church , inspired by some american influence , are dominating the coe outside of britain . 
  that influence is now leaking back into the uk itself causing the coe to have its loyalty divided between its constitutional role in the uk and to its members and their beliefs . 
  all at a time where the coe trends ever closer to bankruptcy . 
  they were until the gays got hold of them . 
  now they are confused . 
  well they are all trying to keep us eurogays happy so they can join the eu . 
  so there is probably some `` see we are modern too '' voting going on . 
  well the eu is the best eu . 
  i heard they are in the middle of some rebellion . 
  we 'll get around to that eventually . 
  progress on every street corner . 
  i 'm saying that open europe at best says leaving wo n't be good for the uk . 
  their position as a political think tank is relevant . 
  if the best argument they can conjure is that `` it 'll be bad but not that bad '' then it suggests they could n't actually find any supporting argument . 
  honestly i think the leaning of meps is precisely a reason to stay in . 
  right now we have a defence against this and we are winning . 
  without it the moderates end up supporting the lunatics and the treaty obligations that constrain the eurozone supremacists go out the window . 
   but the laissez-faire liberalism where everyone is free to do his or her thing , will be replaced by a much more conservative set of values , where modesty , decency and respect for religion have a higher priority . 
  no it will not . 
  if anything europe is currently leaning more towards liberalism than it ever has . 
  this is the generation of gay marriage . 
  yes but if we were n't in the eu it 'd be in the eu 's interest which is a far larger opponent . 
  at the very least they 'd allow germany to take the gloves off in this regard . 
  open europe was literally set up to be opposed to a political eu . 
  its vision of europe is a trade only zone . 
  this is literally the position of mainline euroscepticism . 
  right now london is in the eu . 
  why on earth would the eu care about moving what london does ? 
  when london is n't in the eu they 'll care . 
  the fact that a eurosceptic propaganda machine like open europe can at best say that `` well it wo n't be that bad and we should n't be worried about this anyway '' is pretty damning . 
  apparently there is an exception for tanks in the ban on tracked vehicles on our roads . 
  well tank columns are n't road legal in the uk so not a problem . 
  the traditional right wing papers have been backing down over their lies for some time now . 
  it was always going to happen . 
  i 'm sure romania are to blame somehow . 
  they are both down that direction . 
  bit the same really . 
  obviously the balkans should be divided between british , french and german occupation zones . 
  these zones will naturally give considerable weight to cultural , religious and ethnic boundaries and wo n't at all be decided by what looks pretty in geography classes . 
  greece gets macedonia obviously . 
  on top of my unilaterally giving them west anatolia in the erdogan thread . 
  obviously the only option is to arrest all turks . 
  then hand western anatolia back to greece ( they need it to pay debts ) . 
  what is this claiming stuff next to you ? 
  you obviously need to claim stuff near south america and china . 
  liking leaders tends to be a relative thing . 
  because anyone who might challenge him gets an accident or turns out to be a criminal . 
  of course he has high approval ratings . 
  there is no alternative due to a grand array of coincidence that means he is the only leader that is viable . 
  clarkson has done it before . 
  they had top gear without clarkson before . 
  it was awful . 
  think it 'll go the way of totp and grandstand . 
  these shows do n't last forever . 
  they get retired , everyone cries horror and then people move on . 
  it 'll probably be replaced with some god awful talent contest . 
   they were equally obsessed with cost-savings if they were worker run they 'd be obsessed with cost savings . 
  that stuff is what saves your job . 
  if we are honest the one move forward the allied army made , moving into the low countries , was already disastrous . 
  if everyone had held their entrenched positions it would have been much harder for germany . 
  i doubt it . 
  russia would have suffered from the grand continental blockade even more than germany . 
  they were utterly dependent upon the us to even eat . 
  there is also the fact russia had no meaningful air force and the allies were good at long range strategic bombing . 
  it would have taken years to pull it off though . 
  there is also the fact the us can invade from the east without much trouble . 
  my cousin was pissing about with a frenchman . 
  suddenly i felt a great sense of brotherhood with our german friends in europe . 
  somebody else needs to look after them for a while . 
  joint custody with france seems like a sane compromise . 
   funnily enough the uk seems to have benefitted from a sort of general moral sense that it is harshly cutting to meet its obligations i do n't think the markets are daft enough to listen to the rhetoric too much . 
  the propaganda about vicious cuts persists because the tories convinced everyone that vicious cuts were necessary . 
  they ca n't easily turn around and say `` well turns out we were wrong and we 've changed and look economic growth '' politically . 
  whatever is done now has to be called austerity . 
  there is more than one reason . 
  the uk , despite rhetoric , is running the tamest possible form of austerity .
