  for instance the uk carriers were supposed to be easy to refit for cats and traps but it looks like the contractors dicked us . 
  of course nobody will ever sue the contractors for this . 
  i believe having cats is a requirement if we want to put rafales on board so that gets in the way of co-operation here . 
  in fact there is a conspiracy theory that bae intentionally gimped the contract so the uk military would n't dump the eurofighter . 
  if we run f/a 18s or rafales for the navy it starts to look very grim for the typhoon . 
  the raf will surely want to take advantage of the efficiencies involved in running the same equipment chain as the navy . 
  bae really does n't want to hand a bunch of business to dassault . 
  i suspect increasingly you 'll see britain and france will be closer on future military r&d projects . 
  if the strategic picture changes then the business picture will have to adapt to suit . 
  we do n't want to end up in a situation again where we have two planes with similar capabilities but neither is compatible with each nations infrastructure . 
  at the same time as the us alternative looks to be struggling for funding . 
  * having two new governments in both places does n't help, 
  unifying the armed forces of the member states is a non-starter while there is such a gap between the members . 
  ironically this is an area france and britain get along well with but are out of step with everyone else . 
  of course arguably if there was unity then the rest of the eu would have to quickly change their approach once it becomes apparent how much nato has worked in the quiet interest of eu politicians over the decades . 
  nk would be less challenging simply because of how broken the population is . 
  sad fact but they would probably accept anything . 
  the question is what china does . 
  the other question is how much of seoul would survive the first week . 
  good luck getting anyone in the uk learning a second language . 
  we are intellectual midgets in this regard . 
  i think the sheer ignorance in the uk makes english more difficult to swallow . 
  i would n't support esperanto . 
  if we are going to construct something out of thin air we 'd be better off going with latin . 
  at least there 'd be a cultural reason behind it . 
  as it is i 'd rather we picked french , german or spanish if we are rejecting english . 
  there does seem to be a disjoint also between nations that can speak second language english as if it were their primary ( lots of scandinavians ) and nations that are only now picking up on english and perhaps do n't have the same culture of `` learn all of the languages '' . 
  ironically i find europeans generally speak excellent english . 
  it becomes more jarring when you have a bunch of native speakers with their own dialects . 
  second language speakers * tend to favour received pronunciation and standard english . 
  * at least in europe, 
  we should make a language that unifies german , latin and french . 
  that would be a truly european language . 
  did n't he start his political career because the italian government were talking about breaking up his empire ? 
  essentially they feared he had too much power . 
  so to prove them wrong he made himself leader . 
  patents is really not a good measure of research output . 
  i 'd go with scientific paper citations . 
  eastern europe is that scary place we do n't talk about !, 
  to be fair all forms of christianity are fading . 
  i think any reform takes us towards a confederation . 
  essentially giving parliament more primacy . 
  more ability to drive legislation . 
  however if you do this you also need to add in the checks and balances such a system expects . 
  personally i 'd like to see the boundaries of eu power well defined . 
  also i 'd like to see a more rigorous process for expansion of powers defined . 
  i think eu `` constitutional amendments '' should require a majority in the eu parliament , support from the governments and a referendum of the public * . 
  the eu needs to avoid farces like repeated no votes ignored by governments . 
  that is the real problem with the eu . 
  as it moves more towards something that looks like a government it is no longer acceptable for the direction to simply be set by the heads of state . 
  a trade block does n't need a direct democratic mandate but a political union certainly does . 
  personally i 'd be opposed to any new eu treaty that does n't secure direct democratic oversight of future expansion . 
  * which i think should require something like 50 % overall and a majority in at least 75 % of the members . 
  the falklands are recognised in the current eu treaty as british territory . 
  the nato treaty explicitly discounts colonies . 
  if someone settled an island hundreds of miles from the uk i doubt we 'd care . 
  which is what spain and the uk have essentially agreed upon . 
  however gibraltar keep vetoing it . 
  yes and the uk is entirely within their rights to ignore them while that is their approach . 
  everyone knows holland is best netherland . 
  tbh i 'm not sure marx is all that relevant . 
  he may have been a key figure in developing the movement but reading das kapital to learn about modern socialism would be like reading wealth of nations to judge the current economic crisis . 
  yeah the nazi 's are seen as evil because their ideology is directly evil . 
  communists just historically used evil means . 
  the ideology was n't the problem ( ethically , practicality is another whole thing ) . 
  stop making nigel farage look sane !, 
  different kinds of peace . 
  the eu is directly responsible for the end of the whole madness of switching alliances around britain , france and germany to see who can cause the most bullshit on the continent . 
  nato secured europe from external threats . 
  something that europe never faced historically . 
  honestly the terms and conditions do n't matter . 
  what google does is illegal in the eu regardless of what they put in the terms and conditions . 
  which is why the ec is still chasing down them and facebook . 
  android is freedom . 
  iphone is capitalism . 
  the reds have neither . 
  i 've switched to chrome because i like having the same bookmarks on my phone , tablet and desktop . 
  yeah essentially coke are importing a bunch of stuff and selling it for profit . 
  if they do n't do it someone else will . 
  they 'll still make a profit tax or otherwise . 
  there is no part of this chain where spain can lose out . 
  my point is centrism is n't really a position . 
  it is like making a decision of which life boat from a sinking ship is going to safety . 
  then deciding the best way is to have a foot in both boats because at least 50 % of you will be in the right boat . 
  this likely sinks both boats and kills the centrist . 
  centrism is a tool of political compromise . 
  it is sometimes necessary to get things done but should never be the focus of a political party . 
  especially because sometimes you have more than two axis of debate . 
  political parties should essentially be conservative other than the issues about which they are not conservative . 
  i seriously dislike this idea of defining ones self as a radical , conservative or centrist . 
  none make any sense . 
  i 'm conservative about any plan to replace the air with helium . 
  i 'm radical about getting rid of agricultural subsidies . 
   in the eu , a man get 20 % more money than a woman for doing the same job . 
  i 've never seen this demonstrated . 
  it was claimed in the uk but it was essentially an artificial argument generated by equivocating part time and full time work . 
  when the details were unravelled it turned out the real imbalance was that women were paid more than men for part time work . 
  however the huge tendency for women to choose part time work skewed the overall picture so they were paid less per year . 
  nobody is going to give up a market because they are being taxed a little . 
  it is insulting to think people are this stupid .
