  was n't as if he woke up one day and decided `` today i 'm going to betray my country '' . 
  the battle of austerlitz was famously turned after napoleon personally led the french raptor cavalry on a charge against the austrian flank . 
  there 's also all that stuff about spilling blood everywhere which is designed for the french revolution . 
   granted , at the moment france , the uk , even spain have military power comparable to that of germany britain has military power comfortably ahead of germany . 
  as does france . 
  the difference is britain is n't in the eurozone . 
  why should we be involved in what is essentially a bail out to prop up the euro ? 
  we 've explained at length what would go wrong with the euro . 
  nobody wanted to listen . 
  why should we be paying for problems that could have been pre-empted at maastricht ? 
   i hope that greece will take this chance , that i think will be the last it gets . 
  it is utterly inevitable that we will be here again in 3/4 years . 
  greece can not possibly avoid it . 
   and ( sorta ) the biggest military no they do n't . 
  both france and the uk have large militaries . 
  tbh being hung up on laws when reality dictates that the law is terrible is one of the huge problems in this whole crisis . 
  the law has to bend to society , not the other way around . 
  the treatment of law as a god rather than a tool has been a big eye opener . 
  it wo n't affect my vote but it makes me more nervous about the eu than i was previously . 
  none that anyone cares about . 
  after south german union , sudtirol !, 
  surely now is the time to reclaim hre ? 
  the uk 's position right now is `` let us get out of the way so you can do the sensible thing and get into a full union before you ruin all the economy '' . 
  we 've swung from fully against two speed europe to fully in favour . 
  please two speed europe . 
  beyond that we are n't in the room . 
  the uk talking about matching fiscal , political and monetary boundaries will only cause absurd people to automatically react against that suggestion . 
  nice split between those nations who 'll be following greece in exit while the going is good as well imo . 
  at least in a sane world . 
  which most historians agree did not happen . 
  this is already positioned to make the great depression look like a minor downturn . 
  a grexit wo n't change the fundamental problems of the ez . 
  it 'll just be portugal on the bottom of the pile next time . 
  grexit is like cutting off a leg to try and solve gangrene without getting at the source of the infection . 
  the idea that this is a solution is the biggest part of the problem here . 
  even upholding the stability criteria will not be enough . 
  or more correctly upholding the stability criteria in the long term will create a massive reduction in quality of life on an on going basis for the weaker members . 
   something that should have been done 5 years ago . 
  should have been done at the maastricht treaty . 
  tbh hating germany or greece is besides the point . 
  the problem in the whole crisis is right at the heart of the euro . 
  the danger here is nothing gets fixed . 
  we 're seeing the cumulation of mitterand 's project to force political change using euro imbalances and a lever . 
  it has n't turned out as he expected . 
  i think it 'll be maybe portugal 20 years from now and will we see a proper resolution then or a new demonisation of everyone ? 
  none of these countries had to cut anything like greece had to . 
  does n't seem to be the right thing in the case of tsipras . 
  he was actually willing to do reforms that nobody else was willing . 
  the sticking point has always been debt relief . 
  extend and pretend always works out well for everyone . 
  well there is a process for designing bills before they become law . 
  for instance in the uk by convention wrecking amendments from the house of lords are just ignored completely . 
  they are n't illegal but parliament tends to defend itself from it . 
  i 'd assume most bodies would have some kind of response against wrecking amendments . 
  although the specifics of how the uk parliament works and the history of it helps . 
   proposal is amended to actually abolish freedom everywhere are wrecking amendments legal in germany ? 
  this is like saying if we understood gravity nobody would ever fall over again . 
  i object to my area of the nation being labelled as protestant . 
  there needs to be recognition of the growing worship of the light in this area . 
  at least 3 people have agreed with me that luther was a darkfriend . 
  the uk spent a century squeezing the noose on gun ownership here . 
  us commentators are entirely right that you can not just ban guns . 
  no you have to spend a century taking control of supply chains and securing the border . 
  as recommended by greek state workers !, 
  yes but the actual target area changes much faster . 
  i 'm not opposed to gm i just want to see it regulated properly . 
  the us has basically no real regulation for food stuff beyond silly things like banning kinder eggs . 
  gm crops needs to be regulated somewhere between normal food and medicine . 
  the faster part is the problem . 
  thousands of years of selective breeding allowed a degree of care . 
  it is like saying we are still hitting a wall but now we are just doing it faster !, 
  the speed is part of the issue . 
  we obviously need a much more intense regulatory approach to gm because of how much changes . 
  we certainly would not want to adopt the americans light weight regulatory system in the eu . 
  is n't that partially the point . 
  the troika are on the bridge as well . 
  eu needs it 's cato the elder style characters . 
  ca n't have politics without insane people . 
  the overall eu budget is tiny relative to the budgets of nations . 
  something like that but hopefully not as politically screwed up as the barnett formula is . 
  the barnett system is designed around what is politically viable rather than what is right . 
  it screws most of england , largely in favour of london and ni . 
  a transfer union is where poorer regions in a political block are given more money than average in a union . 
  this is designed to counter balance the biases built into monetary policy ( among other things ) . 
  no question greece has a lot of problems . 
  problems that are incredibly expensive to resolve . 
  you 'd have to have fiscal , political and monetary consolidation to fix greece . 
  but i think monetary is the least important of those . 
  you could have a fiscal and political union which all used different currencies just fine . 
  i think it is inevitable now . 
  this stuff is complicated . 
  you ca n't really blame germans for thinking this is all greeks fault and vice versa . 
  telling a german engineer that a large part of the growth in his companies prospects has come because of an oddity in how the eurozone works is not something he can accept . 
  you ca n't put your hands on monetary policy . 
  we have what we have though . 
  a huge wealth transfer going on via monetary policy without a reciprocal fiscal transfer policy . 
  what has gone on in the eurozone will create winners and losers for centuries to come . 
  it 'll breed a lot of resentment once it becomes more commonly known how this stuff works . 
  i do n't think you 'll achieve one . 
  the truth is a few nations are benefiting from the status quo .
