  well it is hard to parody the catholic church . 
  mighty union so grand even farmers have tanks . 
  tbh it sounds more like ireland needs a giant referendum to remove from the constitution stuff that should n't be on the constitution . 
  marriage laws are not remotely a constitutional issue . 
  the contract wrangling after such a move would last for decades on end . 
  every non-european player at a uefa club would be forced to choose between their club contract and their obligations to play in fifa tournaments . 
  need to involve china . 
  there is some nice manchuria they could take back . 
  loads of old socialists have spent so long defending russia that : 1 . 
  they 've forgotten what ethics looks like . 
  all is tolerable in the proletarian revolution . 
  they 've not noticed that russia is n't socialist anymore . 
  they are primed to defend russia against all manner of reasonable criticism . 
  i mean these people defended tanks in prague . 
  i think the general pass russia got for everything has become a cultural norm for those opposed to `` western imperialism '' . 
  obviously not . 
  why would the judged get a vote ? 
  new law , all people younger than / u/angrypirateyarrr are to be banned from voting . 
  do not underestimate the power of the merkel side . 
  the agricultural policy is n't insane in any other regard than how it is funded . 
  they are though the same rules apply . 
  essentially they carry in case they need to be drawn off into a proper fire arms role . 
  they wo n't ever draw their gun on the beat . 
  admittedly there are other problems with this approach . 
  food prices will drop dramatically if we left cap actually . 
  cap pushes prices up not down . 
  britain has a terrible history with abuse of human rights . 
  this is the nation that invented secret trials and bills of attainder . 
  we need some kind of check precisely because otherwise our parliament can do absurd things on a whim . 
  pretty much the entire us constitution on rights was written as a destruction of all the daft things britain and the british parliament did routinely . 
  the government wants to change it for their own short sighted temporary needs . 
  this is precisely why it should be difficult for a government to change it . 
  tbh they put the armed police on the beat due to budget constraints . 
  drivers licenses are entirely optional . 
  if you are getting stack wiped then you are n't managing your armies properly . 
  you must always be prepared to fight and then run away . 
  then your manpower will see you through . 
  tbh i 'm not sure how much has really changed . 
  power politics has always dominated europe . 
  britain and france were enemies until germany was a larger threat than either . 
  ww2 taught us that europe is n't so important . 
  that germany is hardly the biggest threat to british or french interests that exists . 
  regardless of your viewpoint on atlanticism , it is n't a good thing that europe could so easily be sucked into the sphere of the us ( or the ussr ) . 
  ideally europe approaches that relationship as equals . 
  nearly all of the post ww2 thinking in europe has been along these lines . 
  nobody is out actively hating gypsies . 
  however our societies genuinely have no idea how to deal with their style of life and its impact on ours . 
  tbh the whole concept of the west was constructed in opposition to constantinople . 
  after the fall of the wre there was a huge perceived legitimacy gap between the western kingdoms and the byzantines . 
  so yeah it does n't necessarily derive from graeco-roman culture directly though obviously has influences from it . 
  modern western traditions are a very different thing that did grow up among the philosophers of the western powers during the imperial era . 
  chinese and indian culture is n't as unidirectional as believed anyway . 
  hell india was not one thing when britain arrived there . 
  i 'd argue the western tradition has been towards differentiation rather than unity anyway . 
  we 've sought to surpass rather than pine towards the past . 
  even today our drive is to not repeat the mistakes our ancestors made . 
  anti-imperialism , the eu , the drive towards human rights . 
  it is all a judgement that our ancestors made a bloody mess of things . 
  we do n't have a myth of eternal culture for this reason . 
  finally eurovision will bring germany and britain together !, 
  we are useful attack dogs for germany who can then be the big compromisers . 
  that is why britain is in the centre of every shitty argument in europe for about 30 years . 
  we make a lot of noise and then germany says to france `` well we could do what britain wants or you could agree with me '' . 
   the referendum is going to relatively close . 
  i do n't think it will . 
  there are far more real threads of personal anger in the scottish independence debate . 
  i mean frankie boyle , famous scottish comedian , suggested that if they sent scotland 5m shovels they 'd hand thatcher over to the devil directly . 
  this kind of mentality is very strong . 
  otoh europe is more a technical debate . 
  nobody really hates europe . 
  it is just there in the background and people do n't know what to think about it at large . 
  i think you are misreading the situation if you see this as somebody being fooled . 
  right now people are backing down from positions they 've been arguing for over a decade . 
  they are looking for an excuse to allow them to back away while saving face . 
  that is why the polling for unspecified reforms is so massively pro-european . 
  particularly some sections of the media will be looking at how they can sell being pro-european without being completely hypocritical about it . 
  i think there wo n't be even minor concessions under the threat of an exit . 
  if the eu allows there to be even a perception that britain has benefited from this it will be disastrous for the body . 
  i fully expect the eu to be aggressive on the issue so whatever comes out of the vote there will be no question of compromise under threat of exit . 
  after this , assuming we stay in , there 'll probably be some grand reunion moment where we get some reform . 
  in all circumstances the four pillars of the common market will not be weakened . 
  we could likely achieve service sector integration if we play it right . 
  yeah i think russia has created real problems for themselves . 
  even if they do manage to slice off some puppet republic they now have yet another nation on their border who despises them . 
  ukraine will remember this for a thousand years and russia finds itself digging new holes for itself . 
  yeah the interesting thing in this whole crisis is the uk has just absorbed the unemployed of europe as the eurozone leaders watch the ship burn around them . 
  that is a big part of the reason our economy grows while our wages stagnate . 
  the pound is exactly where it normally is against the dollar . 
  the 2:1 rate was the outlier . 
  they have economic sanity rather than some gigantic `` who can be most moral '' contest which dominates eurozone policy making . 
  the only reason their economy is growing at all is because they stopped making cuts . 
  rules like that are a hold over from the break up of the empire . 
  where a lot of people did n't know what nationality they were . 
  yeah and everyone bitches that the uk does n't pay enough money , despite the second largest net contribution . 
  how can it be democratic if people ca n't even read the ballot ? 
  us bankruptcy laws just let you walk away from debt far more easily . 
  in the uk bankruptcy will have the debt hounding you for life . 
  any time you actually make more than # 0 you 'll have to pay some amount of the debt . 
  bankruptcy is a big problem . 
  we need us style bankruptcy laws .
