  yes portugal gets overlooked ... 
  i notice there is nothing for britain . 
  none of you people are worthy of being british !, 
  what you need to understand is that any russian would have volunteered so when they are russified they must have volunteered . 
  simple . 
  yes as they are tied to both the euro and their money is a big part of what wo n't get paid . 
  imf just pulls out . 
  berlin gets to watch greece crash and burn . 
  everyone loses their money . 
  euro tanks . 
  all fun and games . 
  i was n't even aware the ni parties had a position on it . 
  it is all part of the same thing . 
  benefits cuts reduces the effective wages of workers . 
  other countries reforming themselves would just kick off a race to the bottom . 
  the german reforms were largely about cutting wages . 
  if others did what germany did then the german surplus would disappear . 
  yes but those are some way off . 
  there is also a raft of evidence suggesting wages have progressed in immigration hot spots in line with the national norm . 
  there is literally no relation between how wages for british people have increased/decreased and the proportion of migrants in the area . 
  nearly all the areas `` struggling with immigration '' have been struggling since thatcher but only now is it blamed on polish people ( would have been crass blaming poland in 1985 ) . 
  elo ( and all systems ) is always going to be a balance between stability and speed . 
  there are constants that can be adjusted to speed it up but at the cost of reducing the stability of the results . 
  elo which is n't surprising given that the odds of team x winning is supposed to be elo ( x ) / ( elo ( x ) + elo ( y ) ) . 
  it is literally designed for that outcome . 
  it is n't called a constitution but it is in fact a constitution . 
  well we need nato to put planes on them . 
  honestly most of the additional expense is going on adventures . 
  we do this because soldiers practically only learn by doing . 
  germany decides what is in their constitution . 
  nobody else . 
  higher powers for a higher team . 
  the elo ratings are statistically sound . 
  whereas the fifa ranking system was made up by ex-football men . 
   belgium ranks higer than everybody else in europe ( and in the world , except for argentina ) ? 
  obviously a reward for beating mighty wales . 
  the uk was the sick man of europe when we joined the eu . 
  we were the laughing stock of the world in that time period . 
  everyone was predicting us to become a nation like spain or italy in relevance on the world stage . 
  joining the eu is n't solely behind the turn around but it ca n't have hurt that much . 
  given that we went from being something like the ottoman empire to having a stable and solidly improving position . 
  phone polling is consistently showing +10 % and upwards . 
  internet polling is showing about 2-5 % remain lead . 
  the question is which mechanism is more reliable . 
  the bookies seem to think the phone polls have it right . 
  there is a suspicion of ukip manipulation of online polls . 
  at the moment both approaches are showing remain getting further ahead regardless . 
  weighting contests is the most idiotic concept sporting institutions have ever come up with . 
  there is no sane statistical justification of it . 
  either a game is competitive or not . 
  if it is competitive then the seriousness of the competition is the same for both sides . 
  no competitive advantage comes from it so giving additional ranking points makes zero sense . 
  the term comes from upper class twits who practically educated the colonies . 
  that is why they all called it soccer . 
  the only people who mentioned ww3 were the leave campaign . 
  we 've had wars in europe relatively recently . 
  western europe might be roughly stable but if the eu collapsed i 'm not at all convinced that eastern europe would stay as peaceful as it is today . 
  also the eu is making actual progress in putting an end to the whole ex-yugoslavia eternal crisis so that is a point in the favour of that argument . 
  i have a particular side . 
  that does n't mean the leave campaign have n't been ridiculously following any attempt to introduce facts and figures into the debate `` well do you really trust this person '' . 
  i dislike treating any attempt to put the debate on solid ground as a crime . 
  it is all a mess because one side of the campaign rejects any and all facts and analysis . 
  particularly when for their part they say `` well really there is no plan other than leaving , who knows what we 'll do after we leave '' . 
  you can both have a side and straight up recognise unreasonable actions from the opposition . 
  trade is and always will be utterly dominated by physical reality . 
  yes back when economies were poor it was normal to drag goods from australia . 
  that is a large part of why economies were poor back then . 
  mercantilism was a silly idea and one we are gladly free from . 
  without concerns of empire to dominate concerns of trade it makes no sense at all to not allow transportation costs to heavily dominate trade norms . 
  i do n't think many remain people argue that the eurozone is in a good place . 
  the main argument is leaving does not physically move the uk . 
  most of our trade will still be with the eu ( indeed a core leave argument is trade wo n't reduce at all ) . 
  the impact of any potential eurozone collapse will hit the uk equally hard no matter whether we are in , out or rename the nation mars in hopes we can distance ourselves metaphorically . 
  physical facts wo n't change regardless of political reality . 
  thus the eurozone stability debate is completely irrelevant . 
  we 're next door to france and have no option about being next door to france . 
  if france goes to hell with the eurozone then all those trade links with france will suffer as a result . 
  tbh this is simplistic . 
  both sides exaggerate but the brexit campaign is basically designed solely to produce the `` there is no truth so only gut feelings count '' mode of outcome . 
  the remain campaign pretty much directly follows the kind of predictions that economists were always going to make as nearly every economic school out there supports unified trade zones ( with freedom of movement being seen as a feature of a trade zone ) . 
  if you asked them hypothetically 10 years ago they 'd say the same thing . 
  whether people trust those sources is another issue . 
  it is n't really desperate for bodies to stick to what they 've claimed to be true for 40 years . 
  why would you take politicians seriously ? 
  well gibraltar has been around longer . 
  does n't work that way . 
  half of the wealth of the west is due to the fact women work as equals . 
  that is something you just can not bridge if your society oppresses women . 
  another big chunk of it is in small and medium businesses who exist because property rights are a thing in the west . 
  something which a lot of intermediate economies like russia and china have failed to bridge . 
  human rights are intrinsic to wealth in the broad sense . 
  to put it another way , if western countries managed to force women into traditional roles and had governments that acted above the law and seized businesses then our economies would drop to about third world levels pretty quickly . 
  you understand that your opposition sucks because putin always intimidates them ? 
  it produces a cooling effect such that nearly nobody will even attempt to run against him . 
  it has massively boosted german exports . 
  the tories have intentionally crippled the energy sources that are efficient ( which is pretty much onshore wind only ) . 
  i have no idea why they 've done this . 
  maybe they are fed up of people pointing out their nuclear contract is actually more expensive per joule than wind farms . 
  tbh i 'm kind of surprised portugal was n't maxed out for pumped hydro anyway . 
  people keep saying to do this in the uk but we 'd already maxed out pumped hydro because huge amounts of profit can be made by storing off peak energy until peak time .
