  this is n't even a production tax ( which is what could scare business a way ) . 
  a business who 's pure purpose is to sell stuff in your nation is n't going to run and would n't be missed if they did . 
  the economic crisis happened because of unlimited leverage . 
  bonuses do not come into it . 
  as much as it galls that people take bonuses for failure this is not a solution . 
  it does not put a block on the mechanisms that led to the failure . 
  fwiw the uk suggested a raised capital adequacy requirement . 
  something that would work and britain has established unilaterally anyway . 
  in spite of the fact it hobbles us internationally . 
  the eu rejected it because they want to reinflate the bubble . 
  an increased adequacy requirement stands in the way of spain pumping money back into their property market and starting the new crisis . 
  what annoys me is it is a clear move in bad faith . 
  there is no economic benefit from this . 
  it is a populist move that is badly thought out . 
  executed because the only loser is britain . 
  i do n't think they want to hurt britain . 
  they just do n't care that the policy they know to be terrible does in fact hurt britain . 
  all that is going to happen here is we will end up ignoring the rule . 
  doing otherwise is suicide and the eu acting in bad faith deserves bad faith in return . 
  i do n't believe in centrism . 
  it is usually an excuse for polluting good ideas with remnants of bad ones . 
  i would consider voting for centre right parties that were n't hobbled by a tradition of anti-eu sentiment for the sake of vague principles . 
  i do n't believe in `` opportunities '' . 
  if ukip do take seats off the tories it will cripple the british political process . 
  pr wo n't be a nice thing as much as the only way the nation could continue to sensibly operate . 
  even if 80 % are against we 'll get electoral reform if a fourth party becomes viable . 
  you forget there is a huge minority , albeit a minority , that is simply fed up of the two party system . 
  a lot of ukips rise is as the outlet for the `` the system is the problem '' vote . 
  british politics is diversifying and i do n't see it reversing . 
  a split on the right is badly needed to bring sanity to this country . 
  if the tories do crack up then it opens the door for voting reform . 
  no sane country can operate on fptp with a four party split . 
  i find ukip to be odious idiots but they are useful odious idiots . 
  the other cool result of this is that ukip would monopolise the anti-eu aspect of the debate . 
  this forces labour to get real and presents the opportunity for the tories to go pro-eu . 
  we 'd end up with more political space that is solidly in favour of the union rather than a bunch of dithering parties . 
  the beginning of the end for them happened with griffins qt appearance . 
  admittedly this is because the bnp has a tendency to field candidates who are as ugly on the outside as the in . 
  the main reason fascism is again dying in the uk * is precisely because it is n't banned . 
  it was exposed to open air where it burned in the air of public opinion . 
  then again romania is not the uk . 
  * not that i think it was ever anything important . 
  winning 2 mep seats and some council seats is hardly relevant . 
  because they do n't want a bolter round to their face . 
  need to keep the hun in check . 
  iirc it is for fast reaction to problems in the middle east . 
  the troops were n't all about the cold war anyway . 
  it was always an implicit threat to germany as well . 
  though today that is naturally not an issue with nato begging germany to rearm . 
  nope we did n't win two wars for you to steal our humour !, 
  people have always been saying the current wave is crazy . 
  if anything i 'd argue feminism has had a healthy dose of reality the last two decades . 
  it really lost all its mind share in the late 80s and early 90s as people started to challenge the evidence and arguments directly . 
  there was a time where it was political suicide to go directly against feminism . 
  it is probably as sane as it has ever been right now . 
  the movement has had a long time in the political wilderness to think about it . 
  pickled horse . 
   what are the reasons for this ? 
  the main reason is we have n't run proper austerity for some time . 
  the tories have quietly backed off into a `` neither here nor there '' policy where we keep our spending as it is . 
  that has caused us to not tank as hard as we did in the first tory year where they tried to implement austerity proper . 
  this is also why we got downgraded . 
  the cras are n't impressed with our new austerity lite plan . 
  it is however a better way forward than running austerity as hard as we can . 
  the tories are talking a good fight on austerity but the truth is they 've abandoned the practice in reality . 
  now if only they could go ahead and run stimulus . 
  i drink instant with milk from a mug . 
  kerry is n't talking about austerity . 
  in fact the us government supports the exact opposite of what germany are doing . 
  he is referring to the general post war peace that has emerged . 
  this is n't a new thing . 
  kissinger asked which number he dials to speak to the man in charge of europe . 
  the original core austerity argument was based upon fiscal multipliers . 
  essentially there are two relevant multipliers on fiscal action : 1 . 
  how big an economic hit is caused by reduced state spending . 
  how big an economic boost would be caused by stimulus . 
  it is very simple . 
  if both of these numbers are small then austerity is a good policy . 
  if both of these numbers are big then stimulus is the better policy . 
  the assumption was they would be small . 
  in the us where they 've run stimulus the second figure has demonstrated to be much larger than expectations . 
  in the uk where we ran austerity ( for a year at least ) the first figure also turned out to be much bigger . 
  in short the basic assumptions behind austerity have been blown out of the water by figures in the real world . 
  they assumed < x. 
  in reality it was measured  x. 
  the argument is dead and the group of economists behind it have already apologised publicly . 
  the wonders of policy with a straight forward scientific criteria on which you can judge success . 
  especially in the otherwise tricky field of economics . 
  the americans have matched uk deficit reductions . 
  despite them spending wildly while the uk cut quite sharply at the beginning . 
  the second big concept in the uk was that it would stimulate spending . 
  businesses would increase borrowing in anticipation of future tax cuts . 
  essentially by getting our house in order businesses would have lower long term overheads so could justify greater expenditure via borrowing today . 
  this has n't materialised . 
  mainly because the banks have been forced to hold greater reserves post 2008 . 
  so the money to borrow simply is n't there . 
  the only reason austerity persists is because merkel , cameron , etc have bet their political careers on it . 
  if they admitted fault they 'd lose elections . 
  so we 'll plough on ahead until the economy forces the public to react and end their political careers anyway . 
  lets be clear though austerity is already undead .
