  at the price of raising european food prices dramatically and charging european tax payers for the privilege . 
  i agree that it achieved its objectives . 
  i just do n't think its objectives are remotely worthwhile . 
  the truth is it is kept about because certain countries are agricultural and others are not . 
  it is and remains a direct transfer mechanism from some members to others . 
  france and co should pay for it . 
  yes we all kicked out the puritans for a reason . 
  they enjoy being released on hapless continentals . 
  25 % of the german military were kept in reserve and they inflicted incredible casualties on the ussr without them . 
  yes that is why i said the sane thing was a compromise . 
  even a horrible one . 
  i think you underestimate how much germany and russia would have bled each other if germany felt its western borders were secure . 
  particularly if suddenly the rn got inefficient at blockading them . 
  some russian 's believe that is what we are doing in ukraine sadly . 
  britain developed the bomb in the interrim . 
  russia stole the british research . 
  it could n't have . 
  it only produced them after great effort and theft of british research on the topic many years later . 
  tbh the fire bombing and total air superiority negates the need for nukes . 
  we were fully capable of ruining cities without nukes . 
  nah the germans should have been given a blank cheque to fight the ussr with everything they had . 
  we could have sold stuff to both sides . 
  then when everyone is exhausted we could sweep into europe and remove them all . 
  or we can accept that the world is n't perfect and after half a century dominated by total war the intricacies of which states are vicious monsters are less important than peace . 
  the people responsible for cancelling the cancellation have been cancelled . 
   poles and czechs and lithuanians lived worse than the english and the french , but they still lived better than russians . 
  eastern european goods were held in high esteem throughout the ussr . 
  every ddr citizen who has seen brd wanted to live there , and every rsfsr citizen who has seen gdr wanted to live there . 
  so the visceral reaction is `` how can you claim to be oppressed if you lived better than us '' ? 
  if i took from you the ability to feed your family and then gave you 60 % of my food how would you feel ? 
  these nations did n't choose communism , communism chose them . 
  russia is to blame for the entire economic insanity that ruled that era . 
  it can not say `` we sacrificed the most to try and make up for the insanity we are imposing on you '' in response . 
  the russian complaints only make sense if those nations joined willingly . 
  they did not . 
  they suffered inferior standards of living because russia enforced upon them a system that demanded inferior standards of living . 
  the fact russia was n't hypocritical and also suffered does not change this basic fact . 
   so , what do you think it will take to put the past behind us ? 
  surely that takes an end of the russian status quo of invading its neighbours every 50 years ? 
  when will russia stop invading neighbouring countries ? 
  if wales was on the baltic and england is where ukraine is i 'd be asking america for nukes and troops . 
  i 'd be asking for tax increases to pay for a larger army so nobody can say we were prepared to let others defend us . 
  that is the only rational response . 
   cannon than both of them debateable . 
  the challenger 2 is the only tank in nato that still rifles its main cannon . 
  this gives the tank extra range , it proved pretty decisive in the gulf war as well . 
  outside of this the guns are all rated similarly and use the same ammunition . 
  has it actually been battle tested . 
  we 've seen the abrams and challenger 2 go into actual wars and not take a single loss under enemy fire . 
  right that is n't older hardware . 
  the german mainline tanks have a variant of the same chobham armour that was developed in the uk and is standard on the challenger 2 and abrams . 
  we 're talking about older tech . 
  anything that does n't have this is pretty much irrelevant . 
  afaik sat nav just works by pinging three satellites and triangulating . 
  you ca n't track doing that . 
  does it have the modern composite armour ? 
  if not it 'll die to a single tank round while being unable to do anything much in return . 
   i like the fuck it , let 's have fun attitude this is an interesting turn of phrase to describe cleavage . 
  france !, 
  you are ruining our west european circlejerk with your pathetic 10 !, 
  wait we are winning on something progressive ? 
  this is scary . 
  can we invade somewhere quickly please ? 
  what type of older hardware ? 
  the old tanks are pretty much useless . 
  aircraft also useless without retrofitting . 
  i suppose rifles and tents still work . 
  ah so you were here the entire summer . 
   scare the governing party away that is n't what happened . 
  yanukovich fled after the ukrainian parliament started impeachment proceedings . 
   are second-rank citizens with this new government the bulk of the population is ukrainian . 
  how are they second rank citizens ? 
  even if we accepted for a moment that kiev hates the russian minority ( which in general i do n't ) the fact is all of these `` rebelling '' regions have large ukrainian majorities . 
  east ukraine has a largish russian minority but it is n't remotely close to a majority . 
  we 'll use the polish entry to make immigration more popular . 
  if you wanted military protection then why are germany relevant ? 
  they have no real military to speak of . 
  there is also the yugoslavia reunion tour at the bottom . 
  i mean the 90s never happened right ? 
  it is n't so much the plane as what electronics and bvr weaponry it is carrying these days . 
  that is why the 70s platforms are still the bulk of existing airforces . 
  admittedly a mig-21 is pushing this theory harder than it should be pushed . 
  they were top while they were free though . 
  that figure is misleading though . 
  the soviets basically executed every german they captured . 
  that is why so many of the german soldiers that died did so on that front . 
  no question the eastern front had more heavy fighting but that particular figure exaggerates the situation . 
  they could have suppressed the rn from the air but it is a tricky operation ( at the time ) . 
  it is by no means certain and even with air superiority the germans had no real infrastructure for launching a naval invasion . 
  the german plan was to use french canal boats to cross the channel . 
  dunkirk in reverse but with boats that are n't even sea worthy and questionable sea control . 
   the uk would 've held for as long as it did this is revisionism . 
  the uk was getting stronger rather than weaker by the time germany invaded russia . 
  there was a moment in which the raf was at breaking point whereby a german invasion almost becomes viable , if unlikely . 
  once that point was passed the raf was growing faster than the luftwaffe . 
  by the time the battle of britain ended the german attrition rate was horrendous . 
  germany turned to russia after the stalemate in the west was completely secured . 
  if germany planned on invasion of the uk as the end of the war then they would have lost regardless . 
  there is no practical way that germany could have overturned the dominance of the rn . 
  you ca n't really invade without naval control .
