  inflation is a potential danger to the uk recovery . 
  the boe will have to raise interest rates at some point and it is a good and natural thing . 
  however the moment they do so the tories lose a mass of voters who have tracker mortgages . 
  it will also cool the housing market in general which will depress gdp numbers despite increasing the general purchasing power of the public . 
  russia is a metaphor for itself . 
  britain only extended the restrictions because of the past . 
  we were the only nation who allowed the polish in and that caused too much burden ( socially rather than economically ) than one nation can manage . 
  we 'll see this as the norm now . 
  every nation will take as much restriction as they can so they are n't the ones carrying the early burden for the whole union . 
  it 'd be better if every nation agreed to open the borders on day one . 
  however everyone has their domestic voters to appease . 
  the peaks and troughs are further apart . 
  the net benefit is a lot higher . 
  when it goes you notice . 
  that said banking in the past 10 years needs and is getting a lot of attention . 
  effective the echr is getting what it wants . 
  a system in which prisoners have some kind of recourse which is n't entirely unreasonable . 
  more on this . 
  how much are people afraid to touch islam mainly because of the judgement of white westerners . 
  there have been a lot of people ready to condemn simple free speech in the west . 
  we 're quick to blame islam and yes there are idiots making threats about images of mohammed . 
  however there is definitely a middle class white do gooder aspect to this whole problem . 
  same way that all these funny `` winterval '' programs in the uk are mainly at the behest of middle class crusaders rather than their supposed beneficiaries . 
  people 's perceptions about engineering are driven by luxury car brands . 
  this is why france and britain do n't do engineering . 
  the most popular cpu range on the entire planet ( accounting for something like 75 % of all processors ) is designed in the uk but we do no engineering at all . 
  i mean yes vws are amazing , i drive one , it is hardly a [ scramjet/rocket hybrid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skylon_\\ ( spacecraft \\ ) ) though is it . 
  i ca n't even imagine how we see ourselves as the least arrogant . 
  i would n't have us at the top but we blatantly have a relatively high opinion of ourselves . 
  we 've made an art of looking down on people because they do n't hate themselves enough . 
  we do n't think much of ourselves and that is why we are the best . 
  it is a very confused form of arrogance . 
  how do you even measure this stuff . 
  if you go by charity then britain is near the top internationally . 
  in fact nearly all the english speaking countries are in the top 10 . 
  i would n't say this makes britain the most compassionate but it certainly suggests we are nowhere near the least . 
  men of harlech is the obvious one for wales . 
  the only song in existence where nobody can agree what the lyrics are . 
  obviously there is an adaptation in the film zulu . 
  it is only really contentious with religious people . 
  it is contentious in the same way gay marriage was contentious . 
  you guys should bring back the pickelhaube . 
  it serves no practical purpose but a spike on a person 's helmet is just too awesome . 
  a strong euro is a terrible thing right now . 
  this is yet more deflation and more pain for the weaker members . 
  neoliberalism does n't even prescribe downsizing of government . 
  it prescribes privatisation which is n't the same thing . 
  regardless neoliberalism is n't what the eu has been pushing for . 
  just plain liberalism . 
  which part . 
  india effectively disengaged with the uk and helped form the non-aligned movement . 
  the screwing up bit was resisting it and then messing up the handover such that the country split in two . 
  scotland had a monarchy . 
  it is as much part of their culture as england 's . 
  yes which is why it is not core to the current independence debate . 
  my point was the republicanism has been debated and it was decided it was an argument for after independence . 
  the union is different in the case of wales to scotland . 
  england and wales have always been legally in union . 
  from roman times . 
  there was only a period where two different noble organisations disagreed on which one was in charge . 
  ending decisively with the tudors . 
  that said i think the secession of scotland will delegitimise the entire union in modern terms . 
  there will be more call from all sides for the end of the uk if scotland left . 
  shale gas wo n't reduce prices . 
  markets do not work that way . 
  every litre of british shale gas will be sold at market price . 
  the only benefits for the uk are : 1 . 
  a reduced trade deficit . 
  the british economy will be more owned by british people as a result . 
  a potential tax windfall from the extraction . 
  one thing that is not and never will be on the agenda is cheaper wholesale energy prices . 
  norway pay more for energy than us already . 
  i think scottish nationalism is republican but they 've decided to separate the issues . 
  essentially republicanism is an issue the snp will probably push the moment they achieve independence . 
  it is interesting seeing the dynamics of secessionism in the uk . 
  in wales pc are unrepentantly republican because that wins them votes . 
  in fact if the monarchy was dissolved i 'd go as far to say that welsh secession would never happen . 
  welsh people are more likely to take issue with the concept of nobility than the concept of union . 
  whereas in scotland the monarchy actively binds them to the union . 
  wales is pretty poor by british standards ( or even european , before poland joined wales was the poorest part of the eu ) but the clubs charge normal british prices . 
  what do they expect ? 
  the actual section of the welsh population playing rugby or football is pretty high but we lag hard on spectatorship . 
  it is what happens when you have silly unemployment for 30 years . 
  austerity is something else . 
  liberalising the eu has been in process pretty much from the 90s . 
  france is just a hold out . 
  did n't you read that graph ? 
  the deficit increased this year . 
  the deficit has increased this year . 
  you are downvoted because you are wrong . 
  austerity really has n't been done in the uk the past few years . 
  in 2010 we cut hard and the economy tanked . 
  since then the tories have made a lot of noise but there have been very few cuts . 
  the deficit recorded just 6 days ago is the highest deficit we 've ever seen in this country . 
  how is that austerity ? 
  the tories banked their reputation on austerity so they are pretending a budget neutral policy is actually austerity . 
  the whole militant atheist tag is an invention to attack secularists . 
  i see three ghosts appearing in your future . 
  the british empire was not cruel by the standards of the time . 
  half the reason it became as large as it did is because britain did n't collect baskets of hands .
