  this gives a stronger eu and hurts russia at the same time . 
  the problem with breeders is as of today it is just cheaper to mine more uranium . 
  france is carefully storing their spent fuel so they can breed it tomorrow but right now it makes little sense to set up expensive plants when cheap plants that eat already existing fuel can be used . 
  coal critically is n't an energy security issue . 
  it is easy to stockpile , cheap to mine and almost everyone has untapped reserves . 
  there is an ecological and social downside to mining but it is n't a security issue as such . 
  it is n't really buying russia gas that is the issue . 
  it is not having an alternative . 
  just developing that alternative would force russian gas prices to the floor . 
  you can hurt russia without even greatly reducing how much you buy . 
  for instance if we had stronger energy security russia can no longer do stuff like hike ukraines gas prices for political reasons . 
  it would be an end to their energy warfare campaign in eastern europe . 
  of course reducing general dependency on russia makes alternatives easier . 
  if we only have to secure half as much gas that is n't russian as before it makes the task simpler . 
  the biggest difficulty with renewables is usually planning law more than anything else . 
  in the uk the tories are simultaneously trying to break the planning system to bypass objections to fracking while making it even more trivial to block new wind farm builds . 
  a tremendous chunk of the planned cost for windfarm builds is dealing with bureaucratic road blocks . 
  it is a good question exactly how much energy is needed to store this co2 . 
  capture is n't free . 
  vat does n't hurt all people equally . 
  it hurts people who spend all of their money ( i.e. 
  the poor ) more than people who can afford to save . 
  anyone who has money left over for savings and investments , anyone who can write off expenses as a business cost , etc , does very well out of this . 
  all these people happen to be wealthier people . 
  it is pretty much outright designed as a tax on the poor . 
  i 'd say take care that your believe too much about your russian friends . 
  seek independence but always seek friendship . 
  the last thing you want is for russians and ukrainians to think of each other as british and irish did . 
  in the latter case both i think kept mutual respect eventually individually and restricted any hate to the institution . 
  such will hopefully be the case with ukraine . 
  like it or not even with eu help you have a future on the border with those russian blokes . 
  there is always the temptation to scream and shout defiance but honestly even the best situation for ukraine leaves heavy ties with russia . 
  everyone would be better off without this racial stuff . 
  i thought russia were a potentially dangerous country . 
  like it or lump it no good was to come of georgia or moldova . 
  there was no silver lining to extract . 
  the invasion of crimea accelerates the inevitable time line by 20 years from where i sit . 
  perhaps i 'm a naive westerner who cares too much about property prices and not enough about blood . 
  i thought we had more years of peace than this though . 
  the hard part is that this makes no sense to russia . 
  it is always hard to predict the infirm . 
  or amongst our competitors . 
  there is nothing more british than shared competition . 
  pakistan almost look civilised at the crease . 
  we 're pretty good at tolerance . 
  where do you think that `` do n't be nazi '' stuff came from ? 
  britain has done some shit over the years but we are closer to racial politics today than we ever have been . 
  hft got treated like a bogeyman after it created a flash crash about 6 months before the actual crash . 
  everyone went off on this rhetoric of automatic systems destroying an obviously sound economy . 
  it has n't clicked to these people that the economy was obviously an accident waiting to happen in hindsight and the hfts just got there first . 
  hft still does all the good stuff it has always done in creating price stability across markets . 
  the only time it causes issues is if the economy is already going to crumble at which point it does n't really matter too much . 
  this is precisely why they are n't given citizenship in some baltic nations . 
  which libertarians are these . 
  ukip defended him but they are not libertarian in any meaningful sense . 
  russia has always been defended by reactionaries and anti-liberals . 
  such as it is today . 
  well the problem with it is russia conquered a lot of these minorities . 
  it is nationalism . 
  it is meant to be hypocritical from the perspective of those who believe in the fundamental equality of men . 
  there is a scary turn towards ultra-nationalism with the increasing invasions of former russian colonies . 
  nato remains one of the most important projects for international security in history . 
  people like to make snide remarks about it but if you look at historically comparable blocks of power , few are as benign and fundamentally ethical in their conduct . 
  it does n't help that people conflate non-nato missions that happen to include the us and uk with nato itself . 
   but for putin , who is operating under the short term plan , this is a win king pyrrhus won a great many victories . 
  any more victories like this and russia will be undone . 
  the west made no such promise . 
  if they did they were acting above their station and future generations are free to reject such a thing . 
   wto rules mean in an absolute worst case that tariffs are minimal and that 's assuming we do n't get some kind of free trade deal which we likely would . 
  wto rules are pretty much irrelevant to the uk because of our trade deficit . 
  if we were exporting a tonne of goods then yes the wto 's wondrous rules would help us . 
  give our competitive advantage is in services which the wto does n't help with then this argument is n't useful . 
   i distinctly recall the same kind of threats of `` economic armageddon '' about not joining the euro , `` we 'll lose out '' , `` manufacturing will leave '' . 
  i do n't . 
  this strawman was pretty much invented by eurosceptics . 
  people pretend there was some last gasp salvation for the pound when in truth labour immediately put in place a system that was almost guaranteed to exclude us from the euro . 
  leaving the eu wo n't rebalance anything . 
  the financial services will leave . 
  so will the manufacturing . 
  it will impact our services sector because we wo n't have service market access to the eu . 
  this is n't rebalancing . 
  this is economic suicide that happens to also hurt a sector you dislike . 
  yes the us just forced russia to invade ukraine . 
   first off , no one finishes work at 6pm . 
  you just do n't . 
  the socially agreed upon time to finish work , at least in companies i 've interacted with ( big & small , tech & non-tech ) is roughly 7-7 :30 pm . 
  you do an 8 hour day , starting at 9am , and accounting from roughly 2 hours of lunch & breaks throughout the day , and you get 9am to 7pm as a pretty standard work day . 
  sucks to be french i guess . 
  fuck that 7:30 pm bollocks . 
  we can rebalance the economy away from financial services by living in caves . 
  i do n't think anyone sane would suggest this as a way forward . 
  a government appointed at gun point is legal now ? 
  we 've been pretty much at war with media manipulators in the west for years . 
  look at the bullshit that surrounds global warming denial . 
  we seem to be winning that one but lets not pretend there was n't a concerted campaign to muddy the water . 
  there is propaganda bullshit in the west . 
  it just tends to be single issued , privately owned and short lived whereas in russia it tends to be ran by the state as part of a wider torrent of bullshit . 
  it works the same way in both cases . 
  the deluge of rubbish creates uncertainty in what is usually a straight forward issue . 
  this allows people to duck out of an issue with an excuse `` oh how was i to know the world was burning in co2 and that stealing land is illegal '' .
