  within a nation all kids will be taught the same way . 
  so yeah the best kids will be the best probably forever . 
  if you taught one group via rote learning and another group by teaching understanding you 'd see a big difference . 
  in fact we see that big difference precisely in the results at higher education . 
  by the fact that nearly all the great science and engineering feats of the world are done in the west . 
  if the systems in these nations were all that great the west would never have abandoned them . 
  all they are doing is what we used to do in the old days . 
  we stopped for a reason . 
  we fully expected to drop down the rankings when we did that . 
   please tell me then what you feel is a better metric then as pisa scores are the most quoted worldwide . 
  pisa scores are quoted because historically that age group used to matter the most . 
  back in the midst of the industrial era the ability to get a basic educated person into a factory quickly mattered . 
  it is getting to the stage where most western countries wo n't allow anyone to leave education before 18 . 
  the measurement systems have n't caught up with the changing face of the world . 
  mainly for the same reason education in general has n't adapted to the near irrelevancy of secondary education qualifications . 
  russia is not on par with the west at degree level . 
  that is the competitive advantage the west has . 
  that is why the west is much richer than everyone else . 
  russia is struggling to dominate a nation on its doorstep after it has sent troops in . 
  everyone talks about the glory of putin but the whole ukraine situation has been disastrous for russia all in all . 
  pisa is irrelevant . 
  they test ability at 16 where the rote learning schools will always dominate . 
  what matters is ability at 21 . 
  in fact 16 is entirely meaningless now . 
  kids are n't being packed off to work in factories at 16 anymore . 
  ability at 16 is about as relevant as ability at 10 now . 
  russia are laying the ground work for some future undefined super power status . 
  i mean they are pretty open about it . 
  they do n't like western involvement in the baltics , ukraine , poland , lithuania , etc because they feel those nations should be dominated by russia . 
  that does n't necessarily mean invasion but it is pretty clear russia thinks these nations do n't have any sovereignty . 
  to be fair when you start annexing territory justified on ethnic grounds you are treading ground that makes hitler a despised historic figure . 
  once we conquer the local group i 'm sure we 'll have enough men to invade siberia . 
  you forgot the part of the various eu treaties that say it is for each generation of europeans to define what ` europe ' means . 
  we 've been planning this from the start . 
  the empire is built into the fabric of the union . 
  but how will we make others respect our authority with that name ? 
  you doubt the power of the legions ? 
  the uk is part of nato so would have been at least tacitly involved in afghanistan . 
   training and funding the muhjadeen against the russians in 80s as well as dropping violent religious propaganda on them which is why afghanistan is a hotbed of extremism to this day afghanistan went crazy when a socialist dictatorship overthrew the democratically elected government of afghanistan . 
  yeah the allies we chose in resisting this were hardly angels but putting afghanistan down to the us alone is absurd . 
  do n't worry germany . 
  here is some paper at $ 35/oz . 
  as good as gold . 
  at least as good as gold that does n't exist . 
  tbh i do n't think the us wants what you claim at all . 
  i do n't think they are that naive . 
  the reality is that there are real threats to the liberal democratic norm of the world emerging and the us needs a strong eu more than it needs puppets . 
   it wants the eu to pay for its own upkeep whilst remaining in the us pocket , it can have one but not the other . 
  that is n't even possible . 
  if the eu actually did what the us wants the real politik situation becomes that the us could not impose itself upon europe in any meaningful way . 
  it is a buffer state . 
  russia has done this forever . 
  was n't the invasion of moscow because the polish king was legitimately the next in line for the russian throne ? 
   the us is an imperial power hidden behind treaties it has been that . 
  it is currently trying to push the eu to be an equal partner and getting push back . 
  the truth is the provinces do n't want the romans to go home . 
  that does n't mean there are n't fewer of them though . 
  one of the weird realities of being world police is if you have that role you 'll end up fighting in every conflict regardless of your success or failure . 
  britain has traditionally run a high deficit economy similar to greece and has used its monetary policy to manage it . 
  britain is a country that has lived by `` deficit just under inflation rate '' budgeting for decades . 
  putting us in a currency union with austere germany is a recipe for disaster . 
  germany still has absolute control of the euro . 
  it is the other nations that do not that have suffered . 
  that is debatable . 
  it became clear early on that vast numbers of the us colonists agreed . 
  britain had basically spent a century ignoring the colonies and letting them develop under their own rule . 
   the parliament act specifically envisages bills hanging over multiple sessions of parliament . 
  it is n't even possible to pass a bill over multiple sessions . 
  that is why we have parliamentary wash up . 
  any bill that is n't passed by the time that process is done starts from scratch in the new parliament . 
  european empire . 
   the conservative party are trying to legislate for it this parliament . 
  do they have time to invoke the parliament act ? 
  generally speaking it is constitutionally weird for bills to hang over multiple sessions of parliament . 
  passing a bill now for a referendum under the next government is as close to unconstitutional as you can get in the uk . 
  so the lords will attempt to block it . 
  it will only go through with the parliament act . 
  i 'm backing the netherlands first . 
  then germany because i keep predicting them to win a tournament . 
   no wait . 
  it 's not being done in accordance with law . 
  the ep is making this up as it goes along . 
  no it is n't . 
  they are just refusing to accept any candidate that is n't the one they recommend . 
  they hold that power under law . 
   ukip is on track to upend the political establishment ukip is on track to getting 0 seats at the election next year . 
  the only question is who they will hurt most . 
  it was partly sarcastic . 
  public schools are posh private schools . 
  private schools are just private schools that were n't involved in the invention of football or rugby . 
  state schools are everything else . 
  apart from church schools , academies and free schools ( which are otherwise known as a giant mistake ) . 
  instead it changed it in a brilliant way . 
  even the monarchies moderated . 
  the french revolution was a great stick with which to beat up monarchies with . 
  the harmless monarchies everyone loves today only exist because they were presented with the guillotine as the alternative . 
  you need to import some grandchildren of sobieski to balance it out . 
  to be fair everyone called george bush that . 
  sometimes democratically elected leaders are arseholes . 
  the world cup is a much lower standard than club football .
