  nobody in the british government were going to impose anything . 
  the puritans fled britain mostly after the failure of the commonwealth and subsequent reversion of every puritan morality law put in place under the protectorate . 
  at no point has anyone forced orgies and debauchery on puritans in europe . 
  according to the yougov tracker the undecideds have been about 15-20 % for years . 
  yougov have also shown an extended period with a 10 % margin for the yes vote . 
  https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/p2dwatvn7h/yg-archives-pol-trackers-europe-referendum-020615.pdf all this said unsure voters tend to support the status quo . 
  no needs a decisive lead to win but in all likelihood a 50/50 split will end up comfortably in favour of the yes vote . 
  the biggest factor in favour of the no campaign right now is their demographics tend to vote in larger numbers . 
  do n't think the eu is the target at all . 
  putin knows these measures are trivial . 
  this is for domestic consumption . 
  it builds the narrative of evil europeans that will be resisted . 
  in particularly putin is cleverly tying the lack of food to the evil actions of the euronazis . 
  farage does n't care about immigration at all . 
  he 's opposed to the eu and immigration is a useful stick with which to beat the eu . 
  there is still a record lead for pro-eu support in the country . 
  this is the most in love with europe we 've ever been ironically . 
  it was pretty predictable that support swung a lot when it went from something to bitch about over a pint to an actual vote . 
  the migration has only picked up because the economy is functioning again . 
  as long as the economy keeps growing i think we 'll see 2:1 or greater in favour of staying in . 
  we only do that up until the point where we can trick a bouncer into believing we are 18 . 
  then we drink at clubs for a few years . 
  once a secure income is there and we care about money it becomes cans in the house followed by nightclub . 
  some prudes wanted the freedom to impose their prudishness on others . 
  seems like they found their dream country . 
  well the first shelter for male victims of domestic abuse was partially driven by the same woman who created the first women shelters . 
  she has taken an absolute hammering for her views on domestic abuse from some feminists though . 
  you mean looking like you have jaundice is n't sexy where you come from ? 
  you guys need to form a union of people wanting to join the union . 
  europe is n't anywhere close to seeing europeans stop being ethnic majorities . 
  even the crazy speculation of the eurabia stories does n't predict that . 
  the big difference between japan and europe is europe are willing to allow migration . 
  while it is a hot topic europe will never be as anti-migrant as japan are . 
  actually this would n't work either . 
  you 'd need to full occupy it and slaughter the thousands of home trained nuclear physicists iran has . 
  do n't think their position is all that strategic . 
  the oil is really the only relevant factor . 
  iran does n't hate the west . 
  you wo n't find me arguing against this . 
  iran has always been the most obvious ally of the west in the middle east . 
  they just have a weird government format that does n't properly represent the country . 
  if i were to point to natural allies in the middle east saudi arabia would not be on the list . 
  was n't his approval ratings sky high initially after iraq ? 
  people have no idea how comparative advantage works and how terrible an idea it is for russia to focus on things germany is good at , to the exclusion of things russia is good at , for the russian economy overall . 
  prepare for more brits buying property . 
  downvotes are n't meant to be an `` i disagree '' button . 
  just seems wrong the netherlands being a monarchy . 
  you guys have a history of republicanism . 
  need to downgrade the monarch to a stadtholder or something as an interim move . 
  i think they did eventually . 
  originally they tried to raise the children as anonymous citizens . 
  only if the pupil is strong enough to take power from his masters weak grasp . 
  what they mean is they 'd like to have all the luxuries but without any of the downsides that come with being famous . 
  she of course realised that rome fell many , many centuries before there was a russian culture . 
  the gaians were my favourite faction . 
  swarming the enemy with mind worms was hilarious . 
  if you got all the right techs and projects you 'd also be absurdly powerful . 
  beware the crazy bitch who is swimming in mind worms and dressed in xenofungus because she is soon going to eat all your colonies . 
  i 'm imagining 4 hour queues to acquire bread and wikipedia articles . 
  when you join queue you do n't know which wikipedia article is at the end . 
  well france only really ever cared about iran becoming a competitor in the lucrative medical isotopes market . 
  the deal pretty much will eliminate iran from that market . 
  nothing will actually fix the proliferation crisis . 
  iran has enough expertise that development of their own nukes is inevitable if they want nukes . 
  nothing they can do besides committing mass suicide will be enough for israel and saudi arabia . 
  not really true though . 
  traditional fascism was a very middle class phenomenon . 
  largely a reaction to socialism which dominated the working classes at that time . 
  spain has some really contrasting rich and poor areas . 
  half the rich areas want to leave the country . 
  naturally in response to this we in europe have no option but to open more nudist beaches !, 
  it would be interesting to see a scatter plot of blood alcohol against actual safety record . 
  a lot of these harsh limits are there so the people can feel outstandingly moral rather than because they are practical . 
  explain this rain shortage thing . 
  to be fair this actually comes pretty close to the original definition of trolling . 
  trolling started out as people who argued points they did n't necessarily believe in to get an argument out of the internet . 
  rent caps are designed to protect house prices against real solutions to out of control rent . 
  it is n't surprising they are proposed for cities like london and paris . 
  i mean new york has them for the same reason . 
  they give the illusion of something having been done without lowering property value . 
  how many are actually practising christians and how much are `` guess i 'm christian , do n't actually believe in god though '' ? 
  well you lot cut down our forests because we kept making bows out of yew . 
  the initial anti-immigration talk was focused heavily on polish immigration back under labour . 
  the momentum built there has been redirected against muslims more recently because people are now use to polish people living in the uk . 
  if a person who is n't part of the union walks a picket line ? 
  am i reading this right that you are forced to be `` represented '' by a union in spain ? 
  what happens if people form a union and strike against the union ? 
  the best way to look at this is a proto-frenchman conquered germany while a proto-german conquered france . 
  this leads to the maximum amount of irritation to all involved . 
  to be fair there was a period of anti-polish sentiment . 
  it has passed now and the whole thing has turned into a bait and shift against the british muslim community . 
  yeah there always have been hipsters in the uk . 
  we just do n't call them that . 
  those children did n't waste comrade stalin 's time with a football . 
  do you know how many traitors escaped because those children passed ball to stalin ? 
   the children kicked the ball to him , he smiled and gave it back to them . 
  although he could have let them all tortured and killed . 
  such good guy was lenin . 
  this is literally why lenin is a hero to communists . 
  stalin would have killed them .
