  west and north france to britain . 
  i doubt poverty plays nearly the part people claim it does . 
  i know of a girl who went through law school who simply kept stripping after qualifying because she earns more doing that than she does via law practice . 
  it pays huge amounts of money . 
  as in more than 99 % of the people on this subreddit . 
  obviously we are going to fire buckets of money at our enemies . 
  how about we stare at each other across the channel for 15 years ? 
   but if all of the money from those resources ultimately ends up in the hands of a few oligarchs you 're never going to have a robust economy . 
  which is n't the problem with russia . 
  fuck tonnes of the resource money finds its way into the hands of the average russian . 
  the real problem right now is russia wages are artificially high due to father putin 's distribution of oil money . 
  this means russia has no real secondary economy , the cost of labour is higher than the productivity of the average russian . 
   britain did n't conquer the world for the fun of it , they conquered the world for the resources which were ultimately shipped back to britain . 
  the empire cost incredible sums of money . 
  britain became much , much wealthier once the empire was gone . 
  the empire made money for a few establishment people but usually less than the actual cost in tax payers money for running the whole venture . 
   but in the end the resources are still critical to the success of an industrialized nation . 
  access to resources is necessary . 
  however oil is always cheaper than secondary products that are in turn less valuable than services . 
  steel and oil are worth less than an ambulance . 
  an ambulance is worth less than a doctor . 
  damn you netherlands !, 
  from the left yes . 
  the right wanted to keep the empire running . 
  practically the first solid labour government dismantled the empire . 
  well long term the theory was it would make money . 
  it was based upon this daft idea that resources are the be all and end all though . 
  the west is vastly more wealthy today than at any point during imperialism . 
  without their resources they would not suffer dutch disease . 
  their economy might start to function . 
  the biggest problem russia have is their labour is priced at around $ 14k per year due to resources but have productivity nowhere near that level . 
  of course if putin was n't intent on handing around unearned wealth they could do this anyway . 
  then he 'd be thrown out a window by an angry mob . 
  the uk energy output is small compared to our population . 
  norway has twice as much available for a tiny amount of population which is partly why they are so wealthy . 
  outliers like norway or saudi arabia with insane resources relative to population size skew the figures . 
  russia by comparison have similar energy resources to saudi arabia ( though much more expensive to extract ) but have 5 times the population . 
  natural resources really are n't all they are cracked up to be . 
  having a poor russian population mine the resources and sell them for what to them is an incredible sum of money is literally the ideal circumstance . 
  if resources were meaningful then russia would n't be a poor society and japan , britain , etc would n't be wealthy . 
  outside of absurd cases like saudi arabia and norway ( who also have the educated population ) most resource nations are dirt poor . 
  african colonisation was bankrupting the west . 
  it made a few special interests wealthier but it was a huge net drain from the population of the west into the special interests of those societies . 
  tbh russia would be a much more compelling target if it had a rich middle class population . 
  conquering a nation of neo-serfs is n't really useful . 
  wealth is almost entirely in what people can do with their heads and hands . 
  which is being sold to the west anyway . 
  russia is at least invading part of europe . 
  i think the big difference is russia ca n't invade europe whereas the us does n't want to own russian arctic desert . 
  finally the excuse we need to purge the gingers . 
  really they should just unify . 
  do n't need to share a border or anything . 
   there 's often a french , latin and saxon word for the same thing try welsh where every valley had its own vocabulary and the official solution was to count all words everywhere as standard welsh . 
  the great explosion in the west is contemporary with the rise of liberalism and democracy . 
  the us obviously so . 
  britain largely saw its rise from obscurity after the middle classes put the stuarts in their box . 
  she clearly has power because she was able to ban people from an event . 
  the real problem is left and right wing are meaningless terms . 
  well considering the critical meetings about financial stability ended with the eu leaders rejecting all reforms , other than pointless punitive measures against london , this is n't surprising . 
  the eu has n't taken reform seriously at all . 
  capital adequacy needs to be much higher . 
  there is n't a problem with our courts . 
  they upheld the law as it is written . 
  the whole move is designed to force british people to go through strasbourg for this . 
  throwing a technical barrier in the way of executing the law correctly . 
  essentially the tories can not change the law so they want to restrict access to the law instead . 
  has he wrote two articles about law ? 
  he scrapped coursework which is the only real interaction students had with the scientific principles on a-levels . 
   the main idea in repealing the human rights act is to make it so british courts have the final say and not the european court of human rights . 
  i doubt this will affect eu policies like the working time directive and other employment rights it does the exact opposite . 
  where the new bra differentiates from the echr the foreign courts will be far busier than they used to be as we are still a signatory to the echr . 
  the reason the hra is disliked by the tories is the judgements of british courts turned out to be far harsher than strasbourg against the government . 
  so they want those decisions to go back to those nice europeans who did n't consistently rule against government . 
  somehow people have missed the entire debate over the hra . 
  it is the british courts , not strasbourg , that have irritated government since the hra was passed . 
  the ussr was using cutting edge tactical doctrine depending upon mechanised infantry and tank columns in the latter stages of the war . 
  soviet factories did n't build a single truck in the entire war . 
  how do you run a doctrine that requires hundreds of thousands of trucks when you have n't built any ? 
   this is basically a matter of fact in light of the geographic distribution of german losses german losses are misleading . 
  add losses and prisoners and the picture becomes clearer . 
  german losses were higher in the east because the ussr executed prisoners routinely while the western allies did not . 
  the big reason for the switch is i think people have become more appreciative of the nuances of the war and how utterly necessary all three major allies were . 
  the ussr certainly would not have achieved what it did without hundreds of thousands of american trucks . 
  they actually had a massive technological advantage over the germans , who still used horses for logistics , because the us gave them endless numbers of trucks . 
  without the supply chain the ussr would have lost its decisive mobility advantage or it would have had to dedicate industry to something other than tank production . 
  they 'd have half as many tanks if they did this . 
  how does the red army do with half as many tanks ? 
  tbh i ca n't see a split in europe while the major three nations are bound in this triangle of identity , economy and defence . 
  right now germany and the uk need each other to impose a sane economy on europe . 
  france and the uk need each other to impose a sane defence policy on europe . 
  germany and france need each other to impose a european identity on europe . 
  to properly unify europe i think it requires the uk , france or germany to move in from the outside on their particular issue ( defence for germany , economy for france , identity for the uk ) . 
  however while all three require the other two the eu ca n't split . 
  the pragmatic concerns are there but plenty of times in history the pragmatic needs of society were ignored . 
  we should n't underestimate the achievement of the eu . 
  it was obvious and necessary but far too often obvious and necessary do n't cut it . 
  are we claiming north africa in this picture ? 
  people defend it or not basically on party lines . 
  labour and tory voters know their voices are much larger than they would be otherwise . 
  i always vote for whoever i think can unseat one of the big party candidates so we can force through electoral reform .
