  luxembourg stays independent just because . 
  finland gets given to sweden with karelia . 
  norway and iceland go to denmark . 
  schleiswig-holstein goes to denmark to keep germany in check . 
  every balkan nation gets split other than serbia . 
  serbia goes to saudi arabia . 
  constantinople goes to greece . 
  rest of greece goes to turkey . 
  apart from the pelonpennes which becomes the republic of sparta . 
  remainder of russian europe ( including most of belarus ) is given to ukraine to form republic of kievan rus . 
  poland and baltic nations are unified because otherwise what hope do any of them have between rus and germany ? 
  western parts of belarus also join polish-baltic union . 
  any land i 've missed is also given to saudi arabia . 
  yeah we also learn a lot about conditions in germany that led to the rise in fascism . 
  well germany was n't supposed to go into greece at all . 
  italy did that and screwed it up . 
   an island of barely 300,000 people should n't have to get rid of a fairly harmless and unique social custom just to appease immigrants well the problem here is the immigrants ca n't actually leave to preserve their rights due to the bureaucracy . 
  well it has n't increased its powers . 
  under the current treaty it has every right to do that . 
  quote whatever you like . 
  the treaty specifies the council present a candidate and parliament accepts or rejects . 
  the `` power grab '' was that the parliament agreed to reject all candidates apart from the ones they proposed . 
  sorry but i do n't buy it . 
  this delves into exactly the kind of technical detail that bores the public about the eu debate . 
  even if cameron comes out looking good it will remind people of exactly why they do n't care about europe . 
  whenever the debate trends into abstracts and side issues * the public will yawn . 
  if cameron was striking a blow for euroscepticism here then i question his sanity . 
  the main likely result of this is it will increase the toxicity of the europe issue at general election . 
  a party that steers clear of talking about europe at all will win . 
  * and this will be seen as that , the technical debate over why the guy with the most votes was not democratically elected will bore people / / edit - populus have done some polling on this . 
  the public are about as aware of this debate as the release of the sudanese apostate . 
  the council of national leaders is precisely supposed to choose the commission president . 
  the treaty specifies that the council nominates a candidate and parliament either accepts it or rejects it . 
  it is painful how misinformed sceptics are about how the system is supposed to work . 
  i think almost nobody will know who juncker is . 
  hell most people do n't know who nick clegg is in all likelihood . 
  also the germans . 
  the diagram is a queue !, 
  russia is trying to end discussion by brute godwin 's law violations . 
  discussion goes as follows  ukraine : we 'd like to be with eu for trade and general development . 
  nazi !, 
  nazi !, 
   ukraine : wtf are you ...  russia : nyet ukraine !, 
  godwin 's law , discussion is closed !, 
  no more talkings of eu . 
  these days you should be proud of being called a nazi by putin 's lot . 
  so you are saying that russia need to be bound by law before they 'll act ethically ? 
  one day they will run out of oil . 
  then we can get back to pretending to be ethical . 
  is f # equality not reflexive , symmetric , and transitive ? 
  that would surprise me . 
  you do n't have supermarkets packed with mothers and their armies of badly organised offspring who block every passageway and generally turn shopping into eternal hell rather than a simple task ? 
  you 've obviously never used php . 
  in php ! = \u2260 \u2260, 
  how do they manage not to kill them ? 
  honestly more than 12 weeks ? 
  can you comprehend how many intrusive thoughts about slaughtering brats i 'd have to disarm in 12 fucking weeks of kids running around ? 
  this is the problem . 
  they are united in the idea that foreigners are smelly . 
  they 've just realised that they are each the foreigner to each other . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've had one torrent with that many individual items . 
  stay here and insult their shit instead . 
  if only fn could accept that the eu is a mess because of france they could be great mates with ukip . 
   nowhere in the world would a major area accept the rule of someone who got a fraction of a percent of the vote . 
  this is why scotland are leaving the uk i assume . 
  the clever thing is the `` cheaper gas '' is the current price you are paying . 
  otherwise prices double . 
   i would argue the most important one was that dassault was not selling much mirage 2000 anymore and we wanted to protect our independent ability to design and build a fighter yes but they specifically wanted to use a dassault engine with inferior power to the bae ones currently mounted in the eurofighter . 
  i think both planes are fine as well . 
  it 'd have been better if we explicitly went out to design a eurofighter a/b style set up though . 
  britain has been begging for service sector integration . 
  it is germany who are resisting . 
  britain would make shed loads of money with service sector integration . 
  the only reason there has n't been service sector integration is all the projections show britain dominating such a market completely . 
  the eu has held it up while other nations `` catch up '' in a prime example of what causes euroscepticism to begin with . 
  tbh the old american stuff is as good as anything available other than the new american stuff . 
  if it were n't for bae , may their directors rot in hell , britain would likely be buying f-18s rather than f-35s for our new carriers . 
  those nations were one off agreements between individual nations . 
  the eurofighter is a particularly bad example because france left half way because they wanted to ~ ~ use inferior french engines ~ ~ have a carrier capable jet . 
  the current arrangement of ad hoc agreements works well enough . 
   ok look , do you even know what we are talking about any more because the goal posts seem to keep moving . 
  the goal posts have n't moved . 
  optimal education performance at 16 should always be sacrificed for optimal education performance at 21 . 
  16 is the age at which the `` old fashioned '' techniques start to taper off . 
  it is n't surprising that the list of top nations is dominated by nations who use old fashioned techniques . 
  the outlier as you say is finland but they are pretty much alone in this . 
   if you want to cast out half the people in society by only comparing university students and be a snob about it go ahead but in that case i 'm out of this conversation . 
  it is n't about snobbery . 
  all the west 's economic growth is being driven by jobs that require university education . 
  even in this crisis the strongest performing sector in the uk has been the creative industry . 
  every turn of the wheel takes the economic future of the west further away from industrial needs and towards the needs of the information era . 
  this economic growth is good for those who left school at 16 as well . 
   16 is still a very relevant age in my opinion as at least here in finland it 's the age where most either go to vocational school to learn a trade or continue onto higher education . 
  i did n't say it was n't important . 
  i said actual peak performance at that age is irrelevant . 
  all education up until that point is positioning for either university or vocational schooling . 
  the point is the best way to prepare children for university is the long way rather than the easy way . 
  kids who depend upon rote learning fall to pieces once they are doing something difficult . 
  the schools that dominate the pisa rankings are universally the schools that teach kids to learn in a way that will prove ineffective later on . 
   i 'll also note from personal experience the kids who were smartest at 16 in my school are still the smartest today so i do n't see how thinigs really change that much in a few years .
