  saying they did n't have the ability to project force before ww2 is a stretch . 
  it is just a good opportunity to highlight it and make a political issue of it . 
  we all know it goes on . 
  just now it is in vogue and people who 've always been opposed have an opportunity to maybe fix it . 
  did n't hitler basically ban the opposition for the later votes ? 
  no doubt he got in once though . 
   in the early 20th century the us was just a medium power i 'm not sure i 'd agree with that . 
  look at a gdp chart for the time . 
  the us was huge . 
  it just had a chinese style isolationism going on . 
  of course the fundamental point was wrong . 
  fascism operated openly . 
  in fact it was encouraged . 
  the british system has n't fundamentally changed , in theory , for 800 or so years . 
  of course our system is that parliament does what it wants . 
  the settlements are an attack on the palestinians at large . 
  not the terrorists . 
  the resources wo n't bring down costs . 
  energy is fungible . 
  it does n't matter where it comes from , the price will match the international market . 
  selling it below price is only something venezuela and russia do . 
  all it will achieve is a reduction in the trade deficit . 
  frankly the longer you delay the better . 
  this policy wo n't affect our energy prices or availability at all . 
  it is much better to just wait until energy prices go up even further before you start drilling . 
  multiculturalism is ruining our flairs !, 
  if you become a reserve currency you can basically print as much free money as you want . 
  the downside of it is it becomes very hard to not print money . 
  that has always been the problem the us has faced . 
  any hint of turning off the taps would be disastrous for them . 
  so they kind of lose control of their monetary policy . 
  the power to make the aliens seem inferior even as they are massacring us . 
  there are some hilarious accounts of british pows from ww2 where they were ordering people around as if they were n't actually prisoners . 
  bnp do n't even get 1 % of the vote but are listed . 
  how many did n't vote because their vote would n't matter ? 
  yeah and it is noticeable that the ones that always get it are the ones that try to integrate . 
  however poorly . 
  there was the eviction of the group that basically set up permanent residence outside a local town in the uk . 
  they definitely broke the law ( no planning permission ) but by all accounts theirs was a permanent position and they were sending their kids to school . 
  if they did n't make such an effort the law would be unable to touch them . 
  there is this middle ground between integrated and not which almost guarantees trampling on laws . 
  it makes the whole process impossible . 
  i do n't think an era is necessarily ending . 
  i think we are at a turning point though . 
  there are too many issues bouncing around in the air that are going to get resolved in the next decade . 
  the resolution will decide whether the eu will see its westphalia and inevitable , if possibly prolonged , break up or whether it will stay on the path to closer union . 
  i think we could see a distinctly three speed europe come about over the next decade . 
  core members will agree to everything . 
  there 'll be a set of people who are n't thrilled about euro , schengen or whatever and they 'll be in the eu but not fully compliant . 
  then we have this growing set of nations that are not in but are tightly associated . 
  i believe for now defence will remain something for member nations . 
  britain , germany and france are too far apart for meaningful defence integration . 
  france and britain are closest on this front . 
  if there is to be a european military venture it might be parallel to the eu . 
  seems uncontroversial to me . 
  if you cant do the duties of a vocation there are others to choose from . 
  they expected it to happen . 
  i think they expected the media headlines to take longer to emerge . 
  hell if the damned fundies could have waited a few years then the tories could have taken labour to task for `` breaking '' the free school system that was so well envisioned . 
  getting shot in the stomach leads to a reduced incident of death compared to being shot in the head . 
  all i need is water . 
  laced with gigantic quantities of life giving caffeine . 
  i was n't excusing anyone . 
  i was trying to raise that russia kind of invaded poland . 
  russia will veto it . 
  yes two crimes are committed but the original crime does n't justify the latter one . 
  oppression is not a hierarchy where you rape people because other people are enslaving you . 
  was vyacheslav molotov one of these servicemen ? 
  being within law is not the same as being ethical . 
  whatever the situation , killing citizens like this is always something that requires a step back and careful thought . 
  even if you believe the actions were in themselves correct , the idea of immediately coming up with a propaganda piece runs contrary to the policing norms of the uk . 
  generally speaking an inquiry is held in the uk if a round is fired . 
  never mind if somebody actually died . 
  no but it is a great big thumb in the eye for american corporations that were trying to weaken data protection laws . 
  maybe this is the best way for the eu to handle this . 
  kind of but not really relevant legislation that happens to hurt the economic interests of the us . 
  tbh i have n't watched the video but it seems misleading . 
  the public are the ones anxious about the deficit . 
  it was a very public mood swing that the tories capitalised upon . 
  the spds argument matches what russian elites feel . 
  it is n't a good principle for the west to take though . 
  it is not the place of the eu to tell the ukraine it belongs to russia . 
  there is an oddity in this whole drama that russia has so far refused to address . 
  maybe because it does n't believe it . 
  the drive to dismantle the russian sphere has been from within the russian sphere . 
  the weak nations russia has traditionally leaned on have been the ones driving this process . 
  the eu has just done what the eu is meant to do . 
  act as a grouping for peace , trade and now defence for all european nations that match the criteria of admission . 
  when it really boils down to it the ethical issues do n't really matter though . 
  ukraine will join the eu eventually because russia can not stop it . 
  the russian position so far is fundamentally weak . 
  telling ukraine they can trade with the eu or russia ... 
  the richest trade block on the planet or russia . 
  russia fighting the eu with trade is like the eu fighting russia with nukes . 
  a complete mismatch . 
  russia have basically tried to create a new cold war over the eastern european nations and their desire to associate with the eu . 
  yes i 'm sure america is to blame for it all . 
  yes france was there a year before britain . 
  the argentinian claim is based around the idea that spain inherited the french claim ( something france has denied ) and thus through the principle of transfer of absurd claims is now argentinian . 
  if russia invaded the falklands we 'd wait for their boats to rust and sink .
