  the difference being we are much harder to push around . 
  it would cause a huge confrontation of various sectors as different parts of the world of finance line up behind the british position in a way they do n't for greece . 
  that might have led to compromise . 
  it might have led to some irrevocable schism . 
  state funded but not so state directed . 
   the hotel introduced a policy of screening guests they believed could be engaging in illegal activity after other romanian women were found to be using the rooms for prostitution . 
  the great irony of this is that prostitution is not illegal . 
  unless human trafficking is involved in which case the hotel is in trouble even if they knew nothing about it . 
  as much as `` your romanian , we ca n't take the risk you are a prostitute '' is utterly ridiculous i can sympathise with a hotel desperately trying to steer clear of trouble given our laws around human trafficking . 
  the law has created this incredible danger for the hotel . 
  there needs to be some thought about what exactly an hotel can do to stay on the right side of the law . 
  i 'm always tempted to import a million zimbabwe dollars for this purpose . 
  tbh their science seems like everything else run by a planned economy . 
  good at what the government has paid attention to and bad at everything else . 
  the population of ireland went from 1m to 8m and back down to 1m in the course of about 50 years . 
  not really comparable . 
  the balkans are starting from a low base and shrinking . 
  this is interesting because the main real issue britain has a right to feel aggrieved about is one where germany is the hold out . 
  i 'll reiterate my standard that i hope cameron focuses on service sector integration rather than trying to take away the rights of british workers or moan about migrants . 
  you need to understand this from the perspective of politicians . 
  nothing that happens after or before their term time actually exists . 
  unless it is bad , in which case it is to be welcomed . 
  do you honestly think a politician is going to go through a painful and unpopular transition that will likely produce good results when the enemy is in power ? 
  well sissyphus was punished because he turned off death and thus stopped wars from being fun for the gods . 
  arbitrary punishment seems a theme . 
  if they were enterprising greeks they 'd have baskets of rocks selling for $ 1 each . 
  i demand reforms !, 
  it speaks of the great sense of frenchmen that their most important word ( hon ) is spelt the same way as it is in english . 
  regardless of all this . 
  the german model means the loser is a loser and on the brink of bankruptcy regardless of how well they tried not to lose . 
  this can not be a model for a world economy . 
  what has socialism to do with it ? 
  keynes was often co-opted by socialists but done properly it is not necessarily a friend of socialism . 
  i 'm not sure keynesianism has regained influence so much as the current ultra-liberalism has had its teeth kicked down its throat . 
  what comes out of it is as of yet unknown . 
  i think we 'll have another crisis in 10-20 years * and the current economic thinkers will be in a distinct minority by that point . 
  whether that allows keynes to return to prominence or some kind of third theory to move in is anyone 's guess . 
  * these things never go away with just one earth shattering crisis . 
  you need enough time for politicians to move from parliament into graves before you can actually fix things . 
  certainly the great depression was merely the last of a series of crises that just finished off the last hold outs of classic liberalism . 
  best thing is krugman has just done what everyone accuses him of not being able to do . 
  admitting fault . 
  this is n't about first or second place . 
  it is literally impossible for every nation to hold a positive trade balance . 
  all the worlds trade surplus/deficits must add to precisely 0 . 
  so any sane economic policy must have a place for trade deficits because lots of nations must have them . 
  yes, 
  do you get multiplicative bonuses for different religious groups joining ? 
  a signal is missed by a blinded eye . 
  i would n't want to cripple the vatican that way . 
   oh , one more , just separate spain into the different regions :-) . 
  divide off historic kingdom of aragon . 
  split into aragon and catalonia . 
  mess up borders so they have reasons to be friends forever . 
  nah this is easy . 
  we fix the borders for all time : 1 . 
  elsass-lothringen -  germany 3 . 
  wallonia -  france 4 . 
  flanders -  netherlands 5 . 
  serbia -  turkey 8 . 
  constantinople -  greece 9 . 
  constantinople -  germany ( in payment of debts ) 10 . 
  austria -  germany 11 . 
  lithuania -  poland 13 . 
  poland -  germany, 
  the problem is nobody is talking about fixing the euro . 
   if not , why bother investigating further ? 
  because there are morons in the west to this day pretending this whole thing is a nato/lizardman plot . 
  where is this poll ? 
  yougov has shown a pro-eu comfortable victory all year . 
  if people ca n't control their temptation that is their problem . 
  personally i do n't know of anyone who 'd spend every day shopping if it was possible . 
  most people despise having to squeeze through crowded shopping centres . 
  yes and nobody is forced to go . 
  you seem to be missing the fact that allowing it is not a compulsion to go shopping . 
  personally a lot of the time i 'd like to not go shopping on saturday but instead go on a sunday . 
  people are free to have a day off shopping if they want regardless . 
  those buildings look like they are straight out of sim city 4 . 
  in fact i 'm looking for the `` spawn ufo '' button on this picture . 
  i 've developed stockholm syndrome to the rain so i 'm happy whenever it is around . 
  people will have a day off somewhere without an official break . 
  the working time directive guarantees that . 
  shops close on sunday 's in germany for religious reasons . 
  well you can be both . 
  both blair and cameron got to wield a degree of influence by acting as a figure head to white wash the hardcore elements of their parties . 
  so limiting their existence to force the public to pay high prices is good for the nation ? 
  well we could probably be bought off in exchange for calais , normandy and the west france coast south of brittany . 
  cap is more sensibly and lightly regulated today than it has been in years . 
  20 years ago we were talking about burning mountains of butter to create electricity . 
  today we have much cheaper food and no mountains of butter . 
  nobody is starving . 
  lighter is better where you can do it . 
  they are doing the same thing finland are doing with germany . 
  effectively preparing to shelter themselves behind the uk when the shit hits the fan . 
  the ez wants to use a general eu mechanism to bail out a ez country for problems caused by the euro . 
  naturally there is some push back on this . 
  seems unlikely they can pass even the qualified majority vote if all non-ez countries vote against . 
  did i say heavily regulated . 
  pretty sure i specified as lightly regulated as possible . 
  this is the concern with greece .
