  they were when i started comprehensive back in 1995 . 
   expecting these boys to learn that long trousers are just something you have to get used to when you have to wear a suit much better for the boys to learn to contest stuff like this . 
  there is a reason no software engineer wears a suit and it is n't because bosses would n't mind us all looking like something from antiquity . 
  insane decisions are fine provided you maintain control ? 
  uniforms are never uniform though . 
  girls are pretty much universally given the choice between skirts and trousers . 
  to be fair a `` permanent drop '' is something utterly impossible to prove either way . 
  it all depends on claims about counter-factuals which nobody will ever be satisfied with . 
  if the economy raises by 10 % over the next decade the leave campaign will say it would have been 8 % had we stayed in and the remain campaign would say it would have been 12 % . 
  greek hipsters were doing it before it was cool . 
  you need to get madame guillotine out and do not stop until the principles of the revolution are upheld !, 
  to be fair the republic was shit because the sith waged a thousand year long shadow war to destroy it . 
  when it boils down to it though the republic is just a meaningless shell around the jedi . 
  what really matters , all that really matters , is the conflict between jedi and sith . 
  the sith are right when they accuse the jedi of deluding themselves about their motives . 
  for a thousand years the jedi imposed exactly the kind of system they wanted on the galaxy . 
   it is with great reluctance that i have agreed to this calling . 
  i love democracy . 
  i love the republic . 
  once this crisis has abated , i will lay down the powers you have given me !, 
  yeah it is n't russian mate . 
  answer is obviously to annex constantinople . 
  every path currently open in uk politics is political suicide . 
  at the moment it is just figuring out which cliff to jump off . 
  tbh i 'm not sure you can credit elizabeth for the rise of england . 
  most of it was because europe went absolutely bananas over the whole protestant thing . 
  while there were atrocities in england there were nations in the hre that literally lost a third of their population . 
  princess diana above darwin and newton is fucking hilarious . 
  c&c has taught me that he was renown for inventing weaponised electricity . 
  the funny thing is an athenian at the time would probably say the same . 
  macedonia were always considered `` sort of greek '' * at least until they conquered all the people who considered themselves true greeks . 
  * note they also considered the romans `` sort of greek '', 
  greece currently owns all of what was macedonia when he was born . 
  tbh europe should take the opportunity to fix the eurozone before going further . 
  it might be hard on members coming in but less painful than saying `` now you are in we need you to do these things as well '' . 
  better to know up front what the solution is going to be . 
  though i also think the eu should formalise an eulite situation where nations are not in the eurozone . 
  the actual amount of alcohol consumed in the uk has been dropping for some time . 
  most of the binge drinking scares came about because of a statistical aberration in how the figures were recorded . 
  well they 've been able to save all their life because under thatcher they voted to cut their parents pensions . 
  now they 've turned around and decided that it must be triple locked . 
  no i just do n't particularly give their viewpoints more than any one else unless they have specific expertise in the field in question . 
  a huge number of eton graduates disagreed with the leave eton grads . 
  your comments are a meaningless appeal to authority . 
  a weak authority at that . 
  no it just has very little to do with intelligence . 
  there will be as many dimwitted people at eton as at any other school . 
  they 'll just be dimwitted people with better grades , than they 'd have got elsewhere , through intensive teaching . 
  universities have actually measured this and basically insist on aaa grade and beyond from private schools of all kinds as it is so hard to actually know who from them is actually intelligent . 
  whereas aaa from a crumbling comp is almost certainly very clever . 
  everyone wants to be the nation who negotiates us when we have no leverage . 
  first one in is going to get the best deals . 
  eton is a school who 's only requirement is wealth . 
  they wo n't on average be any more intelligent than anybody else . 
  if anything it is more likely that you 'll get more aaa students who are completely ordinary from good schools than from normal ones . 
  yeah turkey has moved solidly to where saudi arabia is . 
  an ally of convenience we 'd dump if we could . 
  yes i was n't serious . 
  the protesters actually believed there were hundreds of political prisoners they were breaking out . 
  there were 7 inmates according to wikipedia . 
  it 'll take a hundred years to actually correct east germany . 
  anyone who thinks they can fix huge demographic problems with a short term injection of cash is barking mad . 
  most of the `` subsidy '' is welfare payments because the region is dirt poor . 
  it does n't create anything which will end the status quo . 
  the barnett formula has nothing to do with the eu at all . 
  it is completely orthoganol to being in the eu or not . 
  if anything one of the best reasons to reform the barnett formula is in turn it would end the constant panic over match funding the erdf money . 
   potential barnett formula reform that should now be far more likely to actually happen . 
  why is that likely to happen ? 
  there is really no political will to fight for this . 
  firstly the real winners for the barnett formula are scotland and who in wales is actually going to fight on a platform of `` why are we getting screwed in favour of the scots ? '' ? 
  it would n't have any support in wales at all between solidarity with the scots and complete ignorance of how the funding works . 
  so we 're stuck with the `` london takes all the money '' argument which ends up with `` yeah get in line '' . 
  the truth is three regions do very well in the uk tax wise * . 
  scotland , northern ireland and london . 
  scotland gets it because they threaten to leave . 
  northern ireland gets it because they blow people up when we are n't drowning them in money . 
  london gets it because mps have to spend a lot of time there . 
  the only way westminster would actually pay attention to wales is if pc got to where the snp are . 
  maybe not even then . 
  barnett formula reform would inevitably reduce the funding in scotland which will kick off a new independence campaign . 
  london will choose edinburgh over cardiff every time . 
  * very well meaning getting paid beyond all actual need . 
  germany would point out that celebrating the release of every criminal in paris seems an odd thing to base a civilised nation on . 
  if companies want to put forward a joint tender that is great . 
  that is pretty much what happens in the us anyway . 
  lockheed martin will contract out to or partner with a company that specialises in radar rather than making their own . 
  there 's a very big difference between companies working out a joint platform between themselves and governments saying `` no we are using our shitty jet engine because the alternative is job losses '' . 
  that is what i 'm saying . 
  there is no chance any of the nations will give up their own arms companies . 
  this is the blight on every single pan-european defence project . 
  everyone always wants to shove in their silly inefficient components so that their own public get some jobs out of it . 
  the american system of holding a tender and letting the companies fight it out is a much better one than managing procurement in a political negotiation . 
  though it will lead to the entire project being managed by dassault , bae , whatever . 
  johnson-putin pact says otherwise . 
  i 'm not sure what farage actually wants at this point . 
  he has such an absurd amount of money he hardly needs the traditional post politics public speaking racket . 
  could be done easily if we start violating treaties . 
  just vote to suspend the uk voting rights and just hold a gtfo vote . 
  i doubt it .
