  reddit is the home of the rugged libertarian . 
  in the uk our politicians actively campaign as plague and cholera . 
  everyone always says the same . 
  it is also always true . 
  conservatives are people who 've already won the argument . 
  thus they become conservative . 
  it will happen to you too !, 
  we are in for 30 years of isolationism in the uk . 
  mainly brought on by our misadventures in iraq . 
  we 'll have a younger generation who thinks it is utterly absurd that our elders casually sit there consuming the worlds wealth without lifting a finger to help these people throw off their dictators . 
  not really a single show as such but david attenborough and his endless array of documentaries deserves a mention . 
  is it the best though ? 
  ofah was more of a cultural phenomenon than a great show . 
  that is n't to say it was n't good . 
  you know chamberlain is thought of such that a century from now the name will be an insult in the uk ? 
  probably unjustifiably because even if britain wanted to intervene we could not have done so at that moment . 
  appeasement was the right policy on pragmatic ground . 
  sun tzu had much to say on the subject . 
  if anyone is to blame it is the leaders in the early 30s who gave tacit approval to the rise of fascism without building an army to put them back in their box . 
  britain does n't own it . 
  the people living there do . 
  unlike argentina there was no native population of the falklands who could lay a claim . 
  i do n't think the legal precedent is the most important . 
  the real precedent being set is a new era of politics in europe . 
  for centuries there was a drive towards larger and larger unions because it was the only way to survive in a dangerous europe . 
  with the eu as a guarantor it is now possible for some of these blocks to split . 
  if there is a demonstrative case then it could create a century of balkanisation in europe . 
  nobody is suggesting germany retard their exports . 
  the beggar thy neighbour part is where germany reduced wages . 
  cutting net demand in their nation and thus reducing their imports . 
  if greece did such reforms as germany ask then the net result is greece stops buying mercedes . 
  if everyone does this then nobody trades because nobody has any money left . 
  internal devaluation is a net negative in a trade zone . 
  it can cause flows of money out of other nations into your own but it destructive when you look at the big picture . 
  germany does n't benefit from it nearly as much as everyone else loses . 
  long term germany will suffer too from this plan . 
  it is like having a pie that continually grows . 
  you can either cut from the pie carefully so it can keep growing or you can eat it all at once . 
  why should a nation not eat the entire pie today ? 
  that is an incredible correlation to assert as meaningful . 
  does n't germany have a fetish about obeying road crossing laws ? 
  is n't this more likely to be a factor than the shape of the crossing light ? 
  i think the article misses the thrust of where the far right comes from and why it is behaving weirdly this time . 
  the far right was never driven by the dispossessed poor . 
  it was driven mostly by the middle classes who did n't want to pay for the dispossessed poor . 
  it is why the far right has always had socialism as the target . 
  so why are the richer nations generally swinging more to the right ? 
  the gap between the haves and have nots is currently developing along national boundaries . 
  true finns largely stand for not doing socialism for `` reckless '' giips . 
  the original vote left the public with a choice of morsi or a muburak candidate . 
  when that happened the current scenario was inevitable . 
  especially given that the incoming leader was tasked with creating the constitution . 
  what an absurd idea . 
  i do n't believe nations without a strong democratic tradition can really assert the `` but he was elected '' defence like others can . 
  if a dictator took over the uk then upon their death or end of term the public would quickly reassert democracy . 
  in a nation not used to and expectant of democracy this is n't the case . 
  the democracy must sometimes be defended by extraordinary means . 
  including removing an elected man who 'd make himself king . 
  however where the military goes from here is what will decide whether this move will be seen as a good or bad one . 
  egypt needs to give some proper thought to checks and balances before they elect another would be caesar . 
  when your success comes from a beggar thy neighbour policy , yes . 
  germans are complaining that their prosperity has come via wage cuts . 
  the rest of europe are asking germans to actually stop sacrificing their wages because it damages the wider economy . 
  this is the beggar thy neighbour part . 
  the german drive to cut wages caused a massive imbalance in the european economy . 
  it cut german consumption which increased an already dangerous trade gap . 
  if everyone did what germany did all we 'd end up as would be beggars . 
  germany has restored the mercantile era and calls it ethical . 
  it is madness and needs to be reversed . 
  i 'd say france and the uk were much more like rome and the greek states . 
  we just never strong enough for one to dominate the other . 
  you should have raised your objections with the kaiser when you had the chance . 
  the british result is interesting . 
  the thatcher generation hate this country . 
  it is a real outlier . 
  kaiserin merkel will ensure that people are content with the situation . 
  well if it were to happen i object to the term use . 
  i 'd rather we called ourselves the second holy roman empire or something . 
  yes but a search warrant is n't going to allow specific detention under anti-terror laws . 
  you think arbitrarily detaining journalists without just cause that would stand up in a court of law is acceptable ? 
  the real issue is overly broad laws being abused precisely as anyone with a mind said they would be when they were created . 
  gchq does n't tell the press what to print in its stories . 
  the press does n't tell gchq how to use its computer shredders . 
  russia jokes about mighty byzantine empire . 
  do you agree that if a new bill repealed the bill you stated then the original bill comes back into effect ? 
  if you do then you do n't even disagree with me . 
  it means it is still technically in effect . 
  there is no legal distinction between a bill that happens to have no effect and a bill that does . 
  only a pragmatic one . 
  there is n't such a thing as a repealed law though as i just pointed out . 
  it is entirely possible for a law to revive a dead law via side effect . 
  that is why it is still there . 
  we do n't put the bills to one side . 
  repealed laws are in the same body as current laws . 
  precisely because some other future law could accidentally make them relevant again . 
  or precisely because the law that repealed them was badly written and did n't do it properly . 
  it is dejure forever even if it is defacto repealed . 
  a bill that has had all its terms revoked is in the british tradition an active bill that is merely empty . 
  yes you can amend laws . 
  you can also amend laws into defacto non-existence .
