  what should have happened is an unofficial left win remain campaign that could point out that leave just want to destroy workers rights without being accused of hypocrisy . 
  who knows ? 
  most of the enlargement does n't exactly give you uk sized economies . 
  regardless none of this alters the fact that trade with nations you can see on a clear day in dover will be easier than trading with nations we actually needed to dig a fucking canal through the sinai to shave a few weeks off the journey . 
  honestly the rhetoric about the poles has died down . 
  right now the average leave voter seems to want to leave the eu to reduce all the muslims coming in from pakistan . 
  they are n't even sticking to factoids . 
  this level of argument is roughly there with schoolyard debates on which power ranger is best and why . 
   remember the cologne incident ? 
  what does the german response to an internal matter caused mostly by their own citizens have to do with the eu ? 
  the ttip thing is funny as leave campaigners are simultaneously moaning that we do n't sign trade agreements without overview , negotiation or even commentary like most of the trade partners of the us . 
  we simultaneously must both sign and not sign ttip . 
  it is a political miracle that they 've been able to convince 50 % of the public that we must both go left and right simultaneously and that the eu is foolish for not doing both or doing either at all . 
  the best thing is those who wo n't have to live with the consequences are driving the exit . 
  if they fail now it 'll probably turn permanently towards a pro-eu majority in 10 years . 
  obviously it has to be the first european empire . 
  according to wikipedia 350k african-americans served in the us armies during ww1 . 
  not if it means being chained to the foreign policies of nations that practice with brooms . 
  will never do better than my process of pointing out a policy at random using gut feeling and then decrying my opponents for being afraid to make the hard choices . 
  when did territories ever have a say ? 
   up until the 90s , borders were closed . 
  no they were n't . 
  freedom of movement literally dates all the way back to the treaty of rome . 
  the service sector is making more money than manufacturing ever did . 
  the fascination with manufacturing borders on luddism . 
  even now all our growth is being driven by non-manufacturing means because manufacturing does not make much money . 
  the uk is not suffering from this effect . 
  yes greece and co are being screwed by the mechanism but the uk is a huge beneficiary . 
  we do n't have much heavy industry true . 
  that is because an economy built on heavy industry is an insane idea . 
  we wo n't have any more heavy industry if we leave . 
  unless we count it relative after the other markets contract . 
   another point is that the older folk were voting ` no ' in the scottish referendum - a group that is generally underrepresented in polling . 
  the older folk are in support of leaving the eu this time around , so possibly this might be a cause of inaccuracy in the polls . 
  that is n't true . 
  the generations that lived through thatcher were by far the most anti-union . 
  the younger vote was actually the most pro-union . 
  those born after thatcher or were never steeped in the whole socialist v evil tory fight . 
  the commonwealth . 
  i blame the eu for this . 
   what exactly was wrong when borders of countries were closed and capital/people could n't move freely between nations ? 
  we were a lot poorer . 
  when the world you are talking about existed , soap was a luxury . 
  to be fair blair thought he had a deal with the other european nations to open simultaneously . 
  to be fair back then it was our world to set on fire . 
  remain voters are n't going to want to surrender free movement . 
  britain benefits massively from it . 
  more than any other nation in europe most likely . 
  the crazy thing about this is the one nation that definitely does not want all poles moving to britain is poland . 
  they 'd quite like those people back in poland . 
  we otoh benefit massively and moan about it . 
  if the eu did agree to give up freedom of movement i 'd want a referendum to refuse that deal . 
  black soldiers did feature heavily in ww1 . 
  both french and americans . 
  in fact it was one of the points of conflict between the entente and the us that americans treated their black soldiers like utter shit . 
  hell this happened in both world wars where britain or france defended us black soldiers . 
  really ? 
  the vast bulk of ww2 small arms were simple rifles . 
  never mind ww1 ( where single shot rifles were by far the norm ) . 
  ww2 without germany might even be fun . 
  both are pointing to something different . 
  soviet and german deaths on the eastern front were so high because both sides were executing all prisoners . 
  the eastern front was an ethnic cleansing campaign in both directions . 
  on the western front the fatality/casualty ratio was much lower because neither side was intentionally massacring surrendered combatants . 
  people saying `` most deaths happened on the eastern front , therefore more fighting '' seriously misunderstand what happened in the war . 
  you have to compare casualty rates ( which are still heavily favouring the eastern front but not by nearly as much ) . 
  to be fair if you are counting the pacific theatre casualties then it is very much your problem . 
  arguably britain and france did n't care too much about what japan was doing . 
  that is the nature of world wars . 
  calling it a stalemate misunderstands what was going on . 
  germany were literally running out of people . 
  britain had not . 
  jutland did n't change anything other than confirm that britain 's naval domination would continue . 
  it was pretty much a tactical germany victory ( we lost more than they did ) and an strategic british victory ( when the noose started to close it was clear we 'd come out ahead , germany disengaged and never left port again ) . 
  if anything the uk has always made jokes about the us being perpetually late . 
  in ww1 the contributions of the us are if anything underplayed in the uk . 
  yeah but you guys all want to be americans anyway obviously . 
  one day soon france will love you enough to give you back the elsass . 
  i thought we already did that . 
  that is why you guys exist . 
  i ca n't even imagine the mess trying to integrate russia into the eu politically would make . 
  it would be similar to if austria had agreed to lead a unified germany and trying to work out how a nation as powerful as prussia fits into it . 
  obviously too large to just be another state and not powerful enough to also dominate it . 
  you guys should unify for a larger and grander form of irrelevance . 
  hey you ca n't claim mediocrity for the entire isles !, 
  ireland 's defence is pretty much guaranteed by the uk . 
  we do n't speak of it openly because obviously there is history there but the reality is if ireland was attacked the uk would have to intervene and ireland knows this . 
  ireland and the uk have open borders and open trade beyond the eu norm . 
  the relationship at this point is similar to the nordic group other than not enough time has yet passed for it to be talked about that way . 
  the west are n't the ones taking the bribes though . 
  this started happening when fifa 's rules were changed to be more democratic . 
  partly at least . 
  that introduced the bribery , what has happened since is the west has cracked down hard on westerners bribing foreign officials . 
  so the bribe money from the west has dried up , leaving qatar and russia holding the wc . 
  if labour were really clever they 'd prop him up for a few years . 
  they can claim they are supporting a stable britain while effectively holding the arena together for the tories to kill each other . 
  ca n't see them being politically awake enough to do it though . 
  obviously we are going to exit the continent and move ourselves somewhere off new york . 
  switzerland does . 
  their deal more or less mirrors the eea .
