  the vast bulk of slavery in the world was driven by spain and portugal ( iirc 45 % of all slaves were traded by portugal ) . 
  the uk probably did play a large part in the initial establishment of the modern slave trade though . 
  the legal frame works and systems behind it . 
  we also pretty much immediately then banned slavery and spent decades fighting a solo war against the trade . 
  so our history on it is mixed . 
  i think it is fair to say slavery would not have been abolished at all without the uk . 
  the whole european drive for abolition was practically because britain basically started declaring war on slave trading nations . 
  nope you 'd all be floating around without us . 
   being fat alcoholic inbreed sun readers does n't help i guess . 
  hey i never read that rag !, 
  swap you utah ? 
  i did n't say it was great . 
  in fact i intentionally said it was not . 
  however theories that said non-whites were genetically inferior , political theories that emphasised the value of the home nation over all others , etc all that happened in the 1800s . 
  no doubt a great many people died prior to this time but in the 1800s people did it with the intent of maximum harm and called it a good thing . 
  so many died in the congo because wiping out inferiors was not seen as a bad thing in the thinking of the time . 
  tbh this is debatable . 
  the colonisation of africa coincided with the rise of nationalism . 
  it was particularly bad because suddenly racial and nationalist dialogues were the norm in europe . 
  earlier colonisation happened at a time before the rise of nationalism . 
  of particular interest is the saint-domingue uprising during the french revolution . 
  the colony had a huge free coloured population that had wealth and a degree of social standing . 
  during and slightly before the uprising there was a sudden wave of racist legislation that played a huge part in driving the uprising . 
  the early stages of the colony while not great certainly did n't have the horrible racism and nationalism of the 1800s . 
  the free state was at the absolute height of the normalisation of racism . 
  it is n't that we do n't remember what happened in earlier colonial waves , it is actually that they were n't nearly as bad . 
  practically germany is the only proponent of ordoliberalism . 
  germany practically follows its own school of macroeconomics that only exists in germany and who 's only evidence is the papiermark hyperinflation . 
  the entire problem with the ecb is germany has a wildly different view of economics to the rest of the world . 
  tbh the big issue is a bunch of these things have to be done simultaneously . 
  they tried to incrementally introduce stuff that had to be done in concert . 
   germany goes to czech republic ? 
  only the sudetenland . 
  but imagine the potential of polish south japan ... 
  most people in the uk do n't even read the papers . 
  it works because the percentage that do are still enough to turn elections . 
  were n't the etruscans already a greek influenced culture ? 
  we did go cap in hand to the imf for a bail out though . 
  something only third world countries had done at the time . 
  come now the people have spoken . 
  terrorists are renown for their enduring respect for democracy and the will of the british people . 
  actually i 'm not sure what the complaint is at this point . 
  when we shifted the echr into british law directly so british judges could show those europeans how to apply the law they ended up much stricter . 
  british judges , contrary to the expectation of the politicians , started giving even broader rights than strasbourg . 
  the main reason to repeal the hra was to try and remove power from the british judges and hand it back to strasbourg ( a pointless exercise as the bounds of `` cultural differences '' has now been set decisively with precedents ) . 
  cancelling the echr altogether just means british judges telling the government to fuck off again . 
  though they 'll be able to legislate around it quickly now . 
  russia gives you nice referendum slips and escorts you to station with armed soldiers to make sure nobody interferes with your request . 
   the reason the british kept 6 counties was to give some protection to the protestant people from their roman catholic neighbours . 
  and they 've been trying to think of ways to sell us out since , churchill tried it twice . 
  the uk at large has never wanted it though . 
  the uvs threatening eternal bloodshed on both islands was the central cause of the split . 
  well it was nice for us . 
  surely you mean unify ? 
   in this sense the progressive scale of taxes can be called genocide it would if progressive taxation had execution somewhere on the scale . 
  the kulaks were purged , not sent a tax bill . 
  i think blindly hating communists is dodgy . 
  to steal from christianity , hate the sin but not the sinner . 
  stalin 's own words  now we have the opportunity to carry out a resolute offensive against the kulaks , break their resistance , eliminate them as a class and replace their production with the production of kolkhozes and sovkhozes . 
  hardly sounds like industrial policy . 
  my point is that it is wiggling over semantics . 
  annihilating a group of millions that does n't technically constitute a race does n't alter the ethical issues with the act . 
  it reminds me of people trying to claim islamophobia is n't racism as if mindlessly hating a group of 1b + people is ok because it is n't technically racist . 
  both use semantic wiggle room to try and deny the ethical weight of the act by rather superficially altering the nature of the act . 
  whether it is technically genocide or not is irrelevant . 
  stalin still set out to annihilate a group of people that numbered in the millions . 
  tbh it boils down to arguing that hating muslims is n't racist . 
  the nature of the act is the same , even if some purely superficial elements are different . 
  he made a comment about exterminating the kulaks . 
  why do you suppose he was lying ? 
  there were three fates for the kulaks : 1 . 
  outright execution 2 . 
  deportation to siberia 3 . 
  enslavement on collective farms . 
  in what sense is this not a genocide ? 
  this is n't far from what the nazis did to the jews ( death , deportation and enslavement being the three preferred tools there ) . 
  yes stalin attempted to eliminate an entire class of people . 
  it is genocide . 
  well if you want to give it to the crimean tartars you need to send it all to siberia . 
  russia can prove this is where they displaced those people to . 
  gallipoli was never meant to do what it did though . 
  it was meant to be a naval only operation using ships that everyone agreed were useless on a suicide run through the bosphorus to smash the turkish forts . 
  the first ship hit a mine and the admirals demanded soldiers die to defend their useless ships ( when the overall strategic aim of it was to not be another bloody mess like the western front ) . 
  the moment the admirals balked the entire operation should have been scrubbed . 
  bit unfair really . 
  while there were a lot of colonial soldiers the brunt of the early losses ( at least from the british empire ) was taken by british nationals . 
  of course in the early stages of ww1 france had 5m soldiers , germany had 8m soldiers and we sent in 70k ( pretty much the entire british standing army ) . 
  then there was the surreal moment of 70k british soldiers fighting against a german force of 1.8 m and actually doing reasonably . 
  that part of the front was one of the few that actually hurt germany during the great retreat . 
  as war casualties mounted there were more and more colonial soldiers . 
  obviously at some point britain built an actual army rather than trying to fight 8m germans with 70k admittedly elite soldiers . 
  still there were millions of brits deployed before we started looking towards the colonies in any numbers . 
  i have a medical condition where i drown when exposed to large quantities of water . 
  yeah when they had the power to kill their leaders they did it 3/4 times to be certain . 
  hippies were never the majority . 
  it was a counter culture . 
  we had goths when i was in school , 95 % + of kids did not dress up all in black . 
  most british people do n't read newspapers is what it amounts to . 
  print media is next to dead in the uk because we are aware of how absurd it is . 
  when have we ever had smart politicians ?
