  parliament is where we hide idiots to keep them out of trouble . 
  merca projection . 
  the four freedoms and the single market are pretty much one and the same thing . 
  the issue is n't flexibility . 
  it is like telling man utd you 'd happily support them if only they stop playing football . 
  it is n't inflexibility to say no to that . 
   correlation is n't the same as causation . 
  no but a lack of correlation demonstrates no causation . 
  correlation implies . 
  if wealth was the primary driving force then the poor educated and rich uneducated should have voted in line with wealth rather than education . 
  instead uneducated rich people voted with uneducated poor people . 
  the lack of causation demonstrates that the premise that this was a vote on wealth is wrong . 
  they 'll stick glass sheets together until the focusing power is capable of frying immigrants . 
  then call it job done . 
  creating any kind of building would actually decrease price . 
  well look how stable italy is . 
  the euro has caused it . 
  germany has been seen as the primary beneficiary of the euro so were expected to step up to save it . 
  france have been in a mess also and britain does n't care about the euro . 
  it is ironic really , given what the euro was intended to do . 
  to be fair there was a plan in place originally for all nations to forgo the grace period . 
  we jumped first and others then changed their mind . 
  tbh i think a large part of it is people knew they should probably hate him years before they did . 
  now they are reacting to their failure to hate him previously . 
  arguably napoleon was able to do as well as he did because others had fixed france previously . 
  i honestly think if blair could win the labour leadership he 'd have a fair shout at winning an election . 
  he 's hated but what politician is n't ? 
  scottish cook book , one page . 
  throw it in there . 
  taking wrapper off optional . 
  wait until they start judging quality by how many times it has been fried . 
  he got elected on balance but did n't behave as if he had . 
  if nato crumbled you can rip up the npt straight away . 
  europe will scramble to get nukes if forced to deal with russia alone . 
  corbyn is on electoral suicide anyway . 
  his grand plan is to support younger generations and park himself in the role for a decade while that support base builds . 
  he 's more or less already accepted the next election as a loss . 
  he is 100 % shooting himself in the foot if he does n't block the exit . 
  it is what the demographic his strategy targets wants . 
  if he does n't block he should quit the position . 
  though at this point i wonder if he 's using his inherent unpopularity with the plp to incite a rebellion to block brexit . 
  he only campaigned because 90 % of his support base is pro-eu . 
  they have n't figured out he sold them down the river yet . 
  could be worse , you could call them finns . 
  all of those holidays predate christianity . 
  hell christians in the uk spent a long time trying to abolish them because they have stuff all to do with christianity . 
  as i understand it the wartime/postwar propaganda is still very dominant . 
  immediately after ww2 france went heavily down the `` vichy was a helpless puppet government propped up by the nazis with all the collaborators basically having no agency '' route . 
  in the 70s historians decided enough propaganda was enough and looked towards a more realistic view of vichy , one of active collaboration . 
  whenever this stuff happens the propaganda never really goes away . 
  if anything the propaganda tends to be very hard to shift . 
  look at the number of wehraboos in the world . 
  not knowing that the reputation of the german military was exaggerated primarily because `` hands up , we were all pretty damned incompetent last year during the fall of france '' is not something politicians like to tell their public . 
  you can have the basques , calatans and other awkward customers . 
  we 'll have all the people who 've proven willing to abandon their cultural identity on the drop of a hat . 
  this is why it is red on the map . 
  smelt down to ingots , make jewellery , enchant , sell . 
  people had the option to change things . 
  nl were dead . 
  they just had to not vote tory . 
  people do n't even try to fix the problems because they do n't understand that the problem is the problem . 
  big tech companies usually run from capital cities anyway . 
  they are the frontrunners of `` lets invent our own industrial region for this shit '' . 
  seeing london get a kick in the teeth will make many happy because they 've suffered 30 years of london getting 30 times the investment per capita in infrastructure . 
  to a degree london/westminster brought this on itself by basically saying `` wtf are you going to do about it '' for decades in which nowhere else in the uk has had roads or rail developed properly . 
  there was never a decline in the lead up to the winter of discontent . 
  we just fell behind europe over decades and then a small blip was enough to bring society to a halt . 
  people have and always will judge the standard of living relatively . 
  it is actually legally untested what revoking article 50 is . 
  you could argue that the central principle of the eu retains powers in the state and thus since article 50 says nothing about how it might be revoked that the member state automatically has the power . 
  there is certainly no treaty that says it is a decision the council has to make whether by unanimity or qmv . 
  if it did turn out to be a council decision it would likely be a qmv vote as the last treaties established in principle that qmv is to be the norm . 
  the funny thing is if there was ever a case of british exceptionalism it was in our tendency to be pragmatists to the point of being distrusted by literally everyone . 
  britain would beg when it needed to beg , betray when it needed to betray and when we had the opportunity we took a third of the world . 
  all this `` fuck practicality we 're britain '' is the end of about 500 years of us basically quietly finding the perfect position for our nation . 
  yeah but all of this was the fault of people in westminster . 
  germany does n't have these problems to this degree . 
  the uk embarked on a grand national model of social darwinism ( except for london which gets socialism ) 40 years ago and we 're reaping the rewards . 
  bugger all to do with the eu . 
  the funny thing about it all is the people who backed brexit are the ones who imposed the social darwinism on the uk . 
  well now we have this great economic mess that is going to be blamed on those people who wanted brexit . 
  shit is going to get a lot harder for them when views harden against them . 
  within 10 years half the people who voted leave will be gone from this world and the rest are going to find themselves in a lonely minority that will find itself continually punished for everything that goes wrong in the country . 
  these people who banked on westminster continuing to fund eu development projects are in for a rude awakening when they find themselves holding the blame . 
  wonderful days ahead . 
  this is the start of the bullshit , the country is split in half and it 'll stay this way for the next 25 years . 
  the worse part is many people voted to `` remove brussels as an excuse '' . 
  they are all going to blame brexit for everything now . 
  does n't really affect you though . 
  only we need to deal with the delusional . 
  plague was lucky justinian went easy on it . 
  the entire continent has a gdp less than france . 
  that was n't the first wave . 
  the bubonic plague hit europe during the time of justinian . 
  in fact it is probably the main reason his great project to restore the roman empire failed . 
  at a crucial moment constantinople all well down with the plague , even the emperor had it . 
  meh one of these things . 
  still the tanks being of divine origin also works though is n't the cliche . 
  thankfully he 'll never be allowed . 
  the tories will never forgive him for his role in dropping the brexit mess on their lap .
