  realistically the uk policy is revenue neutral ( though the structural deficit is falling ) . 
  the second reason is qe . 
  we 've never been in danger of suffering from depression . 
  the third reason is we did start being run in a moronic way in 2010 . 
  there is a degree of slack from those years which is now being absorbed . 
  the tories corrected their course , without admitting they were ever wrong , in about 2012 and we 've seen a bit of a rebound from that . 
  a bigger issue is really why is the eurozone still stuttering around ? 
  if the eurozone was fit for purpose we would not be outperforming it . 
  it is n't really surprising ? 
  the imf rarely deals with western nations who will unquestionably push back more . 
  i mean assuming britain actually followed through with its imf request in the 70s , is the imf really going to treat the uk like it would some african nation ? 
  just a question of power balance . 
  at the same time the imf was most vocal that the ecb plan for greece was hilariously stupid . 
  the imf does n't generally want to involve itself in debates about austerity v stimulus but has been forced into an uncomfortable position . 
  none of the main cannons of modern tanks are capable of penetrating its armour . 
  the challenger 2 and abrams literally just pound each other without getting anywhere in proving . 
  also the challenger 2 has the longest range kill in history . 
  speed is n't as important when you can just kill the fucker flying towards you . 
  where is that super mutant hiding ? 
  randomly burning the personal property of citizens is not doing shit . 
  / / edit - missed that this is a police car . 
  well at least they are putting their money where their mouths are . 
  tbh there is unquestionably elitism in many areas of society . 
  i mean yes the bullingdon club unquestionably is better educated than most people but for every single one of them to be in government to the exclusion of others is a rather remarkable set of coincidence . 
  put simply we would expect a disparity between private and state schooling . 
  we would not expect a near whitewash . 
  we would expect the brightest among the state schooled to prevail regardless . 
  the old boys club certainly dominates politics . 
  my point was more that corruption is n't all action done in work that is unethical . 
  it has to be for personal gain . 
  while i disagree with the author , we have such low corruption because we are one of the key trend setters on anti-corruption . 
  the fact that we are better than most nations is meaningless . 
  where there are other forms of corruption we should pursue them even though we are overall one of the better nations on the planet . 
  as it is the author seems to define corruption as `` stuff i dislike '' . 
  a large amount of this stuff is morally objectionable but not corruption . 
  corruption that does exist in the uk is : 1 . 
  the huge hillsborough cover up . 
  the conspiracy of silence around saville and similar . 
  the failure of councils and police to pursue paedophile gangs because silence is better than something happening `` on their watch '' . 
  politicians using the secrets act to protect each other from crimes committed . 
  abuse of planning power by councillors to defend their own property prices . 
  these are specifically public personalities using their power for personal end goals rather than the purposes for what that power was granted . 
  corruption is simply where you fail to do your job properly because doing your job improperly gives you a personal benefit . 
  whether via demanding bribes or by using powers to your own end . 
  banks misrepresenting products to sell them is shitty behaviour but it is n't corruption . 
  it is very much the purpose of those sales people to sell stuff . 
  doing your job in an unethical way is not corruption . 
  not doing your job for personal end gain is corruption . 
  i like the term great britain much more than i like the term united kingdom ( which lets face it sounds like a systematic name from chemistry ) . 
  if ni ever leave we should formally become gb in all contexts imo . 
  yeah but that is because american cultural distinctions are obviously not relevant !, 
  it makes it a wider skeleton . 
  unless the bones have suddenly become thinner then the volume of it must be higher . 
  if the bones are the same density it must then be heavier . 
   of course they are wider , they are fatter . 
  fat makes them wide . 
  even extremely morbidly obese people have normal sized skeletons . 
  i did n't say obese people . 
  there are plenty of skinny people with a wide clavicle distance . 
   there is no such thing as a fat skeleton yes there is . 
  some people are literally wider than others . 
  even if they got to 1 % body fat a person with a wide clavicle is just going to have more bone than somebody who does n't . 
   and you grossly underestimate how much training it takes to build up a high amount of muscle by weight . 
  i weight train . 
  it is more than possible for a beginner to put on 20lbs in one year . 
  that is enough to put you from normal category into obese . 
  bmi is completely inadequate for anything other than judging populations . 
  even then it has problems because it also over reports for taller and under reports for shorter people . 
  as the population gets taller you 'll get a skew towards obese if body fat percentage is level . 
  fwiw i was in the overweight range before i ever picked up a barbell at 20 % bodyfat . 
   when even world class sportsmen dont build up so much muscle that they would be considered overweight because of it , then for a normal person that is even less likely to be the case . 
  nearly every world class sportsmen is in the overweight category . 
  most rugby players are considered obese under bmi . 
  johnny wilkinson was famously in the obese category at the 2003 world cup . 
  right now in the us the overweight category actually has a demonstrably lower risk of death than the normal category . 
   the boundaries are the source of endless debate and a recent meta-study in the united states looking at 100 studies including three million people suggested that the people who were overweight had a slightly lower risk of early death than those in the normal category . 
  greece is surprisingly metal . 
  bmi is indeed meaningless in both directions on an individual basis . 
  there are people who are in a normal bmi range that have slight builds , this means their body fat percentage will be higher than they suspect . 
  otoh there are people with a huge skeletal structure who 'll never ever hit normal range on bmi without becoming very unhealthy . 
  this is without dealing with the fact anyone who does any sort of resistance training will be overweight regardless . 
  the interesting thing about bmi is nobody denies it is utterly useless but it persists solely because it is easy to measure . 
  the who is mental then . 
  bmi is of course meaningless on an individual basis in any case . 
  crimea should obviously become a neutral sovereign state between russia and ukraine . 
  russia need to respect ukraine 's security concerns in the region . 
  imagine if all of europe was belgium . 
  what is fuhrer in russian ? 
  i wish david cameron would go missing for a week or two . 
  you have boats , that could be put on the bottom of the seas . 
  explain this concept . 
  # 40b in 2003 pounds . 
  back then a pound was worth $ 2 so $ 80b . 
  then adjust for inflation . 
  it cost a lot more than the manhattan project . 
  the manhattan project honestly created a relatively simple device . 
  i doubt any military jet would come out cheaper . 
  parliament would then be the ones receiving bribes . 
  you do understand how inflation works ? 
  of course people change but the proportions will still be based upon what is there now .
