  the eu is trying to force regulation that is bad and only intended to punish the uk . 
  why on earth do people expect us to just sit there and take such nonsense . 
  we 've proposed numerous sensible regulation but it keeps getting ignored . 
  your politicians are looking for bullshit to sell to their public rather than solutions . 
  britain has been used as a political whipping boy to force reform through the eu . 
  everyone who is n't france has supported said reform but we have to be the public face of it for some reason . 
  of course it helps that our own public has a fixation with politicians being seen to `` stand up to brussels '' . 
  yeah i did n't watch that . 
  what has he done now ? 
  i have n't watched any sc2 for over a year . 
   all countries that ever engaged in the slave trade should offer a sincere and highly official apology - there is hardly a worse crime . 
  well we banned all slavery in the empire , bought out every slave within the empire and then declared a unilateral war on the slave trade that ended successfully . 
  the problem with apologies or even strong corrective action is that nobody remembers it . 
  europe basically stole the arabs network from them . 
  we actually stopped the us and canada from shipping food in . 
  i 'm not sure what was going through churchill 's head but it probably was n't anything good . 
  source on this ? 
  britain bought a load of food from the us to alleviate the famine . 
  the maize just was n't suitable for processing in the facilities available in ireland . 
  talk of russia standing alone against napoleon is hilarious . 
  russia broke the continental system because britain was making serious headway against napoleon . 
  the french economy was in pieces , iberia had been turned into something that looks like the gaza strip , a large british build up for invasion of central europe was underway . 
  russia saw the end coming for napoleon and decided to be one of the first to break with him . 
  i doubt they expected napoleon to go mental and throw away the french empire in an invasion . 
  it has been interesting to see the us suddenly rationalise a great number of foreign policy issues . 
  cuba in particular felt an entirely pointless enemy and pointless enemies are unnecessary weaknesses . 
  this is just how social change works . 
  in these nations christianity is dying faster than paganism ever did and the pagans were actively persecuted . 
  to go in 50 years from 90 % christian to this is exceptional in history . 
  migrants are 3/5s of a worker according to farage . 
  there is currently no evidence to the contrary . 
  for all the progress of china it remains miles behind western standards . 
  interestingly it 's growth is slowing down while india 's is actually accelerating . 
  history was n't made yesterday . 
   people seemingly do not consider efficiency a prerequisite for a functioning government , which troubles me in a way . 
  i 'd argue that government should be fast and efficient . 
  legislatives should be slow , uncertain and careful . 
  ideally one would begrudge slightly the existence of the other . 
  the legislative should never serve the government nor the government the legislative . 
  no target date is ever set . 
  nations have an obligation to think about joining the euro eventually . 
  does this mean we can get rid of tolls on the severn bridge ? 
  we should unify and invade france to get ownership of our infrastructure back . 
  i was going to say this . 
  if gibraltar counts , we need beaches !, 
  we should have a referendum `` do you want liberland to continue to be filthy non redit nation ? '' . 
  we 'll mandate a 75 % super majority for passing . 
  if it fails it fails and we get glorious nation . 
  if it succeeds is obvious rigged election , nobody votes 75 % for anything . 
   other extremist past as a liberal extremist this offends me . 
  brazil is still european clay . 
  we are just letting them have a moment of freedom . 
  we will only give you gibraltar if you also take ni . 
  the rebate shrunk significantly during the lisbon negotiations . 
   or rather , there should n't be any netcontributors ( therefore no net-recipients ) . 
  there should . 
  it should be richer nations contributing more . 
  however there should be rebates for nations that just do n't draw on cap much . 
  the intent of cap can not be an underhanded transfer mechanism to agriculturally focused nations . 
  to be fair one said destroyer could defeat the entire argentinian air force . 
  it will only shift evenly if those other countries liberalise . 
  right now all the wealth growth in places like china is based upon tapping into the western economy . 
  fundamental science research is focused on fundamental science . 
  nobody said the extra funding would go on more lhcs . 
  practical projects like nasa that do produce vast amounts of extra tech yes . 
  i 'd argue their large economy allows their large military rather than the other way around . 
  america was an economic miracle while it was still isolationist . 
  the us had a larger economy than the british empire before it even had a routine standing army . 
  technological progress can be achieved more efficiently otherwise . 
  this is a bad argument often repeated . 
  if a fraction of the money in question was handed to public research institutions it would achieve far more . 
   with how big and mineral resource rich russia is , they could have easily become richer than the us mineral resources are barely relevant . 
  the only nations that are rich from mineral resources have tiny populations relative to their resources . 
  russia does n't have any of the traits needed to build a working economy . 
  nearly all ukip voters live in constituencies with near 0 immigration as well . 
   conquered by england the longest ago of the nations in the uk ( ~ 1100ad ? ), 
  tbh the situation in wales was probably comparable to palestine for 4/5 centuries . 
  then henry tudor won the war of the roses . 
  he was descended from a few of the major welsh houses so it put an end to the rebellions . 
  yeah people tend to link the fall of the ussr with the end of the cold war . 
  this is post fact revisionism . 
  the cold war was ended by gorbachev . 
  years later the ussr collapsed while attempting to reform . 
  he gets a lot of respect for bring an end to perhaps the most dangerous confrontation between super powers in history . 
  he also had the right intent for the ussr . 
  it was just too far gone to be salvaged . 
  there was no way forward for it . 
  to be fair we still were n't entirely sure if hitler was a lesser evil than stalin . 
  if he 'd agreed to just invade the ussr we 'd have likely told poland they had to let him through . 
  the whole mess was us trying to play two monsters off against each other and screwing it up . 
  gorbachev ended the cold war . 
  the fact he inherited a ussr that was utterly broken beyond repair and absolutely ethically debased is not his fault . 
  being christian helped them a lot . 
  informed consent is explicitly defined to be that you have to be certain the person is aware of what they are getting into . 
  it was created as a stronger guarantee to `` it is in the contract somewhere '' . 
  the concept originally existed for medical research and elective surgery . 
  when you go in for non-critical surgery you are walked through absolutely everything . 
  the surgeon goes over it with you and then you sign a form where you have to initial every single paragraph before signing . 
  that is informed consent . 
  i do n't think the ussr had bad gender relations relative to the rest of the world .
