  harmonisation of the services market . 
  nobody is talking about what we could do to improve competitiveness . 
  all the focus is on protecting creditors from national collapses . 
  france does n't seem to have a position . 
  the uk could be driving forward the case for economic reform but is more interested in a silly fight over leaving the union . 
  germany only cares about the creditors . 
  it is a mess . 
  because saying `` the uk wants this '' is a good way to frame the debate . 
  essentially given the job done on presenting every uk suggestion as anti-eu then you can derail any idea we support by pointing out our support . 
  of course many countries want this . 
  like most of the `` anti-eu '' measures we push . 
  tbh if they declared independence and the eu cracked down on them it 'd pretty much guarantee catalonian independence . 
  such an act would never be forgotten . 
  though it may not be the best way forward . 
  the us independence conflict was complicated . 
  parliament wanted to negotiate . 
  the king used the royal veto to force a conflict . 
  it was one of the last times a british monarch actually wielded any significant power . 
  cultural borders . 
  the us does n't have remotely the diversity the eu has . 
  you can run clean across the us and everyone can speak english more or less . 
  google has a bigger audience there . 
  in the eu any start up is limited to the audience that speaks their language . 
  this means they have less room to grow . 
  in the case of ibm . 
  they became massive because they were pretty much given protection by the us government under the new deal . 
  that is what made them . 
  they should n't if it means cyprus essentially becoming a puppet state of turkey as was suggested last time . 
  the uk had loads of problems with poles . 
  mainly because we were the only nation that opened our borders early to them . 
  it was badly managed and caused unnecessary friction . 
  the polish are n't the problem as much as the sheer volume . 
  the current stuff about romania in the uk is solely because of our experience at the last enlargement . 
  it is utterly idiotic ( we are n't the only people with open borders this time , nobody has taken the amnesty iirc ) but i can understand why it is a political issue . 
  with regards to bulgaria . 
  we have an office in sofia and to a man and woman they seem to be really great people . 
  no it is n't commonly and openly understood that vaccines cause autism . 
  people openly argue that maintaining house prices is a good reason for vetoing planning permission . 
  for what ? 
  it is common and openly understood that we reject planning applications to keep property prices up all the time * . 
  i do n't have a source . 
  it is a fact in the way air is a fact . 
  the greenbelt one is trickier . 
  the studies into it suggest it is a bad policy . 
  that a green patchwork system would be superior to a green belt . 
  however this has always been rejected out of hand . 
  * both nimbyism and more general rejection of new housing builds . 
  everyone pours their money into the property market and then votes out anyone who might fix the property market . 
  usually with a bunch of convenient excuses about green belt ( which should be retitled as the positive equity guarantee law ) and similar . 
  nobody thinks this is unsustainable despite it crushing the life out of our economy . 
  the thing is the british concept of a home owning democracy is a good one . 
  it just got side tracked when people started to push ( both nationally and locally ) for rulings designed to keep house prices up . 
  right now that principle is under serious threat from the state of the housing market . 
  they have this tendency to kill a lot of people . 
  trust is besides the point . 
  the eu is a necessity . 
  i do n't trust the roads but i drive on them anyway . 
  i do n't ask for someone to rip out the roads because not everyone can agree to drive on them properly . 
  hard to go back to the 50s and not waste all our resources chasing the dregs of the empire rather than modernising . 
  britain 's current state is all to do with our attempt to keep the empire afloat . 
  only our acceptance of the death of the empire saved the nation from permanent ruin . 
  there is n't a good way forward now . 
  we should n't be looking at germany but should be figuring out how we can promote new industry rather than revive old . 
  yes i 'm aware the bnp is essentially finished . 
  av would improve representation , not turnout . 
  both the bnp and ukip had popularity boosts that are n't really anything about what they stand for . 
  our politics are increasingly divorced from reality as fptp leads to politicians chasing an ever narrower section of the voter base . 
  this is what happens in a country where a huge swathe of the population feels disenfranchised . 
  of course we simultaneously hate our politics and fluffed up a referendum to change it . 
  though the politicians themselves set the timing and terms of the debate to kill it . 
  last place i saw that looked like that was andorra . 
  i can distinctly remember a sharp winding road up into the pyrenees . 
  if anything it shows practically how irrelevant the bnp are . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm saying it was more sensibly german than the lost hungarian territories . 
  i 'm not saying they are german today . 
  nor that other nations did n't also have strong claims . 
  germany lost a hell of a lot more than the alsace . 
  also you can sensibly argue the territory germany lost was actually german . 
  to be fair france was screwed when everyone declared war on them after the revolution . 
  they just did a good job of unscrewing and then counter screwing . 
  the official message has already moved on from expansionary austerity to moralism . 
  the fact is the politicians and people in question want austerity . 
  if the devil climbed out of the ground and cheered them on they 'd still support it . 
  there is no reason other than their emotional biases . 
  the evidence was always an excuse and a change in the evidence will not sway opinions not based upon them . 
  nope we 'd get decimated . 
  france and the uk would resist for a time until the supply chains burnt out . 
  we 'd have to nuke moscow . 
  libya proved two things : 1 . 
  the theoretical front line capabilities of the european forces is solid . 
  the supply chains are non-existent . 
  frankly i 'd rather the supply chains were excellent but the front line capabilities be weaker . 
  i ca n't see there being a common eu defence policy . 
  britain and france are too different to everyone else in this regard . 
  france and britain both still believe in the sort of politics created by the lon . 
  that powerful nations have a duty to intervene in crises where international conventions dictate . 
  the rest of europe has become near isolationist . 
  these are n't compatible positions . 
  look at what happened in libya .
