  however money prepared to back it is from the anti-eu camp . 
  it 'll be below the other eu countries on this measure before long anyway . 
  ireland used to be on the wrong side of this divide . 
   it 's most likely that if employers can afford to pay minimum wage or above , they do . 
  that is n't how capitalism works . 
  employers will naturally pay the bare minimum they can get away with . 
  hell it is often illegal for them not to . 
  obviously you do n't introduce a huge minimum wage on the first cut . 
  the $ 8.50 / hr is probably pie in the sky thinking . 
  what you do is introduce it at a low rate ( but higher than the silly $ 1.20 rates the article mentions ) and ramp it up once the market has adjusted . 
  eventually you reach an equilibrium and avoid gutting the market with a sudden discontinuity . 
  inflation is n't seen as something good by the us . 
  more by basic economics . 
  germany might be one of a handful of countries to experience hyperinflation but the whole world has seen a deflationary spiral . 
  comparing greece to germany is obviously farcical . 
  there is far more going on than minimum wage there . 
  the only even comparison is before/after within a particular economy . 
  it still is n't brilliant but is the test with the fewest moving parts . 
  even capitalist extremists like the uk and us have a minimum wage . 
  the uk economy barely blinked when we created one . 
  that has too many other factors to take seriously . 
  a more sensible comparison is how unemployment evolves when nations implement minimum wage laws . 
  it will increase the internal wealth of german workers . 
  they 'll spend more money . 
  it will increase internal demand . 
  it might have some theoretical minor impact on exports but that has never actually been measured in the real world . 
  did n't happen anywhere else a minimum wage was introduced . 
  germany has this fascination with squeezing its workers into the ground . 
  it is based upon touchy feely nonsense and gut instinct rather than backed by any facts in the real world . 
  fundamentally you have a continent of which a third wants to live under foreign protection , a third is barred by treaty/constitution from even owning a proper military , a third is still involved at the sharp end of intervention . 
  i still think we 'll see the entente revived with maybe new association agreements with those that actually are n't content to be completely defenceless . 
  eventually the entente might become an eu institution . 
  this is going to do a fuck tonne for the eu economy . 
  this bit of internal political horse trading will drastically increase german demand . 
  the spd might have just saved the eurozone . 
  while making germans a lot richer . 
  the key to the roman roads is to go fast enough that the other guy will regret that he got into a collision with you . 
  it is hilarious where those things pop up . 
  i was being guided through cardiff by sat nav a few years back . 
  suddenly i 'm on a roman road . 
  in the middle of the capital city . 
  to be fair when that was wrote we managed to convince the french and germans to kill each other while we sat on ships drinking tea and enjoying our international trade thing . 
  i do n't want ice in my drinks . 
  it is fucking freezing here . 
  fuck off with your ice bollocks . 
  no ice by default would be wonderful . 
  tbh it would n't surprise me if the core problem was institutional resistance . 
  that is what usually kills it projects . 
  the nhs in the uk has lost billions upon billions over the years because of open institutional hostility to change . 
  an ipad or nexus 7 is more than good enough for educational needs . 
  russia is trying to resist the expansion of the eu . 
  there is no third way for ukraine . 
   some claim to be proud because spain has won the football world cup in 2010 , because rafa nadal is one of the world 's top tennis players , because real madrid and fc barcelona are among the world 's best football clubs . 
  tbh the status of football in spain is a huge sign of the problem . 
  germany and britain love football but you wo n't see blatant state funding of clubs here . 
  football is football . 
  it is not a matter for the state other than in terms of safety , law and order . 
  the fact that the spanish state feels it gains political advantage by not taxing most of the football clubs is a sign of rot . 
  in all honesty your contribution to this would n't be measurable . 
  the retirement fund would manage it . 
  regardless we ca n't have corporations being immune to prosecution . 
  the problem begins and ends with a lack of shareholder liability . 
  there is no world in which you can fix this without making investors liable . 
  i believe in proportional liability . 
  people should be charged based upon the percentage of the shares they hold . 
  tbh the whole debate is misleading . 
  the idea that you need a formal fixed age is the problem . 
  the americans got this right with the sliding scale romeo and juliet laws they 've implemented in most states . 
  admittedly having spent many decades being very far from right . 
  all the various ages really come down to different stances on where you are going to accept edge cases in the law . 
  high ages say we 'd rather criminalise children rather than legitimise weirdos . 
  low ages the opposite . 
  a sliding scale covers both . 
  europe is too big for one `` have to see everything '' tour . 
  for instance istanbul ( historic constantinople ) is on the complete opposite side of the continent from london . 
  a tour going between london , rome , istanbul and moscow is impractical and that misses out big historic cities like vienna and paris . 
  last time the uk tried it the economy crashed . 
  it is generally not a good idea . 
  it is a great thing for a nation to borrow a little and let the gentle inflation that is somewhat necessary to keep the amount under control . 
  tribal confederation for all . 
  the biggest problem is anyone you 'd care to imprison wo n't be the people legally responsible . 
  until we start imprisoning shareholders when their companies break laws we have no way to regulate this via the criminal justice system . 
  imprisoning employees wo n't achieve a thing . 
  there is always somebody who can be paid to do questionable things . 
  while shareholders are immune we should not prosecute employees . 
  the correct way is to claw back profit from those shareholders that were holding at the time the crimes took place . 
  that is half the problem . 
  when you are prepared to tell outrageous lies it is easy to come up with hard figures . 
  78 % of people agree that outrageous lies you 'll never get called upon can make a reasonable political argument . 
  the real problem was everyone was enthralled by the royal wedding pantomine and oh look there is a vote . 
  i doubt the two dates were intentionally set up this way but the fact the prime debating space over lapped a once in a generation royal wedding meant the referendum was only ever going to end one way . 
  loads of roundabouts in the uk now have traffic lights on them . 
  generally when the load has gotten so high that it starts to choke the roundabout . 
  nobody in the uk will actually pay to create a more suitable junction so instead we put traffic lights on the roundabout . 
  the way to decide if something is torture is to ask how you 'd feel about your troops being subject to it . 
  i think you can interpret the current trend , in the uk at least , whichever way you want . 
  british people are increasingly distrusting of ideology and tend to treat their politics on a pick and mix basis ( which is a situation frustratingly ill served by fptp ) . 
  that means some things are right and some things are left . 
  if you carefully select your material you can prove either type of swing . 
  well i have a mild antipathy for the israeli foreign ministry .
