  charged at market rates of course . 
   churchill would not be in favour of the echr or the eu as they are today . 
  he would be against signing over sovereignty and allowing jurists in brussels to say have an unlimited brief to undermine the uk high court . 
  the uk courts disagree with you . 
  we are debating pulling out of the treaty because british judges decided strasbourg was mostly doing everything right and perfectly in concert with the intent of the treaty . 
  also consistent with the historic norms of uk law . 
  if anything has changed it is the public 's expectations , not the intent of the treaty . 
  churchill actually authored the treaty for the most part . 
  he was n't the only person involved but could be called the father of the treaty if anyone could . 
  the amazing thing is the qatada case created a new legally reality of a mechanism by which we can extradite to jordon without the fear of torture . 
  the convention did precisely what it was meant to and it was all in all a stunning victory for the whole concept of the treaty . 
  the worse thing about it all is the reason it has come to this is we managed to legally claw the power back to britain . 
  the hra was about giving british courts the ability to rule on echr style judgements before going to strasbourg . 
  all in all a reasonable policy and it was assumed the strasbourg judges would take the british judges comments on the cultural leeway the law allows into consideration . 
  this policy was a complete victory . 
  the vast bulk of echr judgements now stop in the uk . 
  so what is the problem ? 
  it turns out the judges disagree with government on what actually constitutes the cultural norms of the uk and historic interpretation of what the treaties mean . 
  the uk judges , with all the legitimate sovereign authority they have as a uk body , take a far harder line than strasbourg . 
  they assert that in actual fact britain does n't like countries that torture people ( imagine that ) . 
  this is why the talk has been about a `` british bill of rights '' which removes the cultural leeway clauses and forces the british judges to give the rulings the government wants . 
  of course we 'd need to leave the echr to do this . 
  the judgements that have already taken place mean that the understanding the government did n't want is enshrined in uk law unless they leave the entire mechanism . 
  if we want to deport people to places they might be tortured , based upon shaky evidence , we 'll have to leave the echr . 
  the greenwich mean time empire does n't sound so good . 
  i think a unified eu would be taking up a lot more military adventurism . 
  the us makes all manner of balance of payment transfers . 
  what the us does n't do is bail out the rich states that have gotten themselves in trouble like california . 
  the red states get paid a lot more federal money than the richer blue states . 
  this is because the dollar itself is biased towards those wealthier states . 
  the federal government moves money around to try and correct this bias . 
  greece would want something similar in the eu . 
  as a nation that suffers because of the imbalance in the currency . 
  the european union is currently crushed between three competing pressures : 1 . 
  a long standing lack of democratic legitimacy . 
  a trade block needs no such thing but the eu has reached the stage that such indirect democracy is no longer tolerable . 
  structural weakness because of over expansion . 
  both in terms of physical size and scope . 
  the eu really was n't designed for the dozen or so extra members it has absorbed in recent times . 
  not enough reform has been done . 
  also it either went too far or not nearly far enough in terms of monetary union . 
  a need to expand because of wider political issues . 
  frankly the eu needs to take the opportunity to grab ukraine , moldova , turkey , etc before the political reality changes . 
  its goal is to promote peace and a bigger union is better at peace . 
  all three of these aims are in conflict . 
  you can not move the mechanisms of the union while the democratic deficit is there . 
  you can not enlarge without renewal . 
  you can not sensibly take on the question of what democratic reforms are appropriate while the euro is still sick . 
  the future of the eu will largely be driven by the solution to these problems . 
  right now it looks like a looser union is likely . 
  the fact that germany has held the stance that the problems faced by the weaker members are their problems rather than the unions problems suggests a union moving apart rather than together . 
  i wonder if the eu has met its westphalia and now is on the path to a long decline . 
  what i can not foresee is a federation of all the current eu members . 
  at least not in any recognisable future . 
  what option seems to be drifting away is the idea of a multispeed europe . 
  the split between germany and france has put an end to the idea of a core eu with a group of northern states on the fringes . 
  it might still be possible but the gap between germany and france is sizeable right now . 
  in the uk we have more than a small percentage of lane hoggers sadly . 
  finally the british summer time empire will rise !, 
  welsh is a recognised tier 1 language of the eu and has been since the establishment of the wa . 
  britain does n't have any recognised languages . 
  legally you could write a parliament bill in klingon . 
  method of shipping was efficient !, 
  not just the antlers though . 
  the american elk looks too photogenic . 
  if i was going to put an antlered creature on the front of a modelling magazine it would be that elk from wikipedia . 
  the moose looks somewhat alien with its giant head and that is cool . 
  our wild life now are city foxes and vermin . 
  nobody is going to start a moral panic leading to a general cull of cars . 
  you can tell the moose by its cool head . 
  all i get are rats . 
  stupid creatures !, 
  i will destroy you !, 
  we already gave you lots of bombs . 
  we did n't need mexico . 
  we got our spicy food from india . 
  taking mexico as well would have been redundant . 
  think of the monarch points we would have expended for no reason !, 
  i 'm not christian . 
  that will be true of a majority of british people soon enough . 
  i doubt the banks will move . 
  was n't there a suggestion that 2 % of the people were getting 80 % of the bonuses ? 
  these people will move . 
  it is a lot of fuss without doing what actually needs to be done in banking though . 
  we suggested firewalling and increased capital adequacy requirements and the eu rejected them out of hand . 
  not showy enough for the politicians on the continent . 
  why do something useful when you can ban bonuses and the masses will cheer like you just cured cancer ? 
  people want to ban some fringe symptoms without striking at the heart of the problem . 
  the fact banks were just massively over leveraged to the point where they could n't even see if they were actually making money or not . 
  you can have aids or buy british leyland merchandise we are still trying to get rid of !, 
  our rain water is lazy . 
  we have to cut its benefits and throw its family onto the street . 
  i do n't think it is generous . 
  it is a move based upon pragmatism . 
  russia basically banned moldovan wine as punishment for their association agreement with the eu . 
  tbh fascism can form around other things than the normal national boundaries . 
  there is n't any reason there could n't be a european fascism which wants to expel people who are the wrong skin colour . 
  you realise that the us stimulus program has actually cut their deficit ? 
  the us has cut their deficit as fast as the uk . 
  the difference is the us has grown their economy to do it .
