  their problem is the us seems able to keep expanding eternally at a much lower price point than they 'd like . 
  i pray like this cat prayer.txt  / dev/null just as good as the real thing . 
  there is a sizeable group of people out there who will : 1 . 
  insist they do n't believe in god . 
  claim they are christian when asked their religion . 
  these documents are misleading . 
  they count public sector pensions as `` welfare '' . 
  not sure if it is cross eu but german unification ( bismarck variety ) is a pretty cool story . 
  it is particularly useful when one of the mechanisms of russian expansion has been to push presidential systems towards dictatorship as they did in belarus and tried to do in ukraine . 
  it goes along with most people in britain who are opposed to immigration admitting that it is n't a problem local to them but is in the country at large . 
  i do n't think integration has been particularly brilliant but most people who live in high immigration areas simply have real experience , rather than the newspapers , informing their views . 
  the issue is more whether a blanket ban is appropriate . 
  the echr reckons that some prisoners somewhere should probably be allowed to vote . 
  actually in the uk the people most likely to be opposed to immigration come from areas with the lowest immigration . 
  by this measure almost nothing would be taught in school . 
  you 'd have maths and the sciences . 
  i think less prevalent than they were . 
  the 80s and 90s were pretty much the height of the era where british culture was almost invisible and most people followed primarily us media . 
  i think that peaked with britney spears . 
  since then it has been increasingly common for consumed media to be british . 
  on the music front there has always been a relatively strong british music industry but i hear almost nobody talking about ( current ) american music in the uk now which is weird . 
  tv has gone from `` coronation street is the height of british tv '' to the point where top gear and doctor who are major exports . 
  there is still loads of american tv on though , just not dominant anymore . 
  the tories will jump on this . 
  they 'd want to do it anyway and now they can blame the eu for it . 
   hollande : it is with great reluctance that i have agreed to this calling . 
  i love democracy . 
  i love the republic . 
  once this crisis has abated , i will lay down the powers you have given me !, 
  people were openly calling for specific mosques which are problematic to be closed without being attacked for years . 
  the executive controls the unsc veto . 
  parliament is sovereign , not the executive . 
  all war will go to a vote these days . 
  it is fascism at the very least . 
  overriding the basic rights of the individual for the `` security of the nation '' is almost chapter one of fascism . 
  at its heart fascism is forgetting that the rights of states derive from the rights of the individual and not the other way around . 
  people who support `` free speech '' might be extremists . 
  surprising to see france doing so poorly . 
  i know they are n't doing as well as us and germany but they are right in there with the struggling nations . 
  you really want to write a script to do that for you . 
   moved nowhere is quite a stretch when up until the early to late sixties soviet output grew more than almost all western countries percentage wise . 
  from an incredibly low base . 
  also they were largely outputting the wrong thing . 
  there is also the reality that a lot of these figures were using standard soviet book keeping . 
  at the time nobody had heard of nations actually fiddling their economic figures to this degree . 
  the ussr could have postponed the war by guaranteeing poland . 
  they never fought for the central powers though . 
  we are fortunate in ww1 that the only people who could capitalise on italy were austrians . 
  the claims all stand on reasonable international law grounds . 
  that is n't necessarily enough as international law is never treated prescriptively like that . 
  so greece has reasonable grounds to make the claims and turkey has reasonable grounds to contest them . 
  the end result needs to be decided in a treaty between said nations . 
  to be fair greece has some grounds to what they claim . 
  it just is n't going to be recognised until they and turkey come to an agreement . 
  still right now both greece and turkey are reasonably not wrong . 
  i like that austria and serbia just blame each other , ignoring the clusterfuck they created . 
  everyone else blames germany . 
  iraqi flag is like the balkan borders . 
  pointless even putting it on a geography test . 
  the great difficulty with desiring integration is the general public do n't want to take part in integration . 
  it is flight of the ordinary population that tends to create these ethnic blocks to begin with . 
  all you guys are going to have to sell your sandwiches now . 
  greece is in a mess because their interest rates were forced up when it became clear the eu would not underwrite their position . 
  nearly their entire current problem stems from that . 
  if the amount of money greece has eventually received was promised at the start of the crisis the greek interest rates would never have gotten to those levels to begin with . 
  the amount of debt greece would have to pay would be much lower . 
  worse it has cost germany and co far more money than just saving greece would have . 
  sounds better than vodka enriched with polonium . 
  i 'm not an anti-immigration supporter but germany 's high levels of migration are recent due to a specific crisis . 
  britain has had 200k + / year for an entire generation . 
  the things we blow up are legitimate targets . 
  the stuff we do n't might be legitimate targets tomorrow . 
  english is always used in aviation . 
  if a plane flew from beijing to moscow all the pilots and traffic control speak english . 
  they are n't virgins . 
  they are angels that effectively stay forever virgins . 
  / r/europe has been going downhill since it became a default . 
  / r/worldnews is just a place where political astroturfers gather to argue . 
  international laws give turkey broad power over its own territory . 
  there was a lot of sympathy for the ussr in the west until the prague spring . 
  that is when people over here grew up . 
  to be fair the 1910s also played a huge part . 
  before 1910 there were people who argued war was actually a good thing as otherwise we 'd end up indulging in a purely materialist society . 
  war was good for giving hedonists a good kick to remind them what real life was about . 
  tbh he has actually changed his mind . 
  the `` consent training '' was another badly named but probably well thought out policy from feminists . 
  the idea was to effectively educate people who do care about rape what the average rape looks like so they can be allies in the fight against it . 
  the seminar was unfortunately given an accusatory title as seems all too common with feminist instruments . 
  the harassment of the guy is insane though . 
  even if you disagree with him you could see where his confusion came from . 
  obviously the only sensible solution is to declare the entire region 's airspace as belonging to britain . 
  then we shall draw new lines . 
  people keep talking about `` testing defences '' but this is n't why it is done . 
  this policy was started by nixon and the only purpose was to make it seem like the us was being run by a mad man who needed to be appeased otherwise there would be war . 
  russia are just doing the same thing . 
  the violations are meant to make you believe putin is insane and dangerous . 
  shouting is always better than shooting . 
  how long before prussia annexes saxony ? 
  that argument is always misleading though . 
  what ireland have actually done is convinced their public to end the stupidity and have a low tax rate without loopholes rather than 30 % that is really 5 % after all the loopholes are followed .
