  if they did then the russia economy would have been booming in the 90s . 
  who said powerhouses ? 
  economically they are much better off than they were . 
  the point is the eu , and the wider liberal capitalist approach that comes with , has been successful for these nations . 
  estonia is never going to challenge russia , germany , france or the uk . 
  however there is no reason for them to be poor . 
  no reason they can not have the same standard of living as the west . 
  that is why ukraine wanted in . 
  they look at the baltics and poland and ask `` why not ukraine ? 
  russian federation is russian empire under another name . 
  well technically they were bought from the legitimate government at the time . 
  the turks were literally going to destroy them . 
  yes repatriation is happening because the us would n't give germany access . 
  nah he obviously means bonapartists . 
  so the economic performance in poland or the baltics is meaningless ? 
  admittedly they might do this outside the eu but the eu is only a political shell around the concept of liberal europe . 
  how can you economically ruin that which has no economy ? 
  no it is silly . 
  it has no purpose at all . 
  originally it was designed to target hft when we were blaming them for the world 's problems . 
  the idea at the time was that the `` flash crash '' was caused solely by hfts and the speed at which they operated . 
  a transaction tax was meant to reduce the quantity of transactions and thus reign in this nasty hft market . 
  the fact there was an actual crash means this reasoning is nonsense . 
  the hfts only predicted what was going on before anyone else did . 
  if anything they should be given a medal for actually making predictions in economics . 
  hft did not cause the dodgy fundamentals that created the crisis . 
  they only rightly predicted that lots of financial products were going to be worth nothing very soon and traded accordingly . 
  regardless the ftt is a daft idea . 
  designed in utter economic ignorance to appease voters who are happy to hurt other people in their ignorance . 
  why did you do this ? 
   financial transaction tax well that is seen as a terrible idea in the uk . 
  to the point where it is considered economic ignorance driven for purely populist reasons . 
  the fact it also pretty much exclusively targets the uk is another issue . 
  it is pretty irritating when the eu rejects all reasonable financial sector reform ( because real reform is hard ) it demands this silly policy gets enacted . 
  i mean germany directly blocked increased capital adequacy requirements ( i.e. 
  banks actually holding more of the money they claim they are worth ) but wants a transaction tax who 's purpose is very questionable . 
  technically the ussr was neither socialist nor communist . 
  socialism is dictatorship of the proletariate . 
  the proletariate in russia told the bolsheviks to go fuck themselves after the october revolution and subsequent elections . 
  the bolsheviks had the guns so did n't care about the vote . 
   `` greece 's economy did n't get better despite the austerity program '' is an observation . 
  `` therefore , the austerity program failed '' is not a ( logically valid ) conlcusion , but a totally valid hypothesis of why the economy did n't get better . 
  actually it is completely valid because the troika plan was for austerity to create economic growth . 
  we can at the very least say that the troika plan was an absolute failure . 
  if russia had banned him before the elections the lds probably would have done better . 
  there has never been much acknowledgement of the flight of ethnic germans following ww2 . 
  i know germany were `` the bad guys '' but the human tragedy on all sides needs to be properly recognised . 
  i think there is a mixture . 
  the official snp position is that there is no need to resolve the two questions at the same time . 
  scotland can choose whether to leave and then whether to become a republic at a later date . 
  really it was inevitable . 
  unless austria led some kind of coalition to contain the turks the ere was screwed for a very long time . 
  it is more incredible that it survived the 4th crusade as long as it did . 
  well it is n't as if they knocked down the old byzantium . 
  byzantium should have blockaded the strait and conquered serbia . 
  annexing urbino and joining the holy roman empire was also an option . 
  despite claims to the contrary , russia is in europe . 
  the war on bunnies of course . 
   for example i 've been to universities where there was no woman professor in all the science departments . 
  yes this is a problem but i think we are at the point where a woman who wants to get to that point can do . 
  the biggest issue is her parents telling her she wants to play with barbie rather than do cool stuff . 
  i 'm not sure how we fix that . 
  certainly if i ever have daughters they will be encouraged either way . 
   i have met a lot of extraordinary feminists then . 
  that is probably true . 
  the bulk of anyone worth listening to in any field are going to be older and will have been studying something for decades . 
  the internet feminist group is frankly filled with people who are barely more than children . 
   feminist theory has a few qualities that distinguish it from modern physics . 
  it is n't wholly empiricist for example . 
  the point was more that no field should be rejected simply because some daft ideas are held . 
  loads of physicists today believe in crazy things like string theory . 
  yes but at least ordinary feminists do n't try to exclude people who disagree with them from the debate . 
  every field has its crazy aspects , you ca n't advance a field without touching on some stuff that is just wrong and some persists longer than you 'd like . 
  loads of physicists believed there was an intrinsic aether but nobody calls physics into question because of it . 
  the problem is excluding individual people from debates because of structural racism is utterly insane . 
  the white race is n't excluded from these discussions . 
  white people are . 
  it is n't as if they would be getting combat-18 members turning up to impose structural racism on them . 
  relatively no . 
  most gender issues remaining are too complex to look at it in such simplistic terms . 
  the great bulk have a host of interlocking and counteracting gender privileges on both sides which need to be taken down at the same time . 
  that is why progress is so slow on the issue . 
  stuff like `` women get paid less because of maternity leave '' is intrinsically tied to `` men do n't get paternity leave '' which is in turn tied into the cultural insistence that children do n't need fathers . 
  frankly these issues should be resolved but compared to victories like gay marriages or the on going fight for the elderly to have control over where , when and how they die ? 
  it is relatively a minor issue . 
  the only outstanding issue i think is an absolute priority is rape albeit i 'm not entirely sure what a good solution to it might be . 
  nah i just think it is what happens when attitudes go unchallenged . 
  particularly if those attitudes developed in an echo chamber . 
  tbh i 'm going to start doing this . 
  i ca n't be racist because i 'm an oppressed welsh man !, 
  well obviously you are finnish !, 
  comparative british people nearly universally only go to church if it involves white dresses or wooden boxes . 
  even then only because there is beer at the end . 
  well netherlands makes it sound like your entire nation is genitalia . 
  take my coffee and it will be damaging to your health !, 
  that is the point . 
  the catholic church is too absurd to parody . 
  anything you do ends up looking too much like the truth . 
  to be fair we have politicians playing up the `` unwashed illiterate masses of eastern europe '' contrasted with the `` educated commonwealth migrants '' . 
  usually completely ignorant that most of the former warsaw pact members have higher literacy rates than the uk .
