  it is beyond not having a direct benefit . 
  british hotels nearly went bankrupt during the olympics because tourists stayed away until the circus was over . 
  honestly the idea that the olympics can increase the prestige of the capital of the largest empire that ever existed is absurd . 
  london increased the prestige of the olympics . 
  london will still be one of the worlds most important cities when the olympics is being taught in schools as something the ancient people 's of the world did for some reason . 
  1.8 m and 90kg, 
  tbh loyalist talk seems exaggerated . 
  we did set up in loyalist areas and did n't exactly get queues forming to fight off the rebels . 
  the real divide seemed to be those who wanted independence and those who did n't but were n't going to fight for it . 
  do not forget the homonazis . 
  yes the pint , ironically , is defined in metric . 
  uk has n't really screwed up switching . 
  the only thing of importance stuck in imperial is distance . 
  every industry is metric . 
  all goods other than alcohol are shipped in metric units . 
  alcohol is a weird one where pints are obviously imperial and every thing else is metric . 
  devon and somerset are free to join the mighty union of ireland , iceland and wales . 
  why am i living in england ? 
  damn it give england north wales . 
  i made the `` are they that dense ? '', 
  comment for a reason . 
  obviously density matters . 
  you can not visualise weight . 
  well a metre and kilogram were actually defined by the length and weight of some bar sitting in paris . 
  those weights and lengths were chosen to make water roughly 1000kg per m ^ 3 . 
   i can `` visualise '' a pint more easily than a litre and do n't think about liquids in other units . 
  i 've drunk 330ml , 500ml , 1l and 2l measures all my life . 
  easy to visualise . 
  the weights and lengths are defined so that water has a density of exactly 1gcm ^ -3 . 
  obviously it varies with the temperature . 
  at standard temperature it is less dense . 
  at room temperature not so much . 
  i laugh at the comments talking about `` visualising '' weights . 
  are they that dense ? 
  anyway i can visual what 1.25 kg , 2.5 kg , 5kg , 10kg and 20kg circular plates look like thanks to the gym . 
  i also know that a 2l bottle of water weighs ~ 2kg due to the glory of metric ( 1m ^ 3 of water is exactly 1000kg ) . 
  we had zero capacity to force china to do anything . 
   so we didnt fuck anything there up !!, 
  tbh hong kong is one place the uk definitely did not fuck up . 
  mainly because it was an empty rock when we got it . 
  go to war with what exactly ? 
  they can wiggle up and down around the axis formed by the two prongs . 
  this means they can fall out of the socket comparatively easy . 
  british plugs only move forwards and backwards parallel to the prongs . 
  sturdy is n't the issue . 
  the uk plug had three points so it stops movement along three different lines . 
  the europlug has two points so it stops movement along one line . 
  meaning it is pretty free to rotate . 
  also the tactical usage as a land mine is non-negotiable . 
  it 'll be disastrous for the eurozone unless the ecb starts actually printing money . 
  no earth , does n't stay in the wall properly , no potential for abusing younger siblings by putting plugs where they can stand on them . 
  did you people think of any of the proper criterion when designing your plugs ? 
   because the council of europe still very much exists for now / u/largefriend . 
  their time will come . 
  resistance is futile !, 
  a number of the various roman succession crises were solved by `` dude who got there last won '' . 
  although quite often people like vespasian were smart enough to just wait until all the others had beaten the crap out of each other . 
  yeah and that is exactly the guts of the true nato response to this . 
  even if they win in ukraine both the eu and nato are going to expand rapidly in such a way that russia loses even if it wins . 
  the uk has by far the best potential in europe . 
  we just have the worse planning laws in the world . 
  how will this affect corporations voluntarily doing third party campaigning ? 
   so they 'll give ukip ever more momentum that wo n't happen . 
  nearly all of ukips support is from people who actually have had the chance to vote on this last time . 
  there is overwhelming support for the eu among the population under 40 . 
  even if there was a sympathetic shift to ukip the demographic discontinuity is so absurd that it wo n't matter . 
  literally all you need to do to kill ukip is wait them out . 
  every 5 years you can delay any referendum by alters the demographics in favour of pro-eu . 
   damn ireland and the uk 's relationship is confusing you guys are finland . 
  we are something like a kalmar union that only partially broke up . 
  we 'll be in the eea even if we left ( which we wont ) . 
  the eea has the same rules about worker movement . 
  regardless when the corporations literally turn the uk into a `` please stay in the fucking eu '' echo chamber once the vote date has been set it 'll be something like a 65 % + stay vote . 
  last time this happened corporate support meant the stay in vote out spent the eurosceptic vote by 10:1 . 
  it was supposed to be used over libya but they found it literally could not communicate with the other planes . 
  it got grounded for this reason . 
  he almost lost when he did invade . 
  the anglo-saxons got stupid * and charged out of a fortified position which had neutralised the french knights . 
  at the time this all kicked off hardrada was literally thought of as an unstoppable monster and godwin defeated him . 
  it is n't obvious he would have lost to william without simultaneous invasions . 
  of course if harold holds off william it becomes an interesting question as to what happens next . 
  * largely because so many were new soldiers harold had scrapped together after the norwegian invasion . 
  this is ironic given that britain pretty much captured the us capitol in both the revolution and the 1812 war . 
  the us only exists at all because the revolutionaries rightly recognised that taking the capital in such a way is only really symbolic . 
  the english royal court spoke french for centuries . 
  it was only with the loss in the hundred years war that the english monarchy started speaking english . 
  there were two over the exact same issue ( the rights of the public to only be taxed by a representative parliament ) within 50 years of each other . 
  then the americans had a revolution over the same issue a century later . 
  the american constitution even drew heavily on cromwell 's instrument of government for inspiration . 
  the difference is the vast bulk of the british establishment was opposed to the stuarts . 
  it was n't a handful of dissenters . 
  james ii was trying to rip up the settlement with charles ii and was rightly told this was n't happening . 
   he used his position to leverage british resources to serve dutch interests anyway . 
  that is n't really how history records it . 
  england pretty much used the incredible dutch trade network and merchant fleet to kick start the english empire which would quickly become the british empire . 
  it was disastrous for the dutch because all of the major business started to be transferred into london . 
  it is also one of germany 's aspirations that you all live in germany !, 
  the french flag is for the normans surely ? 
  william did n't really have a sensible claim beyond he could . 
  he was n't invited .
