  it is particularly relevant seeing the whole block average being near the top . 
  germany are the best but every european nation is relatively close to them . 
  says good things . 
  i do n't think it is about trusting one over the other . 
  it is easier to trust russia if we have iran as an alternative and vice versa . 
  i think it is a good idea . 
  the goal is n't autarky but diversity of supply , appropriate emergency alternatives and long term development of local options . 
  ideally we 'd also see a unified front on external energy negotiations . 
  a metric fuck tonne will get done to deal with the energy issue . 
  we 've had a thaw with iran recently ( which still might go either way ) . 
  do you think that is a coincidence ? 
  would be incredibly dangerous . 
  what is your exit strategy if russia uses dutch intervention as an excuse to invade ? 
  putting any western boots on the ground pretty much means we have to be prepared to actually fight russia . 
  our traditions were then encoded into the echr which we told various nations they had to adopt . 
  abandoning the echr precisely means abandoning our traditions . 
  naturally you do n't leave a body because you agree with its decisions . 
  green technology will cause big gdp growth as it gets adopted . 
  what types of growth is the article talking about ? 
  you realise growth means all sorts of things ? 
  new technology is growth . 
  to ask for no more growth is to ask for us to never develop any new technologies more or less . 
  the gen 5 ipod is all anyone will ever need . 
  looks like only poland came out of that well . 
  poland can not into financial crisis . 
  in fact poland would be much lower in this table if not for its immunity to bankers . 
  as if the nation is n't aware of this and gives accurate response times . 
  the truth is we can probably respond a lot more quickly than we do . 
  all these nations should start doing it back to them . 
  just drown russia in radar targets on a permanent basis . 
  we can set up a rota for who is trolling moscow today . 
  well french is literally the only second language we actually really teach in the uk ( other than obviously welsh in wales ) . 
  it 'd be embarrassing if we were completely terrible at it . 
  we 'd pretty much finish last for all the other languages . 
  french is the standard second language in most of the uk . 
  i mean of our two closest allies the one speaks something approximating english . 
  the other speaks french . 
  it makes sense for british people to learn french ( and proper english so they do n't get confused ) . 
  they were right to invade . 
  they just were n't right to divide the nation in half and permanently militarise the place . 
  of course it did n't help that britain had taken a `` fuck war '' stance to dodge the giant mess that was vietnam right at this time . 
  we were obviously the third guarantor . 
  do n't be silly . 
  only the ` legitimate ' money comes to the uk . 
  at least you are n't a human centipede . 
  it is hilarious for any nation with the historic ethnic cleansing of la plata to accuse anyone of colonialism . 
  this nation is unrepentant colonialism ground zero . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conquest_of_the_desert they elected the guy responsible for slaughtering the natives as president a few years later . 
  sadly i 'm not even sure this current nonsense is about any real issue . 
  the president 's late husband went for public grandstanding during negotiation over resource rights in 2007 . 
  the uk was prepared to offer them 50 % of the revenue that would ordinarily go to the uk government . 
  the then argentine president , the current president 's late husband , decided to use the situation for political leverage by rejecting all negotiation . 
  the idea at the time was that exploration would n't turn up anything . 
  so really the president was rejecting a share of nothing and getting some good pr out of it . 
  then bp found actual resources . 
  now the late president looks like a fucking idiot . 
  so the current president is maintaining the former presidents line simply to defend the shitty decision he made back then . 
  of course this makes her look like an idiot too . 
  her husband rejected a no strings attached even share in resources argentina are n't entitled to . 
  they would n't have even had to renounce their claim . 
  it is a hell of a task trying to defend such a legacy . 
  france actually pulled off an intervention that was legal , practical and ethical . 
  if only the rest of us could figure this out . 
  when we saw that france wanted support in a war that was realistic we got cold feet . 
  only bloodbaths and disaster zones for us . 
  do these energy bars contain caffeine ? 
  rule britannia !, 
  britannia rule the void !, 
  i 'm glad they finally won it so i can stop predicting a german wc win . 
  i 'm fed up of being the guy in the room saying `` well < insert great team here  are probably going to win '' and then them not even winning . 
  i think it means more than fundamentalist . 
  i 've always associated `` islamist '' as somebody who believes in a global caliphate . 
  of course lots of people labelled as islamist do not believe in a global caliphate necessarily . 
  it is hard to actually say who i should be angry at . 
  the tories explicitly stood on the basis of being opposed to the labour espionage state . 
  i 'm angry at the lds because they should be unconditionally opposed to this . 
  you can not believe in liberty and such unbounded state spying simultaneously . 
  labour are in opposition so should at least play devils advocate . 
  i 'm probably going to vote pc at the next election anyway ( even though i 'm not greatly thrilled by their nationalist agenda ) . 
   this is largely true of everywhere in the whole world with the notable exception of switzerland . 
  are you arguing for more refefenda/recall mechanisms etc ? 
  ( i am in favour of that kind of stuff . ), 
  not sure about referenda . 
  i believe parliament needs to evolve organically and better represent the views of the public . 
  that is best achieved via some kind of pr . 
  if there is a 5 % rise in support for a party they should see a 5 % rise in the number of seats at election . 
  i 'd support some kind of recognition of the constitutional core of the uk and a convention that referenda are needed to change it . 
   i 'm not really a ukip supporter per se - i am more someone that wants the uk to leave the eu and have recently been voting ukip to make that outcome more likely . 
  well the suppression of the anti-eu voice is more relevant than whether somebody supports ukip or not . 
  consensus has basically been used to deny anyone who wants out a voice in recent years . 
  i 'm pro-eu but i dislike the way this works . 
  it is specifically consensus to deny the public a choice that should be at the very least treated as vile . 
  i do n't think we can sensibly ban the activity but it should at least be decried for what it is . 
  yes some policies clearly move democratically . 
  however with the system as it is we have a mechanism by which parties regularly draw up the democratic bridge and demand that you replace the whole lot of them before the public 's will is listened to . 
  parties very rarely hold consensus on issues that are uncontroversial . 
  it is nearly always on issues that will see them kicked to death at election time if there was an easy alternative . 
  you are a ukip supporter are you not ? 
  you should be aware of this mechanism as well as anyone else . 
  ukip wo n't have a single seat come the general election .
