  all three of the major blocks agreed on this principle . 
  i think something like 80 % + of seats agreed to force parliaments candidate forward . 
   i believe the rules were that the council must account for the outcome of the election there are no `` rules '' as such . 
  the parliament is refusing to ratify any president that is n't coming from the biggest group in parliament . 
  yes but they came behind labour who are currently the most pro-european of the parties winning seats . 
  cameron would be the only leader in about a century to increase his share of the vote at a second election to do this . 
  to be fair the north west and north east of england also did n't back ukip . 
  cameron wo n't even be re-elected so there wo n't be a referendum . 
  his group won the most seats . 
  why would n't he be president ? 
  what matters is the ability to scale production up in war time . 
  you do n't need autarky to achieve this . 
  you need to keep skills in place . 
  frankly we could probably import 80 % of our food without endangering our ability to scale up agriculture in war time . 
  not when we joined . 
  when maastricht was signed . 
  i still think we should have pushed for a general rebate mechanism for nations screwed over by cap but the political will was not there at the time . 
  wales is pretty much defined as `` area around where i was born '' for each and every welshman . 
  so we pretty much are all the centre of our nations . 
  can we get italy to betray us on the eve of war ? 
  i 'll feel better that way . 
  does n't even need to involve much . 
  italy can side with `` evil other enemy '' and we roll a single tank into rome and they surrender . 
  then we will have appeased whatever gods hate italy in war . 
  that is n't how this stuff works . 
  russia is selling x to china . 
  they are also selling y to europe . 
  if they lose y that does n't get added to x. i do n't get how people do n't understand this . 
  china needs x. 
  they do n't need x + y. 
  it is damned crazy that dickheads have somehow normalised the idea that citizens ca n't marry who they want . 
  we 've had rules like this introduced in the uk . 
  the bulk of people being hurt are british people because we have this whole former empire we tend to visit and lots of people end up marrying australians , canadians , etc. 
  no sure why you 'd ever not use slavery in the early game . 
  i mean i 'd use slavery to control overcrowding unhappiness even if i did n't get free stuff from it . 
  they can do that anyway . 
  you do n't need the olympics to steal money in russia but it helps . 
  to be fair the eastern nations are also making an effort . 
  as much as they can with limited budgets . 
  i think we should team together so we can work with the us on the basis of equals . 
  when it boils down to it the us is a large group of people who fundamentally think similarly to us . 
  it used to be there were lots of powerful people who thought like us . 
  increasingly the balance of power is shifting towards nations with a more alien outlook on the world . 
  the us will need us as much as we need the us . 
  i do n't necessarily buy that we are doomed for conflict with china ( though we might get dragged into some crazy border war at some point ) . 
  i do think we need a rough understanding that the general principles of europe , the us , the rest of the anglosphere , japan , korea , etc are aligned in the broad strokes . 
  i think divided the principles of the west will become queer quirks those old europeans hold to rather than the fundamental driving force of international politics . 
  well either the european empire is a continuator state of france and the uk or it is a completely new state which has n't even signed the treaty to begin with . 
  it depends how seriously we take wanting nukes . 
  if we did the trick of saying the ee is just france/uk but bigger then it will have consequences down the line if the ee ever split up . 
  it is n't so much an issue of time as money . 
  a proper military is expensive . 
  the situation might have changed since but as i understand it they were going to wait a while and put forward a new referendum . 
  then encourage voters to turn up this time . 
  ukip did come in second place . 
  admittedly it was n't clear cut . 
  did anyone really think clegg would be as rubbish as he was ? 
  this is n't the same man from 4 years ago seemingly . 
  i 'm not sure what relation this has to the fact that the swiss issue is effectively paused while their government work out how to get voters to reverse the referendum . 
  the referendum they passed requires that the swiss government takes action within 3 years . 
  so legally they have n't actually reached the point at which a decision has to be made yet . 
  no but the effective understanding with the eu is that the treaty barrage amounts to the same thing with the guillotine clause in place for when either side deviates . 
  goodness knows why they did it this way rather than switzerland simply joining the eea . 
  regardless immigration is part of the eea . 
  associating immigration with the eu is incorrect . 
  immigration is part of the eea . 
  this is precisely why they are talking about a guillotine clause for switzerland for them restricting immigration . 
  escalation was always going to happen the moment a new president was elected . 
  they 've robbed russia of the basis it had for invasion . 
  the next step was always to crack down . 
  they just had to limit it until there was no question about legitimacy . 
  secretly i 'd like to buy the man who killed him a pint . 
  fuck i need to read stuff . 
  the sad thing is what ukip want is a similar `` divide et impera '' approach to the whole thing * but the uk doing the dividing bit . 
  mainly this is due to a delusional assessment of british strength born of an economy that has managed to sort of work for a few decades . 
  * that is what they mean when talking about independent free trade agreements . 
  they think we 'll be able to screw individual eu members if we were n't in the eu . 
  i disagree on this . 
  why do you think after a century in which both france and britain feel mutually betrayed we are suddenly so closely allied again ? 
  despite suez , despite ww2 , despite de gaulle and british atlanticism ? 
  all of those are circumstances . 
  fundamentally britain and france agree on everything other than some details of methodology . 
  when it boils down to it these nations will always align unless one of them has a drastic change in outlook . 
  russia has literally never been a friend of anyone . 
  it has had alliances but which of them are anything more than a great power leaning on a geopolitical force of nature ? 
  i mean britain in the midst of a liberal political revolution and republican france were russia 's core allies in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  autocratic , absolutist russia was allied with the most modern and moderate nations of the west . 
  what did the homes of voltaire and locke have to do with the last great dictatorship in europe other than necessity ? 
  then there is germany . 
  that was beyond an alliance of necessity . 
  i mean they were planning mutual destruction as they were planning their invasion of poland . 
  russia has always completely lacked friends of conscious . 
  mainly because their outward stances are pretty unconscionable . 
  sadly it seems that no matter what insanely earth shattering revolution takes russia the nation is completely unchanged by it . 
  some nations can alter drastically on a political slight of hand . 
  russia can purge millions and still be unchanged . 
  i think experience is a bigger issue . 
  the british understanding of heat is that when it is hot you take your top off and stand around in the sun at midday . 
  people used to hot temperatures might have greater concerns about exposure and such . 
  i bet fewer scandinavians die of slipping on ice and breaking their neck than in the uk .
