  this is why cyprus are implementing currency export controls . 
  they need to force people to spend their euros in cyprus . 
  also in greece the bulk of their problem is now that their tax receipts have been driven down by austerity . 
  the did n't have to cut the 13 % deficit . 
  they had to cut the 13 % plus the extra 40 % that was caused by austerity as it halved the value of their economy . 
  that is why they seemed to never actually do anything . 
  in truth greece has made monumental changes but their tax receipts fell faster than their costs . 
  it just did n't achieve anything until the approach to greece was softened . 
  greece stabilised once everyone realised how crazy the original plan was . 
  nobody has admitted it ( just like the tories have n't admitted they 've abandoned outright austerity in the uk ) but the approach to greece is much softer now . 
  the focus moved to haircuts rather than budget cuts . 
  to reform your economy costs money . 
  you can not do it from poverty . 
  in the short term maybe . 
  theoretically if a nation subsidises its own industries and sells at a lose it would represent a net flow out of the country . 
  the good coming out is worth more than the money coming in . 
  that nation can only invest its money back into the nation it bought from anyway . 
  euros and pounds can only really be spent back in europe . 
  it is n't like the days when nations had gold which represented a real value transfer . 
  free trade is taking off because nations have finally realised this . 
  china has stacks of dollars that it ca n't really do anything with . 
  all they 've done is hold them allowing the us to live for free while china tries to transition to internal consumption . 
  it is very tricky . 
  having a huge export sector is not necessarily the wonderful thing it is stated as . 
  you need to actually be able to use the currency you are getting in order to benefit . 
  if you more or less have to spend the currency with the people who bought your stuff then it is hard to benefit from protectionism . 
  the real problem is political . 
  get your industries to agree to a lean decade while we clean out japan . 
  bitcoin wo n't do much for international trade . 
  a lot of people are going to lose money when the blockchain becomes unmanageable . 
   lost grandeur of the french empire as a brit i never get this debate . 
  empires were incredibly expensive . 
  the wealth and well being of the public in imperial nations exploded when we stopped pursuing empires . 
  britain and france are much more wealthy today than they were at the height of imperialism . 
  a return to empire would drastically eat into the real life well being of every citizen who took part . 
  it is a matter of insanity to desire such a thing . 
  austerity has never worked . 
  not once . 
  why would we expect it to do so now ? 
  you are right that these economies need real reform but they can not do that from the position of weakness that is being forced upon them . 
  you can not restructure scorched earth . 
  if nobody lends the only way forward would be to leave the euro . 
  which is a possible option in all this . 
  all the broken nations leave the euro . 
  germany finds exporting is suddenly much more competitive . 
  the poor nations stabilise and the crisis hits germany as their manufacturing sector suffers from the exchange rates . 
  not to mention that a lot of the bubble in these countries has been driven by external exuberant investment ( from germany especially ) . 
  the absolute ideal is for stimulus while restructuring . 
  followed by a eu driven marshall plan to actually do something about these broken economies . 
  that needs to happen to save the euro long term . 
  the problem is right now there is nothing to stop the problem nations taking the money and running once the crisis abates . 
  the big fear from my perspective is this gets patched over and punted down the line . 
  then a future generation gets to suffer again because nobody was willing to take the hard decisions today . 
  the problem with austerity is it does n't work . 
  what really needs to happen is cutting cyclical costs ( which is still incredibly painful ) while increasing spending temporarily . 
  the eu just lacks a mechanism to do this . 
  tbh i think the eu is facing an existential crisis similar to what befell the hre . 
  it can go one way or another . 
  within the next decade the path of the eu will be set either towards the `` ever closer union '' that is mentioned in the treaty of rome . 
  or it will be set on a path that will inevitably throw the union apart . 
  the real problem , much like the hre , is that the assigned responsibilities do not match the necessary power to fulfil them . 
  either the power is granted or the responsibilities must be removed . 
  the former goes some way to creating a centralised eu . 
  the latter would lead to the inevitable dissolution of the euro . 
  neither path is a comfortable one but i do n't believe there are alternatives . 
  if the german plan is to encourage nations to behave by the threat of the pain these nations are suffering now it is doomed to failure . 
  10 years from now nobody will remember and nations will operate recklessly once again . 
  especially since the drive in those countries will be to restore lost prosperity at any cost . 
  the very fact that greece and cyprus suffer so much will create the conditions necessary for even greater insanity in future . 
  whereas if the crisis subsides germany will no longer have the political will to punish them unless there is a solid eu structure emerging . 
  the problem with unions was always the terms . 
  i do n't think the entente has ever pretended we were anything bar historic rivals . 
  we considered such a union as an alternative to a french surrender in ww2 * . 
  as it was the official offer was put in place much too late and some in france ( i.e. 
  the ones that ended up executed ) just said it was a late in the day british land grab . 
  if it had come in earlier maybe the vichy group could have been beaten . 
  then an anglo-franco union would be a country rather than an alliance . 
  it is quite ironic that men considered to be among the greatest of arch traitors in france were instrumental in keeping france and britain separate . 
  then subsequent potential unions were stopped by the differing approaches to the new world . 
  it is flipping crazy that it devolved to the point it did though . 
  from where we were literally talking about being one country to suddenly being on the opposite sides of the table . 
  * the theory being that union would ensure britain would fight to the very end if france was also going to bet everything they had . 
  everyone recognised that a favourable surrender was an option for the uk but for france it was win or die . 
  pensions are already a crisis waiting to happen in most european countries . 
  adding to it would be utterly insane . 
  russian suicides are always so tragic and convenient . 
  the question is have they done anything to contain the contagion now ? 
  back in 2008 letting lehman 's go under was a disastrous idea . 
  today i 'd hope that 5 years on we 'd be damned clever enough to actually understand what we failed to understand then . 
  if the banks are sufficiently unentangled then a controlled collapse could be a nice idea . 
  except it is n't . 
  the choice is not as people in the uk put it london or brussels . 
  the choice is the eu , us or china . 
  with the us already declaring disinterest . 
  of course it is most likely the uk will just get dragged along as a satellite state of the eu if we leave . 
   how has germany come to dominate the european union ? 
  britain and france still not entirely being comfortable with each other following ww2 , de gaulle , suez , etc. 
  long story short there is no balance of power in europe . 
  france has largely been seen as an anachronism and britain is largely seen as not wanting to be involved at all . 
  that has left germany to drive things and they 've promoted british or french interests where they align with their own .
