  the eu wo n't do anything . 
  the laws in question do n't apply to security services . 
  neither perspective is strictly true . 
  the us/uk relationship is n't a subservient one but it certainly is n't one of uk dominance . 
  the uk has benefited greatly by leveraging us influence . 
  in return there are expectations on us . 
  if the uk was a simple lapdog then the falklands would be argentinian territory right now . 
  also britain did not orchestrate the creation of israel . 
  the us presented the bill to the un that did that . 
  mainly as a mechanism of control over the uk . 
  if we were tied down in an endless silly conflict in palestine then it would be nearly impossible for us to achieve our foreign policy objectives in the middle east . 
  as it is the move was rather transparent and the uk simply left palestine to its fate . 
   the us also had a troblesome relationship with the british empire . 
  that is an interesting perspective . 
  the british empire pretty much enforced monroe doctrine for about a century . 
  the main reason europeans stopped playing in north america was the british empire declared it no mans land . 
  it is arguable the us would never have been a super power without british intervention . 
  as for the nixon shock . 
  france asked for only what it was entitled to . 
  the us should not have been running the printing presses on other people 's money . 
  actually the us is the one most strongly pushing for a unified europe . 
  the snp gave the vote to 16-17 year olds because that has been the norm in scotland for some time . 
  there is political unanimity in scotland on reducing the voting age . 
  sadly we agree with the americans . 
  i think we should have this referendum because i think we 'll win it . 
  if we do then the sceptics shut up for a few years at least . 
   fun fact : the names for vlachs , walloons and welsh have the same root . 
  evolved from foreigner in germanic languages . 
  which is ironic in the case of wales given that we were here first . 
  the uk would naturally protect our friend edward snowden . 
  he should come to us so we can take care of him . 
  some kind of gro\u00dfnederland, 
  the dutch have this tendency to lose whenever they have a great team . 
  russia spies on people ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  ever closer union does n't mean a particular end form is specified . 
  all the treaty of rome really says is that it is for future generations to decide what happens , just do n't throw away the union . 
  yes but it is clearly evolving beyond the original boundaries as well . 
  at some point an organisation needs a direct mandate . 
  we are approaching that point with the eu . 
  i do n't know what all the answers are . 
  particularly as a lot of the people seem to think the solution is retraction to the point where a mandate is unnecessary . 
  that is what de gaulle was angling for . 
  today there is no such plan . 
  mainly because germany and co told him to go fuck himself . 
  he had a point in that the uk would never agree to a grandiose plan to turn the eu into an empire . 
  there is a glut of empty housing in places nobody wants to live . 
  the coalition government has abandoned austerity . 
  it is n't surprising the economy is suddenly improving . 
  it would be a good thing if they could acknowledge the change in direction so that future generations do n't operate under the mistaken belief that austerity works . 
  go look up and down our road network . 
  suddenly we see a lot of expenditure on infrastructure . 
  whereas when the tories came in the first thing they did was hammer capital spending into the ground with predictable results . 
  the tories made a uturn . 
  perhaps one day they 'll apologise for being wrong to begin with . 
  i 'll credit them for separating ideological from political concerns though . 
  they may pretend to be austerity hawks so they do n't lose the election . 
  credit to them for not destroying the country while pretending to do so . 
  the eu does n't need to engage with its sceptics so much as engage . 
  it has been run as a rather elitist project over the decades . 
  this was fine when it was a trade block . 
  as it looks more and more like a political organisation it must have broader support . 
  scepticism is a pretty natural reaction when there has n't been a realistic attempt to win the public debate . 
  the eu does a lot of good but that is n't enough . 
  it must be seen to do good and that is much harder . 
  it is hilarious reading this that people see britain as an enemy of europe . 
  essentially de gaulle tried to palpatine europe . 
  it would still synchronise policy across the union . 
  besides as i 've said you 'd adjust it by wealth as well so the poorer nations would still get subsidised . 
  i 'm afraid that is a secret . 
  yes i 'm saying there should be a general rebate mechanism so countries like britain and the netherlands are n't subsidising france . 
  each country would get x * n where x is the average subsidy and n is the number of farmers . 
  very simple maths . 
  yes that seems to be the current position . 
  no the individual farmer would n't get anything different . 
  germany as a whole would because they have fewer farmers but a german farmer would get the same as anyone else . 
  i 'm not saying states should get as much out as they put in . 
  i 'm saying it should be on usage and wealth . 
  so poorer nations would benefit . 
  of course maybe there should be a general eu mechanism for this . 
  it avoids the temptation to establish regulation in mind with internal competition . 
  this is precisely what cap is . 
  a naked transfer mechanism . 
  i think the current greek position is that they would accept northern macedonia . 
  it will be interesting which of fyrom and turkey get in first . 
  which one pisses off the greeks the least . 
  france did with the creation of the uk rebate . 
  before that it was simultaneous one of the richer nations and a net recipient . 
  the system as it was before was unfair . 
  it probably still is . 
  cap should be build around a rebalancing system that both considers usage and wealth of the nation . 
  it is n't reasonable to expect nations with a weak agricultural sector to pay over the odds for farmer nations . 
  as it is we could n't agree on a fair funding mechanism for cap so we ended up with the current mess of everyone having rebates of one form or another . 
  as the article points out it is a tad more complicated than this . 
  the rebate is only on any budget involving the 15 members when the rebate was agreed . 
  the new members are essentially rebate free . 
  we have to pay those members exactly what we owe them under the normal rules . 
  the point of the article is that you had two groups . 
  the first cameron claiming defence of the rebate . 
  the second being the people bemoaning british self interest .
