  hopefully the next government will be inspired by belgium . 
  ideally some kind of labour coalition/minority government . 
  i was sorely tempted to vote labour . 
  there is a ukip showing at least as strong as the pc one here . 
  ukip is the exception to my `` anyone bar the big two '' rule . 
  the concept of a messianic return of arthur was largely put forward by the normans . 
  arthur was a legend of the defeated celts in britain and natural enemy of the saxons . 
  so once the normans defeated the saxons they promoted stories like arthur to delegitimise the outgoing regime . 
  the entire modern concept of arthur is a huge propaganda campaign by conquerors . 
  that is why england celebrates a hero renown for his victories over the saxons . 
  the british empire had a huge trade deficit nearly the entire time it existed . 
  the empire was more a case of britain making fuck loads of wealth internally and being able to buy whatever the hell it wanted internationally because for a while nobody was producing value like britain did . 
  then a bunch of other countries caught up and the empires trade deficit only became tolerable because sterling became a reserve currency . 
  their bites kan be pretti nasti . 
  they wanted to join nato because they 've been fucked by russia since the rise of catherine the great and finally see maybe an end to it ? 
  what about having a country with an awesome name ? 
  the talk of pissing off english voters seems entirely fabricated by the media . 
  most polling suggests labour voters wish they could vote for the snp rather than being angry about getting into bed with them . 
  the core voters likely to be angry are not people who will ever vote labour . 
  labour have to not openly support the snp , if only to avoid the same mess happening in wales , but there is no meaningful threat to them in england . 
   their emergence at the forefront of british politics is down to the re-emergence of nationalism on the electoral scene in the uk . 
  the status quo is n't a re-emergence of nationalism . 
  the uk has been a regionally divided nation for 40 years . 
  in all that time politicians have ignored everyone other than those living in the fault lines through the swing seats in middle england and the wealthy south east . 
  we 've had regional politics in the uk all this time . 
  it has just been masquerading as national politics . 
  the emergence of the snp is only really somebody throwing in a new regional flavour . 
  this is a necessary response to parties ignoring 80 % of their supporters . 
  the snp have now put scotland into a position where labour ca n't just ignore the scots . 
  effectively scotland have crafted a new political fault line on which labour have to fight . 
  finally somebody in the uk has power equivalent to that middle england have had all my lifetime . 
  ukip are also gaining ground on the same basis but from the other wing . 
  tories fed up of the tories serving those in the middle are starting to abandon the party as well . 
  this process is only just starting , it may not be ukip that actually benefits in the long run . 
  anyway the uk already had the regions that had to be appeased . 
  other regions are just catching up . 
  to fix it the parties that claim to serve the nation need to stop screwing over the nation at large to favour 10 % of seats who change their mind every election . 
   the party won the european elections in 2014 , securing more than a quarter of the british vote , with promises to break the eu from the inside . 
  its victory has been held up as a forceful demonstration of how euroskepticism is spreading in the uk . 
  this is also misleading . 
  euroscepticism has hit its peak . 
  all its members have hit the zenith of their electoral relevance . 
  the grey vote is now entirely made up of the long suffering sceptic . 
  however the popularity of their platform falls off a cliff as you get younger . 
  which is why the political fortunes of euroscepticism counter-intuitively are running contrary to the polling on the key issues . 
  we have n't seen the birth of the movement . 
  we 've seen its funeral . 
  what is the point ? 
  they either cut a deal with the snp and have power or do n't . 
  they are n't likely to ever win a majority again as things stand . 
  yes any firearm for the purpose of self defence is illegal in the uk . 
  self defence means against people . 
  you can shoot wolves . 
  i do n't think so . 
  this trend has been on going for 40 years towards fewer and fewer votes for the big parties . 
  if it `` goes back to normal '' it will do so in 40 years after the voters who 've brought us to this point die and are replaced by voters who grew up in the era in which it was hard to see who will be government . 
  in 40 years it is entirely possible we 'll get voting reform to establish pr . 
  especially as in the meantime the population in favour of multilateral politics will move from middle age into the grey vote section which tends to dominate elections . 
  is n't this already the case nearly everywhere in europe ? 
  in the uk anyone can get a shotgun license . 
  british politics is going to have to change to account for the new reality . 
  the focus of the whole system is going to swing from executive domination towards legislative continuity . 
  or we can stick with fptp and end up with utterly random governments each election . 
  at least they will be weak random governments . 
  yeah people tend to think that the areas involved are all one sided . 
  i find little sympathy for scargill where i grew up as well . 
  everyone knew the man 's primary goal was toppling a government . 
  there also is n't particularly a great deal of love for unionism at large in these areas . 
  i was never happy with it . 
  more and more people are thinking like me that we need to get rid of absolute majorities under one party . 
  labour will cut a deal with the snp . 
  if a second election is run the guys with money ( that is the tories ) will sweep to victory . 
  tbh the costliness of the uk coal mines has always been drastically overstated . 
  it was a show down between one moron who wanted to topple the government and another moron who wanted take on the heart and soul of the union movement . 
  the former blamed the government for mine closures that were n't particularly heavy ( though were heavier than planned ) . 
  the latter blamed the coal mines for being unprofitable ( where profitability was defined by a rather broken metric of weight rather than energy output . 
  a lot of the coal mines were producing high density anthracite but were being called weak ) . 
  the whole affair was a stitch up and little to do with coal mining . 
  there is a reason thatcher refused every offer of buy outs for coal mines she was shutting . 
  some that did manage to take the government to court and force a sale actually made fuck tonnes of money . 
  they were n't always the best ones either . 
  the miners who bought out tower , which was one of the ones even the unions accepted had poor yields , all ended up driving mercs . 
  you need a picket line on this photo . 
  the funny thing is we 're assured that france does n't strike so much any more . 
  god knows how bad it must have been . 
  us companies dominate because the us has one functional market servicing one culture . 
  europe is n't there yet . 
  a banking union is a huge change and surely subject to at least an election campaign run with it on a manifesto ? 
  to be fair the economist is at least absolutely open about what they stand for , why they stand for it and all the various pros and cons of each leader with regards to their position . 
  i disagree with their choice but it is better to have open and honest bias than closed and implicit bias . 
  i do n't think positive discrimination is the problem . 
  the problem is the concerning lurch some feminists have to entrenching `` corrective '' gender privileges into law . 
  this is precisely how we end up with a society that discriminates to begin with . 
  the law must always be even handed on an ideal playing field . 
  deal with reality via reality by all means but making the law biased because reality is biased is a fools game . 
  laws should be written as if they are intended to exist forever . 
  yes because they do n't put calories on the god damned beer . 
  seems reasonable . 
  making a fair judgement on how to fit beer into a diet is currently impossible . 
  like all europeans that migrate to the us , those stars are americans now .
