  we were merely better at it than they were . 
   she also did something terrible to australia and/or new zealand did she call them bad names ? 
   kicking out the democratically-elected president of chile for a fascist that nearly ran the country into the ground yes pinochet was abhorrent . 
  none of this is as bad as invading iraq . 
  what shit did thatcher pull altogether ? 
   yes our western agenda will be forced on the country if that was even practical i 'd be screaming from the rooftops for war . 
  if we could control the country and pacify the various factions then war at this time might even be justifiable . 
  the threat is not that our western agenda will be forced on the country . 
  the threat is that such a thing is impractical . 
  that is n't what is at stake . 
  if we intervene and break assad there is no one to step in . 
  unless we are prepared to garrison syria on a long term basis we will not be able to keep the country stable . 
  the us changes the rules every time it loses a war game so that it actually won . 
  that is the crazy thing . 
  intervention in syria does not help us in a real politik sense . 
  there is literally nothing good about this conflict . 
  it wo n't save lives and it wo n't help nato or the eu . 
  our intelligence programs ? 
  were convinced iraq had wmds . 
  they sent hans blix after non-existent wmds for years and not one wmd was found despite their absolute certainty that the weapons existed ( this is before the iraq war where saddam magically destroyed a whole nations worth of strategically useful weapons the moment he was captured . 
  without ever using them on the troops that were overrunning his nation ) . 
  the action will create an environment in which hundreds of thousands will die in the madness to come . 
  including a likely purge of the syrian christians by our beloved rebels . 
  if the liberal faction of the rebellion had the strength to hold the country they 'd have already won this war . 
  if saving lives was our aim the surest way to do it would actually be to back assad in the conflict . 
  if we are going to war we should be clear about what our aims are . 
  if it is saving lives then backing the rebels will run completely contrary to those goals . 
  even if assad is using chemical weapons . 
  if we are declaring war to appease our own ethical conscious then by all means back the rebels but be prepared to accept responsibility for the environment it will create . 
  i 'm fed up of people backing war with obvious terrible consequences because they believe that they tried to do the right thing . 
  people can take responsibility for the inevitable bullshit if we do this . 
  take ownership of the consequences of your straight forward ethical stances . 
  when christians are being purged by jihadists are we then going to bomb the people we 've just been helping ? 
  i assume those in favour will volunteer to stand guard over the vulnerable people this will create ? 
  seems entirely reasonable . 
  we do n't generally apply laws retroactively precisely because of the abuse such a thing would allow . 
   or i could argue that the euro motivated the strong to help the weak and kept the european economy afloat and together during the storm . 
  if it did that we would n't be here today discussing the troubles of the eurozone . 
  if the richer members had supplied half the resources they are now committing at the start we would be referring to the crisis as a mild blip . 
  greek interest would have never reached 13 % and the markets would be terrified of betting against the eurozone . 
  instead we 've done everything we can to fail so that merkel can win elections . 
  there is absolutely no shortage of manufacturing in the world . 
  the us itself has enough plant in mothball to replace whatever china makes very quickly . 
  also japan would benefit tremendously from this chinese act of insanity . 
  it would solve their loss decade over night . 
  people pretend that chinese domination of the easiest , cheapest and most common form of wealth on the planet gives them power . 
  china are the most replaceable cog in the entire system . 
  the veto system was designed for cases like syria . 
  yes the veto has been abused by russia and china to turn the unsc into a talking shop . 
  however this case is precisely what it was designed to do . 
  the veto is about brutal real politik . 
  the recognition that some places on the planet are in the sphere of great powers and that other great powers doing `` humanitarian missions '' there is a danger to the entire planet . 
  syria fits the bill . 
  tbh the ethical issue is almost immaterial . 
  this is blatantly pissing in the pond of a power that has enough nukes to blow the planet away . 
  precisely what the un veto system was supposed to prevent . 
  if this was most countries i 'd agree with intervention but not here . 
  if we do take out syria then russia is going to become all the more aggressive on the question of ukrainian and georgian association with the west . 
  this is going to cause real politik spill over that will harm our ( eu and nato ) strategic objectives , to install a government that will probably hate us and be less stable anyway . 
  italy needs badly to assert the rule of law . 
  you can not exorcise corruption while appeasing it . 
  if they give in to berlusconi all it demonstrates is that when the time is right the government will cave to unreasonable demands . 
  the holy roman empire was similar and lasted a thousand years . 
  there is n't any reason to think the eu could n't do similarly . 
  technically that is the case with the us . 
  the real issue in the us is a lack of respect for state rights in washington . 
  no a presidential system is not idea . 
  power needs to be driven through the legislative . 
  otherwise you risk a cult of personality . 
  banning clothes would be something that runs contrary to british norms . 
  we are accepting of odd balls in the uk but obviously that does n't run as far as courts . 
  i think he means orthodox as in fundamentalist rather than orthodox as in eastern orthodox . 
  austerity was never about technical reality . 
  austerity is always politically viable because it aligns nicely with all sorts of ethical gibberish . 
  the evidence was found to match what was politically viable . 
  the real viability of austerity never came into it . 
  may the communists and national socialists find each other in hell and earn the fate they deserve for their crimes . 
  this is good . 
  if german domestic demand is picking up it 'll help with rebalancing the entire eurozone . 
  i do n't think jobs are the problem . 
  pay is a bit shit compared to what you could get elsewhere but the jobs are there . 
  the real issue is the housing market . 
  as a software engineer i 'm struggling for the life of me to justify working for less money than i could earn elsewhere to buy a house that will be more expensive ( and smaller ) than just about anywhere on the planet . 
  if thatcher did successfully kill society in the 80s then this country is done . 
  no sane middle class person who does n't have ties would keep themselves bound to a nation who 's main business is a property market that is fiddled beyond reason . 
  i think if we do n't fix the property market then the uk is going to have to institute east german style border controls to keep people in . 
  hey we have cheap mcdonald 's and coke !, 
  the various empires were not nation states though . 
  the uk holds itself as one thing with a unitary government . 
  the habsberg empire was always a union of a bunch of different nations . 
  the norway/sweden split is probably the most similar to a potential split of scotland or catalonia . 
  comparing britain standing aside to a pact to invade other nations is absurd . 
  i 've never met a british person who did n't know who chamberlain was . 
  restoring roman rule of egypt . 
  we need trade power in alexandria . 
  are they going to start allowing people in to see him again ? 
  was n't that the deal ? 
  you go in to realise how utterly useless you were compared to alexander . 
  at least you were supposed to . 
  octavion kind of broke that system .
