  it seems to be its own place with its own sports and cultural traditions . 
  hardly culturally cleansed . 
  the irish were oppressed and neglected . 
  it was n't an ethnic cleansing program . 
  the uk quite explicitly did n't do cultural annihilation . 
  until comparatively recently most people in wales could n't even speak english . 
  it was only the spread of the industrial revolution and the desire to get a job that started the process without state pressure . 
  it certainly is n't france where they declared war on regional identity . 
  the eurozone still has n't dealt with the structural deficiencies in the currency block . 
  they still believe it is possible for independent actors to `` act in good faith '' as the currency zone sees massive balance deficits suck the life out of their economy . 
  until the fundamental reality of what needs to happen in a currency block hits the politicians we 'll see no progress . 
  food has n't been right since they got rid of all the horse . 
  bring back my horse burgers !, 
  no not every country practices cultural annihilation . 
  it matters because i 'd rather learn french and make it easier for 65m french men than learn a language that makes it easier for nobody . 
  if we were to pick an unspoken language i 'd rather pick latin . 
  at least that has solid cultural , traditional and prestige reasons for it * . 
  at the bare minimum it would allow people to read a lot of old works . 
  * and all of these matter . 
  if you are going to do something like this making a decision is the easy part . 
  you need to legitimise the move in the eyes of the public to make it a successful move . 
  it is one thing to have an official standard and quite another to have a language that was constructed out of thin air . 
  for instance everyone rightly ignores any attempt to standardise english . 
  wales is a mighty power in flooded world . 
  i for one welcome our global warming overlords . 
  adm 999 -  core everything !, 
  i 'm going to play a new ck2 game where i carefully break up power blocks and establish all the kingdoms ( with my dynasty in charge of course . 
  i got this idea from the ck2 reddit and it seems cool ) . 
  with a republic of wales as my own territory . 
  then i will convert this . 
  then world domination . 
  i do n't mind people learning the language . 
  i just thought it 'd be a humorous reversal . 
  i 'm usually torn on the whole language debate and mostly think it is a huge and unnecessary distraction . 
  ( the debate , not the language ), 
  it just does n't seem to make much sense to use a made up language rather than a living breathing one . 
  i realise it is an incredibly convenient argument for a native english speaker . 
   french is a bit more tricky because it 's a managed language dominated by one country yes if we 're going to standardise i want a natively compiled language specified by a global standards body . 
  yes english is being overrun by people who 's families have n't spoken welsh in 4 generations !, 
  wales is in a really weird place right now . 
  welsh is almost latin here . 
  the better off families learn it and send their kids to welsh school . 
  england uses it . 
  if anything the english use of it has led to it becoming associated with england rather than britain . 
  football and rugby both use it . 
  the scottish anthem talks about sending edwards armies home to think again . 
  almost nobody outside of england sings the anthem . 
  wales has had its own anthem since the 1800s . 
  technically it is unofficial but it is used exclusively in every state function that deals with wales . 
  for instance the welsh assembly is opened with it . 
  yes but not because of neutrality . 
  as bad as the current mess is , the alternative is worse . 
  also the military is the only power block holding egypt together . 
  i 've noticed he 'd coerced you all into europe empire flairs as well !, 
  will the ambition of brussels ever find an end !, 
  ( or a beginning ), 
  well interventionism is about the intention . 
  as opposed to isolationism . 
  i do n't think either camp is ideal . 
  the ideal is legal interventionism with support from the un as with libya . 
  even then it should only be done if certain pragmatic parameters are correct . 
  i would n't have supported iraq even if the un backed it . 
    it is n't just putin but the general swing in russia towards poisoning foreign leaders   is this meant literally ? 
  yes polonium poisoning one of the ukrainian leadership a while back because he was pro-eu . 
  the uk has been involved in a few silly wars . 
  fortunately we seem to have done serious damage to the whole concept of interventionism . 
  the welsh flag is inventively called `` y ddraig goch '' which is simply the red dragon . 
  the dragon as a symbol of wales goes back to the 9th century ad . 
  before that it was a common symbol of roman power in britain . 
  it was preferred over the saint david cross because of this history , the st david flag being invented roughly at the start of the 20th century . 
  it was adopted as the symbol of the pendragon family ( whether myth or fact ) and came to represent wales in later years . 
  the legend being that arthur united roman britain ( which at this point was wales and cornwall ) one last time and resisted the last saxon push . 
  securing rough independence at least until the normans came to the uk . 
  the green was added by henry tudor . 
  he flew the flag when passing through wales to raise troops in the war of the roses . 
  his victory there ended any question of the legitimacy of the union of england and wales ( or at least the welsh nobles accepted it , there are some doubts as to exactly how high up the welsh hierarchy the tudors actually came from ) . 
  putin is trying to recreate the ussr more or less . 
  it is n't just putin but the general swing in russia towards poisoning foreign leaders , using oil like a political weapon and sending tanks over the border . 
  putin is just the personification of this . 
  tbh we were probably closer at the end of the battle of france . 
  it was proposed that britain and france form a union to keep france in the fight . 
  france feared british abandonment given the disaster . 
  a union was seen as britain treating france roughly how it 'd treat an invasion of london . 
  giving both nations the impetus they need to stay in the war until the very end . 
  however the vichy coup took place instead . 
  apparently if it had been put forward a few days earlier it might have succeeded . 
  there should n't be public retribution . 
  however we should push ahead with both georgia and the ukraine precisely because of the power games putin is playing . 
  simply put men like putin make russia dangerous and legitimise a renewed containment strategy . 
  we just should n't publicly announce such a strategy . 
  just do it quietly . 
  the eu is like a peaceful napoleon . 
  tbh i do n't think there is a policy against russia from the eu . 
  i think the eu has blindly gobbled up the russian sphere without realising what has quite happened . 
  all the pressure has come from those nations . 
  they see the eu as a shield against russian influence . 
  it is a strange situation of the tail wagging the dog . 
  only really possible because of the eus status as a non-super power . 
  the eu exists to stop wars in europe . 
  russia joining would probably be the final achievement of that goal .
