  they can access your stuff but you ca n't . 
  show me a way to make infallible people and i 'll put my future in their hands . 
  this type of small minded tech advocacy that does n't take into consideration the human factor of any system is n't useful . 
  everyone was in bed with russia until a few months ago . 
  including the us . 
  normalisation was worth pursuing . 
  if russia leaves the crimea now * i 'd support us chasing normalisation again . 
  * obviously it ca n't go back to the status quo but maybe a legitimate referendum can be organised with all sides agreeing to respect the outcome . 
  a guarantee is that the government will pay out savers if the bank goes under . 
  the liquidity injections saved the banks . 
  admittedly the latter reduced the irish exposure to the former . 
  the liquidity work came latter . 
  the guarantee was back when everyone was still talking about sound fundamentals and not talking down the market . 
  when you give the banks a blank cheque you are admitting that is n't the case . 
  ireland was hit twice by the guarantee and the later bail outs . 
  the irish crash was almost entirely artificial . 
  your politicians were conned into giving a 100 % guarantee back when everyone was pretending there was no issue . 
  then when it turned out there was actually an issue ireland was left with a 100 % guarantee that it had to somehow uphold . 
   no , she 's there because she 's his wife . 
  she 'd be there even if the eu did n't exist . 
  that 's the important distinction here . 
  sadly that is no longer the case in the uk . 
  there is so much panic about `` oh they get married and then bring the whole family over '' that bullshit laws now exist to block this . 
  never mind that the vast bulk of our migration ( something like 80 % ) comes from the former commonwealth and is nothing to do with either marriage or the eu . 
   remind me why we bother with democracy ? 
  the tories were trying to pass a bill binding the next government . 
  the business of the next government is the business of the next government . 
  the lords were entirely within their rights to block it . 
  if the tories wanted to bring a bill forward during this term of government it would not have been blocked . 
   the law now requires a referendum every time a new treaty ( like rome or lisbon ) is signed . 
  pretty meaningless tbh . 
  the bill to pass the next treaty could include a provision expunging that bill . 
   we should have a referendum , there is no point being in the eu if most of us want out , and having a positive stay referendum would give the ` stay ' argument some proper legitimacy . 
  i would n't mind having one . 
  i 'd like the people who do n't have to live with the decision to have a chance to not have an impact on the vote first . 
  the later the better . 
  right now it is neck and neck with mostly people who will be dead within a few years swinging it in favour of leaving . 
   however politically they 'd look pretty bad if they decided not to hold one . 
  they 've already said they wo n't hold a referendum if they do n't see a compelling treaty change that would require one . 
   the only way they get away with it is if they campaign heavily with promises of cancelling the referendum . 
  there is no referendum to cancel . 
  the bill was killed in the lords . 
   which they wo n't do , because it 'll lose them votes with the lowerclass/underclass which is classically their voter base . 
  they are banking , probably rightly , that getting rid of the tories at all costs will easily trump the eu debate . 
  far more bitching is occurring about the tories than the eu . 
  yes but those young folk will be older folk in 5 years time as well . 
  the polls right now put any referendum as neck and neck so this is functionally impossible . 
  yougov did a study on this about a year ago http://cdn.yougov.com/cumulus_uploads/document/wfk7o4dbz5/yg-archive-london-omnibus-full-results-280513.pdf, 
  most of the supporters of leaving the eu are closer to the grave than the cradle . 
  every 5 years that passes will see the picture change . 
  in 5 years there 'll be 5 more years of younger voters ( who are typically pro-eu ) replacing 5 years of pensioners ( who are typically the most eurosceptic ) . 
  the fact is this is a losing battle and if we go 10 years without a referendum we probably will never have one . 
  i think the horror of the british print media comes down to our culture . 
  there is a history of class warfare in the uk . 
  the newspapers were all basically mouth pieces for various sides of the class divide . 
  it did n't matter if the mail or the mirror produced horrific lies because they were horrific lies about the enemy . 
  it reminds us constantly just how useless politicians are . 
  nobody in the uk is under any illusions that our leaders are sane or competent . 
  besides i do n't think you can get the genuinely good moments out of pmqs without the theatre . 
  occasionally mps do nail the pm with something interesting but if it was stage managed to look prestigious then this could n't happen . 
  if they actually have irish parents and live in ireland then i do n't see a problem . 
  well the term british has been distorted by people who patently are n't british claiming to be british . 
  i mean there is an island called britain . 
  being british means you were born there or have very near familial links . 
  of course it does n't help that there is a completely artificial british culture that was created with the empire that nobody actually in the uk adheres to . 
  this sounds like wales . 
  no matter where the line is drawn the people on the other side are utter bastards . 
  poland 's economy is growing in a manner pretty much unheralded in its history . 
  there is a chance and ukip are pretty much guaranteed to do well at the european elections . 
  however if labour win the next general election it will put an end to this referendum talk . 
  it is a bit of both . 
  we have a relatively solid economy and it has enough flexibility for people coming in to immediately find something useful to do . 
  the limiting factor is the property market . 
  so does the ukrainian parliament which is why elections were scheduled at the earliest opportunity such things could be arranged . 
  there had to be a president in the interim . 
  nato did n't violate anything in libya . 
  russia and china were well aware of what they were voting on . 
  whatever nato did the leaders of russia , china and the arab league were going to condemn nato for political benefit at home . 
  libya happened because it had no strategic allies of relevance and because the arab league supported it which fitted the chinese and russian position of a multipolar world . 
  the whole political reason for the orthodox church was the independence and equality of the various patriarchs . 
   and iirc hitler wanted to unite europe under one flag and use one currency , with germany as a leader , does that ring a bell to you ? 
  when did hitler want to unify europe ? 
  he was incredibly racist against eastern europeans but saw most western european nations as equals . 
  he only conquered france because we declared war over poland . 
  most of the pro-russian posts have been mindless whataboutism . 
  the defenders of russia need better arguments . 
  the current administration was going to vanish in may once elections could be arranged with international observers . 
  it was a caretaker administration that now has to actually do stuff because of russia . 
  / r/europe has been pretty balanced . 
  for some reason / r/worldnews is full of people pinning for the soviet union . 
  there is a difference between a nation that defends corporations and capitalism and a nation that uses gasprom as a strategic weapon . 
  keynesian economics focuses on vast capital surplus spending on infrastructure that will improve efficiency during the upswing . 
  the idea is you take up the slack and produce an environment that will create strong growth after the fact . 
  funnelling money into a banking black hole is the precise opposite of this . 
  that is propping up current interests at the expense of future performance . 
  the ecb have a target of 2 % inflation they 've been steadfastly ignoring under political pressure from germany . 
  whatever they have with russia it wo n't be a free trade agreement . 
  the us will never sign an open ended trade agreement with a nation in which many corporations are effective arms of the state and operate politically . 
  it would n't in anyway hurt the eu to actively deal with some of the weird realities of trade with russia . 
  an end to bilateral energy deals would drastically reduce the power of russia to manipulate energy prices and give the eu much cheaper energy .
