  do n't really know about much unilateral power the council has if there is a referendum that succeeds on the treaty then two facts are true : 1 . 
  the tories have a majority in the commons . 
  the lords can not act because the decision has a direct public mandate . 
  if the lords tried to block legislation backed by the weight of a referendum there 'd be a third parliament act which would cripple the body even further . 
  in short if cameron wins the only hope for britain to keep useful policy like the working time directive is if germany and france basically tell cameron to fuck off and he 's forced to offer a referendum on the union as it is . 
  napoleon basically carved poland back out of the defeated coalition members and recreated it . 
  when napoleon was defeated they were carved back up again . 
  france going napoleon on poland is actually what poland wants . 
  ukip going up in the polls would be the best of all possible results for pro-europeans . 
  they ca n't win but they can certainly guarantee a labour victory . 
  lets be clear , pro-europeans are best served by the hard core eurosceptics all voting for ukip . 
  it will turn the fptp mechanism against the right wing for the first time in history and leave us with a clear cut labour majority and thus no referendum . 
  people are free to vote for a party that offers a referendum . 
  i do n't see the point of a referendum if a pro-european party gets elected . 
  cameron wants to make changes that are detrimental to the well being of uk citizens and is using euroscepticism as a hammer to try and force those changes through . 
   his `` fourth political theory '' for example is more of a call for a new political theory in response to liberalism and a lot of possible ground pillars of such a theory rather than a neatly outlined ideology . 
  it is much easier to say that pi is not equal to 3.1415 ... than it is to make a decisive argument for it being something else . 
  the lack of a coherent and sane alternative to liberalism is a compelling argument all of its own . 
  reform is a buzz word . 
  the tories do n't really want to change anything other than maybe weakening the social charter so that british people can be worked into the ground as god intended . 
  what they want is something , anything , to change so they can claim victory to the public and thus advocate an in vote at their proposed referendum . 
  to be fair the us figures are much better than the eu with or without the adjustment . 
  the same growth appears before and after transformation . 
  it just changes how high the peaks and troughs are . 
  the us has run outright stimulus and won the recession debate . 
  there is hands down no question their performance has been the best in the developed world . 
  whereas the eurozone plan has been nothing short of a disaster . 
  the only blips on their records have been the few times the republicans have managed to troll obama with the spending cap . 
  you realise the fda still allows the mechanical recovery methods that caused bse ? 
  the fact the eu threw such fits over these incidents pretty much highlights the differences between the regimes . 
  only swiss armed with crossbows, 
  well you can shoot an apple . 
  ask william tell . 
  you ca n't make a rational argument based upon the idea that 2 +2 = 5 . 
  free adults do n't eat apples ? 
  i 'm not aware of who eats the us apples . 
  my point was somewhat not serious . 
  it has moved progressively closer . 
  the truth is the unionists do n't have any real leadership . 
  the best thing cameron , current defacto spokesman for the uk , can do is be quiet . 
  every time a tory speaks you 'll see independence come closer . 
  the queen herself is the dejure spokesman but she has to keep political neutrality . 
  this has lead to salmond more or less having a free run at it . 
  the independence camp still has a lot to do . 
  they 'll need to show decisive support imo to pull it off . 
  that seems unlikely at this point . 
  i 'm surprised salmond has n't played up the jobless/rich only/london only recovery angle . 
  he could convincingly make the argument that the shape of the uk recovery right now shows how london centric we are and that scotland would be better off on its own . 
  if they can do that it could be enough to tip them over but i doubt it . 
  food pricing almost does n't move in the eu because of how cap operates . 
  of course that means we start with over priced food . 
  we wait until you do 50 years of live experiments . 
  tbh there is a lot of experimentation , you just wo n't see it from the big brands . 
  unless it is ruining cider by putting black current in it and selling it for twice the price ( honestly black current squash costs 70p a bottle ) . 
  yeah the us system is `` well if this kills you then you can always roll the dice on a court case '' . 
  amazingly people from the us seem to think the fda is some kind of stingy regulator rather than a rubber stamping agency . 
  the borders must be clean !, 
  so it is agreed then . 
  denmark gets schleiswig-holstein back . 
  denmark enters germany as d\u00e4nisch bundesland . 
  it means you discriminate against men and women !, 
  can do what ? 
  machines are very , very stupid . 
  most of the people calling the doom of human labour have no idea how far away we are from automating all but the most trivial of tasks . 
  problem is they can hold the financial sector hostage to populist bullshit with or without us in there . 
  we really need to be inside to actually fight this rubbish . 
  on the outside there is literally nothing stopping france creating all sorts of uk taxes . 
  at least right now we can veto and raise hell when stupid things happen . 
  [ this dude is pretty cool . 
  sadly they are creating a new lower class out of the middle class when doing it . 
  all you end up with is 5 tiers of lower class . 
  you 'll do anything to get schleiswig-holstein back . 
  it would have been interesting if they had n't ( ignoring for the moment all the horrible things that never concluded due to the mistakes germany made ) . 
  by that point the royal navy had more or less complete domination of the seas ( with the exception of the submarine warfare ) and the raf had pretty much guaranteed that germany 's one real hope of invading britain was not going to happen . 
  we are almost at a napoleonic wars rerun at that point . 
  at what point does the german army suffer for the lack of exotic metals , oil , etc ? 
  all the polls are showing a labour lead that is larger than error margins . 
  not sure why people are n't expecting them to come out as the largest party at the eu elections . 
  there is literally no good reason to believe ukip will do better . 
  why would the currency make a difference ? 
  you can trade whatever currency you want in london . 
  you are n't forced to convert everything to pounds at the border . 
  shanghai does n't have the easy access to east and west that we do . 
  the only places that could replace london are those in the same or adjacent time zones . 
  you can improve in gdp all you want but you ca n't move china to a place where it can trade with tokyo and new york on the same day . 
  if anything the growth in asia helps london because it pulls the financial epicentre further away from wall street . 
  there would now be even more good reason to trade in london . 
  outside of europe i 'd be more worried about johannesburg than shanghai or mumbai . 
  the only way a non-bst/gmt/cet city takes over is if europe becomes so completely irrelevant that trade can be re-centred on the american west coast with europe ignored completely . 
  while europe is important enough to warrant trade with we hold a geographically advantageous position . 
  something like 12 % of our economy is in manufacturing . 
  we just do n't make many goods with a huge public brand . 
  the british industrial sector is the second largest in the eu . 
  ahead of italy in 3rd and france in 4th . 
  well we saw this before unification . 
  france was dominant and pushed a norm of dirigisme that the eu has struggled to get away from . 
  well we rotated out of necessity . 
  at one point britain had three planes for every pilot . 
  a pilot could literally get shot down twice in a day and still have a plane he could put in the air provided he survived . 
  earlier in the battle was a crisis of air frames .
