  tbh age does affect things but it usually deals more with practicality rather than outright ideology . 
  the truth is it rarely does . 
  hence why most people vote for whoever their parents do . 
  big swings are very rare . 
  nearly every political shift is just some generation reaching its prime and setting a new agenda . 
  for the thatcher generation that was a generation who grew up bemused at union rule . 
  we are n't talking about students . 
  ukip support drops massively for anyone under 40 . 
  some people change but they rarely completely reverse their positions . 
  the technical details alter . 
  socialists become social democrats and stop saying stupid things like `` debt is artificial so we can just ignore it '' . 
  rarely do liberals suddenly become hitler or pro-europeans become sceptics . 
  a huge chunk of ukip support will be among the dearly departed 5 years from now . 
  it 'll drop off because support is very low amongst voters who grew up with the eu already there . 
  ukraine has pretty much asked for military assistance since this all kicked off . 
  europe happens to just share most core principles with the us so it aligned with it as often as not . 
  this has become increasingly true with the fall of communism . 
  i mean if the us is n't the most important ally for the continent then who is ? 
  china ? 
  these nations are pretty alien to us . 
  the balance of power in the relationship has n't always been as even as we 'd like . 
  a large part of the restart of entente cordiale was about britain and france setting out to argue together on issues that would affect nato . 
  this process was seen in libya and syria ( the former good and the latter bad imo ) . 
  if anything because of this right now europe has more sway with nato than it ever has ( where europe means france and the uk obviously ) . 
  tbh it is about time . 
  with russia pushing perpetual political sanctions on eastern members the eu is treaty bound to response . 
  that is perfectly safe . 
  you just know that nobody else is insane enough to be coming the other direction . 
  there is some of that . 
  when it starts raining you 'll get the middle lane drivers all shifting over to the outside lane and then refusing to get back left . 
  this ends with an entire motorway where everyone is driving in the outside lane . 
  the middle lane completely empty . 
  usually with one or two people occasionally going past you in the middle lane at 110 in frustration at everyone being fucking stupid . 
  do n't forget that the british parliament had very few rights until it won them by the establishment of conventions . 
  after this election the ep intends to veto all the proposed presidential candidates until they are given the opportunity to promote their own candidate . 
  this will be the first real constitutional crisis of the post lisbon world and it could end up with the ep expanding its power . 
  was it so easily ? 
  irish independence was a strange one . 
  in principle we had agreement very early on but the first war disrupted the process and turned what should have been an amicable split into an acrimonious one . 
  ireland rebelled during ww1 . 
  keep in mind that when all this happened the liberals were starting to impose themselves on the uk . 
  liberalism did n't really take off in much of europe until after ww2 . 
  in wales labour has a decisive lead of about 10 % . 
  ukip/pc are pretty close in overall support fighting for second place . 
  though it looks like ukip might win that one . 
  lds are polling worse than the tories . 
  i think they 're seen as an english party in scotland . 
  once it is presented it will essentially be take it or leave . 
  i mean minor adjustments could be made but the broad strokes will be set in stone by then . 
  of course . 
  china would have used the uncertainty following the ukraine situation to bargain hard . 
  russia does n't exactly have a lot of options available to it . 
  yes there are places where it is a first language . 
  however for most of the new speakers i do n't think it uncontroversial to call it a second language . 
  maybe we 'll reverse viking you when the seas come in . 
  yeah that is a pretty decent answer . 
  the lines break down on racial grounds because we bent over to give australia , canada , nz and sa home rule . 
  those places were internally self governing for far longer than the uk ruled directly . 
  the colonies which did n't have good honest white people in them were given none of this . 
  many of them first experienced self rule after they won independence . 
  i do n't get why we did n't invite you when we were drawing the egyptian borders . 
  imagine if we commanded the mediterranean to be a perfect straight line across the northern egyptian coast . 
  finally sanity will have prevailed over the chaotic whims of nature . 
  the netherlands could rule the sea borders while the british empire rules the land borders . 
  all will be of ideal geometry !, 
  you 'll have english people trying to get into scotland rather than the other way around . 
  nah you take the roman approach . 
  you let in english immigrants only in controlled numbers . 
  then you split the population up into small pockets and distribute them throughout scotland . 
  without the safety of numbers these pockets will be drinking irn bru and headbutting people in no time in order to fit in . 
  you could expand on this by sending unattached women to scottish settlements and unattached english men to the irn bru mines . 
  so are we leading a vile campaign to over throw the government of ukraine or completely helpless in the world ? 
  i get confused between the conspiracy theories on either side . 
  pretty pointless party . 
  pro-eu voters vote on actual issues . 
  not on in/out . 
  it would be disastrously stupid if we put members into the eu parliament who 's only purpose was to agree that the eu is great . 
  there have been a bunch of pointless ukip tribute acts in the media recently . 
  well we had them in the first war . 
  only a german would try to have it both ways . 
  this is why you must be resisted at all costs !, 
  i think it is fair to say that the new welsh speakers are second language welsh speakers rather than second language english speakers . 
  french is the officially blessed smelly foreigner language in the uk . 
  ready for the future occupations . 
  eventually they 'll learn english of course . 
  tbh celtic manor seems to be doing a lot of business . 
  i doubt it will ever reach ryder cup levels again though . 
  do n't be silly . 
  calais is good honest occupied british land . 
  africa begins south of normandy and east of anjou . 
   nothing will change . 
  we 're kind of depending on this . 
  what has happened is as the noose has closed around ukip their hard core has become more enthused and registered their vote . 
  there is a good 30 % who 'll support them through just about any crisis . 
  however they 've been losing the fight for the middle ground for months now and this will probably put an end to it . 
  particularly farage builds his credibility on being able to answer a straight question . 
  he could n't answer why he preferred germans to romanians because the answer was simple racism . 
  i think a lot of the moderates will begin to see that this mentality is precisely racism . 
  you ca n't say `` we should block all these people because statistically ... '' and claim you are n't being a racist . 
  you are suggesting that we treat individuals based on some vague classification of their grouping .
