  they are n't though . 
  most nations saw massive corrections after 2008 . 
  if the number of people coming in dropped we 'd build fewer houses . 
  the market is rigged and the population is largely complicit in the rigging . 
  like some kind of hre for supermarkets . 
   has a large enough army to single handedly successfully invade and occupy all of mainland europe nato assets in europe outnumber russia 7 to 1 . 
  the vast bulk of which are not american . 
  it is n't . 
  the basic concept is democracy should hold no sway over certain issues . 
  for instance a democracy that authorised the murder of certain groups would be illegitimate regardless of democracy . 
  when democracy acts illegitimately you have tyranny of the majority . 
  -10 % are vile traitors to nation . 
  the us just does n't see europe as a rival at all . 
  do n't think that is fair really . 
  the us has a long standing goal of a unified european block . 
  the us dream is an eu that can deal with russia , the levant and north africa without continually pulling us resources into the region . 
  it is n't about puppets . 
  we in britain also do n't trust any powers/authorities . 
  we are usually the ones doing the betraying ( and assume everyone else is the same ) . 
  might be one or two of them have lost limbs . 
  rounding up to the nearest whole academic . 
  not hitler ? 
  yeah ancient greece invented the idea that facts are utterly irrelevant . 
  whole branches of inquiry suffered because the greek norm was the facts are wrong if they conflict with beautiful theories . 
  i mean they discovered irrational numbers and then declared it is impossible because the concept was ugly . 
  i have no idea what medical procedures could prevent a ddos . 
  i have no problem with robot arms . 
  i have a problem with having an ip network in between . 
  indeed i will trust an ai to operate on me before i trust a remote surgeon . 
  remote surgery will never be a thing . 
  i will never allow a doctor to operate on me over internet protocol . 
  the point is freud was criticised at the start . 
  he is the guy who says `` 2 +2 = 5 '' and spawns an entire industry dedicated to showing how much of a lunatic he is . 
  i think the tsars can be blamed for that . 
  they chose to face up to liberalism in europe by trying to go backwards . 
  psychology was built because freud was so obviously wrong that people went out of their way to debunk him . 
  he was responsible for the birth of this field of enquiry though . 
  he was wrong from conception though , not in hindsight . 
  the current noise coming out is that prices are n't actually abnormally low . 
  the us producers would take a price increase but not far above $ 60 the us goes back into mass leveraged expansion again . 
  obviously at some point in the future prices will go up again but there is no `` return to normal '' . 
  the current situation is the new normal for some time . 
  the problem with dutch disease is it really does n't correct so easily though . 
  unless you suddenly have stomach in russian political circles to keep oil wealth out of the hands of ordinary russians nothing will change . 
  the military might of the british empire was built on its industrialisation . 
  british steel accounted for more wealth than the colonies ever did for the uk . 
  if anything the empire was a grand scheme to steal from british tax payers to fund the hair brained schemes of the nobility . 
  stuff like the east india company bled money the entire time they existed and only turned a profit when the tax payer handed them a blank cheque . 
  getting rid of the empire caused a drastic increase in the wealth of the average british person . 
  i keep pointing out the polish economic figures as a minor miracle . 
  always poles who correct me about how terrible poland is . 
  yeah but we all agree britain is horrible . 
  we are immune to counter attack because nowhere is as bad as britain ( other than all those other places ) . 
  you need to actually have something worth exporting to export . 
  the problem is they 've agreed cuts many times . 
  the us market just keeps eating into those cuts without skipping a beat . 
  sa refused cuts because they have n't been working . 
  the saud 's do n't have the power to return prices to ` normal ' * . 
  that is what really kicked this off . 
  sa saying `` nope we ca n't do fuck all about this , every man for himself '' . 
  the us has pretty much proven it can keep expanding its output at $ 70 a barrel or so . 
  all the current situation has done is actually cause a huge efficiency drive in the us energy industry that makes it even more difficult to price fix than it was already . 
  * where normal is the artificial prices we 've suffered for decades . 
  czechia is finally not eastern . 
  i 'm convinced the balkans are some kind of fractal region of europe where infinite numbers of nations exist within finite area . 
  neither nation has any influence on oil price anymore . 
  that is why the price collapsed . 
  enough production is outside the control of opec that they no longer are able to direct global prices . 
  saudi arabia will always be able to produce oil profitably . 
  their problem is their state is funded based upon $ 100 barrels of oil . 
  they could stop dumping oil money into their state and start developing an actually economy . 
  any indication if this does anything for the plamsa instability issues ? 
  right now most alternative avenues for research into fusion are looking at what kind of chrome to put on a car that explodes every 30 seconds . 
  both hydroelectric and bike dynamos are kinetic power . 
  greenpeace are morons . 
  there are a lot of environmentalists who have it as an article of faith that the answer to sustainability has to be population reduction . 
  france should export skulls . 
  then eu can be glorious chaos empire . 
  thought this was going to be about hatred of the french . 
  i got all my insults ready for nothing :(, 
  the trajectory has changed though . 
  prior to this crisis , with the odd blip , the polling trend has gone from a 10 % sceptic lead to a large and growing pro-european lead . 
  the fall out from the refugee crisis has persisted longer than prior crises . 
  if support does n't improve it will be delayed . 
  cameron will hold the vote when he thinks he can get the result he wants . 
  putin pretty much makes a ritual of arresting alexei navalny at every election . 
  most of the serious opposition are either sent to siberia , often using archaic soviet laws that are still around for some reason , or forced to join putin 's umbrella organisation . 
  the actual independents allowed to run are the ones with no chance of ever winning . 
  i am altering the statue . 
  pray that i do not alter it any further . 
  putin basically eliminates any potentially realistic alternative with legal trickery on an ongoing basis . 
  approval ratings are always relative to alternatives . 
  he ensures there are no alternatives . 
  are there still mk 3s on the road ? 
  i 'm thinking about ditching my mk 5 . 
  in wales you drink beer until you feel you can bear comprehending the situation you 've got yourself into . 
  then introductions happen . 
  better enforcement of travel into britain provides a disincentive to even coming to france to begin with . 
  calais is the least terrible solution to the problem . 
  france and britain end with fewer people coming in .
