  there is no reason saving the banks has to be a get out of jail card for the bankers . 
  ideally this would be written into law ahead of time but governments have broad powers regardless . 
  yeah i 'm coming around to the idea that academic/bureaucratic inertia is the primary cause of these grand cycles . 
  governments reinforce their support structures with more and more people who believe in the new hotness . 
  then you end up with an echo chamber that causes the collapse of society . 
  then you spend 20 years explaining how the echo chamber is the problem . 
  then you make a new opposite lock echo chamber ready to cause the next crisis . 
  the last 5-10 years have really been the beginning of the end of thatcherite style economics . 
  it may take some time before that is accepted though . 
  the crazy thing is because these people wo n't give any ground they will be forced out of the room to fix the problem . 
  then society will have lost valuable perspective . 
  they are still arguing in favour of it . 
  the truth is austerity has been trumpeted from the safety of good times as an economic cure all since the 80s . 
  faced with its first real crisis it predictably fell to pieces . 
  it 'll be a long time before 30 + years of careers built on this kind of economics ends though . 
  the state is n't the only source but it is a source . 
  turn it off and you 'll naturally get lower growth . 
  it is like saying your right leg should n't be your sole source of running . 
  it is n't but if you cut the right leg off the left is n't going to achieve much . 
  that is n't the justification that was used here though . 
  the greek austerity program was purely about the economic fantasies of the ecb ( which they still hold to ) . 
  the greek program was designed to create growth , not primarily because they could n't afford otherwise . 
  of course a more cynical view is that greece were sold a lie while the restructuring program made other eu members safer from when greece finally collapse . 
  their government should have played brinkmanship on day one . 
  greece would have been much better off . 
  the imf are consistently the least hawkish on greece . 
  they just do n't have any real power in the discussion . 
  russia was n't going to go bankrupt any time during the recent crisis . 
  they have huge foreign currency reserves . 
  however they 've been forced to burn through those foreign currency reserves at an incredible rate . 
  they are also unlikely to ever get it back as fracking will pin oil prices relatively low now . 
  a default might lose greece more than the ez but carrying on probably hurts greece even more . 
  the banks should have been expropriated frankly . 
  then we could have looked at how to resolve the mess . 
  people talk about there being no other option but that is n't true . 
  well a russian response would bring a quicker end to the cold war this time . 
  if russia wants to spend all the money they have n't got on weapons it 'll hurt them more than anyone else . 
  without some serious rethink they are better off doing that . 
  this is coming to a head now because this is the best window to do it . 
  before they give up any more of their resources in compromises that wo n't see compromise given back to them . 
  well they did n't . 
  they did far worse than their supporters were predicting . 
  yeah vegetarians are entirely right about our treatment of animals . 
  my answer has always been `` i consider myself more important than animals '' . 
  however to take that stance you have to be open to alternatives like this when they present themselves . 
  i 'm not so important that i 'd keep inflicting pain if there is an alternative without it . 
  even if the meat is n't as good as natural meat i do n't always eat steak . 
  i can replace 70 % of my meat with it . 
  then there are the environmental considerations . 
  nope . 
  fuck that idea . 
  99 % of the fighting my nation does is of no value to me . 
  eventually your economy and migration will stabilise . 
  same happened with ireland . 
  why are all your letters upside down ? 
  i think it takes chance . 
  you ca n't really control who will have what traits genetically . 
  all you can do is cast a wide net and hope there is somebody with the appropriate characteristics within that net . 
  most people could n't manage a country if they were trained for a thousand years . 
  they are n't an education success . 
  they are a metric success . 
  education is about more than the regurgitation of facts . 
  the problem with pisa is they grade education at an irrelevant point . 
  it is like judging a hole digging contest after 5 minutes . 
  then criticising the person who went out to buy a shovel for being behind the man digging with his hands . 
  the nations that tend to win the pisa contests tend to use excessive hours and rote memorisation . 
  this is the education equivalent of digging a hole with your hands . 
  not only are such measures irrelevant but we knew when we started to reform education in the west that we 'd fall down the rankings . 
  monarchy is the worse kind of dictatorship . 
  one where you do n't even have a proper system to vet the dictators . 
  the problem is bad dictators are more common than populist leaders . 
  look at the history of the ussr . 
  all dictators , none of them actually good . 
  indeed the vast bulk of human trafficking is nothing to do with prostitution at all . 
  human trafficking is a cause that has been acquired by the anti-prostitution groups . 
  you do n't hear the same people harassing cockle picking operations . 
  democracy with a sane leader is as good as a benevolent dictatorship . 
  democracy is just better when you do n't have a sane leader . 
  ca n't find the one i 'm thinking of but there is the study which found that ukip was the most hated brand in britain and the poll which found ukip was the least liked and most hated among the parties . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/ukip-named-uks-most-hated-brand-followed-by-the-tories-and-marmite-10049886.html http://www2.politicalbetting.com/index.php/archives/2014/03/12/icm-poll-ukip-the-least-liked-and-most-disliked-party/, 
  nobody polled me either . 
  polls do n't work that way . 
  to be frank given what varoufakis has claimed elsewhere , that they do n't even have enough money to collect taxes , the only solution left for greece is to immediately default . 
  not one more payment because they just do n't have a functional state left . 
  no point selling any more family silver or making any more compromises when the state is already dead in the water . 
  default and move on . 
  whatever greece avoids giving away right now is something they can use to rebuild after the default . 
  everything left should be taken off the table and presented to the upcoming `` you just defaulted , now what ? '', 
  negotiations to come . 
  i 'd say the remarkable progress ireland has made is proof that every criticism thrown at the uk over ireland has been born out . 
  you do n't go from by far the poorest part of the uk to richer than the uk per person unless something shady was going on . 
  the time period as well is remarkable . 
  a transformation like that should take centuries . 
  75 % of the population picked ukip as their most hated political party . 
  they are n't liked by the public at large . 
  the way germany and italy behave with regards to defence is why nobody takes the idea of a european army seriously . 
  the biggest barrier to such a thing right now is the fact we can rely upon the us but not half the eu . 
   fortunately , nato will never be tested , so we wo n't have to find out what happens once article 5 has been invoked . 
  tbh this kind of thinking led to ww1 . 
  nato is absolutely untouchable and will never be tested provided we put out a moderately belligerent image .
