  this is not a crisis of all . 
  this is a system which has caused a net transfer from some to others . 
  the entire political agenda behind the euro was frankly bizarre . 
  it was always going to be the case that germany and a few others benefited massively at the expense of the weaker nations . 
  which germans are going to vote to end that ? 
  the whole project was predicated on the idea that when this crisis came it would force fiscal union and those honourable germans would fund the entire project as we transition . 
  the only flaw was if the germans decided they did n't in fact want to pay for this . 
  it is particularly flawed if the germans quite like benefiting from the situation as they are . 
  frankly mitterand shot europe in the foot . 
  the fall out from this could put an end to the european project in terms of `` ever closer union '' . 
  once greece leaves , which is now inevitable ( or for the sake of the greeks i hope it is ) , it will damage the whole idea of european monetary policy . 
   something along the lines of `` does n't mean the theory is wrong . 
  it means the application of it in the ussr was wrong . '' . 
  the usual reaction when ideology meets reality . 
  the theory of communism was always wrong . 
  people keep saying it was n't because they want to pretend they were n't wrong for decades of their life . 
  it is also easier to argue that than tell communists their ideas are utterly absurd . 
  communisms only successes came because the previous economy was an absolute monarchy desperately trying to keep everyone poor so they 'd have less power to rebel . 
  keynesian economics otoh was responsible for ending the great depression . 
  it has a good track record . 
  the problem was applying it to the baltics who frankly were always going to recover provided they had some relief in the interim . 
  any solution that handed temporary aid to the baltics would have worked . 
  their fundamentals were sound . 
  tbh ireland will be fine . 
  the uk would spend a lot of money to not have greece on its border . 
  the cost to save ireland is much lower than the cost of having a broken ireland next door . 
  not to mention that ireland is actually in quite good shape anyway . 
  the fundamental problem is the euro is causing the wealth of periphery nations to be sucked into the core . 
  politicians being absolutely spineless have , across the eu periphery , borrowed money to maintain the standard of living to which those nations have become accustomed . 
  nobody was prepared to face up to the intrinsic non-viability of the euro at creation other than the nations who stayed out ( france being an exception who believed this crisis would create a use rather than an utter disaster ) . 
  the crisis brought this all to a head . 
  now greece was in the worse position so when the grand debt shuffle happened the greeks ended up holding it all . 
  if they were n't in the euro it would have ended up with the next weakest position , probably portugal . 
  really letting greece go starts a process which will see the break up of the euro . 
  whether it takes years or decades is open to debate . 
  it depends heavily on the political will in the other periphery nations . 
  the sensible thing is for the other weaker nations to actually exit at the next safe window . 
  whether the portuguese government has the nerve to go to the public and say this is a completely different matter . 
  another option is kicking greece out and then fixing the problems in the euro . 
  this is essentially admitting you were wrong but `` fuck greece '' for political reasons . 
  it is entirely possible this will happen but the sense i 'm getting is that germany is prepared to ride this train to the terminus . 
  they are benefiting no matter how much debt gets wiped out . 
  as long as the break up is gradual rather than sudden . 
  i think syriza at this point are preparing for a euro exit . 
  people said what about communism ? 
  communism was a uniquely bad idea bereft of economic sanity from start to finish . 
  the baltics are outliers precisely because they are countries driven to poverty by communism . 
  the truth is there was never a real crisis in the baltics . 
  the specifics of how small nations operate mean they are rocked by financial tides but the fundamentals of having a population who work for very little money were always there . 
  they would have recovered no matter what they did . 
  or more correctly they were never far out of position to begin with . 
  small countries , particularly small countries from the former warsaw pact , are not a basis for anything . 
  nothing about their situation looks like anything on the mediterranean . 
  tbh the situation in the baltics was different to elsewhere . 
  dumping the living standard of the mediterranean to the baltics is about as much a solution as the death of 40 % of the population is a solution to a famine . 
  looks like greece will get there anyway but they should respond by exiting the mechanism that demands this result . 
  they only need to exit the euro once and will never have to suffer an internal devaluation ever again . 
  other mediterranean economies should look closely as this is them next time the economy has a hiccup ( if not sooner ) . 
  krugman made some silly claims about the situation in the north east but that does n't mean the theory is wrong . 
  it means krugman 's application of it is wrong . 
   k-man is purely repetitive and has an echo-chamber that repeats him mindlessly this is a stupid argument to begin with . 
  gravity is gmm/r ^ 2 no matter how many times you blog about gravity . 
  of course krugman repeats himself . 
  tbh the top post on the / r/economics thread had it right . 
  austerity v stimulus is entirely besides the point . 
  the problem greece has is the problem all weak actors in a currency block have . 
  the wealth flees the country as more competitive nations squeeze you without the option of devaluation as a release valve . 
  it works exactly the same in the us but they have a transfer union . 
  the eurozone can not work without a transfer union . 
  if greece gets rid of their state altogether it wo n't be enough . 
  the rest of the eu will continue to grind them to dust due to a lack of competitiveness . 
  you can not even reform without money . 
  improving competitiveness requires vast capital investment . 
  it is n't as simple as having more people living on the street to reduce the price of labour . 
  the only option for greece now is to leave . 
  that is also the only option for every other nation that is seeing the wealth drain out of their country . 
  whether soon from a position of strength or later on when they are forced as greece are . 
  we can now stop pretending that the eurozone works or that it even can work in the current iteration . 
  fiscal pacts wo n't achieve much because they wo n't solve the problem of stronger nations leaching the life blood out of the weaker ones . 
  the weaker ones will forever be struggling to pay for anything and thus will end up with a substandard life or huge debt . 
  the option is transfer union or everyone leave until germany , france and the netherlands are all that is left in . 
  the uk has cut almost nothing for 3 years . 
  in fact our economy did tank when the tories tried austerity . 
  for an entire year the tory back benches were in rebellion because the tories were n't doing austerity . 
  then they shut up when they saw the economy recovering . 
  the tories told everyone that austerity was the answer . 
  they 've since pretended to do austerity because whatever they do it has to now be called austerity . 
  the bulk of our deficit reduction is coming from economic growth . 
  right the argument so far has been . 
   op : i disagree with krugman for no apparent reason  sp : krugman is a nobel laureate . 
  you 'd better have a good reason for just casually dismissing him . 
  nothing is fallacious here . 
  the op has made a `` i have no argument '' fallacy and the second poster gave a reason why krugman might have a better argument than no argument . 
  he did n't try to debunk the original argument by an authority fallacy because there was no original argument . 
  talking about fallacies when the original argument was nothing more than `` krugman is wrong for reasons '' is absurd . 
  there can be no fallacy because there was no original argument . 
  a fallacy has to be aimed at something other than `` i 'm disregarding this because i disagree with it '' . 
  already have . 
  from / r/ukpolitics as well . 
  it is n't to say i wo n't go back to these subs at some point but for now i 'm out and seeing if there are alternatives that do n't act this way .
