  napoleon facilitator as well . 
   creating a rough unity that outlasted the horde . 
  somebody should tell novgorod . 
  then nato parks their armies as far west as possible and white peaces . 
  it is n't possible at all in the sci-fi sense of a solid sphere . 
  a dyson ring or swarm of some kind can be done though . 
  the primary issue is cost not safety . 
  nuclear simply costs too much to be a realistic option . 
  a more nuanced view is that doing it cheaply requires a massive operation on the size of the military or maybe the nhs . 
  there is n't a proper corporation that can do this . 
  not even the largest can deal with this kind of scale . 
  it needs a national project , not putting out for bidding to corporations that will never be able to encompass the scale we need for cost effectiveness ( if it were possible we will not allow a corporation to own 80 % of the electricity grid ) . 
  so it becomes realistically impossible in this era of free market radicalism . 
  in short the problem is political rather than technical . 
  moderate the free market radicalism to allow nations to run national energy projects on national scales and the cost of nuclear energy might become realistic again . 
  not being conquered by napoleon has benefits . 
  it favours those with money over those without . 
  communal ownership of infrastructure ( for both efficiency and basic principle ) was pretty well established even in the capitalist west in the time . 
  nothing says communal ownership like tolls . 
  certainly done in wales . 
  ha i knew the balkans and baltics were the same thing !, 
  yes ukraine has switched between systems via odd abuses of the power of the president to literally declare parts of the constitution illegal ( specifically the parts that limit the power of the president ) . 
  that is what actually caused this crisis to begin with . 
  the uk does n't claim to have single handedly defeated germany . 
  send a retired us aircraft carrier out to dwarf them . 
  militarily it is a regional power . 
  it is n't as if russia could successfully invade australia , brazil or even more local nations like pakistan . 
  huge amounts of research are still done in europe . 
  for the computing example , arm is british designed and is utterly dominating the computing sector . 
  science they focus explicitly on has always been decent . 
  outside of that they 've usually been ground zero . 
  it leads to a weird place where the ussr were competitive with the us in a few odd things and otherwise were n't any more advanced than some third world nations . 
  for instance the ussr was literally decades behind on computer research by the time of its fall . 
  not an exaggeration . 
  the entire logistics structure of the red army was built on american trucks . 
  without the trucks from the us the ussr has a few options : 1 . 
  use horses and legwork . 
  eliminating the incredible mobility advantage the red army had . 
  build its own trucks . 
  to do this they 'd have to cut production elsewhere . 
  given that the ussr received 400k trucks and jeeps while building ~ 100k tanks you do the numbers . 
  this red army is much smaller . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lend-lease#us_deliveries_to_the_ussr https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_production_during_world_war_ii#land_forces, 
  with pretty much the entire soviet supply chain being british bought and american built . 
  well it went from a presidential system to a parliamentary system . 
  lithuania was occupied by russia for centuries . 
  it wanted no part of it . 
  i 'm not sure sitting between one country that routinely invades , splits and annexes neighbours and one that has n't expanded for a century or so is useful . 
  please cut off a corner to represent gibraltar !, 
  nah looks like we 've dropped all the things we do n't want . 
  i reiterate  as if anything important is that far west . 
  it is all being driven by current events . 
  the greek crisis , the october bill affair and now the syrian refugees . 
  if the refugee crisis is resolved it 'll go back to being a large win . 
  cardiff is further east than that . 
  as if anything important is that far west . 
  the british youth have lived with immigrants their entire life . 
  why would they suddenly decide they are n't happy with it ? 
  the people bitching about immigration are largely the same people who were doing so when enoch powell was about . 
  yeah it is the retired who vote far right in britain . 
  in ets you simply drive on the wrong side of the road to avoid these people . 
  [ there is only one truth ] ( http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/imperial_truth ), 
  more than 90 % of the uk is empty . 
  france wanted to use inferior french engines and a carrier launch capability . 
  the b-2 is so weird that even today alien nuts insist it is a ufo . 
  it was actually funny seeing a ufo chasing documentary talk about all these sightings of ufos that looked suspiciously like the b-2 . 
  the conclusion was obvious the alien nuts said . 
  the b-2 is clearly based upon a captured ufo !, 
  transnistria is precisely why they will not be allowed to join . 
  nato does n't allow members with on going territorial disputes . 
  well by definition of the law of the sea it is always the fault of the smaller boat . 
  the only way it would ever be the fault of a larger vessel is if they were intentionally trying to ram the smaller boat under the law . 
  both wrong . 
  gdanzig is obviously russian . 
  ironically the us has adopted all the measures that led to vcjd . 
  something about not paying his taxes . 
  likely destroying the cannon itself . 
  loads of greens are welded to the idea that we 're all going to have to commit suicide to achieve energy sustainability . 
  fusion is detrimental to this goal masquerading as a solution . 
  i explained this to my work mate earlier . 
  they turned it on and stuff happened . 
  the norwegian sovereign fund is n't there for `` a rainy day '' though . 
  that might be the official explanation to the public . 
  the main reason it is there is handing oil money over to the public would hollow out the norwegian economy . 
  my grandfather was excommunicated . 
  that is my heritage . 
  i just started early with the not being part of a church . 
  tbh the reason a lot of national authorities are doing this is that adults chasing results send their kids down dead ends in terms of footballing skill . 
  the players that win at 12 ( usually the physically dominant players ) are rarely the same kind of players that win at 25 . 
  so nations take victory out of the picture at the ages where the wrong players would dominate . 
  spain have been doing this forever . 
  saudi arabia have n't done anything other than refuse to cut production again . 
  they are aware of the change of the reality and have decided to cut their ties with opec rather than make themselves a martyr . 
   why do you think supply and demand is a conspiracy ? 
  i do n't . 
  i 've been arguing for ages that what we are seeing is a free market in energy for the first time in ages . 
  people are so used to a rigged market that they call a free one rigged . 
  i keep waiting for this conspiracy of low oil prices everyone talks about to end . 
  we 're going to be here for a long time . 
  at least until opec can pull enough producers into the room that it can effectively fix prices again .
