  if you want a right wing journal worth the paper it is written on the economist is the only decent one i 've read . 
  the famous buildings are maintained at the expense of the tax payer in the uk as well . 
  we are in an historically rare situation in which the crown estate is actually making money so provides a surplus . 
  when the estate was taken over by the government it was bleeding money . 
  it was essentially a fiddle for the royal family to offload their expenses onto the tax payer . 
  the monarch thought he was getting the government to pay for maintenance while paying the royals for it . 
  the uk government over a long period of time turned the crown estate into an asset rather than a liability . 
  i 'd much prefer the spanish arrangement . 
  the uk is in the interesting position where tax payer money is the reason the crown estates make money . 
  yet people claim we do n't own it . 
  last time around all those were pro-eu last gasp . 
  the telegraph will almost certainly be so . 
  because cameron really does n't want to do anything . 
  the current game plan is to focus on stuff we ca n't change without leaving the eu . 
  then win the eu referendum ( given that all the media will be in the pro-eu camp baring the murdoch group ) . 
  then he can claim that the people have spoken and nothing can be done . 
  tbh i prefer shared tournaments . 
  though it would rob us the ability to wind up the english this year . 
  good luck with that one . 
  the primary cause of the fall out is who owns and runs the game . 
  all the other issues are basically a pretext for that larger argument . 
  the trigger that has caused this current fall out is a combination of : 1 . 
  a report which condemned the management at the regions . 
  some of them could n't even product business plans of any kind a year or so ago . 
  the wru have essentially decided the regions are not really even trying to be professional . 
  conditions on the ground have made the situation more dangerous . 
  the italians want a fair share of the pro12 funding or they are leaving . 
  the english and french clubs tore up the hec tournament which provided a core chunk of funding . 
  the debate has been centred around the different perspectives on this situation . 
  the wru believe the regions are n't competent to manage this and thus all their offers of new deals have essentially been tied to management changes which brings the rrw more under their rule . 
  the rrw blame the wru for the whole thing and think the wru should just give them extra money and more control . 
  when it boils down to it though , every crisis revives the old debate about private clubs v wru franchises . 
  right now william is n't in charge of anything . 
  that is the point . 
  he does n't have a position of authority yet . 
  once he is prince of wales and duke of cornwall he 'll be out from under the management of others . 
  i 'm not saying he 'll screw it up but it is then it 'll be apparent if he does . 
  we do n't really know what william believes . 
  he 's grown up in the world of the royal pr machine . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how he behaves once he is the heir to the throne . 
  when ukip are n't the threat . 
  every sane person can see that the commonwealth migration is a much bigger problem than eu migration . 
  however the former is a good honest british institution while the latter is some french thing . 
  do n't be surprised . 
  germany wants this as well . 
  as usual we are being left to be the bearer of bad news . 
  i personally dislike this policy . 
  it is rank with political opportunism . 
  however i think it has a fair chance of passing . 
  the normal mechanisms will apply . 
  people will decry british arrogance before quietly doing what they want to do anyway . 
  just about every nasty thing we 've done is massively popular among decision makers . 
  war was expensive in 1914 . 
  one of the arguments why war could n't happen back then was how dependent the great powers were upon each other economically . 
  i 'd prefer jacobins myself . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the royals have been fighting a successful pr campaign ever since diana died . 
  right now we are far more likely to remove the vote than remove the monarch . 
  that is a lot of good will for even charles to burn . 
  it really depends on what type of monarch william would be . 
  he could inherit a throne in more danger than it has ever been . 
  smiling would be holding a political position . 
  my country used to have a monarch . 
  sadly it still does . 
  the ease at automating a job is a function of how well defined that job is . 
  a maid has to deal with a potentially unbound number of unknowns . 
  what happens if a child comes home with a stab wound ? 
  probably not in the job description but a maid would be expected to have some kind of sensible response to this . 
  certainly if the maid is the only person there and they ignored the stab wound to keep cleaning i see a p45 in their future . 
  however i think a relatively high number of jobs fit this description . 
  including medical diagnosis . 
  which is why i think a lot of these jobs will just get the same `` machine with human making judgement calls '' model rather than straight up automation . 
  particularly with doctors you wo n't even be able to eliminate many doctors via expert machines . 
  the whole system is bottlenecked by interaction with the patient . 
  probably lds just because everyone else is determined to vote against them . 
  it is nice having pr . 
  never !, 
  the sword arm must face on coming travellors !, 
  operation shining delusion . 
  we would keep a tiny sliver of channel around the whole lot and call it the continent of britannia . 
  well the franks were really germans anyway . 
  so it was done by gallic roman germanic vikings . 
  tbh it is n't anything to do with social science either . 
  fitt 's law is hardly a social science . 
  you implied it heavily . 
  most product usability is a science . 
  the biggest problem is loads of people have n't actually studied the very real science behind it . 
  also loads of people ca n't actually write software very well so once they make a shitty interface they are afraid to fix it . 
  only somebody who has never been involved in user interface design could claim it is primarily an art . 
  long term immigrants successfully integrated . 
  science for its own sake is great . 
  it wo n't directly . 
  what it does is favour growth in industries rather than growth from asset shifting . 
  long term this will reduce the amount of money people have tied up in the housing market and that will increase people 's purchasing power . 
  it will be a bit of a bumpy ride for some people in the shorter term . 
  it will increase the spread of the knowledge of how to break the filters . 
  which will in turn lead to greater exposure of kids to the more vile areas of the internet that they current do not know exists . 
  the theoretical benefits of these filters are fine if you ignore the reality that the filters wo n't actually work . 
  the only reason the existing filters are non-controversial is nobody uses them . 
  the real question is if the boe has to raise interest rates before the election or not .
