  while the us deficit actually comes down as they spend more there will be no natural road block . 
  an artificial road block via debt ceilings might derail them and cause problems . 
  well the us has done what is commonly accepted for nearly a century as the right thing . 
  europe has done something interesting that is usually considered a terrible idea . 
  tbh russia does n't really demonstrate anything of the sort . 
  russia ended a decade of complete uselessness by arresting their fall . 
  if they negotiate the end of their energy reserves in this system then maybe . 
  china otoh faces the issue of how do you lead development of new ideas when your world view is one of subservience . 
  tbh i do n't think this is a problem provided that it is one referendum that covers the whole population rather than 28 referendums that could fail . 
  it would add legitimacy to the process without giving any individual nation undue power . 
  i do n't know whether it is a good or bad thing . 
  it is a different thing . 
  better for some things and worse for others . 
  without the variety of extra punctuation context becomes more critical in communication . 
  however it makes english easier to write as a result . 
  technically all state schools in the uk have to begin each day with a prayer . 
  everyone just ignores the law . 
  if you are an overrated artist you can sell more records if you can present an image as some kind of philanthropist . 
  best you do n't even have to actually spend any money on it . 
  yes but we might be more enthusiastic about europe if it involved more military . 
  english is as it is because it is a living language rather than one defined by some academic and enforced . 
  nobody knows all the rules . 
  this language is now the most common in international relations . 
  it is britain 's final joke on the whole planet . 
  tbh punctuation is a dying art in english . 
  i can see it going even further with the rise of the internet . 
  we 'll see short sentences and odd commas become the norm . 
  also it kind of misses out that ireland got an exceptional deal because the uk offered money above and beyond what nations that did n't share a border with the uk were getting . 
  that combined force massively reduced the risk in bailing out ireland and is why they 've had a favourable deal . 
  it is n't as if the ecb did it out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  the situation was very different in ireland because its economy is more intertwined with britain 's than the greek economy is with say germany . 
  fuck i 've got over 150k karma and i would n't call myself a power user . 
  merely incredibly persistent at claiming my free +1 for each comment . 
  do that over 5 years and you get karma . 
  you could offer to help britain invade various places in exchange for eu reforms . 
  reform list includes : 1 . 
  centralise the employment market . 
  establish common currency . 
  create free movement block . 
  normalise services market . 
  reform the agricultural system . 
  establish defence block . 
  rationalise parliament . 
  transfer trade powers . 
  revoke the veto . 
  establish the federation . 
  is it in coring range ? 
  maybe they need to push their claims on russia and india before they can core ? 
  you could fit 199115826 belgiums on the surface of the sun . 
  the radius of the sun is 695500km . 
  surface area of sphere = 4\u03c0r ^ 2 surface area of sun = 6078607935170.5 km ^ 2 surface area of belgium = 30528km ^ 2 number of belgiums on sun = 6078607935170.5 / 30528 = 199115826 / / edit - wolfram alpha concurs http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=surface+area+of+the+sun+%2f+belgium+area, 
  some chinese companies leased the land . 
  my local pub used to run regular trips to brains brewery . 
  i 've never seen so many people interested in learning about the basic chemistry of beer making . 
  given my knowledge of eu4 , russia should prepare to have all their manpower destroyed by rebellions . 
  then they get conquered by latvia . 
  it is a chinese drink that is carried in chinese pottery . 
  there is nothing more british . 
  i 'd have said the cup of tea . 
  a cult of personality in russia ? 
  when has that ever happened ? 
  the bubble was caused by exuberant leveraging based upon faulty pricing information created by dodgy mechanisms in which banks diluted their bad debt in with good debt . 
  stimulus is little to do with it . 
  we had a mechanism who 's only value was momentum and an environment in which the person who said `` this stuff is n't worth the paper it is written on '' would find themselves ostracised and maybe even facing criminal charges . 
  the graph is from amnesty international . 
  fwiw homosexuality is a complete non-issue in the uk . 
  the only issue seems to be that the coe wants to override the clear cut democratic will of the public . 
  it is a pretty good turn around from where we were 60 years ago . 
  stimulus is n't making a bubble . 
  it is not shooting yourself in the foot . 
  the us will rightly benefit from not being daft during the recession . 
  if my law was in place hitler would have been unable to persecute the communists and never would have had a majority to pass the various laws he did . 
  particularly because i 'd require a super majority to change the constitution . 
  he might have still seized power in violent revolution but he would not have been able to turn the mechanisms of the state against itself . 
  otoh if hitler took power today he would n't even need procedural trickery . 
  the tools he needs are enshrined in the german constitution . 
  i did n't say `` hitler did it too '' i said this is a mechanism by which a new hitler could seize control of the system . 
  there is absolutely no technical difference between banning people we like and banning people we do n't like . 
  it is better to not allow anyone to be banned and put restrictions in place against such an occurrence . 
  i seek to avoid banning of parties to preserve democracy because historically that is how democracy has failed . 
  not because evil men are able to gain power but because the ability to ban opposition has been available to them . 
  this goes all the way back to the times of rome where political opponents could face trumped up charges to eliminate the wrong kind of senator from the body . 
  i 'm not saying your system is unethical and therefore should n't happen . 
  i 'm saying your system is more likely to cause the end you are trying to avoid than not having the system . 
  it also happens to be unethical on top of being useless . 
  it literally enshrines the mechanisms by which you can best destroy democracy . 
  sorry i disagree . 
  everyone likes to point to nazi germany but i 've made a rebuttal to that elsewhere . 
  in fact banning parties was precisely how hitler destroyed democracy . 
  if it was impossible for hitler to ever ban or harass communist opposition then he 'd never have achieved the numbers needed to pass his legislation . 
  it is incredibly ironic that people now turn to the mechanisms of hitler to ensure hitler can not return . 
  if the gd or similar ever achieve power the politicians need to think what they would do with the powers that they have now normalised . 
  they can even claim that they are n't being evil , the liberals agree with those powers after all . 
  yes i disagree with the german stance on this . 
  the enabling act came about largely because hitler was able to name his opposition as enemies to the state . 
  in the key votes he was unopposed because the communists were too busy hiding from the police . 
  the mechanisms they are using to stop a new hitler are the ones hitler used to achieve power . 
  in a proportional system like germany all that is required to defend the constitution are strong protections of political parties against being labelled enemies and a required super majority to amend the constitution itself . 
  as it stands all a new party has to do is stack the constitutional court with their members and you have a new nazi germany . 
  very dangerous policy and ill thought out .
