  we 've already banned all other forms of tobacco marketing in the uk . 
  all the evidence suggests plain packaging works . 
  they would n't be kicking up a fuss if it did n't work . 
  [ this is how they vote in austria ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/stimmzettel-anschluss.jpg ), 
  yes but all the polling works on universal swing calculations . 
  it turned out swing was not universal . 
  to be fair eastern europe has seen an upswing due to ukraine . 
  the only real problem with the leopard 2 compared to its contemporaries in nato is that challenger 2 and the abrams were designed from the start for composite armour . 
  the plates are basically strapped onto the leopard 2 . 
  there is apparently a degree of weakness caused by this . 
  all three are miles ahead of the russians . 
  the russians have taken a very different approach to armour . 
  they use explosive armour which is `` as good '' as composites while it holds up . 
  however the fact your armour is throwing shit around rather than being a solid block means you can defeat it via attrition far more quickly . 
  the new russian tanks wo n't simply melt before they get into range to trade , they will trade unevenly once in range though . 
  the problem with the uk election was trying to judge a 4/5 way split with systems designed for binary politics . 
  the election turned on which ukip voters grew up and voted for their normal party and which way the ld defections went . 
  nobody predicted that both would end up favouring the tories . 
  we wo n't get any reform in the current circumstances though . 
  even reasonable reform . 
  germany and france will be keen to give cameron nothing . 
  i think they may even do the unprecedented and say `` we 've given you nothing '' when cameron tries to spin nothing into a grand victory . 
  the best way forward for the eu is to utterly humiliate the eurosceptic movement . 
  with polling as it is they can have their cake and eat it . 
  if cameron gets nothing and the british population still vote to stay in then it will kill the movement simply due to demographics . 
  if a reform agenda works then the message to the uk is we can adjust europe every 20 years or so with a referendum . 
  we 'll get a new breed of euroscepticism which believes we can dictate via the threat of leaving . 
  a generation of young british people who are currently very pro-european will be given a very good reason to become sceptics . 
  the worse possible result for the eu is setting a precedent that the uk can change the rules by threatening to leave . 
  the second worse result is the uk leaving . 
  the best result is absolutely hammering the eurosceptics . 
  not just beating them but discrediting the very idea that this kind of politics can achieve change . 
  if that happens the natural demographics of euroscepticism will put an end to this forever . 
  i think that phase of it pretty much was . 
  what came after gets more complicated but nobody denies that the final year of the french monarchy was utterly insane . 
  i mean brissot had an open policy of starting war with austria so that enemies home and abroad could be broken . 
  at the time austria had actually been praising the french constitution of 1791 as a model for what monarchy should look like . 
  despite feeling inside france most of europe at worst hoped the revolution would break france . 
  in the more general case people were eyeing poland as the real battle ground in europe . 
  brissot pushed for france to make it utterly impossible for austria to not declare war on them with their ultimatum over the rhineland electors and the french exiles . 
  louis supported this because he wanted war with austria so that the revolutionaries would get killed . 
  then madness happened and brissot went from a war mongering lunatic to the person closest to the political centre ground . 
  danton , revolution during a war of choice , mass execution of all the prisoners in paris . 
  you are denying that napoleon raised 200k men specifically to invade britain ? 
  i know our propaganda about napoleon was bullshit . 
  however france did declare war first . 
  also while britain certainly started the third war it was because napoleon spent the entire peace period planning an invasion of britain . 
  i mean when you create something called arm\u00e9e d'angleterre it will cause a few raised eye brows . 
  the french republic celebrated beheading loius by declaring war on the uk , netherlands and spain . 
  we did not start it . 
  indeed the official british position was to laugh at the french and germans killing each other . 
  france ate itself and then declared war on half of europe . 
  the whole city is propped up by housing benefits . 
  it needs to be seriously curtailed . 
  businesses can pay # 35k a year for burger flipping . 
  europe generally has rubbish laws . 
  all the talk of culture is utter rot . 
  if americans would be hounded by debt the rest of their lives following a failed business venture they 'd be conservative as well . 
  europe has too much regulation and not enough bankruptcy protection . 
  to get a start up culture you have to accept that there are going to be more bankruptcies than successes ( though the successes will hopefully be worth more than the bankruptcies cost ) . 
  then you have to create laws fit for that reality . 
  i 'm suddenly concerned for ethnic russians in armenia . 
  why are you oppressing the innocent russians ? 
  best option is romania annex them both . 
  nope . 
  european empire or go home . 
  i 'm talking at nightclubs . 
  i see women wearing what are fucking pyjama bottoms to clubs . 
  service sector integration basically involves moving towards european standard regulation and licensing for all aspects of service markets . 
  right now the vast bulk of services have a uk license , a french license a german license , etc. 
  this makes cross eu sales problematic as a company needs to put all its staff through all this extra bureaucracy to be able to trade abroad . 
  germany have been resisting integration because the german service sector is weak and they want it stronger before opening it to competition . 
  it has been about a decade at this point since blair tried to get this and germany are no closer on this front . 
  service sector integration is the big one from a british perspective . 
  we are economically hamstrung by germany consistently rejecting service sector integration until a time that suits it . 
  having our economic advantage pushed out by a protectionist germany while they can sell their cars to everyone is a major sore point and obvious flaw in the economic union . 
  if cameron has any sense at all his focus will be on this rather than something unrealistic like trying to undo parts of the union . 
  we 'd actually : 1 . 
  be entirely right . 
  have allies . 
  achieve something of great value for the uk and others in our position . 
  push forward european integration in a positive way that could be presented to the public . 
  i 've noticed hordes of women going out dressed in their pyjamas . 
  i still have n't worked this one out . 
  can you not afford a skirt or jeans ? 
  can the man on the left not afford socks ? 
  things are worse in england than i imagined . 
  the transformation in ireland in only a few short years is dramatic . 
  i know the paedophile scandals hit the church hard there but ireland is doing pretty much a straight 180 on religion . 
  it was more education was done privately with tutors as opposed to in public . 
  nah the emperor will walk among us again by then . 
  some will question our right to deport a million aliens . 
  those who understand know we have no right to let the immigrate . 
  yes she is n't stupid . 
  she 's doing both at the same time . 
  so she 's raking in the `` i 'm younger than 30 and look good '' money while also going through the apprenticeship/slavery stage . 
  excellent . 
  it will be much easier to kick out the west walians without england interfering . 
  grand union of gib money , remove kebab . 
  you guys would be insane to join the uk having left it and done so well .
