it drove the moderates away . 
  however that left you with the communist parties dominated by the 4th international lunatics just waiting for the global revolution . 
  they saw prague through the lens of global revolution and that is why they supported the invasion . 
  it was certainly the beginning of the end of hard core socialism in the west and the trigger for the subsequent rise of social democracy . 
  politicians are always trying to keep oil prices down in the west . 
  nobody here benefits from high primary resources prices . 
  he is right that there are political forces . 
  those of the house of saud . 
  it was a good reason however it is not why we fought ww2 . 
  we fought ww2 so british and french domination of europe would not end . 
  same reason we fought ww1 . 
  we did not care about serbia in ww1 and we did not care about poland ( or the jews for that matter ) in ww2 . 
  if we cared about poland we would not have betrayed them at yalta . 
  as it is when we fought ww2 we happened to be up against the worse imaginable regime so it is fortunate that our real politik needs aligned with ethics . 
  north korea is being screwed by the kims . 
  if we did n't intervene the whole of korea would now be being screwed by the kims . 
  blame the dprk regime , blame china for propping them up . 
  it certainly is n't our fault . 
  against . 
  i 'd be for sending food , fuel , medical aid , etc to ukraine certainly . 
  sending military supplies ? 
  only if nato and the eu can agree on commitment to this policy . 
  sending a few crates of m-16s wo n't help but would be a huge propaganda win for russia . 
  if we supply then we do so in force until the job is done . 
  keeping the sanction regime on russia remains vital however . 
  there are antibiotics and bandages within the humanitaritanks . 
   the eu does not have consent to govern ( 1978 was explicitly about common market ) the common market already included farm subsidies , free trade , free movement of people and common fisheries . 
  indeed free movement of labour was a founding principle of the whole enterprise . 
  this is a huge part of the whole misinformation campaign . 
  people talk about maastricht without knowing what was actually in that treaty . 
  i have n't said it is that simple . 
  i 'm saying most people 's knowledge of the eu are just outrageous lies and half truths invented by the mail i 've used the example of being taught that 2 +2 = 5 because that is precisely most people 's education on the topic . 
  they 've been told all their lives that the eu regulates bendy bananas and bans christmas . 
  people believe the eu regulates bendy bananas and other such nonsense they 've been taught by the daily mail . 
  this is why they gave up all that land after the nazis were defeated . 
  people forget that most of the holocaust was the nazi 's panicking that they 'd never be able to implement their final solution . 
  they rushed this when it was clear they 'd lose and still managed to kill that many people . 
  i think the death toll might have gotten to 100m people when you actually see the sheer number of people hitler wanted gone . 
  if poland had lasted longer maybe the phoney war becomes not so phoney . 
  britain and france might have invaded germany in 1939 if they felt the polish forces could hold out longer . 
  well they do n't actually know what the eu does and does n't do . 
  it is impossible to know if 2 +2 is good for you when you 've been told all your life it adds up to 5 . 
  salami tactics will work just fine against russia . 
  they are n't going to start a nuclear war with china which would destroy both nations over manchuria . 
  russia does n't even have an alliance with china . 
  they 've got a deal with china to sell them oil at rock bottom prices if europe embargoes them . 
  not really much of an alliance . 
  in all likelihood if russia declines china will be the one demanding the return of outer manchuria rather than supporting russia . 
  we 'd likely see a complete inversion of the treaty of aigun . 
  give us outer manchuria in peace or risk war and losing crimea , ossetia , abkhazia and chechnya as well . 
  i do n't think russia wants the nato expansion . 
  it just can not see past its own short term looking real politik . 
  russia has been in this cycle for centuries . 
  does n't even matter if it is an empire , union or federation . 
  behaves exactly the same way in terms of external politics . 
  you have to remember that the far left in much of the west cheered in 1968 . 
  we called the communists `` tankies '' in the uk for how they defended tanks rolling into prague . 
  the strange view of the world is nothing new . 
  we were heavily driving events while tony blair was pm . 
  a million years from now an alien race will stumble upon this system and be baffled by the number of probes randomly stuck to rocks everywhere . 
  jeb is putting this baby down , one way or another !, 
  one place or another !, 
  these days it is just an excuse to launch explosives into the air . 
  i doubt anyone cares too much about the context . 
  i was just pointing out the history was not all black and white . 
  it really depends which perspective you are looking at it from . 
  from the irish perspective i can understand anger at the reasons this exists . 
  from the british perspective it represents surviving centuries of being threatened by spain and france at the behest of a dude in a funny hat in rome . 
  yes i was just asking the question of if it was possible for there to be a form of alliance that is actually ethical in the broad sense . 
  the reason we reject russia 's claim is because eastern europe actively want to be in our interest sphere . 
  they are also free to leave at any point . 
  if poland decided that russia 's repression of rights and democracy is what it wants then it can join the russian sphere as far as we are concerned . 
  in this context drawing an equivalence between an imperial sphere of coercion and an open sphere which nations join by choice is bizarre . 
  it is also why putin is playing up the traditional values and anti-gay line . 
  he 's trying to create a picture of his own ethical sphere to muddy the reality . 
  yeah and this is the real problem with the whole eurozone . 
  nothing is done with any conviction . 
  if you want to hammer people betting against the euro then it is within the power of the eu to do so . 
  however it might have to do things that will have consequences elsewhere . 
  softly , softly is not a macro economic policy . 
  you are dealing with trying to shift the weight of the entire economy . 
  you can not nudge an elephant around . 
  it wo n't go anywhere and will eventually swat you once it is bored . 
  all the betting against the euro is signally precisely one thing . 
  nobody in the markets is convinced that the eu has the conviction to save themselves . 
  put your economy under your pillow and the confidence fairy will visit you while you sleep . 
  to be fair from a certain perspective there is a sphere game going on . 
  it is just that nobody sane is going to accept any kind of ethical equivalence between the liberal world and the insanity of russia . 
  the west is openly pursuing exactly what people said we should have been doing during the cold war . 
  propping up systems that are democratic and liberal . 
  demanding reform for those nations that seek to be in our club . 
  it is a sphere of common interests rather than an imperial sphere . 
  at this point i 'm not sure what the biggest fear from russia is . 
  that it can not convince others that poverty and repression is a good thing or that it can not convince its own public . 
  what it does n't want is a successful liberal poland on its border that will give russians ideas . 
  the lords used to be powerful . 
  the reason they are n't any more is they spent a century trying to block the rights of the public in the 19th and early 20th century . 
  eventually the king told the lords he 'd create 400 liberal peers overnight if the lords blocked passage of the parliament act . 
  the only change i 'd make to the status of the parliament act is maybe force one of the votes to be 66 % rather than an outright majority . 
  well forts only let you get ruined for longer periods of time .
