  you 'll get stability because a 5 % swing in votes would mean a 5 % swing in power rather than a 90 % swing in power . 
   i think there is also a complete disregard for what the route ukip wants to take will do for the millions of british living overseas . 
  nothing will happen because ukip want to join the eea which has the same freedom of movement requirements . 
  people need to understand that ukip do n't remotely care about immigration . 
  that is just a platform for them to push their agenda . 
  ukip care about the things the tories also bitch about . 
  that being the social charter , human rights and employment regulation . 
  if we were to leave the eu but join the eea we 'd be able to do things like get rid of the echr and abolish the working time directive . 
  both of which would be harmful to the british public of course . 
  go ask the average british person if they want to work hours longer than 48 hours a week and the vast majority will tell you no . 
  it needs to be made clear that the tory `` renegotiation '' has n't said squat about freedom of movement but has touched upon the wtd . 
  it will unquestionably drive up costs . 
  if the russian goods were priced similarly to the western equivalents then this ban would not be necessary . 
  the problem with autarky is it inevitably boils down to reducing your investment in what you are good at making in order to increase your investment in that which you are bad at making . 
  this would actually be a sensible compromise . 
  ideally germany ( and other fiscally sound economies ) would make internal investments twice as large as external austerity . 
  however being real it will be a struggle to achieve even this limited request . 
  it wo n't be enough alone though . 
  right now the problem is inflation in the euro is too low . 
  the ecb has to commit to seeing its treaty responsibilities of 2 % inflation are met . 
  hugging the lower boundary of 1 % inflation is abuse of the intent of the policy . 
  if ebola breaks out we wo n't have enough resources to properly quarantine and screen all the people who get it . 
  honestly if a dog might be infected the correct procedure is to kill the dog . 
  sad as it is . 
  there are actual physical differences at play though . 
  the type of muscle fibre that is good for say explosive running actually is n't all that great at actual peak strength . 
  there is a clear disparity in incidence of the relevant genes between various populations . 
  non-white people do n't do particularly well in these events even when they live in rich countries . 
  same as white people do n't do particularly well at sprinting even in white dominated nations . 
  that man was a beast . 
  he 'd come into strong man events with 5 % body fat . 
  i do not know how this is possible . 
  north europe strong !, 
  smash puny south europe !, 
  there should be write downs but for every $ 1 shaved off there should be $ 3 in qe . 
  mercantilism worked so well the first time . 
  goodness knows why we bothered with this free trade thing . 
  britain fought centuries of wars over not being english . 
  everyone hated each other . 
  then the english said `` look ok we 'll be british then '' and everyone got along with absolutely no bankruptcies forcing their hands whatsoever . 
  that is how important not being english is . 
  the dm is quite creative . 
  greatest continuing work of fiction in the history of our great nation . 
  obviously we should have a greater european empire !, 
  for a safer , more liberal , society . 
  also i think if you dress it up with enough pomp you 'd sell it in the uk better . 
  i 'd like the british passport to be in french . 
  hearing the ukipers whinge would be amazing . 
  better get a bulk rate on wedding cake . 
  cracking down on corruption requires hiring people to actively hunt the corrupt . 
  the reason corruption is so rife the world over is generally the cost of fighting corruption is higher than the cost of corruption . 
  nations have to make vast long term investments in pursuing a mutual scorched earth policy before it starts to break even . 
  you need to establish a history of irrational behaviour such that corruption seems like a terrible idea because the government will bleed to death stopping you . 
  if greece had the money for this and pursued it for a generation then it 'd start to see the cost of doing so fall . 
   it 's not so outlandish to expect the would-be-recipients to do as much as they can to fix this first before asking for permanent transfers to fix the reasonable imbalances . 
  the problem in this case was always that it costs vast sums of money to undertake the reforms . 
  so you need to do both simultaneously . 
  you mean when you play as napoleon you do n't immediately declare war on maria theresa ? 
  a french-american ... 
  surely we had wars about this ? 
  they have to give stuff away because they also hate the french . 
  do n't you know the nus is the most important body in existence ? 
  they deliver cheap beer and do other stuff nobody cares about . 
  however cheap beer along makes them at least as important as the eu . 
  yes it was what i was thinking of . 
  they need to encourage more of this somehow . 
  how do they think the west actually manages it ? 
  a deal with the devil ? 
  stalin reduced the number of starving people in the ukraine by many millions . 
  not if it reaches escape velocity . 
  remember a lot of ukip support is also the ongoing long death of bipartisan politics in the uk . 
  the public are incredibly angry at the whole system and ukip is one of the ways it is manifesting . 
  particularly as it seems like the bipartisan lock is used to stifle all debate on the eu . 
  nobody has said germany is still suppressing their wages . 
  this was done in the 6/7 years before the crash . 
  ideally german wages would grow faster than they have done since the crash though . 
  i doubt any amount of any legalistic wrangling will alter hearts and minds . 
  if you want to make the eu into a nice cohesive family the only way is to have british , german and french people regularly getting drunk , discussing how rubbish/great some band is and having sex and accidental children . 
  do that for some generations and suddenly everyone will have a german aunt and an italian uncle . 
   it has not , however , stopped cameron 's negative approach to the european union causing long term damage . 
  cameron 's negative approach has n't done anything . 
  the eu is clear that cameron 's scepticism is a sham designed to hold off ukip . 
  what weakens the uk 's position is that such a sham is even necessary . 
  regardless the reason for cameron 's incoherent babble is he does n't actually want change . 
  what he wants is the appearance of a man standing up to the eu while not actually doing so . 
  his position is as false as putin calling poland fascist . 
  it is n't meant to be a serious statement of intent but mere propaganda for domestic consumption . 
  germany pushing down their own wages creates a comparative advantage even if their wages are still higher . 
  nobody pretends greece is doing everything right . 
  only that the german model is obviously wrong . 
  it is n't entirely obvious what the final solution is . 
  only that starving greece is blatantly detrimental to germany in the long run . 
  if putin had this much sway he could just take all the money off all the oligarchs tomorrow . 
  the question is if he can do this why has n't he ? 
  i do n't think the issue with the race to the bottom is necessarily about competing for favour . 
  there are huge issues with globalisation that companies will bully states to reduce tax rates , give subsidies and alter laws . 
  this is more the whole invisible hand thing at work . 
  as greek labour costs decrease a person looking to get their house painted is more likely to favour a greek than a german . 
  or perhaps more realistically a builder is more and more likely to import workers from greece than use german labour . 
  or even that a greek construction company is suddenly charging less than a german construction company .
