  however it would be incredibly tricky . 
  russia could easily find themselves permanently opposed by the current big three . 
  it would be dangerous to the union to have a member with such theoretical strength that everyone else has to permanently oppose them . 
  i think the only relationship with russia could be some kind of permanent association . 
  however it would mean tearing up nato . 
  i ca n't see the us tolerating the influence it would give russia . 
  i think association agreements for now is a good middle ground . 
  though the eu has problems beyond corruption . 
  it is in that fuzzy spot of stuff rome owned that is outside what we 'd call the normal borders . 
  in truth europe is roughly the stuff that was n't kebab at the time of ww1 . 
  if europe had been drawn in roman times it 'd be much larger . 
  horses were ever the bane of rome . 
  when rome went that direction in the real world they had numidian cavalry backing them up . 
  r : tw never really covered the fact that the legions basically had all manner of conquered people giving them soldiers to deal with stuff the romans felt was beneath them . 
  pretty much the poland of the caucasus . 
  has been conquered many times without dying . 
  it refers essentially to areas necessary for the defence of the nation . 
  spain could argue that the existence of gibraltar makes it easier for another nation to invade them . 
  vinegar is an acid . 
  also it is entirely possible that the base is so small that any increase is meaningless . 
  if the average is 1 case then 2 extra pissed off people triples the figures . 
  your city is named after cincinnatus . 
  a roman hero and paragon of republican virtue as a man who chose to lay down his power ( man was a farmer who saved rome as a hobby ) . 
  i believe americans drew parallels to washington who similarly was offered to be king of the new state . 
  not something that you 've given the world but it is the coolest thing i know about cincinnati . 
  the rise of london to what it is today roughly corresponds with the fall of the empire . 
  if anything the empire was built upon the industrial revolution which greatly evened the wealth of the uk and diluted the influence of london . 
  that is the problem with scotland . 
  london is a lot bigger than rome so you 'd expect crime to be worse . 
  i think singling out a particular city , especially one as iconic as rome , is a bit sad though . 
  i think we should only single out tourist destinations when their laws and institutions are an offence to right thinking people . 
  such as the mess in dubai where you go to prison for being raped . 
  whatever issues rome has i 'm at least relatively confident that in principle the italian state is opposed to them . 
  the market really does n't work that way . 
  as long as russia can sell somewhere it will make roughly what the oil is worth . 
  that is how fungible products operate economically . 
   russia is a special case because it 's european . 
  i honestly ca n't understand why people fail to grasp this . 
  nobody cares about the islamic societies because we are n't associated with them . 
  the same way we did n't care too much that japan came clean with every vile thing they did in ww2 . 
  we are far more critical of our cousins than outsiders and for good reason . 
  we are associated with russia in the same way people associate iraq , iran and saudi arabia ( three very different countries ) in europe . 
  throwing france and the italians in with the iberians seems incredibly silly . 
  the cultures are very different . 
  france in particular has been far more defined by its relationship with germany and britain than with iberia . 
  italy more with greece . 
  also you realise portugal might well have gone the way of the other iberian kingdoms as mere regions of the castilian empire without england ? 
  the same principles apply in the uk i think . 
  the whole concept of the sovereign integrity of a nation is a bit of an illusion . 
  if scotland were to leave the uk it would provoke welsh nationalism and that would soon become a serious question . 
  particularly because for many people scotland brings some degree of balance , real or imagined , to what is otherwise an english empire . 
  it would also normalise the concept of secession and demonstrate , one way or another , the viability of it . 
  the question would no longer be unanswered . 
  if catalonia were to leave i suspect it would incite the basques . 
  suddenly it looks much more like a castilian empire rather than a union of peoples . 
  germany did n't mend anything but ran a beggar thy neighbour policy . 
  germany is pretty much reversing its reforms now with their wages growing faster than everyone else in europe . 
  it was a disastrous mistake to retrench like they did . 
  though certainly it benefited them at the expense of everyone else . 
  if everyone did what germany did all you 'd achieve is poverty . 
  not everyone can cut their expenses to take a larger slice of the now smaller pie . 
  all you end up with is a smaller pie . 
  the independence referendums explicitly excluded huge chunks of the population . 
  if they stop doing that it would be a start . 
   led to ossetia 's and abkhazia 's recognition . 
  this part has n't happened . 
  nobody has recognised ossetia outside of a handful of russian puppet states . 
  the main sticking point has been the standard ussr style 101 % in favour referenda ossetia have come up with . 
  it was n't an offer of a complete bail out . 
  given the other options ireland had available the uk offered extraordinary aid that in combination meant ireland would have all the money it needed . 
  it was never a 100 % deal . 
  ireland do n't really want to be beholden to the uk . 
  the uk offer essentially gave them leverage to negotiate with other eu partners . 
  the uk contribution is still heavy of course . 
  the irish situation is misleading . 
  they 've more or less been unconditionally offered a bail out by the uk . 
  while they have n't taken up all that was offered it pins down their interest rates because in a pinch the market knows the uk will pull every lever to keep ireland afloat . 
  comparatively greece and portugal do n't have anyone prepared to do that for them . 
  he 's been in the melting pot too long . 
  his brain has been addled by americanisms . 
  he 'll be waving a flag soon and demanding a seat in parliament . 
  do they say the same thing about portugal ? 
  to be fair we actually declared war to defend poland . 
  spain was not part of the war at all . 
  our concern was n't fascism it was germany invading every bit of land it decided belonged to it . 
  65 % support to start a bill is silly . 
  actually this is proven nonsense . 
  stuff which shortens the lives of people actually saves the country money . 
  healthy people cost by far the most money to the state because they live longer . 
  the worse case scenario is spain looks very silly . 
  i ca n't see anything beyond that . 
  this ignores the issue of parliamentary majorities . 
  without scotland we 'd have had stronger tory governments and weaker labour governments . 
  that is a pretty solid trend in uk secession movements . 
  both pc and snp see a `` wales/scotland in eu '' scenario . 
  we in wales have seen how well that works . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capel_celyn a unitary state with a giant majority in one cultural group only works if that cultural group is prepared to act even handedly . 
  you do n't have to go back far to see it not working evenly . 
  arguably it does n't work evenly now . 
  the difference being half of england seems to hate the rest of the uk .
