  it is fortunate we never fight wars in the desert . 
  that would be disastrous . 
  the problem is the aim of russia is to give the autonomous regions veto power over kiev 's foreign policy . 
  so basically the agreement gives a tiny sliver of ukraine , under russian indirect rule , a veto over the entire constitution of ukraine ? 
  except russia does n't have a huge number of unwilling subjects unlike the ussr . 
  what would constitutional reform imply ? 
  can kiev just reform the constitution and impose it on the dnr ? 
  how many decades do i have to fix this ? 
  ancaps take the lockean homestedding principle too far . 
  personally i think that principle is difficult to justify in its strong form . 
  they hand wave it too much . 
  rothbard basically goes `` locke implies the person putting land into use has an interest therefore they own it for all time '' and that is a huge chasm that has been treated too casually . 
  i think that society always keeps a stake in any property taken from the commons into private ownership ( though homestedding obviously gives that person a specific and valid interest ) . 
  the only absolute property ( in the ancap way ) is self ownership . 
  what this actually implies though is still an open debate . 
  i think the set of basic principles is incomplete . 
  marx would have it so that the rights of society allows it to intervene against exponential centralising capitalist forces . 
  however every attempt to actually implement that has ended up pissing all over the other rights that adding that principle to basic liberalism implies . 
  trump seems to actually support a surprising amount of left wing policies . 
  i 'd describe him as borderline fascist rather than a traditional american liberal right winger . 
  at least there are sensible logical justifications for those positions . 
  take science to its core and you have the assumption that the universe is as it appears to be . 
  nobody has ever proved that basic assumption , it is taken on faith . 
  good philosophies are those that understand what their core assumptions are and have justifications for them . 
  that still does n't make them entirely logical but beyond mathematics this is literally the best that can be done ( and liberalism is in this bracket ) . 
  that differentiates them from philosophies built in the large from simple faith . 
  communism is at large a semi-rigorous philosophy imo . 
  though largely because so many obviously unworkable policies became articles of faith . 
  the further you take it from the reality of implementation the more solid it becomes but that should be a canary for any reasonable person . 
  i dislike comparing any of these things to religion as religion is more or less entirely constructed from assumptions . 
   and how was it that they stuck with it when it was becoming ever more obvious that the whole determined communist experiment was failing ? 
  tbh it was n't obvious , in the west , the communist experiment was failing until gorbachev was stabbed in the back and the whole thing collapsed . 
  most experts thought the ussr was actually getting stronger in the 80s . 
  today we have the narrative that communism was obviously flawed but it was n't clear at the time . 
  it was n't apparent just how made up decades of soviet economic figures were . 
   steeped in it though i was , i confess that , for much of the 25 years since the party finally died , i have been suspicious of books and seminars and websites that try to keep its memory alive in a world that has happily moved beyond it . 
  too often , these votaries seem to me to be clinging to something that was moderately interesting in its time but ought to be let go , at best a curiosity like the theosophical movement in which my mother was brought up a century ago . 
  in some cases , as seems glumly inevitable in small leftwing movements , some of the acolytes of communist history are intent on refighting old battles , as though they still matter and nothing has changed . 
  the issues that first created communism are actually as relevant as ever . 
  to the point where even incredibly rich people like warren buffet and bill gates are saying there is something wrong . 
  however communism is blatantly not the solution . 
  the great tragedy of our time is so many who 'd seek a solution are fixated on a non-solution . 
  yeah and turkey has gotten an incredible amount of criticism under erdogan . 
  still most of their bullshit is internal . 
  people keep citing proportionality but it is bullshit . 
  i criticise my mother more than i criticise hitler . 
  israel gets criticism because it has , or desires to have , a particular relationship with the west . 
  criticism of bullshit comes as part of that . 
  we do n't bother criticising saudi arabia because we know the country is barely civilised . 
  i 've also criticised germany more than best korea this year . 
  leaving the eu guarantee the uk never comes back frankly . 
  the reason this debate is happening right now is we 've reached a tipping point where the most eurosceptic demographic of the uk has reached a majority . 
  if the current vote is won the graveyard will take the eurosceptic movement with it . 
  there is a clear gulf in support/oppose for age groups that have always been in the market and an even larger gulf for those that have always been in the union . 
  the uk will probably always use the same kind of language we have but it is beyond certain that thatcher style `` no , no , no '' will be gone forever if the pro-eu campaign wins the referendum . 
  you may even end up with the bulk of sex offenders being of that kind . 
  in truth most nations are in line . 
  in the uk under 13 is a complete no go , 10 years in prison , area . 
  13-16 the judge has a lot of discretion to say `` guilty , no punishment , do n't do it again ( where people can see you and waste my time ) '' if the case is blatantly some parents trying to use the courts as a hammer against their 15 year old daughter 's 16 year old boyfriend . 
  cps as a result wo n't bother even chasing up cases like that . 
  it is just a polaroid . 
  cheap as chips . 
  we promise to turn up this time poland . 
  the other interesting thought i 've had in all this . 
  i think third wave feminism has become viewpoint blinded by intersectionality and raw cultural equivocation . 
  it reminds me of the `` great man '' v `` trends and forces '' views of history . 
  or ethical studies that are rooted solely in logic v those rooted on more pragmatic grounds . 
  in the end the conclusion is usually reached that all of these views need to be taken into account . 
  yeah trends and forces drive history but if alexander the great had n't died at an inopportune moment then history would have been very different . 
  the current feminist trends are very valuable imo but looking at them solely through that lens will give you a distorted picture . 
  it is like the trends and forces person denying that the death of alexander shattered his empire just because it seems to rely on the great person view . 
  it is an utterly absurd position to hold despite your particular lens being good and useful . 
  i 'm not sure we need to be selective . 
  just arrest and charge criminals whatever their country of birth is . 
   furthermore , the left in general , for quite a while , has decided that all cultures are fundamentally equal , or at least that in sum , no culture ( i 'm saying culture ; social norms and expectations , not race ) can be declared to be on the whole better than any other because it has too much intersectionality with the racism they rightly decried . 
  what impresses me with this view is if you ask feminists whether what rape is and is n't needs to be taught most would say it does . 
  in our societies it usually is taught , albeit badly and incompletely . 
  in some others it is not . 
  would you then not except those other societies to have higher incidence of rape ? 
  regardless the main issue with cologne is the way people have tried to pretend it did n't happen . 
  the whole way it has unfolded has massively benefited the far right by giving them legitimate grievances they can exploit . 
  the interesting thing is they do n't even need to eradicate events like cologne . 
  all they need is for the public to feel that something is actually being done about it . 
  the public know reality is n't perfect . 
  if you get cologne like events but the public feel the police and courts are making a reasonable effort to do something there 'll be tolerance . 
  what is causing the public to feel angry is the fact it seems the powers that be are trying to explicitly not do anything . 
  if it comes down to it the bulk of europeans will end up favouring shutting the borders if the law is n't going to be enforced against refugees . 
  to enable the vast bulk of honest refugees to come in the law has to be enforced . 
  there has to be the sense that they are n't special people who need to be protected from the law because neonazis might like to see them in prison . 
  all these problems will go away once everyone is speaking english ... 
  commonly accepted by who ? 
  why would sa cut output ? 
  they are the most efficient producer on the planet . 
  most of the price decrease is n't anything to do with supply and demand . 
  it is investors unravelling the assumption in the futures market that opec is omnipotent . 
  this has brought the current price down . 
  unless there is a renewed show of omnipotence from opec , reduced prices of some kind are here to stay . 
  germany allies or what ? 
  if they build roads the germans will invade . 
  germans are all confused austrians anyway .
