  what is there now is a huge demographic discontinuity . 
  if the population from this group gains as much euroscepticism as their grand parents did then euroscepticism will be strongly in the minority . 
  yes but the same demographic break down exists across the spectrum . 
  ukip are a general reflection of the eurosceptic movement . 
  however many young people support ukip it is a weak demographic for them . 
  it is n't likely to get any better as the economy improves . 
  the slide below shows exactly what we keep telling people . 
  the only people who really support ukip in any number are those who were born before the uk joined the eu . 
  oil prices will stay relatively low . 
  they wo n't stay at rock bottom but wo n't get to $ 90 + again . 
  everyone speculate on denmark !, 
  if enough people buy krone they will have to break the peg . 
  this has never actually been demonstrated . 
  every study into the economics shows no impact on wages or unemployment . 
  they are n't making the tories do anything . 
  the right wing of the tory party is agitating because they think they can get away with it . 
  ukip are the most hated party in the uk . 
  what is there to explain ? 
  they have their supporters but they 'll never be relevant . 
  i 've successfully found 10k ways to not reach orbit . 
  the biggest issue with the concept is we once wrote a document that outlined everything britain believes in with regards to human rights . 
  then we called it the european convention on human rights and forced it on the rest of europe . 
  how do you demonstrate mens rea if the person is unaware a crime is being committed ? 
  there are crimes in most countries that do n't require mens rea but they are few . 
  we are actually doing really well on co2 reduction . 
  just not very good on renewable generation . 
  biomass has all sorts of issues like soil depletion . 
  it is n't remotely renewable . 
   late 90 's ... british people were very warm ... i mean , i went to a colleague 's party and guys/girls would give a hug or a kiss even though i had never met them before . 
  and i was led to believe brits were colder than americans . 
  how completely wrong . 
  when we are drunk we are in our natural state . 
  when sober we are confused and trying to just make it through this strange hell known as the day . 
  you need to faint one way and then accelerate the other . 
  this was nearly all that i did in minecraft . 
  find ocean , build suspicious under water lair . 
  then i 'd forget where my lair was and build a new one . 
  you 'll never notice that ship among the mountains of norway . 
  the fact that not one of these ships has ever been seen on the mountain is a testament to the success of this camouflage . 
  not sure that a list of all politicians would be that interesting to the british public . 
  the funding mechanism for the eu was incredibly broken . 
  we should have pushed for funding to not be broken obviously but had no support . 
   that that will be the final vote on the matter all the way up through a federalized europe . 
  all the major parties are committed to a referendum on any treaty changes . 
  hands off frenchy !, 
  our time has come again !, 
  now there is no escape !, 
  shush . 
  everyone knows americans do n't get humour . 
  the measures the private banks in the eurozone were made to take on are laughable . 
  the last meeting on this saw the eu reject even the mild proposals cameron put forward on capital adequacy . 
  it is why the eu made such a fuss about pointless distractions like the ftt . 
  it was all about avoiding doing anything real at any cost . 
  a place where nothing happens . 
   the proposal , which is reportedly being voted on by the 28 eu member states , would enable telecom firms to `` enter into agreements '' with companies or individuals to provide faster internet speeds , on the condition that they do n't affect other users ' connections double speak is alive and well . 
  given that all speed is relative there is literally no way to favour one customer without disadvantaging another . 
  this is why net neutrality exists , to avoid the danger of isps double dipping to charge both ends . 
  if this goes ahead then the eu will once again surrender a relatively favourable position to the us who seem to finally be getting their shit together . 
  it will be hilarious in a decade or so when the us internet is high quality and ours remains a backwater slow stream that has n't improved with high quality service only for those customers willing to pay at both ends . 
  the reason it has n't blown up more is because `` they '' were everyone involved in the media . 
  the blood letting if they 'd gone after everyone culpable would have shut down half the uks creative industry . 
  the only nations that are going to do that would be russia or china . 
  everyone else would get annihilated so easily that the simple threat of a joint eu response is enough to keep them in check . 
  given who the likely belligerents are the us would be forced to either take part or risk seeing their most critical allies in a dangerous situation . 
  it wo n't likely be a nato operation though . 
  it would be an eu/us operation ( plus whoever ) . 
  the question would be how easy it would be for a us president to construct a case for intervention . 
  historically this has always been hard but is unquestionably easier today than it was in 1914 or 1939 . 
  i was expecting the border to be moving west . 
  i think i have had that one . 
  usually it is just being dismembered by an angry basileus though . 
  normally my norse games go with me playing nice until the basileus starts cutting my heirs . 
  then i decide i really need to have an heir with a roman princess . 
  all goes downhill from that point . 
  usually with muslims in constantinople . 
  does `` greek love '' involve knifes and higher voice pitches ? 
   qualified women are n't getting the positions they deserve are we absolutely certain that this is the problem ? 
  proving it is n't a trivial task . 
  we asked a similar question in welsh rugby a while back * . 
  what was found was an unending array of coaching deficiencies and cultural issues that caused players to fall out of contention for the national team long before they were ever really in contention . 
  it shot a lot of holes in the usual assumptions behind the discrepancy ( which generally broke down to `` same old boys club , closed shop , middle class boys being given unfair opportunities '' ) . 
  to fix this the wru did n't put a quota on the number of players making the national team . 
  it started involving itself in youth education more directly from age 12 . 
  you often need to start right at the beginning to fix these problems . 
  quotas involve starting right at the end . 
  this is why i dislike quotas . 
  actually fixing these problems is hard . 
  if there are cultural or structural roadblocks in the way from early in the process then a quota wo n't do anything other than white wash the end result . 
  you need to research and deal with the problem early in the life cycle , not at the end of it . 
  * specifically why the national team was n't always 95 % players from the valley 's all the time given that nearly all the playing base comes from there, 
  all my heirs kept coming back from miklagard unable to have children . 
  this kills the family line . 
  quotas do n't solve the problem though . 
  they are at best equality washing . 
  they are only a solution to the problem of `` how can we appear to have gender equality '' . 
  china has very few energy resources , struggles to feed its population and their manufacturing sector can not produce the high quality goods anyway . 
  the us has enough on their land to be food and energy self sufficient . 
  they also have vast quantities of most primary resources . 
  most of this can be acquired abroad cheaper , it is much more sensible to buy oil from the international market or rare earths from china . 
  it can all be acquired in the us though .
