  companies like ireland because they have n't got to hire tax optimisers . 
  there is no headline figure for the politicians to sell to the public that they are taxing corporations hard with added bureaucratic nightmare to access an intended lower tax rate . 
  corporations pay no more tax in britain or france . 
  they just do it via a huge swathe of pointless paperwork . 
  if anything ireland should be emulated rather than decried . 
  the problem is some people have very different ideas of what `` integration '' entails . 
  some are just interested that the people are contributing . 
  others expect to see migrants in the pubs on a weekend . 
  tbh i do n't think australia are going to complain when educated brits start flooding into australia because wages for any decent job are much higher in the colonies than in europe . 
  the reason this wo n't happen is the uk government knows it would hurt the uk badly . 
  best cb in the game . 
  it depends on the details . 
  he still wants assad in power . 
  france should name their capital ship `` napoleon '' . 
  imagine how many people it would piss off . 
  makes sense to use the type-45s . 
  they are currently without equal ( a situation the us is acting to change i believe ) . 
  though isis do n't have anything that warrant it . 
  this only really offsets the child support those women would be due for fathered children . 
  i 'm sure every single one of them had honest intentions when sleeping with these women . 
  anyway child support is as much the issue in these cases . 
  china might still oppose a broad agreement if the arab league does n't support it . 
  so might russia . 
  it is worth noting france do not need un sanction to fight isis at this point . 
  the un is only necessary when dealing with issues beyond the basic right to defence . 
  the ira got a lot of funding from the us . 
  to be fair expropriating the banks would have been a good idea about 7 years ago . 
  now not so much . 
  a failed state is one where citizens band together to enforce sanity in militias and flash mobs and it is better than what the state does . 
  a state is failed when ad hoc anarchy is better . 
  belgium is nowhere near that . 
  yet people will still insist there is no major gap between scotland and uk opinions on the matter . 
   or maybe , people in poor countries care more about $ 5 than people in rich countries because they 're poor . 
  this was my first thought . 
  it is entirely worth $ 5 for me to prove how wonderful i am . 
  people on reddit give away sums like that on a whim . 
  the problem is money is not valued the same way between these groups . 
  $ 5 is not $ 5 for everyone . 
  largely because the entirety of christianity believes that the bible is largely made up by men whereas islam has as a central principle that the quran is the unedited word of god . 
  indeed there is good reason to believe the document at the very least is unedited . 
  i 'll pass on the word of god part . 
  the us did n't support the taliban . 
  there were two separate groups in afghanistan . 
  the ( us backed ) mujahedeen and the taliban ( those actually came after the soviets left to fill the power vacuum ) . 
  those came to some sort of working agreement ( after having fought each other ) but they are n't the same group . 
  indeed some of the mjuahedeen style forces the us backed against the ussr fought against the taliban in the afghanistan war . 
  tbh every approach barring intentional destruction of economy will see signs of improvement eventually . 
  the problem with austerity has always been by the time you 've recovered you 've lost an entire generation of growth you never get back . 
  was n't that long ago there were still welsh speaking only communities in wales . 
  while this is true immersion is also the best way to actually learn a language . 
  it is entirely possible they synced up their execution via sms . 
  you 'd need something incredible to intercept , pick out and interpret those messages in time to do something about it . 
  take this  `` we 're off ; we 're starting . '' for this information to be useful to anti-terrorist experts a bunch of things have to happen : 1 . 
  you need to know these guys are terrorists . 
  you need to know that this phone is owned by terrorists . 
  you need to know that this specific message out of all messages is important . 
  you need to interpret it as a signal to attack . 
  you need to somehow decide where the signalled attack is to take place . 
  you dispatch forces to intercept . 
  the forces stop the terrorist attack . 
  how long does it take you to get from 1 to 7 ? 
  i 'd say far too long to do anything about it . 
  so unencrypted transmission is entirely appropriate . 
  less can go wrong . 
  it is entirely possible that the terrorists are professional here and using the simplest possible mechanism for triggering action that can not possibly be stopped at this point baring luck . 
  i do n't think there is a conspiracy here . 
  this is entirely what somebody with the slightest understanding of the value of information and how cryptography works . 
  with information that has a very short time value you want communications channels less likely to fail * . 
  you also do n't care if intercepts happen for the same reason . 
  all in all using sms for this is either dumb luck or well thought out . 
  * that information has as short a time value for the terrorists as the anti-terror services . 
  if they miss their window then they do n't get the same degree of terror out and are more likely to run into gendarmes or similar who are alert and prepared . 
  even pissed off members of the public are potentially dangerous if they are alerted to danger . 
  it is worth noting the number of terrorist incidents that have stopped by the public since 9/11 . 
  qe was not about increasing lending rates . 
  it was about unwinding leveraged positions . 
  something european banks have never done . 
  the us and uk banks underwent massive deleveraging in the years following the collapse but the eurozone has largely ignored the issue because deleveraging during austerity would be even more disastrous . 
  banks holding the money to reduce the gap between reality and stated position was exactly the intent . 
  no he wanted support from japan and the us was at war with japan . 
  the question of why that path was chosen is irrelevant . 
  the path was chosen and it meant that hitler had absolutely no ability to harm either the us or the usn ( u-boats at the time being incredibly poor at sinking warships ) . 
  there is no easy war for hitler there . 
  he had to declare war if he wanted japan on side to eventually end the british continental blockade . 
   the kreigsmarine 's main focus during the entire war was uboat warfare . 
  because they could not win a straight naval war . 
  you can not invade a nation with u-boats . 
  you can not even fight a naval battle with u-boats . 
  when u-boats met destroyers they became permanently submerged rather than temporarily . 
  warfare of this kind is analogous to guerilla warfare on the seas . 
  you can not win the fight so avoid confrontation and attack the weak points . 
  this was the best strategy germany could pursue ( britain was forced into national rationing ) but in no way does it give you the ability to actually do anything like a land invasion . 
  also the german blockade was far less successful than the british equivalent . 
   the kriegsmarine was arguably the most successful branch of the german military during the entire conflict . 
  hiding in a port the whole war is successful . 
  i have no idea where you get these ideas from but you are very wrong . 
  if the kreigsmarine was worth anything hitler would have invaded britain . 
  he had a handful of impressive warships but was outnumbered by an incredible degree by the royal navy . 
  the only successes they had was with u-boats attacking unescorted shipping . 
  below is a list of the kreigsmarine ships ( total excluding some auxiliary ships ) during the third reich .
