  though undoubtedly they 'll actually increase in popularity with the tory assault on legal aid . 
  the outrage was because the judge interpreted the law in a way that seemed out of sync with precedent . 
  really action needs to be taken to treat us extra-territorial judicial action . 
  every eu government should refuse to comply with obvious nonsensical decisions . 
  they should refuse to treat at all and force the us courts to rule contempt . 
  then put tariffs on for the sum of whatever the us judge awards in the nonsense case . 
  it really is n't something you can just ignore . 
  the us approach is pissing all over a status quo of national sovereignty that has existed longer than the us itself . 
  it would n't be so bad if the us legal system was n't so arse backwards . 
  yes that refers to the original live aid concert . 
  i 'm aware that the only good thing to come out of live aid was a rejuvenated queen . 
  i was referring to the way live 8 operated . 
  campaigning for something which was already done . 
  i 'm not sure if geldof was just ignorant or whether he was cynically exploiting the situation . 
  take it up with diocletian . 
  it is his fault . 
  the concepts of east and west are too ancient to extinguish . 
  the idea that it is anything to do with the cold war is misleading . 
  i really hated the whole live8 thing . 
  it was agreed upon well beforehand that debt cancellation was going to happen . 
  i remember the discussions on reddit . 
  then nearly a year after , with all the deals all but agreed , this live8 thing kicked off . 
  it was nothing more than celebrities cashing in on the whole `` good deed '' thing . 
  not an ounce of difference was made because the deals were already agreed upon in principle . 
  the g8 summit was just for the world leaders to grand stand their decision . 
  the concert just to get bono and geldof into the public eye . 
  non-eu migrants claim a lot more benefits per person than eu migrants . 
  even if it is harder for them to claim it . 
  nearly the entirety of eu migration is net gain . 
  almost nobody from the eu is coming here to claim benefits . 
  all the studies agree on this fact . 
  what migrants are claiming benefits are the non-eu migrants . 
  yes it was because at the time political bullshit was on the brink of sending the us economy over the edge . 
  since then obama has managed to ride out the idiots on the other side of the room . 
  the us economy is now growing solidly . 
  it would be doing better if obama had a free hand but its direction is still diametrically opposed to the stuttering mess that is the eurozone . 
  one push is all it will take to send the eurozone back to the depths of the greek crisis . 
  the biggest problem is the culture of the participants and how invested they are in each others survival . 
  any mechanism can be bent to selfish ends . 
  the current ecb is supposed to target 2 % but has been held just above the crisis 1 % threshold because of german political pressure . 
  what is to say the leeway of the new system wo n't also be abused by a powerful actor to favour their interests over the interests of others ? 
  really this crisis has weakened the eus ability to respond rather than strengthened it . 
  if germany fell into recession a decade from now they 'll be hung out to dry for how they have behaved in this crisis . 
  this is n't a good thing ; i think we 'll see increasingly reciprocal distrust and an internal pie slicing focus result . 
  amazing you are getting downvoted . 
  look at the figures in europe compared to the us or uk where vile money printing was practised . 
  this argument has been lost but it has become a point of pride rather than a technical issue for its proponents . 
  there is n't really one al qaeda group . 
  the reason the governments of the west have actions contrary to their propaganda is that their propaganda was nonsense . 
  there never was an evil mastermind organisation that controlled all the terrorist activities on the planet . 
  though there was a group we identified as al qaeda most groups identifying as al qaeda are not them . 
  they play up that bullshit because all you have otherwise is millions of people dying in vain . 
  of course in truth ww1 was millions of people dying for no good reason at all . 
  if the world wars defended freedom it was in destroying the very nations that fought them . 
  the french , german and british empires did n't survive the wars . 
  they successfully killed the rot at the heart of western europe at huge cost . 
  i 'm not sure it was mostly raw industrial competition . 
  germany was under a naval build up , ostensibly to challenge japan . 
  britain did n't trust the german intentions . 
  the pax britannica was literally built upon the british capability to defeat continental powers without ever setting foot on the continent . 
  the german build up threatened the entire balance of power . 
  if germany could match britain on the seas then there was never going to be a challenge to your power . 
  thus ww1 . 
  of course in this case the excuse to quickly knock out germany 's naval power had a hell of a cost . 
  the cool thing about shutting the stable door is you can always open it again if you want the horses to bolt 30 years from now . 
  to be fair a joint eu military is pissing in the wind while we are so far apart on foreign policy . 
  essentially any joint eu military would give britain and france very little . 
  policy should follow action here . 
  once the big three are acting in concert in the long term we can make eu policy . 
  should be a giant amazon across the map . 
  britain has limited growth . 
  i 'm not sure what people want to change . 
  britain is growing at a sustainable rate . 
  take away all the immigrants and the population would still be growing slightly . 
  also in that context is perfectly correct english . 
  just not always as common . 
  it is impossible for the scottish government to get something clear on this . 
  why would n't italy have its own military ? 
  frankly italy is a nation that should be the equal of the big eu 3 but for whatever reason is n't . 
  even with a draft it would n't matter . 
  slave soldiers are barely useful in war . 
  russia want to one day become a super power again . 
  expansion of the eu towards their borders basically permanently seals that possibility . 
  is n't this a question of `` if everyone in catalonia just refused to deal with the government , what would happen ? '', 
  i mean if independence is that popular you can have half of catalonia go on general strike . 
  if we had denied a scottish referendum it would have badly undermined our arguments in northern ireland and the falklands . 
  catalonia would get a say in the shape of that union ? 
  nobody invites you over for tea . 
  you are invited over . 
  tea just happens . 
  like a force of nature . 
  it harms the us because it is more likely to push ukraine into the russian camp . 
  the russian argument is that the eu is pretty much just a tool of the us . 
  now the us is stepping into a debate which does n't really concern it . 
  russia are going to point to it as proof of their argument . 
  the point is the us stepping in only really harms them . 
  it undermines the credibility of the eu in the debate . 
  how will this consolidate their power ? 
  it is a russian fantasy to have the us interfering in what is a european issue . 
  they 'll get to point to this and say `` see this is really about being an american puppet or not '' .
