  then graciously offer to ship the russian soldiers back home . 
  i thought putin had ` suggested ' that nobody photograph his daughter . 
  i doubt linux as a platform hurt them much . 
  it is n't as if the bulk of their work is in the kernel . 
  the fact linux is in most cases way ahead of the baseline bsd kernel in terms of platform support is worth more than a handful of code contributions . 
  tbh nokia should have joined in with android . 
  they could be where samsung are now . 
  if germans have humour then this comment is humourless and thus logically contradictory . 
  if germans do n't have humour then this comment is funny and thus logically contradictory . 
  therefore we can only conclude that german humour is actually a nonsensical concept . 
  of course you also recognise that the german empire had a population roughly as large as britain and france combined at this time . 
  the uk has more nobel laureates than germany . 
  austria has fewer than canada . 
  i 'm not trying to `` fix it '' as much as seeing stuff that is obviously wrong and changing it . 
  i 'm not trying to eliminate the monarchy . 
  only any meaningful influence they might have . 
  shitty currency trading systems caused the crash . 
  soros just took the money the eu was so desperate to give everyone with insane policies . 
  if soros had n't done what he done we 'd have a worse result . 
  the erm might still exist . 
  the situation in rugby is perplexing . 
  french players for competitive french sides turn up for international rugby looking unfit . 
  it is almost as if the french club scene has used the endless resources they have to enable their players to piss around on the booze rather than training hard . 
  of course the fact that the rise of liberalism and democracy coincides with the greatest increase in human wealth and achievement is absolutely an accident . 
  when we had absolute monarchs the idea of flying would have gotten you sectioned . 
  technically the welsh nobility always maintained that the entirety of england and wales was one kingdom in a `` one china '' mode of thought . 
  theoretically the war of the roses and welsh recognition of the tudors put an end to a split that was temporary ( albeit a thousand years of temporary ) . 
  in practice the welsh nobility quit while they were ahead . 
  technically england was a constitutional monarchy in 1215 . 
  practically it was not until the civil war . 
  it 'd be nice if they stuck to waving . 
  this is where the whole debate about the monarchy breaks down . 
  true royalists are the ones who believe there is some sort of value in having the royals talking to our politicians . 
  the bulk of the population are under the assumption that the monarchy is purely ceremonial which charles seems to disagree with . 
  switzerland is telling france to get on its level !, 
  the report says `` up to # 2b '' which is government speak for `` companies spend # 2b on this so they can save that much right ? '', 
  i do n't believe a single company will stop doing the assessments for the reasons i 've outlined . 
  the assessments are there to protect the company , not the employees . 
  it may even cost more if companies no longer have a well understood system to cover their arses with . 
  i restated my position because you completely ignored it the first time . 
  the point is this will not save a penny . 
  yes but the company will still do it . 
  the assessment is how they demonstrate to the court that they actually attempted to uphold health and safety standards . 
  small companies can still be sued and they 'll lose if they do n't have something very similar to the mandated assessment . 
  they wo n't skip it even if they can . 
  for the same reason a business would n't skip putting seat belts in their company cars if it were allowed . 
  it just is n't a good idea . 
  ok so without the paper work how do companies enforce h&s ? 
  half the time the reason for the paper work is to prove to courts that the company tried to make the member of staff obey the safety requirements . 
  my company has a sheet with my signature on it proving that i did in fact go through the talks about h&s and the desk inspections . 
  not a penny will be saved because every company will still do this . 
  the alternative is a `` he said , she said '' fight in court with the only relevant facts being that the employee is actually injured . 
  get rid of the legal requirement and companies will invent 3/4 different ways of doing the same thing . 
  probably less efficiently than the system that already exists . 
  tbh the health and safety reqs in small and medium businesses are also sound . 
  the last thing we want is to go back to the 80s where chronic injuries were common because of badly set up office equipment . 
  no doubt . 
  my father used to work as an ex-pat in zambia in the 70s and witnessed a man ( native , the ex-pats were well treated ) losing an arm and simply being dismissed . 
  nothing has changed other than legal requirements for health and safety to be observed . 
  if the free market was going to make industry safe it would have done so in all the centuries industry killed thousands every year . 
  i 'm not glorifying coal . 
  i 'm pointing out why health and safety exists . 
  before that people died in their hundreds . 
  this is why fundamentalism is so daft . 
  most ` christians ' these days do not actually believe in christianity . 
  they believe in some kind of god and see jesus as some dude who also believed in god . 
  there are very few who actually go in for the whole `` holy trinity , died for our sins , etc '' . 
  in fact i think every christian i know would be found guilty by nicaea . 
  the alternative to this is to really have people who believe everything . 
  arguably mad men like the wbc are actually the only honest christians . 
  at least if you take the rigid view that the bible is 100 % correct . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/but_to_bring_a_sword it is one of the less mentioned parts of the bible . 
  even the nt is not all roses and washing of beggars feet . 
  people forget that the fantasy world in which this happened was the real fucking world . 
  fucking absurd that we should be talking about `` mindless health and safety '' near the 100th anniversary of senghenydd . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/senghenydd_colliery_disaster i suspect the rugged liberals as usual probably work in an office somewhere and do n't have a fucking clue what industrial malpractice looks like . 
  no coal miner ever called for health and safety laws to be scrapped . 
  nobody on the coal face ever wants to face the world these idiots want . 
  to be fair jesus said a lot of stuff according to the bible . 
  he came baring a sword apparently . 
  i do n't want these nutters being armed . 
  are n't they ostreich ? 
  this is where the sheer meaningless nature of left/right is shown up . 
  populations can swing right in terms of looking for some `` other '' to blame . 
  they do n't all suddenly become the scions of adam smith . 
  in fact socialist swings have been common in economic hardship as well . 
  except states have been ignoring economists and continue to do so . 
  the biggest myth is that our economy is run along the lines specified by economists . 
  it is up there with the lie that drugs policy is evidence based . 
  the moves in parliament the past few years are very interesting . 
  the british parliament technically had very little power until it told the king that it did . 
  it wo n't work that way year but nothing will advance if parliament sits there and does n't seek to impose itself . 
  this is overall the biggest problem with the eu . 
  too much regionalism and it undermines efficiency drives . 
  it is why , imo , funding should be use and wealth adjusted . 
  so that france wo n't suffer so much from reforming cap . 
  its taxes would decrease roughly inline . 
  without the outright possibility of powerful nations coercing other powerful nations to give them money we can focus on what is actually good policy . 
  migration works both ways . 
  if spain must accept romans then rome must accept spaniards .
