  i eat purple . 
  purple is a fruit . 
  i have no idea why it works . 
  i 'm not a psychologist . 
  however australia has seen a reduction in uptake . 
  i would n't underestimate the difference branding makes though . 
  nobody says `` that is cool branding , i 'm so going to do that '' . 
  australia has seen a serious reduction in uptake from their branding changes . 
  there is a reason everyone is talking about it . 
  the policy works as intended . 
  banning something is illiberal . 
  putting restrictions to protect the health of third parties and producing disincentives is a good middle ground . 
  10-20 % is a huge amount . 
  in the uk that number is something like 5 % . 
  stimulus is also only part of it . 
  there is a serious structural problem where supply and demand are not balanced across the eurozone . 
  this is not viable unless the eurozone corrects balance of payments as the us does . 
  ukip is rising because the economy is shit though . 
  if we had 3 % gdp growth tomorrow then ukip would die overnight . 
  lets not mistake cause and rhetoric . 
  as always extremists raise their heads in troubled times . 
  the wbc is the wrong analogue . 
  the kkk is the best comparison . 
  at the very least the kkk actually did kill people and did have popular , if localised , support . 
  yeah there are 2m + british muslims . 
  so far i think about 8 of them have been implicated in terrorist attacks . 
  that is 0.0004 % of the population . 
  why in english ? 
  if a muslim wanted to make a statement i 'd assume they 'd make it in arabic . 
  it would be a good thing ; turkey would bring some much needed vitality to what has become a politically stale organisation . 
  of course this is precisely why they wo n't get in . 
  it would weaken the power of the larger nations . 
  that said turkey has some issues it has to deal with . 
  that is really a question of degree . 
  liberals believe in only as much state as is necessary . 
  there are good arguments that welfare is better for the economic well being of the country . 
  liberalism is mainly about not putting restrictions for the sake of it . 
  not about accepting inferior outcomes for the sake of ideology . 
  liberal means opposed to the power of the state . 
  that applies to both social and economic aspects . 
  liberalism in the uk was largely our answer to the spring of nations . 
  cameron , like blair , operates closer to the centre of british politics than his main party . 
  you can not form government as a fringe movement in fptp . 
  you have to fight over the voters that think a two party system is insane . 
  those people are generally neither hard right or hard left . 
  of course what you can do is hold the rhetoric of the centre ground while being distinctly partisan . 
  only thatcher has successfully achieved this since ww2 . 
  even then only because the left were ( and still are ) split . 
  iran is a country consistently under attack . 
  in truth if we had n't overthrown their government the iranians are as close to a sane people as you get in the middle east . 
  iran would be like turkey and israel now without bp and the cia . 
  the argument is that debt is reduced more quickly via stimulus . 
  that has been back up by what has happened in the us so far . 
  nobody says the deficit is not an issue . 
  the argument is that austerity is actually no better than stimulus at decreasing it . 
  tackling structural problems does not mean you run austerity . 
  you can simultaneously tackle them and increase capital investment . 
  in fact that is the definition of tackling structural problems . 
  you can not deal with them without investment . 
  to reduce on going costs on the roads you need better roads that do n't require so much maintenance . 
  ah that would explain why the uk is so low . 
  i 've never had us as having crap tap water . 
  i like how wales has loads of people in the south east and everywhere else may as well be empty . 
  europe is transcendental . 
  thus is never rational . 
  the in vote will massively outspend the out vote . 
  the only issue is that murdoch has an ideological objection to the eu . 
  his media empire will be pushing hard for an out vote . 
  what is the distinguishing feature between the nf and the nazi party ? 
  other than obviously not being german . 
  the nf ( and the bnp at one point ) had policies of arming patriots and suspending elections . 
  i dislike calling everyone we dislike nazis . 
  however those parties are very close to them in belief . 
  i think hft is being demonised and i do n't know why . 
  it started with the claims of phantom crashes . 
  then the actual crash happened . 
  arguably the hfts were just predicting how screwed the world economy was . 
  hft is effectively getting punished because it predicted the crash and tried to pop the bubble early . 
  the `` phantom crash '' everyone bitched about did in fact highlight something fundamentally wrong with the system . 
  i 'm still not sure what they are intending to achieve by it . 
  whenever policy is made i look for the intended effect . 
  i ca n't see a positive effect from this . 
  that is a tricky issue . 
  increasing the relative power of the european parliament would be a start . 
  we need to see the power of the commission eroded in favour of the elected body . 
  i also think that there needs to be stronger public consent on treaty changes . 
  though i 'm not sure that there is an easy process for that . 
  the cl is decided on the field . 
  austria did n't vote the two german teams into the cl final . 
  they got there because they were the best teams . 
  it is n't about giving up power . 
  it is about who in europe holds that power . 
  the eu still has a mechanism designed for a loose treaty zone . 
  it needs to ditch that before going further . 
  you can not have the levers of power controlled so indirectly . 
  somebody on r/uk put up a good speech from gladstone about the sovereignty of parliament . 
  he missed the point of the speech ( it was presented as an anti-eu post ) but the content does apply to europe . 
  about why the sovereign power of any grouping must hold with the directly elected members of that group . 
  the public must have their hands on the levers of power themselves . 
  it is not only ethically correct but the correct move for stability .
