  the eu budget was adjusted so all the richer members lost out but spending in the poorer new members was held . 
  so britain has n't defended its rebate in practice . 
  ironically we are better off with france getting loads of cap money , it increases the rebate . 
  with the richer members losing out our rebate also goes down . 
  it means both arguments are wrong . 
  britain actually did something unselfish ( though perhaps accidentally ) and cameron has not `` defended the rebate '' in realistic terms . 
  we 've set a path that will likely reduce the real value of the rebate year upon year going forward . 
  can somebody tell me why britain is in with third world nations on the vengeance category ? 
  what do we want revenge for ? 
  i mean we are n't far from vietnam , a nation that has been raped multiple times by literally every power in the area . 
  that does n't seem reasonable . 
  russia invaded georgia for a reason and it had stuff all to do with ossetians . 
  they also pretty much outright attempted to kill yushchenko in ukraine . 
  that is a hell of a stretch . 
  tesla 's engineering output is weak compared to somebody like say brunel . 
  tesla invented a particularly sound form of ac power that is still in use today . 
  outside of that people vastly overstate his achievements . 
  that is mostly because england does n't want devolution though . 
  when england insists it is going to be ruled by the british parliament there are going to be side effects . 
  to be fair on the scale of 0-napoleon we are a long way from napoleon . 
  oblivious to the truth he is . 
  at least jar jar binks he is unaware of . 
  the problem is any stimulus program needs to be eu wide . 
  the economics of the past are still true . 
  they just do n't really account for something like an eu market . 
  stimulus export is too easy in the eu . 
  if say britain subsidises car purchases the main beneficiaries would be germany . 
  that obviously is n't something britain wants to spend money on . 
  on the fence voters nearly always vote for the status quo . 
  scottish independence needs a clear cut advantage before a vote would be won . 
  wherever gibraltar wants to go . 
  britain has a standing agreement with spain on this . 
  we wo n't get in the way if gibraltar decides it wants to be spanish . 
  i demand cheaper booze !, 
  it has been pretty boring since we stopped killing each other . 
  you can come and visit all the places we used to have fun at . 
  government reduces spending slightly in even quarters so they can spend more heavily in odd quarters . 
  this means we are never technically in recession . 
  technically correct being the best kind of correct . 
  you can see this pretty blatantly with when the qe flows . 
  we always turned on the qe taps after a bad quarter and turned them back off once we get a positive quarter . 
  lets not post pictures of dresden as if it is a triumph . 
  do n't be silly . 
  we have a free market here . 
  i picked the exact same shit . 
  give me my technology and power !, 
  we 'd be much better off without cap . 
  the rebate softens the blow a touch . 
  have russia given half the georgian population passports yet ? 
  when can we expect the liberation to start ? 
  one with a giant britain standing on top of europe ? 
  the hellenic republic is merely being reorganised into the first hellenic empire ( for definitions of first that do n't mean first ) for a safer , more economically secure , society . 
  i do n't think anarcho-capitalism is contradictory . 
  it is insane but not contradictory . 
  what we have today is also not anarcho-capitalism . 
  corporations as they exist today would never be legal under an anarcho-capitalist system . 
  at the same time i think modern corporatists use anarcho-capitalist propaganda to push their objective . 
  the dragon is sort of red . 
  it is a problem if you are talking about migrating though . 
  it would be a piss take to go to germany and speak english . 
  we did some terrible things in ww2 as well . 
  we were only the good guys relatively . 
  kind of stalin was better than hitler and we were better than stalin . 
  hence we are obviously the good guys . 
  the imf has admitted its policy was bananas and has been begging countries to change course for about a year now . 
  it is the politicians that are hanging on . 
  the imf was an excuse for them to do what they wanted to do . 
  i do n't know this much about wales . 
  yeah turns out we are evil this week . 
  same old shit . 
  this is n't true at all . 
  if it was n't for obama 's election campaign the us would still be in iraq . 
  before obama they were talking about a 50 year occupation there . 
  they were building giant fortresses and blatantly had no intention of ever leaving . 
  bush suddenly did a u-turn and put an exit date in after it looked like obama was going to win . 
  the cameras are privately owned . 
  why would we smash up the means by which a shop keeper protects himself from thieves ? 
  the news have an excuse to post tits . 
  they are n't going to stop giving it coverage . 
  are most of the legends about human sacrifice just christian propaganda ? 
  it is amazing that every single non-christian religion was all about burning people and eating babies . 
  the old polytheistic religions sound a lot more fun than christianity . 
   i mean , it is at least a bit questionable that almost everyone high up in a socialist party seems to have gone to a single elite university does n't the entire labour party come from oxford ppe ? 
  british politics are very shouty . 
  here the perception of us politics is that it is far too stage managed . 
  british politics is like mad max with suits and unparliamentary language . 
   witness the libyan war , in which european military forces could do little against the middling power of mummar qaddafi until the united states deployed its high tech weaponry to bail out its allies , in their backyard , at a cost to the u.s. taxpayer of $ 1 billion . 
  it was n't high tech anything . 
  it was fuel and bombs . 
  we were doing fine against gaddafi until we ran out of things to drop on him . 
  the issue is the only comparison to the us we can make is really the eu . 
  it makes more sense to compare the eu to the us than to compare the us and uk . 
  or china for that matter . 
  a lot of the nations out there are somewhat quasi-supranational unions like china and the us . 
  europe only compares to them as a unit . 
  it is increasingly clear as we see populations turn towards authoritarianism in the west that democracy is n't remotely enough . 
  good government is a delicate balance between consent of the governed , the rights of the people and the needs of the people . 
  you can not have a just government that does n't give proper consideration to all three parts . 
  a government without consent is just a dictatorship . 
  a government that shits on rights ( particularly of minorities ) is just a tyranny of the majority .
