  it is a prisoners dilemma ) . 
  effectively stimulus in germany can become jobs in the rest of europe . 
  i suspect we wo n't see this though . 
  it would take some balls for the likes of greece to actually be prepared to take this on politically . 
  * note that greece and co are still some distance from germany on productivity but if you are barely growing at twice the productivity of the competition then being at only 1.75 times the productivity of the competition will see you suffer . 
  i have a better one !, 
  it is what they did in georgia . 
  hey if they are n't russian then nobody will mind if it is all blown up . 
  the budget has gone down . 
  tax receipts due to economic contraction fell faster . 
  which is why borrowing went up between 2012 and 2014 . 
  they tailed off budget reduction at around those times in order to get the economy going in time for the election . 
  what they did n't expect was the largest deficit reduction in the tories time in government . 
  whether they 'll learn from that is another thing . 
  no the deficit and the debt has gone up . 
  net borrowing increased between 2012-2014 which is why the economy is suddenly going . 
  we have n't been doing austerity . 
  we 've taken on a crap tonne of capital expenditure and kept the cyclical budget steady the past 3 years . 
  the deficit has actually gone up . 
  in 2010 we did what the rest of europe was doing . 
  we thankfully were not politically bound to the bundestag . 
  so when our economy tanked we could change things . 
  it is to do with the euro but it is because our lack of euro means we are not dependent upon any troikas . 
  we can increase our deficits and nobody can tell us otherwise . 
  we already tried appeasement with russia . 
  it does n't work . 
   on a related note , people of the uk , what is with those people who drive at 40mph in a 60 zone , then straight through a 30 zone at 40mph ? 
  when we figure it out we will tell you . 
  we are waiting until the world is distracted . 
  then we will dissect their brains to discover the source of their disability . 
  if we had started the war immediately then hitler would have lost quickly . 
  without the extra czech industry his armies would have been less impressive . 
  also an invasion of czechoslovakia would have been painful because the sudetenland was heavily fortified . 
  you realise the whole `` nuclear winter '' theory has been heavily discredited ? 
  it is n't often talked about because nuclear war is shitty no matter how you cut it . 
  nuclear winter is a nice propaganda tool but is n't real . 
  that is the point of sanctions . 
  it has a cumulative impact . 
  the russian economy will suffer every year the sanctions are in place . 
  somebody needs to do a lenin clothing line . 
  so if sweden is ever faced with a dangerous enemy i should destroy all your infrastructure pre-emptively ? 
  something which has happened multiple times since the uk banned the death penalty . 
  the point of justice is for society to be better than the criminals . 
  letting a nation use your infrastructure is not neutral . 
  nope all they need to do is continue to undermine the ability of their customers to buy shit from them . 
  then everything will get better . 
  western media does n't have a 90 % approval rating so yes i trust it more than i trust rt. 
  they all have their biases but with multiple sources you can at least triangulate and find out what is true if not necessarily what is the truth . 
  we generally do n't . 
  it is widely seen as an expensive mistake in the uk . 
  the average person is much better off without an empire . 
  so neo-liberalism of the left ? 
  one day the forces of neo-liberalism and cultural marxism will collide . 
  i think they 'd sell like crazy in the west . 
  they would outdo che guevarra shirts imo . 
  though they would be less ironic . 
  in the end who you choose to associate with tends to dictate how you turn out . 
  you get a mutual feedback process that strengths both sides ( or weakens them ) . 
  the middle east is such a problem because everywhere you turn there the other nations are in the same boat . 
  whereas most of the struggling countries in europe border at least somebody who 's stable . 
  it is really strange how the narrative has turned to `` evil western plot '' . 
  the us basically intervened to tell the maidan to fuck off and wait for elections . 
  the west pushed the deal that kept yanukovich there but with a restricted mandate . 
  it was basically a disaster for the west when yanukovich 's party turned on him . 
  if he had been allowed to see out the final months of his term it would have been much more difficult for russia to intervene . 
  how would we encourage conversations about the apparent sanity level of our highways agency then ? 
  also this makes the uk impossible to invade . 
  who the fuck could navigate that without getting lost ? 
  it was a greek irridentist plan that wanted to annex constantinople and the entire west coast of modern day turkey . 
  i think it would take something monumental to do it . 
  i think a us abandonment of nato might do it . 
  to counter russia the eu would have to become much more centralised . 
  if russia kicks off ww3 it might happen anyway . 
  i do n't see it happening peacefully . 
  it usually takes tragedy to change national boundaries . 
  you need some kind of external compelling fear to drive people to overcome the obstacles within . 
  probably the us would n't have broken away * and we 'd have a giant continental uk . 
  strangely the british empires position in history would be much weaker . 
  the second empire only grew because we were kind of embarrassed about the whole independence thing . 
  george did n't want to be remembered for that . 
  so australia would be empty and we 'd never have fought the opium wars or played the great game with russia . 
  ignoring napoleon would have been entirely viable rather than slightly more viable than napoleon ignoring a giant blockade of the continent . 
  * the empire would have fought harder and representation is more meaningful if there is n't an ocean between parliament and the colonies . 
  you need to reverse netherlands your nation . 
  build a giant moat , sail warships in there . 
  it is hilarious how much the map of `` bits we want '' corresponds with the megali idea . 
  the best way to stop nato is to not invade your neighbours . 
  the problem is it wo n't stop . 
  if you back down once he 'll do it again . 
  as we found with hitler you eventually end up in the war you wanted to avoid anyway . 
  except this is clearly not a fascist government . 
  the main reason for the coup was to undo the vast power grabs of yanukovich . 
  fascists rarely care about the rights of parliament . 
  since the old pope retired we need a new emperor . 
  yeah and the line after it said  authorizes all necessary means to protect civilians and civilian-populated areas , except for a `` foreign occupation force '' ; indeed india opposed the measure because it mandated exactly what happened . 
  the un mandate specified anything short of an invasion . 
  if they wanted a no-fly zone that is what would have been written in the document . 
  russia goes beyond that . 
  when hezbollah kidnapped some russia diplomats they kidnapped the children of the major leaders of hezbollah . 
  nothing was done iirc but they have n't had the guts to touch russia since .
