  he 's one of the `` britain alone in the sea '' true believers . 
  he wo n't actually want anything special out of europe . 
  it would be an easy exit as we 're going to go full suicide . 
  the great irony is greece does n't want macedonia because it was never part of greece . 
  none of it is really true . 
  roman civilisation collapsed completely in the west and was replaced by a largely germanic civilisation ( whether lombards , franks , goths , saxons or whatever ) . 
  then the germanic civilisation eventually decided to claim some heritage to ancient rome because it is all civilised and shit and we 're civilised so obviously roman . 
  then the enlightenment came and practically created a whole new thing that is n't especially built upon any of the previous stuff . 
  at some point romanophilia took off again in the 18th century and tried to claim a direct and unbroken lineage to rome but practically any history from the victorian era is to be treated with suspicion . 
  generally when looking for macedonia i first look at all the areas that are n't macedonia . 
  it is one of them . 
  it is more like asking a modern american if he can speak a celtic language because america was added to britain after it was conquered by saxons/normans . 
  also odoacer did sort of send the ere the regalia of the wre and said `` yeah one empire over there and i mean over there '' . 
  macedonian was where greek macedonia is . 
  the romans rearranged some provinces and added modern slavic macedonia to historic macedonia . 
  they knew there was no plan because remain kept telling them there was no plan . 
  the whole leave campaign said `` hell there 'll be two years after a50 to talk about actually having a plan '' . 
  then people were confused there was no plan after the fact . 
  that is the official justification . 
  the real reason leave had no plan is any plan necessitates them dropping the `` there will be unicorns '' act . 
  when you start actually trying to put forward a real plan you start running into the inevitable compromises . 
  it is like having a thermos flask . 
  you can put ice cream or coffee in there but once you start planning you know you ca n't have both . 
  the leave campaign worked on selling the ice cream to one side and the coffee to the other . 
  if they had to admit that they can not have ice cream and coffee they 'd have lost the vote . 
  it was entirely possible for them to put forward a broad framework as the starting point of what they wanted post leave britain to look like . 
  they did n't because by not doing it they were able to promise mutually incompatible benefits to their support base . 
  to be fair you actually can not negotiate until article 50 is triggered . 
  informal negotiations are and always have been utterly meaningless . 
  hell officially negotiated deals usually are n't worth the paper they are written on , never mind informal talks . 
  27 members have a veto . 
  it is pointless having a quiet chat with 1 or 2 of them ahead of time . 
  the truth is nobody on either side even knows what an acceptable deal will look like . 
   what makes this complicated is that we have a conflict between two basic rights actually it does n't . 
  there is no unabridged right to impose upon children . 
  the rights of a child are held in trust by the parent but that is a limited relationship and does n't extend endlessly . 
  there are things i can do as an adult that i could not impose upon a child under my guardianship , even if the child themselves was in agreement . 
  the right to domination over a child does not exist and we should not pretend it does . 
  you realise the study that showed reduced hiv transmission literally included the recovery period from the newly circumcised men ? 
  as in ok lets perform genital surgery on these men , now lets go away and see who gets the fewest infections . 
  i guess the newly circumcised men were having less sex in that time . 
  the medical benefits of circumcision are only upheld by the ama ( and even they are wobbling on the point of changing their position ) . 
  the who also suggests it might make sense in the third world , though the study they are using has serious issues . 
  overtime far more evidence is being debunked than upheld . 
  it is only still contested at all because all new studies will all new claims and all new experimental biases keep popping up . 
  poland is in a different place because of the warsaw pacts approach to religion . 
  i think all european nations had their influence . 
  it tended to centre around those three because people would move to institutions there ( bloody immigrants ) . 
  despite their claims the cut to corporation tax did reduce tax income . 
  it only went up temporarily due to companies deferring their tax payments until the rate was lower . 
  there should n't be a manual step involved in managing this . 
  yet the core of the modern european identity was formed largely in britain , france and germany . 
  enlightenment ideals , liberty , rationalism , etc. 
  even nationalism is a very modern and very western european idea . 
  tbh we actually have only a superficial relationship with civilisations of antiquity . 
  the philosophical problem is solved . 
  it is now just waiting for older generations to die out frankly . 
  this is how every major social change happens . 
  it seems controversial until the people opposed are gone . 
  you seem to suggest smaller businesses are the problem . 
  this is n't the case . 
  in the uk 70 % of the economy is in small and medium enterprises . 
  huge multinationals are largely attachments to western economies that are built on much smaller organisations . 
  if anything economic stalling internationally has been because the small economy ca n't develop . 
  it is the huge gulf between nations like russia and china and the west . 
  the iron curtain even ruined tea . 
  according to the link below norway 's ongoing annual expenses multiplied by the population disparity in the uk would alone account for 108m euros a week . 
  there are additional expenses on top of this they also pay as part of the deal . 
  not really . 
  what is taught is the danger of appeasement when stronger action resolves a crisis before it is a crisis . 
  this was never the case with saddam . 
   no , the cost is not the same . 
  practically it is . 
  because we will not have a rebate it will end up roughly the same price per person . 
  other nations still have a veto though . 
  to be fair to poland their economic growth has been so unshakeable they 've just consistently been short of the target . 
  they are trying but they are becoming richer too fast to easily hit the target . 
  she 's too much of a moralising lunatic to be thatcher . 
  i 'd say she 's one of the taleban wing with some thatcherite economic leaning . 
  while older people might have been in favour of the eu the leave vote is split between the hard left and right . 
  they agree on nothing but being out of the eu . 
  the pro-eu vote is by and large politically coherent on a great many issues . 
  it is also the case that while older people have large turn out so do the educated who form the bulk of the pro-eu vote . 
  the interesting thing is the anti-globalist political movement has drastically increased the power of global capitalism . 
  to be fair home recycling has incredibly questionable benefits when something like 98 % of waste is industrial . 
  at best home recycling is about teaching kids the value of recycling so they might back laws fixing the real problem 30 years from now . 
   david cameron was hoping that by holding the referendum he could blackmail more concessions out of the eu . 
  that is n't really true . 
  cameron only wanted to avoid losing an election to a back bench revolt . 
  he never cared about reform . 
  the whole thing with the celts is a mess . 
  bouedica is basically a brythonic leader . 
  so we have a celts with a brythonic leader but with cities that are primarily scottish . 
  it is like they have n't even tried to be accurate . 
  to be fair there was no indication of if the outgoing monarch would resist or not . 
  parliament wanted him and he came and literally accepted every term put before him . 
  i 'd argue catherine the great . 
  must be something for a woman to even have a `` the great '' title . 
  the number of planes and boats is hardly relevant . 
  in war games our latest destroyers are literally worth 6 of the cold war era destroyers they are replacing .
