  we know enough that it wo n't work . 
  we 'll persist with economic weakness until the political careers of those in favour of austerity are finished . 
   the problem always being that the `` free loans '' have to come from somewhere , that `` somewhere '' always needs to expect they 'll get their money back that does n't happen in the us . 
  california , texas , etc pay year after year to the losers in the dollar . 
  the gap between the us and eu is that the us is a clear cut transfer union . 
  the rich pay for the poor ( at least on a state by state basis if not on a personal basis ) . 
  in fact the us has the opposite problem . 
  california are struggling because they can not simultaneously subsidise the us and pay for themselves . 
  the eu is on opposite lock . 
  currently there is no mechanism to deal with inevitable monetary imbalances so there 'll just be eternal crises like this . 
  if they want to list numbers between 40 and 80 they should label them as such . 
  incomplete charts are less of a problem than misleading scaling . 
  only because you ca n't make vodka out of people yet . 
  yes some countries that benefit from tight monetary policy also did well . 
  this is n't a nationalistic rage . 
  you ca n't throw out decades of well understood economics just because the euro is your pet project . 
  monetary policy has winners and losers . 
  someone claiming otherwise is either ignorant or trying to sell you something . 
  fwiw greece can certainly improve but there is a difference between being fundamentally unsound and just being on the wrong end of the currency . 
  even if they fixed their underlying problems they 'll still be uncompetitive next to germany . 
  they 'd have to completely restructure their economy to be in line with germany to be competitive as well as get rid of their inefficiencies . 
  the problems are two tiered . 
  pretending germany does n't have an advantage in the eurozone is insane though . 
  all the while the weaker nations are in the euro it will create a net transfer of wealth to germany . 
  much as the policy in the uk causes a net transfer of wealth into london . 
  you ca n't `` solve the underlying problems '' . 
  germany has an economy that operates one way . 
  other nations operate another way . 
  the german model is n't more right . 
  the euro is just set up to benefit the german model . 
  if the euro was instead the pound then right now germany would be in serious trouble and britain could tell them they need to solve the underlying problems by the same token . 
  that would be equally as stupid a stance . 
  what we are really talking about is insufficient economic convergence . 
  something that every economist warned of when the euro started . 
   nothing of what was predicted actually happened , but the bullshit talk still continues . 
  are you serious ? 
  the current crisis is exactly what was predicted . 
  everyone said that monetary union would eventually necessitate fiscal union or cause a break up . 
  that is precisely what is happening . 
  if economists were involved in decision making the euro would never have been created . 
   next time you `` send troops to save us '' form one occupant remember not to sell us to the other one :p that bit was tongue in cheek . 
  we pretty much sold you out twice in ww2 . 
  what we mean is we are used to polish immigrants since you guys fought half the critical stage of the battle of britain for us after we so sent all those troops to save you from the nazis . 
  lots of people of polish descent here because of ww2 . 
  the obvious lie of it comes when you examine the sheer poverty of the empires during that period . 
  if anything the modern west is far more guilty of resource theft and exploitation . 
  it just is n't done under the auspices of imperialism any more . 
  yeah and one of the main reasons we can be critical of other things is i 'm not wasting my time thinking about commodities . 
  people who think that buying non-identikit consumer goods somehow makes them more free thinking is incredibly weird to me . 
  it is one of the most shallow of all common pretentious view points . 
  having it the de facto language is more pleasing . 
  that means not only is english what everyone uses it . 
  the mechanism is also very british !, 
  hft corrects mispricing . 
  yes it will crash markets . 
  when the entire market is mispriced like it was in 2008 . 
  the real problem with hfts is they do n't lie . 
  regardless your country can seal its own irrelevance in this market . 
  the rest of us will carry on . 
  nobody is just giving freedom to bankers and financial markets . 
  we are trying to get capital adequacy up . 
  something the eu is resisting . 
  almost as if they do n't want a good idea because it makes their terrible idea look bad . 
  a big part is contracts are already in place . 
  you ca n't just rip them up . 
  not without getting freed by the americans anyway . 
   to prevent activity fleeing the ftt zone , the commission proposes to tax transactions on the basis of issuance as well as residency . 
  so buying a share in siemens , say , would incur the tax even if the counterparties were two american firms in chicago . 
  seriously ? 
  the ftt is suicide but this is like taking cyanide on a flight which is running out of fuel . 
  lets be doubly sure . 
  the net result of this will be pricing anomalies not just in the host country markets . 
  it will also cause mispricing of the assets of companies resident . 
  this will cause a net flow of real business out . 
  not just a flow of financial transactions . 
  as investors invest in non-ftt companies because they ca n't trust the pricing information of ftt resident companies . 
  it 'll be a subtle but real move . 
  siemens will find ge will get just a little more love from the investors than they do . 
  over many years this will add up . 
  i did not know the 11 were this keen on dying . 
   how can such a united kingdom be `` united '' and yet remain `` english '' and `` scottish '' ( and some other things as well ) ? 
  good question . 
  you 'll need to ask the scots after their referendum . 
  if anything the uk is learning it needs ever looser union . 
  i 'm happy to continue eating my horse beef . 
  they should n't have taken it off the shelves in the uk . 
  they should have relabelled , reduced prices and i would have bought it all . 
  yes after 100 years 275 % of the british population will be muslim . 
  consider me enlightened . 
  islam is not growing rapidly . 
  the heaviest projections put a 20 % muslim population by the end of this century . 
  that is assuming they all maintain first generation birth rates all the way through to 2100 . 
  the muslim population looks to be growing so fast only because of its small base . 
  atheism is growing massively . 
  far faster than islam . 
  atheism has grown by 20 % of the british population between the recent census and the one before . 
  for comparison the british muslim population is 5 % . 
  as in atheism was bigger than it before and grew by more than the absolute size of the muslim population in 10 years . 
  there are 4 times as many new atheists as there are muslims in total . 
  sorry mate but you are talking absolute shite .
