  that makes you a racist and people are starting to face up to the fact that this is n't some media distortion but simple truth . 
  technically napoleon was not a monarch . 
  iirc there was actually an election where he was picked as emperor . 
  i think the intended model was elected dictator for life . 
  it is n't the same thing and napoleon , dictator or not , did n't act like a king in terms of the policies he pursued . 
  i half expected this to look like the pineapple map . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  by the time you have a revolution it is already too late . 
  the people who make that decision probably are n't moderates that can be swayed . 
   brits are still too nostalgic for the pound tbh the pound has outperformed the euro for the entire length of their concurrent existence . 
  the pound has dropped from its height of 2:1 against the dollar but even now we are benefiting from an independent currency . 
  in fact at one point the uk was the only third party actually investing in the euro . 
  a huge amount of legitimacy was given to the currency in the early years when the international markets were terrified of it . 
  having the boe as the first outside institution that holds major reserves in your currency was a huge benefit to europe . 
  there has n't been flip flopping . 
  there has been steady move in one direction with some statistical outliers . 
  there was +21 % in favour of leaving at the end of 2012 . 
   or did they not overthrow their monarchs because they were already well run , stable countries ? 
  nearly every monarchy that survived in europe was always a constitutional monarchy or became one . 
  i mean in the uk the magna carta was signed in 1215 . 
  it is n't the grand crippling of the king it is made out to be but it was a good first step that established the principle and eventual fact of parliamentary supremacy and the concept of a king that was limited by law . 
  france was obviously an absolute monarchy ( the absolute monarchy perhaps ) . 
  france was a stable country but people do n't like being ruled by a dictator who puts himself above the law . 
  i 'm nominally a republican but being realistic there is a reason monarchies survived in some places more than others . 
  not to mention that slavery ended because the uk bought out every slave in the empire . 
  ironically one argument they are making is that because the empire nearly bankrupted itself doing so that britain is more evil because we are n't paying reparations several centuries later . 
  did n't russia claim to be the third rome ? 
  we should ask them for reparations . 
  originally . 
  de gaulle made that comment himself during ww2 . 
  yes but at some point you have to draw a statue of limitation under all that and move on . 
  russia are still partying like it is 1799 . 
  it is fairly reasonable to criticise somebody for actions that are out of place for a good few centuries . 
  he wanted to position france as its own power and saw the eu as his tool to do so . 
  it was nothing to do with making the eu better and everything to do with making france better . 
  the man said so himself , nations do n't have friends but interests . 
  the us is aware of the problems with this and routinely transfer huge sums of money between rich and poor states . 
  the dollar is really not a good comparison . 
  the dollar is propped up internally by massive state to state money shifting to take money from the winners of the dollar and give it to the losers . 
  it is one of the few uncapitalist things the us does . 
  well there is no darkness that people are being thrown into . 
  it is emotive language which does n't actually mean anything . 
  if he 'd said `` the currency block ends up with the strong countries exporting their unemployment to the weak countries '' then it 'd be a firm and probably accurate statement . 
  russia brings in traditional form of democracy where the people are the ones being ruled . 
   nearly every country tried to pull that shit not long ago . 
  no , this is n't true . 
  britain did n't try to annex calais after the napoleonic wars . 
  the only partners against napoleon who decided to get creative with map writing were russia and prussia . 
  britain and austria wanted a reset . 
  russia has a big history of just deciding it wants its neighbours land . 
  outside of this annexation ( outside of colonialism at least ) is a pretty rare thing . 
  other than some disputes about precisely where the borders were france has been the same nation for a very long time . 
  i know the devil went there once and lost a fiddle contest . 
  i drink your milkshake putin !, 
  meh we wo n't be offered a chance to vote to keep the social chapter . 
  if the tories put a referendum on it there 'd be a massive vote in favour of keeping it . 
  there is already a lack of democracy because the tories are n't going to seek a mandate before they screw over the british people . 
  the tories are pretty much trying to blackmail pro-europeans to support their removal of the social chapter or leave the union altogether . 
  i 'd choose to leave the union and come back later . 
  well the crimean war did n't happen then . 
  it is interesting looking at the `` reform '' graph . 
  if the tories get the changes they want out of the eu i 'll be voting to leave so that the eu is n't damaged . 
  rejoining at some point would be inevitable with how aged the sceptic population is . 
  i 'd rather leave an intact eu and join again later than stay in a gimped on . 
  where does it show that ? 
  there is a 1 % increase which is a statistical error . 
  these figures suggest britain is even more pro-european . 
  those polls suggest a trouncing larger than the one the av campaign got . 
  / / edit - apologies i was reading the wrong graph . 
  it does suggest a narrowing . 
  it is one of the things missed in all this . 
  scotland started the gay marriage debate . 
  even though the legislation has gone through more slowly than in the rest of the nation . 
  that was the year after britain finally put an end to all slavery in the empire without exception . 
  the french were the first nation to offer to reciprocate and signed a treaty with the uk committing both nations to see the end of the trade * . 
  this came after 20 years in which the nations had agreed to officially let the past lie following napoleon . 
  crimea really sealed the alliance and german unification made it a national imperative for both nations . 
  the critical moment that tested it imo was the second revolution in france and britain immediately saying `` meh republic or monarchy is all good '' . 
  that suggested a depth of relationship that had moved beyond the superficial `` you monarch , me monarch '' basis following 1815 . 
  that leads me to believe it would have happened with or without german unification . 
  * denmark also signed on with the uks abolition league . 
  i think the whole gay marriage thing here got perilously close to seeing the church finally disestablished . 
  i think the coe in particular is finding itself increasingly out of sync with the views of the average british person . 
  ozymandius tricks the world into thinking dr manhattan ( a man who is essentially a god ) destroyed numerous cities in the us and ussr in frustration of how stupid humanity is . 
  this stopped inevitable nuclear war by uniting the two sides against a common enemy . 
  also it stripped the us of their defence since dr manhattan was essentially a one man anti-icbm shield . 
  the alliance with france predated germany unification . 
  it really got serious in 1835 iirc . 
  the huge turn around in the uk probably accounts for a lot . 
  from 30:51 in favour of leaving to 42:36 in favour of staying in 18 months . 
  always easy to say you 'll leave when the option is n't on the table . 
  that is millions of people who are suddenly content with being in the eu . 
   brits hate europe so much i do n't hate you guys . 
  if it were n't for you we 'd have nobody to moan about !, 
  it is a hell of a turn around from the days of section 28 . 
  it is really strange . 
  i 'd have describe britain as a moderately homophobic country 20 years ago . 
  today even attitudes are very different . 
  it is something where the population has changed faster than the law . 
  every place needs its circus act .
