  it is a different geographical location . 
  the romans tacked on a chunk of extra land to its province of macedonia when they conquered the area . 
  that extra chunk of land is the modern day republic of macedonia . 
  joining the euro is still part of the requirements for joining the eu . 
  it is conjecture that claims scotland will be barred . 
  given that spain have already said they have no problem provided the uk agrees there is little basis to that conjecture . 
  the entire purpose of the eu is to have everyone in it . 
  i never understood hazing rituals . 
  what are people going to do if you tell them to go fuck themselves ? 
  apart from the entire point of the eu being to have european countries in there . 
  scotland already will meet all the convergence criteria . 
  the only barrier might be spain because of their internal issues . 
  in all likelihood scotland will then be independently invited into schengen and the market while the political bullshit is fixed . 
  somebody needs to do a timeline of eu growth before and after the death of charles de gaulle . 
  you guys held off the nazis for two years . 
  i was disappointed it was n't `` why is estonia big ? 
  i do n't think the figure is the issue . 
  i think the specified means of doing it is the biggest problem . 
  on environmental matters the eu has been micromanaging and it is causing more problems than it solves . 
   $ 1.8 per beer . 
  that does n't seem that cheap for 250ml . 
  it is getting towards an average of # 3 for 568ml in the uk * . 
  in belgium this would be # 3.3 at these prices . 
  * varies a lot regionally . 
  my local club still does # 2/pint, 
  the euro spring already happened . 
  all these `` springs '' are named after the spring of nations in the mid 1800s . 
  when a whole bunch of monarchies celebrated their victory over napoleon by becoming republics , at least for a bit . 
  yeah when it boils down to it good algorithms are good algorithms . 
  i 'm amazed at the number of people who think the nsa have a back door into aes . 
  if the entire worlds host of cryptographic experts ca n't find such a thing then what makes people think the nsa can ? 
  now european vetted implementations might be a good thing . 
  because that would be part of any agreement . 
  in all honesty i 'd expect such a deal to be turned down . 
  the ukraine government are committed for better or worse now . 
  however it would rob them of the opportunity to claim they had no other reasonable choice . 
  tbh if they deal with us then they 'll have to stop being corrupt . 
  because lots of environmentalists what to shoehorn their own pet issues onto the agw debate . 
  personally i 'm not opposed to a big renewables spend , nuclear is n't really any cheaper , but honestly waste disposal is much less of an issue than agw . 
  agw is pressing enough that we 've considered putting a barrage on the severn . 
  that does incredible environmental damage but those are the stakes we are dealing with . 
  yes it helps them out tactically in this situation . 
  my point was more about what happens when they get beaten up . 
  that is going to happen a lot before they win . 
  this is a very hard thing to do . 
  if we wanted to really make things fun we 'd offer ukraine a financial incentive to deal with the eu in the short term . 
  yeah that is how this will work . 
  the eu can not impose sanctions because it would just drive ukraine into russian arms . 
  tbh a defensive line does n't really buy you much . 
  it is n't the dangerousness or the intelligence that will win . 
  it is cohesion and determination . 
  the only way that could happen is if the eu and russia could agree . 
  given that russia wants the eu out of ukraine this ca n't happen . 
   one would think that if things were great , there would be no need for such things all the nations doing alright do this . 
  germany , france and the uk mercilessly self promote . 
  yes my point was we could raise interest rates . 
  inflation will spike eventually but it wo n't be unemployment figures that will shift for it . 
  once unemployment goes down we 'll raise interest rates to control inflation . 
  home owners are about to enter the real world again . 
  tbh this comes from the very us centric definition of slavery ( i.e. 
  formal slavery with legal weight ) . 
  for most of history slavery did n't look like that . 
  most slaves were indentured servants where the terms were set up in such a way they 'd never practically be free unless somebody bought them out . 
  actual legalised slavery was a very new concept . 
  one of the reasons the british empire suddenly took an about turn on slavery was because of efforts to formalise it . 
  previously it was just a bunch of debt obligations and corruption that ended up creating slaves . 
  when people started to formalise slavery it caused problems . 
  technically there was no mechanism for legal ownership of people in british law . 
  faced with the prospect of either legally enshrining ownership of people or turning against the whole trade the empire did the right thing eventually . 
  libya pretty much underlined the logistical issues the eu faces . 
  france and britain were doing the job . 
  until we ran out of bombs . 
  well we 've kind of swapped roles with the french . 
  we pushed hard for intervention in the balkans , then had big deployments in the middle east ( one justified , one lunacy ) . 
  then we played our part in libya . 
  syria was an unnecessary conflict too far . 
  otoh i would have supported greater help for the french in mali . 
  / / edit - i think the big problem is blair has muddied the question of `` what does a justified war look like ? '' . 
  the british public are no longer trusting of our leaders when they make claims that require faith . 
  on top of that iraq settled the question that the pm has to ask parliament to go to war . 
  this means that it could always be a political minefield . 
  it is a good policy . 
  you 'll never get gender equality while you financially penalise one gender for taking on a non-traditional role . 
  if there were only a few hundred this would be over by now . 
  this has been going on for weeks , months , maybe years . 
  it is a trans-trebuchet and would kindly like that you treat it with the respect natural trebuchets are due . 
  what is the target ? 
  a ballista would do a better job if the target is the police lines . 
  hope you guys get a sensible conclusion to all this without firing the artillery in anger . 
  if they did then there would n't be talks . 
  biggies tour of turkey is already common knowledge . 
  cameron did propose financial firewalling and increased capital adequacy . 
  he was ignored because the eu 's concept of financial regulation is to tax the uk . 
  i 'm one of these people who like to pretend i 'm training legs so i can look superior to everyone else . 
  the geographical realities of the east made it easier to defend . 
  constantinople sits in a very particular place that enabled it to shield the bulk of the eastern empire from barbarians . 
  this meant that when the gothic and hunnic migrations started the eastern empire only had to defend moesia ( something it failed at numerous times ) and it would force the migrations further west . 
  while the eastern empire failed to stop both goth and hun it did force nearly every germanic tribe into the western empire as they fled the goths and huns . 
  that caused the economic collapse of the west as it fell to anarchy . 
  there was an interesting period where an emperor would rise in the west and overthrow the eastern augustus .
