  delta , as the sas members who 've gone public have stated , are useless in the desert . 
  the us deploys them there occasionally because hell we have these special forces so lets use them . 
  however delta are specialised for storming planes and buildings . 
  where the 250lbs of muscle soldiers are n't going to suffer from long term hardships without proper food . 
  they are better at storming planes than the sas simply because of the specialisation . 
  it is n't their fault that politicians ca n't understand what specialisation is . 
  it is a debate worth having if this narrow specialisation or the sas generalist approach is more efficient . 
  however it is completely unremarkable that the sas would be better men in a general sense than delta force . 
  that is how the two forces are set up . 
  i think it is safer for the eu , europe at large and britain and france for there to be a renewed entente rather than a eu defence capability . 
  the reason for this is simple , integrating the military into the eu drastically alters the balance of power . 
  right now we have this interesting situation where a previously unshakeable franco-german axis has shifted apart on key economic issues . 
  the prevailing mindset in german politics is that the uk has things roughly right in terms of economics ( though goes too far ) and is prepared to let us tear into france in the european sphere to drive economic reform . 
  naturally germany steps in and ` compromises ' with a solution that pushes ever closer to what the uk wants anyway . 
  france ends up routinely forced to give ground or risk being seen as the awkward party . 
  at the same time the rough political aims of this axis have n't changed . 
  they disagree on implementation . 
  germany believes in the european project with an economic policy that is more like the anglosphere than was done previously . 
  france believes in the european project while grasping its state capitalist model . 
  there is n't an indivisible split there yet while britain gets enough from the relationship in the economic matters it cares about to kick up much of a fuss about the political aspirations on either side of the rhine . 
  eu defence capability will throw this balance into complete chaos . 
  while france is pushing for this the truth is the uk is the only nation that agrees with france in broad strokes on this matter . 
  others could be convinced and pulled along . 
  suddenly you 'll have germany using the uk as an attack dog on economic issues and france using the uk as an attack dog on military issues . 
  it 'll diverge wildly from there . 
  firstly the uk will end up under even more political pressure for being the aggressive party in the union . 
  it would also see france and germany more starkly at odds in the public eye . 
  i do n't think the political axis could survive being at complete odds over intervention and economics . 
  once your foreign and domestic policies are alien then what are you left with ? 
  going down the route of a renewed and expanded entente otoh has a completely different dynamic . 
  firstly a renewed franco-british axis will alter how britain treats with france in the eu . 
  that relationship will have to thaw in order for the military alliance to work . 
  it also keeps germany out of the picture altogether . 
  germany never has to face up to the fact it is completely at odds with its two largest partners , because it wo n't be a partner on this . 
  finally the entente fundamentally works . 
  some awkward questions need to be answered ( i.e. 
  what happens if suez comes again ) and appropriate scope and operational parameters need to be redefined ( i.e. 
  this is n't 1920 , we are n't policing the world ) . 
  higher wages . 
  gigantic cultural output ( albeit pretty homogenised , regional us cultural output does n't seem to reach international exposure ) . 
  for all that they are a young nation their constitutional settlement has existed pretty much the entire life time of the country . 
  compare to france or germany who tend to go through constitutions at an unheard of rate . 
  however much people dislike us politics being able to stick to one system effectively for so long is to their credit . 
  tbh i struggle to find a huge number of things that are different and better . 
  the great thing about the us is they are so similar to us over here in comparison to a great many nations out there . 
  tbh it pretty much does put an end to neutrality . 
  all the current eu members are signed up to defend each other against aggression . 
  that is n't neutrality . 
  churchill 's argument was somewhat different . 
  his view was that people have a right to be stupid . 
  hence `` worse form of government other than all the others we 've tried '' . 
  churchill 's statements on this take the exact opposite position , despite saying roughly the same thing . 
  the churchill position is `` look at these idiots , it is important that they get to have their say '' . 
  of course i by no means support the swiss position and think the eu has few options but to reciprocate by refusing market access . 
  rump uk . 
  yeah and scotland is very much a special case . 
  it would actually be an interesting test of the agility of the eu mechanism . 
  if it forces a nation that so obviously matches the criteria as scotland does to march through a long winded process then my faith in the eu would be badly shaken . 
   it 's not a `` dish '' , it 's a. . . snack ? 
  you ca n't have mititei as a meal , it 's something that goes with beer . 
  make them three times as large and serve with chips . 
  sell at 2am in the morning . 
  suddenly you are very welcome in the uk . 
  the cow heart stew looks delicious . 
  loads of these people are simple criminals . 
  the truth is the people who did n't get a share of the loot from the gfa are pissed off . 
  they just do n't have the infrastructure necessary to carry on their `` war '' . 
  essentially when adams and co achieved relevance and a big pay off they left a lot of their supporters out as ex-revolutionaries . 
  hopefully the left overs will never be able to build up a criminal network like the old lot did . 
  they certainly wo n't have an easy source of international funding any more . 
  the eternal empire of ever more stars . 
  is it because the us is too large or because they do n't obey the principles of their union ? 
  dc stole the power from the us states a long time ago using a combination of a badly defined/interpreted commerce clause and the general power of the purse . 
  it is n't as federated as it should be . 
  would it be a more functional union if it was ? 
  the eu looks culturally more like the ussr than the us . 
  for instance the us has a famous melting pot culture . 
  everyone sacrifices and adds something in theory . 
  the ussr had more serious cultural blocks . 
  entire regions were muslim . 
  others culturally non-russian . 
  fwiw i think russia screwed this up completely but we can learn something from their mistakes . 
  i also think there are lessons to learn from china and india . 
  particularly in the latter case if we ever see albania join . 
  india has to deal with the issue of muslim regions in a non-muslim majority country . 
  focusing on the us alone would be short sighted . 
   well if you look at the history of the eu , it has been on a path of ever closer union for long , and as time has passed the integration speed has just increased . 
  that is largely because the wishes of the population have been put aside . 
  in truth the eu needs breathing time to deal with its current reality . 
  it also needs to answer some serious constitutional questions that hang over its future . 
  particularly with regards to democratic legitimacy . 
  as it becomes more and more its own thing rather than just a club of nations it needs a more direct mandate . 
  because it is inevitable that the outs will eventually be pulled in . 
  the combined power of a eurozone federation would inevitably be irresistible . 
  the independence of those nations would inevitably depend upon the whims of the new state which will of course one day turn sour ( as all nations will at some point ) . 
  scotland thinks it should be 29 . 
  yeah there really is no need to change the name . 
  unless we go napoleon . 
  then it is european empire . 
   why are so many of you so enthusiastic about the eu .
