  which had a un mandate . 
  did n't say that i agreed with it . 
  just that i could n't help feel some degree of satisfaction seeing the terrorists being as terrified as their victims . 
  these small iraqs should unify into some yugoiraq or something . 
  there 's an ongoing genocide . 
  we should be intervening in ideal circumstances . 
  the only thing that makes me cautious is i 'm not sure we can help out the middle east with their lunatic problem while keeping pressure on russia . 
  although strategically one could help the other . 
  honestly as crazy as they are you ca n't help but having a begrudging respect for how russia deal with terrorists . 
  the eu has a fair bit of reserves on gas . 
  we 've been storing as much as we can for a while . 
  russia has had a `` you pay for x , if you only use y it is your fault '' system for selling gas and germany have been storing ( x - y ) for years . 
  it amazes me how the old left are rallying around a revanchist borderline fascist russia . 
  i mean are they serious ? 
  i know our media can distort the picture but treating the entire media as if it is part of a big conspiracy ( which is the only way i think i could believe russia are honest ) takes a rather special mind . 
  the biggest problem russia has is china has more to gain from alliance with the west than with russia . 
  the relationship with russia is important to them in terms of geopolitical balance but they are in no way intent on some kind of east v west conflict as russia is . 
  russia demonstrating again why appeasement is a bad idea . 
  there 'd have to at least be a federal income tax . 
  otherwise we 'd end up like the us under the articles of confederation . 
  with the federal body having responsibilities but no power to raise money to fulfil them . 
  looks like a church designed to look like the space shuttle . 
  yes that is talking about additional side effects due to other components in the apple . 
  the point is the sugar is no more good or bad for you because it comes from an apple . 
  if you manage to eat a hundred apples you will get problems . 
  yes, 
  tbh the bbc leans away from controversy . 
  it is sad but the modern bbc would never report on any dodgy dossiers . 
  if it is on bbc then it is probably factual . 
  any accusations of bias against them tends to focus on what they choose to not report . 
  is n't something like 5 % of most churches income spent on charity ? 
  even corporate charities that are essentially a giant tax dodging mechanism have a much better efficiency rate . 
  it is the same stuff in it . 
  just because it is concentrated does n't mean much . 
  100 calories of hfcs will do roughly the same thing to you as 100 calories of sugar from apples . 
  do n't know about vassal . 
  however protecting ethnic han chinese might be a term russia will hear in years to come . 
  fructose is sugar . 
  fructose syrup is what they put in all the vile food in the us . 
  pretending natural sugar is somehow not sugar is the most bizarre of naturalist fantasies . 
  which is meaningless because the rest of the world does n't really have the competencies of the west either . 
  trade with china is great if you want to live as you did during the 70s . 
  age of infrastructure is probably a better measure . 
  a lot of nations with ultra awesome broadband did n't have as well developed infrastructure as many western nations . 
  we have a time hole thing there as well or something . 
  it looks really fancy . 
  i propose we put the systems alliance headquarters there in the future . 
   thanks to putin so even the media is doing this now ? 
  honestly the eu needs a reciprocal embargo policy . 
  so that if russia bans imports of x from eu member y then the eu bans export of x from all eu members to russia . 
  the bbc does n't remove articles about scottish or welsh nationalist movements . 
  why on earth would it remove an article about a russia secessionist movement ? 
  yes but the original question was whether china would put a stop to this . 
  yes but abstaining is not a veto . 
  i 'd suggest they 've made their foreign policy clear over the years . 
  the sphere 's of influence thing was cited when they did n't block the libya intervention . 
  the arab league involved itself and china explicitly stated they felt that gave legitimacy to the call for intervention . 
  yes but china buy into the whole legitimacy of the government thing . 
  they do n't want every old idiot thinking they can overthrow the government . 
  tbh i think they 've leaned that way because they are getting flanked from the right by ukip . 
  there have been a few attempts to bring this american style evangelism to the uk but the public 's response is generally for them to go fuck themselves . 
  of course every foray into it by politicians has been wrapped up in caveats and such so they can backtrack on it . 
  yes but i ca n't imagine they are too thrilled about the way yanukovich was removed either . 
  also they do believe in the sphere of influence view of the world and see ukraine as blatantly in the russian sphere . 
  i have a good reason to eliminate the outliers . 
  i have a big car engine ( at least compared to these figures ) . 
  to be fair warsi was n't just there for image . 
  she was behind the whole `` suddenly we are all very religious '' shift the tories have taken recently . 
  as the article says , so did bush . 
  patriotic support only lasts for some time . 
  eventually russians are going to look in their pockets and realise who 's actually paid the price for this . 
  you do n't think russia carriers will get banned if this happens ? 
  it was intended to be an insult to russia . 
  i actually wish we 'd put more solidarity behind poland and the other partners russia picks on but such a policy has to be carefully thought out and committed to . 
  portugal discovered as second sensible eu nation which builds their buses up rather than around the corner . 
  russia will never sanction a major nation . 
  they precisely do not have the balls which is why their rhetoric has been driven at weak targets like poland . 
  putin has very carefully managed the situation so that while the west is `` the enemy '' , poland and co are seen as being worse than their puppet masters . 
  so putin can punish meaningless targets by the standards of geo politics and gain support at home . 
  if russia sanctions germany or the uk then all bets are off frankly . 
  there are other sources of oil in the world but russia are utterly dependent upon western industry . 
  an export ban to russia would send them into the stone ages . 
  tbh any particular set of oligarchs is at best a temporary issue . 
  russia 's path is downwards . 
  whether putin invents immortality and stays around forever or he gets replaced . 
  perhaps . 
  it is temporary though . 
  we have an option with china . 
  we could just give them what they want . 
  honestly it does n't really harm us directly if china claims the entire south china sea . 
  then their only remaining disputes are those with russia . 
  russia is already tumbling into irrelevancy . 
  the fact is we do n't need to sanction russia . 
  it is very close to decolonising half of its own territory due to population shrinkage . 
  within 50 years huge chunks of the border territory with china will have a chinese majority population . 
  how long do you think china will be content to forget outer manchuria for as well ? 
  the truth is russia needs miraculous help from third parties already to survive in its current form . 
  sanctions just accelerate the time line of its decay . 
  this is the only foreign language we know . 
  poland are going to get sanctioned more .
