  please suspend your invalid opinions immediately !, 
  the incredible thing about the restrictions on free speech in europe is it actually encourages more terrorist attacks . 
  i mean charlie hebdo had lead to them changing policy and many governments to table a new list of extremist appeasing bills . 
  why would you not stage more attacks ? 
  at some point we 'll have to accept that the appeasement model of fighting extremism has failed entirely . 
  taxes ca n't run a stimulus program . 
  the problem is borrowing is pretty limited when you down own your own currency . 
  the normal mechanism for states is pretty much to borrow from themselves and pay themselves back latter . 
  inside the euro this is impossible . 
  the official monster raving loony party . 
  the only sane people left in the uk . 
  not to mention it 'll be banned from flight over the us which makes it as workable as concorde was . 
  diversification can only happen if the productivity : wage ratio in russia becomes more favourable . 
  sanctions will likely end solely because the new oil price seems like it will stick around for a long time . 
  the combination is what has done the damage . 
  without western sanctions russia would have had options to ride the oil price adjustment out . 
  does n't really matter . 
  the main point of this is to put an end to the russian rearmament program . 
  russia ca n't be belligerent if it can no longer afford the vast and expensive military reform program it has run the last decade or so . 
  this is a clear foreign policy shift away from `` give russia room until it works this stuff out without invading neighbours '' to `` russia is a hostile country that needs to be contained '' . 
  ironically there was no containment program before ukraine . 
  there is now . 
  newer does n't mean better . 
  indeed the entirety of common law is built upon that principle . 
   and the necessary corresponding good faith laws . 
  tbh good faith laws are meaningless to the man who 's just been crippled because you moved a person with spinal injuries in a car crash . 
  liability rather than duty is a much more socially useful policy . 
  more harm than good is the norm . 
  people who really need help really need help from the right people . 
  well we are pretty much taught to call in an emergency number and then stay the bloody hell away . 
  it is drilled into you in school just how much you do n't know and how much harm you can cause to a person with your ignorance . 
  99 % of people are just not fit to make a solid judgement outside of narrow cases . 
  you are more likely to cause harm than good . 
  hence a general duty to rescue is not fit for purpose . 
  according to wikipedia  the only exclusion is that the person must not endanger their own life or that of others , while providing rescue . 
  that basically makes the law null and void . 
  common law is just honest about what it is . 
  you 'd be required to do so if the person is in your charge ( i.e. 
  your own child ) . 
  walking past a person in the street ? 
  nothing to do with you . 
  you are n't required to call an ambulance . 
  it would be a good thing to do of course . 
  taxes can be avoided by leaving the country . 
  with some restriction you can choose roughly what kind of tax regime you want to live under . 
  conscripts are generally arrested if they try to do that . 
  it is n't comparable to taxation . 
  i can leave a country to avoid taxes . 
  most nations with slave armies tend to have prison sentences on return if you dodge the draft . 
  if nations treated conscription like taxation then migration would be an option to avoid it . 
  being paid for being forced to work is still slavery . 
  slavery only requires compulsion . 
  the opposition is to slavery , not war . 
  the incredible thing about german inflation phobia is we all pretty much agree the weimar republic was trying to cheat its way out of the versailles debt in a knowingly destructive way . 
  it took a government trying to ruin the currency to actually ruin the currency . 
  despite this knowledge this irrational fear still drives german economic decisions to this day . 
  all of that stuff either already exists , is n't a real aspect of any treaty ( ever closer union is in the preamble , it has no binding power ) or does n't involve the eu . 
  national parliaments have a power to block legislation , it is called not ratifying treaties . 
  also migrations are limited by default when a new member joins and always have been . 
  this is cameron 's tough sounding demands for stuff we already have which the eu will graciously grant . 
  leading to a yes campaign based upon cameron 's grand victory over brussels . 
  every nation has disastrous military projects . 
  why would we expect different of the eu ? 
  no but the principle is the same . 
  unified design and construction of major military projects will save us all a lot of money . 
  to be fair to the italians . 
  in ww2 they were thrown into war with technology at least 10 years out of date and forced under the control of germany who sent them into all the unwinnable battles so no german officer got punished for it . 
  the uk is opposed to handing over it 's military to nations without one . 
  it makes more sense to run more unified military infrastructure projects like the eurofighter but there is n't enough political cohesion to have a joint army . 
  miracle economy intensifies !, 
  serbia is the gay ( not that there is anything wrong with that ) douchy dude who does n't have a job ? 
  you 'd think baltics and balkans would be relevance buddies . 
  sr was at the end of the 40 year process of scientists still trying to deny the implications of various observations . 
  yes this device is not a theory . 
  if there is a michelson -- morley style earth shattering change here there 'll be a theory at some point . 
  all i 'm establishing here is `` not disproved '' is literally all you 'll get out of any scientist at this point . 
  or put another way `` not disproved '' is the highest form of praise nasa could realistically give this device . 
  we had many observations that violated absolute space and time for decades . 
  the michelson -- morley experiment was done in 1887 and pretty much put an end to the viability of newtonian mechanics . 
  this after decades of rejecting the implications of maxwell 's unification of em and discovery of the constancy of c in 1865 . 
  einstein came about to put the final nail into the coffin of newtonian mechanics in 1905 . 
  he was n't the first to propose that space and time were not absolute by any measure . 
  he was merely the first to do so in a time period where the religious space/time absolutists were all dead . 
  essentially it takes 40 years for a paradigm shift to actually take place . 
  roughly how long it takes for middled aged scientists to die . 
  this is a well known property of science communities and it is n't even necessarily a bad thing . 
  again i 'm not saying the device violates conservation of momentum or even that it works . 
  only that even if it does we wo n't have scientists admit it until lots of people are dead . 
  there is no experiment or theoretical paper that could be done tomorrow to change this . 
  science advances by the death of scientists who refuse to admit they are wrong . 
  the net result is that scientific scepticism , in the absence of any evidence , is a complete null op . 
  that scepticism would equally exist for any theory , true or false , until those who were taught before it existed are dead . 
  that is exactly what happened with relativity , qm and frankly every other discovery . 
  even if this is true in the most insane sense it will be rejected by anyone who grew up with conservation of momentum being an indisputable fact . 
  theories change when people who refuse to accept the evidence in front of them die . 
  personally i 'm still betting that if this works it does so without violating conservation of momentum via some kind of quantum effect ( i.e. 
  some hawking radiation style particle/antiparticle pairing which preserves momentum while creating thrust ) . 
  in which case it still works but does n't say much interesting from a scientific perspective . 
  nope we had very low national debt by historic standards . 
  if labour were to blame for anything it was for their love of financial sector deregulation .
