  this is what grad students are for . 
  admittedly there is an interrim in which he 'll be a grad student and might need some help . 
  you are talking as if this is really about switzerland at all . 
  the eu is literally in an existential crisis . 
  the uk wants to leave . 
  most rich members want some kind of opt out . 
  the result of letting switzerland do what it wants will be the end of the eu as we know it . 
  yes but you have to start with the `` null and void '' part . 
  essentially the eu has the option of caving or throwing switzerland into the dark . 
  with the latter they can renegotiate from a position where the swiss are starving . 
  not a nice situation either way . 
  the eu probably has no choice but to be vicious . 
  well that is the thing with democracy . 
  you are free to shoot yourself in the foot . 
  just do n't expect those around you to vote to provide emergency care . 
  the problem is the treaties do not allow renegotiation . 
  the eu can not do that without also breaking the law . 
  so really if the eu wants the rule of law to prevail the only option is the nuclear one . 
  the eu will have to . 
  one of the big arguments in favour of us leaving the eu is we can just piss off out and get everything we want . 
  if the eu can not even stand up to switzerland then the argument will be that the uk can do whatever we want . 
  it 'll be disastrous for the eu imo if they do n't act strongly . 
  you 'll get a domino effect as nations all set themselves up to be the exception . 
  i 'm sure we can fix that one by accident or something . 
  one day pretend it does n't exist and see if anyone notices . 
  otoh you have lots of places you can go that are n't ni . 
  yes if you were upper class . 
  good luck if you were just some bloke . 
  hey wales needs clay . 
  more room for sheep purposes . 
  well in ck2 i once joined the byzantine empire as the duke of gwynedd and deheubarth in order to piss off the english . 
  it was hilarious seeing the purple/pink colour on the opposite side of the map . 
  of course we eventually went heretic and back stabbed our roman friends . 
  greece and anatolia were incorporated into wales . 
  french people really do n't like their politicians . 
  why do we hate them again ? 
  britain tries to use the contest to launch new stars ( or really old ones ) . 
  it is n't our fault that it turns out anyone with any talent is already successful . 
  who 'd have thought the free market actually works ? 
  they are a strong directive aimed at writing strong directives on the future of strong directives on the balkans at some point in the near future . 
  we must first plan the plan for the planning . 
  what i want to know is where the hell is summer ? 
  i 've had enough of shitty rain . 
  i 'd like slightly warmer rain . 
  night time bombing was hard . 
  it took the allies ages to figure out how to do it properly . 
  britain had an in depth system of scouting , marking and bombing the shit out of stuff that existed by the end of the war . 
  they should n't destroy ivory . 
  they should sell the ivory and use the money to hire mercenaries to hunt poachers . 
  destroy the supply of poachers . 
  i 'm saying that the fact there was a un mandate should n't be seen as confirming that a mandate was necessary . 
  there are plenty of conflicts where the un does n't have a say at all . 
  mali 's government invited intervention . 
  this does n't require a un mandate . 
  a un mandate is only required for conflicts that are none of your business . 
  how else will we feel better about ourselves ? 
  i 'll admit that i smiled a little when france beat them right at the end of the game last weekend . 
  i do try to be neutral but it ca n't be helped . 
   and who defines what a `` good cause '' is ? 
  that is a question that would need to be answered . 
  the problem right now is the german positions is that there is no such thing . 
  the crazy thing about the german position is that it is a reaction to a german past that modern germany would stand aside and let happen . 
  one of the biggest issues in modern day interventionism is the unsc mechanism has been broken by chinese and russian abuse of the veto . 
  given this we need to decide what alternative avenues we look to for legitimacy . 
  rather than the current status quo of basically doing what we want . 
  well in europe we believe the world was constructed by europeans . 
  all you need to know about welsh geography . 
  not real ____ inbreds | you | english | ____ | wannabe english, 
  i know that in wales we have these things called mountains . 
  the water falls on them and runs down hill . 
  thus no flooding . 
  what you do n't understand is that glorious sanitation is just hole in ground . 
  when this happens cleaning a car is a bitch . 
  snow just wipes off . 
  ice essentially needs a declaration of war . 
  not that i 'm a crazy person who goes to work when all the roads are frozen or anything . 
  we do n't do that in the uk . 
  we can get agreement with france . 
  we are n't far from the french on how we think about defence . 
  we are miles and miles from germany . 
  only truly corrupt people could claim that everything is honest . 
  it also makes it very difficult politically . 
  much harder to justify cracking skulls when the targets are giving you flowers . 
  half the time politicians are looking for an excuse to shift the crowd . 
  actions like this are a pre-emptive strike against that . 
  sadly at some point some `` revolutionary '' will screw things up for the protesters by being utter dickheads . 
  i 've always said it 'd be great if they got rid of the rest periods and defensive realignments . 
  turn based rugby does n't do it for me . 
  i like my rugby in real time . 
  eurovision is an event where you all put out shitty music and then vote based upon your political preferences . 
  it was a very edgy way to score bravery . 
  americans seem to love ads . 
  it seems a weird cultural phenomenon . 
  i do n't like naked corporate propaganda . 
  the more ads i see the harder i have to work to not be parted with my money for no reason . 
  we are talking about political consensus . 
  that is when politicians agree . 
  not the public . 
  consensus is a dictatorship of a minority . 
  consensus is how labour can take a country to war and not get punished .
