  at a time where a lot of european nations are coming off the binge and looking terrified of the future . 
  fwiw there is nothing special about romanians and bulgarians . 
  they are just the nations that were about to be open . 
  if both hours worked and productivity hours were true then france would be substantially ahead of the uk economically . 
  that they are similar it suggests that one or the other is a lie . 
  no doubt the normal stuff about france being a nation that does n't do anything is complete bullshit . 
  if that were true then the uk economy would be miles ahead of the french . 
  you are our mates over the channel . 
  of course we compare to you a lot . 
  the boe just bought a long term contract for envelopes pre-stamped with `` to the idiot in number 11 '' too . 
  too much has been invested politically now . 
  at best you 'll get what has happened in the uk . 
  where the government abandons its plan and insists that it has n't . 
   but it is not the case that the uk is always the member state arguing for less activity or blocking things . 
  we 've led the way on financial services regulation and ringfencing our banks -- and we have the most stringent capital and liquidity rules in europe . 
  that one is overlooked a lot . 
  the uk laws as they now stand are far more stringent on the financial sector than anywhere in europe . 
  we are opposed to the eu measures because they amount to a uk tax . 
  they do n't even hide it but openly talk of it in such terms . 
  the policy only exists at all because hollande represents the anti-uk faction in france . 
  he picks a fight over this to drum up support at home . 
  same rubbish our lot does . 
  well george osborne does n't actually care either way . 
  the tories are likely to lose the next election outright ( rather than being the best loser ) . 
  they are throwing anything they can at it . 
  if they threaten to leave the eu and do n't win , hell we would have upheld our policy , promise . 
  if they win then they can always wiggle out of it . 
  the slightest concession from the eu ( and we 'll get some token concession as usual ) will be hailed as a great victory ( two world wars , one world cup and an eu reform ) and now we do n't need a referendum !, 
  the more years that pass the more eurosceptics will be on the wrong side of the ground . 
  they likely wo n't even be punished for it . 
  as for driving reform . 
  the uk has probably done this more than anyone until recently . 
  it was the tories that walked out of the room and started throwing around threats and vetoes . 
  i 'm actually torn on it . 
  blair used the eu as a tool to bypass parliamentary sovereignty . 
  he did n't have to win a vote in parliament on anything he could get the eu to back . 
  that is a growing problem in the eu for me and one i 'd very much like to see reformed . 
  we can not have european leaders using the eu to bypass their sovereign bodies . 
  that is a big democratic hole in the system . 
  otoh blair probably brought the eu more into line with what we 'd like than anyone else ever has . 
  he pushed for a transfer of power to the ep . 
  he helped liberalise the economy . 
  he pushed forward cap reform . 
  of course if you rebuild those streets now the streisand effect will guarantee that they 'll look shitty on the internet forever . 
  the reality is of course closer to that the tories did n't win the election because people believed that backbenchers like this still dominated the party . 
  for the tories to win outright they needed to not exist . 
  yes but that is a temporary effect caused by britain bombing harder than everyone else in 2008 . 
  the fact britain has overtaken italy again ( we did actually fall behind italy ) and is currently steaming ahead of the eurozone average is a big indicator of the problem . 
  also it is about more than just economy . 
  italy should have a bigger impact on the eu in general . 
  we hear a lot about what germany , britain and france want in europe . 
  other nations tend to rally around one of these points based upon their needs . 
  italy should be another axis in europe . 
  in fact i think italy needs to lead any potential reform on the mediterranean and become the axis greece , spain , etc all look to . 
  i do n't think the current big three represent those nations properly . 
  i do n't think reform is possible in the mediterranean without some leadership from the mediterranean on the matter . 
  yeah it is n't an easy question . 
  it is one europe must answer though . 
  if all these things were easy to fix we wo n't be here debating that they should be fixed . 
  every time britain has tried to do that it has failed . 
  even famous instances like cap rebate and euro opt out happened because a serious number of nations agreed with us . 
  nearly everyone agreed cap was ( and is ) a mess . 
  it was just a french hard line that made general reform impossible . 
  the cap rebate was allowed through because those who wanted reform knew it would be a gaping wound that would keep cap reform on the agenda . 
  it has worked to an extent ( though it is still an insane construction ) . 
  the debate about the british rebate has driven a lot of change to cap . 
  the euro opt out enabled a whole swath of countries to opt out . 
  yes but at the time britain was still a bit of a basket case . 
  italy has been better and britain has been worse . 
  i 'd like to see italy as a fourth power . 
  i do n't understand why they are n't . 
  the roman empire ruled the west right up until the point that it did n't . 
  does anyone deny the need for reform ? 
  it is pretty clear that we need to finally get the mediterranean nations up to speed . 
  there is no reason italy ca n't be on par with britain , france and germany in all things . 
  there is no reason for greece to be poorer than the netherlands . 
  then there is the , currently progressing , need to bring the eastern members up to speed . 
  the question is if the reform involves more europe or less europe . 
  it could go either way . 
  of course there are multiple problems with what osborne is saying . 
  the ip proliferation in the us is not a good thing for instance . 
  that comes back to not easily being able to put our finger on what the way forward is . 
  some poorer people . 
  other poorer people have a job because of the increased market opportunities immigration creates . 
  what about empathy for the larger number of brits who 'll be out of work if we shut the gates and tank our economy ? 
  can we spare a thought for them as well ? 
  when we 've fully embraced being wishy washy we can decide to either have empathy for n people today or m people tomorrow where m  n . if you wish to minimise the number of empathies you have to give out then clearly staying where we are is the best option . 
  the whole reason we have immigration is so we can look after our own . 
  this is the government trying to massage the population figures so the ratio between working and retired people is larger . 
  the fewer migrants we have the harder it will be to look after our own . 
  those migrants are paying taxes which pay for pensions . 
  as usual it was britain + others but we 'll get all the bad headlines . 
  yes the s-300 is the big exception . 
  the patriot is spotty . 
  everyone has their own firmware for it . 
  the israeli patriots are probably better than the stock models . 
  it really depends what you are talking about . 
  most developed nations have a lot of tech that is brain dead and a lot of stuff that very few people have . 
  the us is pretty much the only nation who have the absolute best in every category . 
   do you have some sort of break-down of this ?
