  this was the theory britain and france held before ww2 . 
  there is a bit of both here . 
  the us distorts the picture with a ridiculous pork lined military expenditure . 
  otoh many nato states are well below the 2 % margin defined in the treaty that realistically amounts to a reasonable expenditure . 
  the us will not cut military spending if the rest increased theirs though . 
  sadly nothing has really changed . 
  homoeopaths can probably demonstrate damage to their bottom line if somebody points out their entire field is complete bollocks . 
  corporate criticism should be legal in all circumstances . 
  it should be on the corporation to demonstrate that a lie has been told before a case is even granted . 
  the epo are not an eu body . 
  it has been on the cards ever since the lisbon treaty was passed by basically pissing all over the populations of a few countries . 
  yes but it is more akin to say a code of conduct violation in work than a legal breach . 
  the only real power the eu has to enforce the rules long term is to kick people out . 
  it does n't need full political union . 
  the reason political union is on the table is one side does n't trust the other . 
  possibly justly . 
  i do n't think there should be referenda on treaties . 
  however treaties are not law in the normal sense . 
  pretending they are is n't useful . 
  what is the penalty for breaking international law ? 
  who is judge ? 
  who enforces it ? 
  not a legal system . 
  it should n't even be called law to be frank . 
  it was better when they termed international laws as conventions because that is what they are . 
  yes and now a greater dose of common sense needs to be applied to fix the situation in the eurozone . 
  the discussion needs to start with `` how do we stop these economies from tanking ? '', 
  then it can move onto whether that is legal and if not what do we change to make it legal . 
  i 'd say yes it is . 
  that does n't necessarily mean that the treaty is incorrect . 
  only that democracy is not a justification or defence of it . 
  international law is not like civil law anyway . 
  it is at best a gentlemen 's agreement between states and is subject to being tossed out pretty much at whim . 
  that is how it has operated historically . 
  it is n't even possible to have a legal system between peers . 
  every working legal structure in existence has a higher authority seen as legitimate by all participants . 
  i dislike the idea of political parties saying `` that was somebody else '' in terms of international relations . 
  a state is an entity and the government is its board of directors . 
  a new leadership owns responsibility for all the past decisions . 
  i agree germany did n't go wild with the break . 
  however germany was the one who said `` the rules are really guidelines '' . 
  also everyone knew what greece were when they entered the system . 
  nobody brought up the rules then . 
  regardless of all this the law is a tool rather than a dictator . 
  sensible people look to the law as a system of guidance but will ignore it when matters dictate they must . 
  i do n't believe in doing your duty even if it damns you and most modern ethics recognise that . 
  hence why we do n't lock up a starving man who steals a loaf of bread . 
  as it stands retreating to the legal angle is dodging the issue . 
  the rules tell you absolutely nothing about how we solve this current crisis . 
  i 'm not upset . 
  i 'm pointing out that there is no democratic defence here . 
  the system is inherently undemocratic . 
  if it were democratic the euro would not exist . 
  i think the lack of a punishment clause does n't mean that arbitrary punishment is acceptable . 
  talking about the lack of democracy in the context of the eu is laughable . 
  show me where i voted for the eu fiscal pact . 
  what punishment did the law specify for breach of the rules ? 
  if the law made no specification then it is n't a law at all . 
  if it allowed any punishment then the law in unconscionable and any reasonable person would ignore it . 
  if the law has a solid and reasonable specification for punishment then i assume driving the economy of the weaker member into the ground is part of it ? 
  law really is n't the issue . 
  if the law has been broken i suggest fines be doled out . 
  then we can worry about the far more important pragmatic considerations . 
  everyone ignored the laws . 
  including germany . 
  if you want to drive all of europe into poverty over breaking the fiscal pacts then germany and france were the first culprits . 
  an eternity of blair is better than a moment of farage . 
  being pragmatic but evil is better than being moralising but a bit daft . 
  br cost far less than the current system though . 
  the truth is the privatisation of the rails was a bad gamble . 
  the tories expected the rail service to be dead and that has n't materialised . 
  privatisation was sending the service into the wilderness to die . 
  it is the same way the word depression got dumped from economic literature because of the great depression . 
  technically depression and recession are the same thing . 
  there is a huge degree of moralism over pragmatism in the whole debate . 
  the focus has been from start to finish on `` who is to blame ? '', 
  rather than `` how can we fix this ? '' . 
  there was a relevant concern with moral hazard at the beginning but that has long gone . 
  it also does n't apply at all to half the nations in the mire . 
  where is the moral hazard in ireland or spain ? 
  those nations were not run recklessly in good times . 
  they got caught out by an unanticipated move in the tides . 
  as for those where there was a moral hazard , they 've already done enough . 
  greece has a primary surplus . 
  a naked bail out at this point is free of moral hazard because fundamentally their budget is in a place where it could be self sufficient with some temporary help . 
  / / edit - another point i 've forgotten is the whole rhetoric about expansionary austerity . 
  people are now pretending that `` nobody ever expected growth from austerity '' . 
  yes they did . 
  the argument was that the public sector choked the private industry . 
  that confidence in a balanced budget ( something no sane industry will ever give a shit about , why does google care if britain has an interesting budget ? ), 
  would cause investment . 
  the fact this argument was made and is complete bollocks needs to be recognised as well . 
  essentially this is a `` naming rights are not a thing '' market . 
  i agree with your model but it would require far reaching and substantive changes to how we understand global trade law works . 
  the us has been driving hard on the principle that ip rights are not only not a problem but should actually be vastly extended . 
  it is a major sticking point over the free trade treaty . 
  there is no way they are going to sit quietly while we tell starbucks they ca n't charge whatever they like for their naming rights . 
  that is how it works now . 
  the problem is that ip can pretty much be sold at any price , across national boundaries . 
  starbucks just sell their naming rights for `` all the profit starbucks uk makes '' .
