  expansionary austerity was a big argument back when this all started . 
  only since that never happened have people claimed otherwise . 
  the us debt is up dramatically . 
  what is down is their deficit as a proportion of gdp . 
  the girls on gonewild are both the wrong gender and too old for the pope . 
  does any western nation have a surplus ? 
  this is not about some mythical mark . 
  this is a direct comparison of austerity to stimulus . 
  as it is stimulus is working better and will likely continue to do so . 
  honestly this subreddit has some screws loose when it comes to economics . 
  people quote hayek as if the austrian school is n't considered a complete joke . 
  i 'm from the uk . 
  the us deficit has been dropping fast for a while now http://news.investors.com/blogs-capital-hill/112012-634082-federal-deficit-falling-fastest-since-world-war-ii.htm the us v the uk is an interesting comparison . 
  their deficit and debt were similar to ours . 
  their debt is now higher but their deficit has contracted in line with ours because of the fiscal multiplier . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how the us evolves now that their opposition has stabbed them in the back . 
  i suspect we 'll see the us struggle with the fiscal brakes slamming on hard . 
  debt is not deficit . 
  also no their deficit has been falling steadily as they 've stimulated . 
  their deficit has been dropping since 2011 . http://news.investors.com/blogs-capital-hill/112012-634082-federal-deficit-falling-fastest-since-world-war-ii.htm, 
  no it wo n't . 
  their deficit is in a much better position than most european countries . 
  the us has restructured . 
  what they 've done is a massive capital spending program as keynes dictates . 
  as the recession ends the us will have massively reformed infrastructure on which to drive forward . 
  it cut a lot at the beginning . 
  the economy tanked hard . 
  the government is currently running what could be described as the least insane form of austerity . 
  limiting deficit reduction to 1 % a year . 
  that is the rate that the fiscal multipliers suggest is ideal . 
  beyond that your economy starts to reduce fast enough that you may as well give up cutting . 
  we can sort of survive the current policy but it still is n't ideal . 
  the long term figures for stimulus will be better as well . 
  stimulus actually closes the deficit as quickly as austerity . 
  it just does it without gimping the economy . 
  there is no time period over which austerity is superior . 
  even though the us has foolishly joined us in austerity . 
  those extra years of growth while still cutting their deficit will give them a serious advantage as we exit the crisis . 
  their economy will be pushing from a position of strength having not tanked itself during the recovery . 
  debt is n't important . 
  ability to pay is . 
  the us deficit has dropped in line with the uk deficit . 
  really it is a terrible figure . 
  the british one increased so much because of our relatively low unemployment by european norms before the crisis . 
  something which is still relatively low . 
  11 % on an already high french base is a big increase . 
  frankly nobody should ever talk about percentages of percentages . 
  that is misleading . 
  north and south has always been a divide . 
  there is a voting block that basically contains britain , the nordic members and the netherlands that has been consistently on song since the beginning . 
  germany tends to support france ( which leads the other block ) but wanders over to the northern camp when it suits their purposes . 
   the finns , the dutch and the germans want to shift the euro zone away from the idea of greater pooling of liabilities , advocated by euro-federalists . 
  instead they want to strengthen the euro 's basic framework as set out in the maastricht treaty : each country must be responsible for its economic policies , within centrally imposed rules . 
  if that is their plan the i look forward to seeing this conversation again in 2030 . 
  remember last time it was germany who broke the rules first and signalled the free for all . 
  that will happen again . 
  somebody will light the touch paper and it will create inexorable pressure on politicians to take advantage . 
  people do n't say `` oh fuck the north , we 're going to be reckless '' . 
  it is a battle of attrition in the court of public opinion . 
  we can win some votes today if we just go over the line a bit . 
  we can win more votes tomorrow by going further over the line . 
  every election is a politician trying to face up to opposition prepared to break the rules slightly more than they are doing . 
  without a central mechanism of enforcement you will never get nations behaving . 
  of course the problem is the price of that mechanism is the bail out . 
  pooled sovereignty becomes pooled responsibility . 
  this is not an ethical issue . 
  you can not present it to nations as `` the right thing '' . 
  what you can do is impose systems that do the right thing regardless . 
  fuck the eu !, 
  we opt out !, 
  to be fair de gaulle did try to stop us joining . 
  it is funny because london is the complete opposite . 
  it is called moral hazard . 
  yes it is time to start dealing with it . 
  if scotland leaves and we put a dragon on our flag then we can have a dragon on our passport !, 
  much better than an eagle . 
  as a brit i must warn the netherlands to respect the independence of baarle-hertog !, 
  i 'd rather it the other way around . 
  the democratic will must always be direct in the primary legislative body . 
  i like the idea of the individual heads having veto power in the second house . 
  then again i 'm not sure if that is how the german system works . 
  in britain the second house only gets to veto or propose amendments . 
  anyway i 'd flip the current system . 
  give the commission veto power over parliament rather than the other way around . 
  it is a good pragmatic solution in some cases . 
  banks need to be wound down at some point . 
  at the height of the crisis it would have been irresponsible . 
  nobody was entirely clear what was or was n't broken . 
  now we can say with some authority that the death of a bank will or wo n't start a general collapse . 
  the levy is just a controlled wind down . 
  the south has the same problem the south has in europe . 
  monetary policy in the us benefits the haves more than the have nots . 
  the us just has a shared culture and responsibility so can institute a politically feasible transfer union . 
  i do n't think the public would care too much . 
  the question is if the eurozone can punish cyprus . 
  in truth they 've already done all they can in that regard . 
  the main reason cyprus and others do not leave the euro is that decision will cost their leaders power . 
  right or wrong no populace likes earth shattering change like that . 
  yeah crashing so hard that you hit dirt is considered a success in the austerity camp . 
  i suppose people have to literally crash through the ground before austerity will be considered a failure .
