  joan of arc and napoleon come to mind . 
   a russian foreign ministry spokeswoman said that the priority ahead of next saturday 's meeting should be to establish which syrian opposition groups are to be regarded as partners in the process , and which are `` terrorist '' and unacceptable . 
  the choice of who sits at this table will be the determining factor of how this works . 
  personally i 'd argue only isis should be excluded . 
  when you guys get excited bad things happen . 
  you need to be pessimistic for the good of europe . 
  service market integration is about getting regulation lined up across the eu so that a company meeting regulation in one nation automatically qualifies in another nation . 
  right now for most regulated services companies have to individually pass regulatory frameworks and get appropriate certification in every member nation . 
  this makes it difficult for trade in services to be done across national boundaries . 
  well it is only germany that is really opposed and germany who most wants the uk in the union . 
  if we use this to actually leverage germany into ending resistance to service market integration then all of this might have actually been worth something . 
  wo n't happen . 
  if there was open borders with the commonwealth anyone with any talent would flee the uk simply due to higher wages in canada , australia and nz . 
  we 'd see massive brain drain and the uk economy would struggle as a result . 
  it is why the talk of some renewed commonwealth system is all talk . 
  the referendum polling is a solid 10 % more in favour of staying in scotland . 
  it is not a myth . 
  people from west wales . 
  it is said they use base 12 maths out there !, 
  honestly a genetic study puts wales as the most ~ ~ inbred ~ ~ ethnically pure place in western europe . 
  hungarian education never ceases to impress me . 
  so hard to differentiate you guys to apply that rule safely . 
  yes other countries made it matter to you . 
  the french are too strong and thus can deal with economic issues sanely no matter what the rest of the eurozone says . 
  tbh those authentic castles do n't look very authentic either . 
  they look like manor house castles as well . 
  just the first example has n't even really tried to make that look like a castle . 
  [ i mean this is what an actual meant for war castle looks like . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2b/caerphilly_castle_january_2011.jpg ) anything made after 1500 is almost certainly not a real castle . 
  as soon as the theodosian walls fell the era of the castle was over . 
  poland can move west as much as it wants , it will always be eastern europe . 
  how does this work ? 
  i could understand when the pope was literally a sith lord but this new one seems mortal . 
  you are also the defined battlefield of europe . 
  15th place is such a disappointment . 
  damned kids and their `` i do n't want to be a drunken idiot like my parents '' nonsense . 
  has anyone tested this ? 
  just in case . 
   and anything rugby related eu is n't taking that away from us !, 
  their external threats were n't particularly a threat at this time . 
  they were n't continually on the brink of existential crisis . 
  maybe we will rename britain to `` the isle of woman '' to appease them . 
  that is with ni being miles away the most subsidised part of the uk . 
  to be fair most of those changes were brought about by `` we just got invaded by germany '' . 
  also france was fucked one way or another . 
  there was n't an alternative to revolution . 
  unless you count bankruptcy and collapse as an alternative . 
  the ancien regime had failed in as complete a way as one can fail . 
  they had no external threats yet still managed to be utterly doomed . 
  the french revolution , even given the restoration , created a france with one set of laws and one nation in which nobody was immune to taxation . 
  student union politics are basically unaccountable . 
  they need to be defunded badly but most students sensibly only give a shit about beer and sex . 
  especially as the pound crisis was caused by the erm . 
   the fed dumped dollars and aggressively bought euros showing the new currency had us backing . 
  the boe also bought loads of euros in this time frame . 
  that probably goes too far the other way . 
  i 'd prefer some kind of qualified majority thing where you need a clear x % but also at least y % in both blocks . 
  this way you do n't get continual 55/45 votes against the non-euro block without giving either group a hard veto . 
  depends what you are talking about . 
  from our perspective strasbourg is an unjustified privilege . 
  we 'd also argue that cap has locked in a transfer mechanism from the non-agricultural nations to the agricultural ones which is unjustifiable . 
  i 'd argue that the german opposition to service sector integration is entirely unfounded and born from a german desire to sacrifice the economic well being of others in europe to protect their own service sector from competition . 
  others would argue our opt outs ca n't be justified . 
  i seriously doubt the tories will go into a general rebellion over it . 
  labour will see cameron safely through any eu vote . 
  the question is how a two speed europe would operate . 
  the primary fear is the ez block would form a voting group that would just dominate the non-ez block . 
  that is why non-ez nations are opposed . 
  resolve this fear and a two speed europe could go ahead . 
  the problem is most of the areas needing reform are unjustified privileges that various nations have negotiated for themselves at various point in history . 
  nobody wants their unjustified privileges to go away . 
  so there 'll always be at least one person prepared to veto changes . 
  nope a nation being called the netherlands is too hilarious . 
  yeah it is surprising how banks will give out critical access to people who have information available on my facebook account . 
  they 've improved recently . 
  halifax actually asked me questions i struggled to give the answers to a few days back . 
  phone lines are open channels . 
  i could literally attach a receiver to your line and steal your bank details . 
  lastpass is end to end encryption of the kind where the corporation could n't comply with a decryption request even under rubber hose cryptanalysis . 
  it seems to be subject to the governments demands . 
   from whom are you hiding your credit card details ? 
  the myriad hackers out there who have a track record of trying to get hold of them . 
  the encryption is n't there to defend against government . 
  it is to defend against them . 
   banning pfs does n't make you more vulnerable to a third party . 
  yes it does . 
  hackers have a history of being able to break corporate networks . 
  end to end encryption means i 'm never relying upon companies like sony or talktalk being competent . 
  it takes the entire debate out of their hands because they and nobody else for that matter has the key . 
  the norm is every eu citizen resident in the uk gets a vote . 
  the government has already ruled them out . 
  we are already fiddling with the electorate by excluding europeans from the vote . 
  it is reasonable to say this is a vote for british citizens . 
  it is reasonable to say it is a vote for british residents ( who have the vote , this currently includes eu resident nationals ) . 
  saying both is just trying to fix the result . 
   how is this different to phone wiretapping ? 
  you do n't generally send credit card details over the phone . 
   any hacker will be able to access e-mails to be fair email is already pretty much an open channel . 
  if you are sending emails assume everyone is reading them . 
  one does not simply walk into poland .
