  the more modern technology is as far ahead of the cold war stuff than a repeating rifle is above a one shot gun . 
  what can be achieved with modern computing power and materials science is on a different planet to what was modern 30 years ago . 
  that is why the air and sea battle would go our way . 
  we have this technology and russia does n't even have prototypes yet . 
  land battles still boil down a great deal to the men . 
  to be fair there is a big gap between afghanistan and russia . 
  germany have been at the head of the people calling for territory to be sold to russia in exchange for a return to the status quo recently . 
  we spend more money but our competencies are much more balanced than russias . 
  a russian invasion in europe is a land war . 
  we 'd struggle against poland in a land war , never mind russia . 
  now if we 're talking about air or sea we 'd trounce russia , would n't be that kind of war though . 
  the us almost certainly would . 
  if anyone is in question it would be countries like germany . 
  the most likely scenario where nato betrays estonia would be germany appeasing putin and blocking nato assets from responding . 
  that is the likely way nato would collapse . 
  the free loaders within it baulk when the treaty is invoked . 
   europe 's combined military budget is larger , so are the raw numbers . 
   erm , i 'm fairly sure they did ? 
  sort of . 
  their official position was `` no independence in the foreseeable future '' . 
  their goal was economic development to increase the feasibility of independence . 
  yeah welsh independence is generally about as popular as the nazi party . 
  getting anywhere near numbers like this is a huge change . 
  maybe pc will hold a lot of seats at the next election ? 
  i think it means that the noises from the tory leadership contest have spooked the market into believing we are n't going to call this off after all . 
  do n't be daft . 
  that was before maastricht so was clearly the golden age of the british empire . 
  the thing is this does n't need to be a catastrophe to be the wrong decision . 
  it only needs to be worse than it would have been otherwise . 
  except alabama is actually richer per person than every eu country bar germany or effective city states like luxembourg . 
  there already is . 
  the situation of poor eastern europe is already obviously a temporary phenomenon . 
  the good thing is if half the uks software engineers leave those of us who stay can get paid more and avoid the fucking the uk economy is about to receive . 
  the only loser is the uk population without desirable skills . 
  well arguably we do n't have a government right now . 
  the uk has reached peak non-government where not only do we not have a government but nobody wants to be government . 
  the responsibility is almost certainly going to be handed back to parliament who will say `` nope not doing it '' . 
  the studies suggest far right voters tend to become even more miserable when they get their government in power . 
  so yeah it probably would kill them . 
  who knows what they 'd do in the meantime though . 
  the inherently more dangerous environments some types of music create leads to people taking more responsibility for each others safety . 
  like how mosh pits will managed to pick up people who 'd otherwise get trampled . 
  the french tend to cheer for the opposition a lot in sport . 
  organisations like the eu and nato are designed to ensure that interests evolve in lock step . 
  they exist to impose order on the natural reality of nations back stabbing each other . 
  they do n't remove it though , no more than a flood wall removes a fuck tonne of water . 
  more if you measure it in dollars . 
  in russia the past is ever uncertain . 
  that is what boris hoped cameron would do . 
  i think no . 
  only 6 % of the public had a referendum as a priority . 
  having an opinion ignored does n't mean that this is the line you 're prepared to die on . 
  besides which a political party stabbing them in the back gives leave voters a way out that does n't lose face `` would have been glorious but the politicians betrayed us . 
  oh no too late now , is what it is '' . 
  i would not be surprised if the next tory leader votes to stay in and then takes off a mask . 
  underneath the mask is jean-claude juncker . 
  the tories unquestionably told him to not bother standing . 
  despite the absolute circus going on the internals of the tories are reasonably good at politics . 
  i think they are planning to put a remain candidate in , call an election and say `` we 're going to stay in the eu , vote ukip if you want a labour government '' . 
  it would be a stronger bet if labour were n't also in a fucking mess . 
  i think there is a fair chance if corbyn stays in he 'd campaign on honouring the referendum if the tories go the other direction . 
  the stance is more automatically going in without being subject to the spanish veto . 
  both major parties have actually collapsed in on themselves in a feeding frenzy . 
  even with negotiators , the first one in is going to hurt us . 
  every subsequent trade deal will become more and more towards normalcy but the first trade deals will be horribly one sided . 
  it might even make sense to pick a nation like mexico as it is easier to just tear that deal up once the dust settles . 
  you have a lot more faith in us than you should . 
  size is n't that important at this stage . 
  the uk needs trade deals more than the other side does . 
  upgraded deals do n't really happen . 
  if it benefits the uk then why would we change it . 
  if it benefits mexico then why would they change it ? 
  unless the deal is uniquely bad such that both sides could do better you are stuck with what you agreed upon . 
  eu deals are probably not a good deal for leave uk . 
  they are good for eu uk in that the offset of richer local trade partners benefits us in the long run . 
  outside the eu a lot of what is negotiated makes no sense to the uk so we ca n't even just copy the trade agreements . 
   but have n't all the tory leader contenders so far ruled this out ( boris has at least ) ? 
  it is very unlikely any of the major tory names win their election and they know it . 
  why promise something you wo n't even be elected to do ? 
  the tories will pick somebody from obscurity as normal to run what comes next . 
  whether that is to honour or ignore is still an open question . 
  i think a lot depends on whether labour stop acting like clowns . 
  they just wo n't get any of the outcomes they thought they were voting for . 
  yeah this is the mistake when talking about smaller nations with one dimensional economies negotiating like this . 
  iceland could give up every other concession and if they get the tariffs off fish they are richer . 
  the uk is not like this . 
  i had this discussion with the old man the other day . 
  he said it is simple is n't it , we just have a reciprocal deal . 
  i pointed out that a deal where both the uk and germany agree to a 10 % tariff on cars is reciprocal but hardly even . 
  it kind of struck him that with that 10 % tariff we then look at what hurts the uk like a 10 % tariff hurts germany . 
  then you get the back and forth horse trading which goes on for decades . 
  this stuff is fucking complicated . 
  anyone who says otherwise is just a bloody idiot . 
  trade negotiations take forever because they are hard . 
  they only tend to be quick when weak nations sell themselves as client states to stronger nations . 
  unlikely . 
  people still have the option of voting ukip if they really want it . 
   none of the grownups in power , anyway . 
  must be nice to have some of them . 
  i still do n't think he 'll be pm .
