  yeah it is why wales has been able to avoid signing the tories nhs suicide note . 
  naturally a nation that has fixed an incredible amount of the rules in its favour does n't want people to change those rules nor negotiate exceptions for it . 
  there are way more than two national health services . 
  i do n't think it is about culture or identity . 
  there is a clear cut split in the uk ever since thatcher . 
  london and the south east profited massively while the rest of the nation were told to go take a hike . 
  a lot of people in the north of england feel similarly . 
  the only reason you have viable scottish independence ( and a less viable but growing movement in wales ) is that there are clear cut borders . 
  whereas north of england disowning the south east is more akin to a civil war scenario . 
  it is worth noting that there is a majority in favour of devolution in cornwall as well . 
  lots of people are fed up with the status quo . 
  i suspect that if scotland votes out it 'll be a long process of disentanglement . 
  scottish independence proper would probably happen a generation after the vote takes place . 
  it used to be called the european cup . 
  which is precisely why we win it all the time . 
  it really depends which part . 
  in england football is a club affair . 
  you wo n't get the fans of liverpool or united to care much about the world cup . 
  the word is the match was liverpool v debrechen . 
  the figures involved are quite small . 
  you wo n't buy chelsea or barcelona for that . 
  is that the profit for the scheme or for all the people involved ? 
  for instance it looks like they were merely setting events and selling the information . 
  that might have been relatively low margin but safe . 
  these companies are more or less extensions of the state . 
  you never get go ahead on weapons sales unless your government approves it . 
  the dm supported the in vote at the last referendum . 
  it was the primary paper campaigning for a referendum up to that point . 
  the way i see it the out vote needs a big lead to even have a realistic chance of passing . 
  firstly you 'll get the normal 10 % swing in referenda . 
  the `` new option '' is always popular and tends to form an echo chamber that dissolves on vote day . 
  secondly if there is a narrow out victory the politicians will 100 % renege on the vote . 
  even the telegraph is pro-european these days . 
  i ca n't wait to see the dm start producing pro-european arguments . 
  because some people will deny that the uk was evil to ireland . 
  although in truth the uk treated english , welsh and scots with equal contempt in this period . 
  not really . 
  the biggest problem right now is the bulk of the eu regulation is about establishing a flat trading ground for people in the eu . 
  that is setting it up so that say france can enjoy a certain way of life without being concerned that britain will undercut them and force them to compete . 
  the real problem today is the threat is not from britain . 
  france and britain are not competitors on the grand stage yet the eu is still set up as if we are all mutually untrustworthy economic enemies . 
  the problem today is competition with china . 
  the eu needs to look at itself and work out how the members can compete with china . 
  i personally dislike the idea of dumping the wtd because i think it is unimaginative . 
  however something must be done and it wo n't involve regulation between member states . 
  the truth is we need to reform the entire culture of the eu . 
  it was designed as a system that threw out a wall to the world and regulated between nations in the eu as if they were the whole world . 
  now the eu is a block within a large global economy . 
  yet the trade rules are still set up as if france are worried about the uk or germany out competing them . 
  the entire european project should be concerned with china . 
  not each other . 
  that is what cameron is trying to focus on but doing it badly . 
  i think it is a mistake to take the british exceptionalist approach to this problem . 
  it only reinforces the idea that this is britain trying to screw france which is n't what it is about at all . 
  the real problem is that while france worries about britain and thus imposes rules to ensure that france and britain are levelled the chinese march ever on . 
  somewhere along the line changes have to be made . 
  which would n't be the case . 
  the us has managed to reduce its deficit at the same rate as the uk . 
  they 've been running stimulus . 
  the fiscal multipliers that are being recorded in the real world favour stimulus rather than austerity . 
  nobody is hurt more by this than greece . 
  they are ever cutting expenses because their economy is tanking from austerity faster than their expenses are going down . 
  at some point they 'll need negative expenditure to break even . 
  it is an absolute fact as this point that stimulus would have been better . 
  germany and co would have spent far less bailing out greece if they had written them a blank check in 2009 . 
  the only people who disagree are politicians who have attached themselves to an economic path that has proven a failure . 
  afghanistan would have been fine without iraq . 
  it withdrew resources from afghanistan and was also a wonderful recruiting tool for the taliban . 
  tbh i 'm increasingly convinced we are due to endlessly cycle between extremes . 
  it is politically very difficult to go against `` what works '' . 
  for decades what worked was the state and socialism and for that reason we pushed ever harder in that direction . 
  it works does n't it so more of it must work more ? 
  arguably the credit crisis is the `` 3 day week '' moment of the current thatcherist consensus . 
  we are increasingly coming towards a point where inequality is such that consumers no longer have a large enough share to be the engine of the economy . 
  thus the increase of debt and subsequent economic stall caused by sudden consumer prudence . 
  we could continue to stumble along with consumers being pragmatic and with a stagnant economy . 
  or we could try to address the inequality so that consumer spending can flourish and create opportunities again . 
  of course once we start down that path it will inevitably be the case that we will creep ever further down it until we end up with the opposite crisis again . 
   first of all , it is important to reiterate that the fiscal deficits in the european countries , including britain , are largely due to the fall in tax revenues following the finance-induced recession , rather than to the rise in welfare spending . 
  that is n't quite true . 
  pensions , being an unfunded pyramid scheme , are taking an ever larger chunk of our resources . 
  however unemployment benefits are not a problem . 
  so glad british museums are free to the public . 
  blame the `` think of the children '' hysteria . 
  not worth the effort . 
  every time some parent comes up with ridiculous hyperbole why not say `` well as a parent i think you are talking absolute bollocks '' . 
  if more parents do this then maybe it 'll be less uncomfortable in this nation . 
  until people are consistently telling these people that they are silly we will remain in a `` omg paedophile '' echo chamber and that is going to terrify any adult . 
  this is the easy part . 
  what comes after is always the hard part in intervention . 
  tony blair is probably the most europhilliac pm the uk has ever had . 
  you are talking about the man who actually moved the uk into the eu centre ground for the first time in history . 
  who played such a huge role in the design of the lisbon treaty . 
  he was also the only uk politician who was consistently pro-euro . 
  he is n't going to turn around and say the eu sucks . 
  also whatever blair is i do n't think he will simply be ignored . 
  he is n't liked but for the most part the british public consider him competent . 
  i have n't said the uk is acting as an equal to the french in this . 
  the number of poor people in those areas is much smaller in comparison to elsewhere . 
  this is simple fact .
