  solar is slightly less . 
  both of those options are improving faster than nuclear . 
  wind can be made dramatically cheaper with planning law revision ( given the large footprint of wind , nimbyism is a huge added cost ) . 
  of course our internationally insane planning laws are a particular sacred cow in uk politics . 
  neither is remotely close to matching oil , coal or natural gas in cost effectiveness . 
  all of these options mean doubling our electricity prices . 
  who themselves free ride off the french production . 
  the lds have to recover because they represent a sizeable and growing movement within the uk . 
  whereas ukip better represent the disenfranchised older population who are shrinking but potentially powerful if the cracks split completely right now . 
  the problem the lds face is their population is usually the easiest to scare into apathy being the younger voters . 
  especially when they get stabbed in the back by their own . 
  the uk is n't nearly as dependent upon finances as germany is upon manufacturing . 
  we actually have the second largest manufacturing sector in europe . 
  we have a huge service sector . 
  we have a large creative industries . 
  we do n't have 30 % of our wealth tied up in one sector like germany does . 
  the problem right now is the cracks in the big tent parties are just too large to cover any more . 
  they ca n't all just pander to the centre ground any more . 
  labour have actually done a better job of shifting back towards their core vote . 
  they did it earlier and will probably benefit from that decision . 
  whereas the tories are openly schizophrenic . 
  labour are also lucky that if the public were offered a choice to kill nick clegg or satan the public would learn how they were going to live with the devil because they were n't going to accept clegg . 
  the german mindset is almost exactly the same as the mindset in the uk before ww2 . 
  ironic really . 
  byzantium in eu3 was the best . 
  so many cores ( they had cores on nearly all the ottoman lands ) . 
  you 'd go from nearly dead to the worlds greatest power within 5 years . 
  arguably the fall of the western empire was n't so much the end of civilisation as the rebirth of it . 
  western europe stagnated for centuries because the clear power in the regions was the germans . 
  they were n't allowed to do what every other clear new power had done , become roman emperor . 
  partly because rome itself had decided that foreigners were n't any good any more and they were enabled in this by constantinople . 
  anyway two centuries of stagnation was finally ended by odoacer . 
  then western europe started to recover . 
  when ashley williams is complaining that her grandfather should n't be remembered alongside arnold and quisling . 
  i know of this dude because he 's mentioned in mass effect . 
  i half expected a picture of calais here . 
  the tories have changed for the same reason . 
  both parties are being dragged around by a minority of voters because of an insane fptp system . 
  no matter who actually gets elected the swing voters are the only people being represented . 
  tbh it is a tiny amount more . 
  random colour usage makes this map misleading . 
  you put them in government and call them `` strong leaders '' . 
  the problem is the continent is riddled with these medieval trade guilds with all manner of protection that means honest competition is breaking the law . 
  the regulations around taxis are not in any sense for the benefit of consumers but are put there to close the market to competition in order that the consumer can be milked by the industry . 
  i much prefer what has happened in london . 
  where the taxi drivers are basically being told to go fuck themselves . 
  if change happens it 'll likely involve deregulation . 
  more likely the black cabs will die off and then the black cab licensing system will be scrapped some years down the road . 
  i 'll admit it is n't ideal that people have spent vast sums of money ingratiating themselves with their particular trade guild but at what point do you actually then get rid of the guild ? 
  you ca n't keep this crap around forever and there 'll always be more people who are invested in this scam . 
  there has been talk of a rebel breakaway league for decades . 
  it has calmed down recently but if fifa try to run the world cup during the normal season we 'll see it return very quickly . 
  the only way it 'll be held in qatar is if they hold it in winter . 
  the response to this from real madrid , barca , united , munich , chelsea , etc will likely be the civil war that was threatened for decades . 
  fifa know they wo n't win that fight . 
  also better off countries likely have greater international trade links so need to speak english more . 
  yes there is just no reason to today . 
  the americans have already shot down a satellite with a kinetic round . 
  laser systems are expected to be even better . 
  the problem is that it is cheaper to overload these systems than it is to build more systems . 
  it would be hilarious if it was hollande that did in france . 
  old people want to leave the eu in my country . 
  that is why i 'm not going to take them too seriously . 
  it is irritating that people who wo n't be around long enough to live with the consequences of their choices are the ones pushing for a dramatic constitutional clusterfuck for their children . 
  it is n't seen as a bad thing . 
  it just is n't seen as a good thing . 
  religion is just a thing and while it does n't infringe on those who want no part of it there is no problem . 
  it always struck me in rocky when he goes off to his priest . 
  you 'd never do anything like that in the uk . 
  maybe you do n't in the us either ? 
  pretty much nearly the entirety of good dance music . 
  are you serious ? 
  the russian military is barely more advanced than the one in iraq . 
  they struggled with georgia for fuck sake . 
  poorer countries are using less electricity and taking fewer car journeys as their economy tanks . 
  i just said i 'm not from london . 
  my point is only that education is a huge part of the problem here . 
  the cloud is a new thing and lots of people are completely ignorant that it is effectively public . 
  there need to be campaigns to teach teenagers about not posting nude pictures to the internet in the same way as there were campaigns in school to teach children how to brush their teeth back before it was common . 
  obviously there are both technical and criminal aspects of this as well . 
  however a politician is right to raise the education and responsibility gap here . 
  it is n't just celebrities . 
  i 'm not making a judgement on justice . 
  i 'm making one on responsibility . 
  nobody believes that the child deserved to get hit by the car but the child bares responsibility to not be screwing around on a busy road . 
  that is why parents educate them . 
  i 'd go as far to say he is right . 
  people need to learn at some point that the internet = public . 
  you put it on the internet without encryption and you are asking for trouble . 
  sugar coating this helps nobody . 
  if a child danced on the road and got hit by a car you 'd certainly look to improve road safety but you 'd tell the children that dancing on the road is a fucking stupid idea . 
  no i 'm not from london . 
  it was the capital of the largest empire ever . 
  by pinning inflation below what it needs to be for the whole eurozone ( in violation of eu treaties btw ) . 
  this keeps germany wealthy at the expense of the other economies . 
  it is how i do since cameron made this silly statement . 
  it is called `` beggar thy neighbour '' . 
  france is looking decisively ancien r\u00e9gime right now . 
  increasingly piling up debt with nobody willing to sacrifice their particular privileges to save the countries bank balance . 
  you even have revolutionaries gathering in the fn .
