  we are generally shit at languages but more speak french than anything else . 
  mainly because the bastards refuse to learn english though . 
  it is worth noting our cultural attitude has changed over the centuries . 
  britain used to be heavily involved in all the crazy political scheming on the continent ( beyond maintaining the balance of power ) . 
  at some point it was decided that trying to conquer europe was a fools errand and since then our only thought to europe was to stop anyone else from doing it . 
  when this change happened , when britain decided that we were n't likely to get calais back , loads of people would have complained and resisted as they do now . 
  i think we are at a similar juncture in our history and the isolationists are just the last gasp of history while britain reformulates its position in the world . 
  when the pro-european side wins the referendum it will be 25 years before this question comes up again . 
  at that point all the people who ever lived in the balance of power era will be dead . 
  the main problem with scotland is spain . 
  the uk would never veto scottish entry into the eu . 
  it 'll hurt the eu in terms of its international prestige . 
  people are more likely to not take the body seriously simply because a unsc member just left the room . 
  i hope this does n't happen . 
  neither side would do well out of a break . 
  the tories will block it . 
  they see the fact a referendum might not happen as one of the few good things to come out of a labour victory . 
  also they 'd like to force the sceptics to vote for them to get their referendum . 
  if the referendum is already there then there really is no reason to vote tory . 
  i was just pointing out that security guards are vigilantes . 
  if it mattered that much the practice would be banned . 
  no but anyone attacked by a civilian security guard is naturally within their rights to defend themselves . 
  must troll better . 
  despite claims to the contrary the fundamentals really do n't go out of date . 
  people spend their time looking up the newest frameworks because that is what you need to put on cvs to hit hr buzzwords . 
  the best developers are generalists who can learn enough about the latest buzzword techs in a few days . 
  it is a problem with the industry that hr are unable to figure out that good developers are just good developers . 
  also nearly everything you learn in school has no day to day application . 
  counter strike probably taught you more about computers . 
   shrink by two million what ? 
  square miles ? 
  well russia has been making a lot of noise . 
  tbh there is a lot of class bias in this . 
  italy is where wealthier people would go . 
  loads of people go to bulgaria on holiday from the uk but it tends to be the cheaper option . 
  therefore bulgaria is frowned upon in the same kind of way spain used to be seen as the peasant option . 
  how anyone could put the uk in the top third is beyond me . 
  security guards are basically vigilantes anyway . 
  most of the other countries are economically irrelevant . 
   catalunya/scotland/kosovo should be independent and homogeneous , they 're too different from spain/england/serbia that is n't the argument scotland are making . 
  their plan is anyone who is currently living in scotland would get citizenship ( include a lot of non-scots ) . 
  anyone within so many degrees of ancestry would also get citizenship . 
  i also doubt there 'll be any barriers . 
  nobody is going to man hadrian 's wall . 
  the only way it will work is by using a fine escalator like the commission used against ms. increase the fine by millions every day . 
  the colours used on this graph are ridiculous . 
  go down 10 % and you go from blue to red . 
   the european dream is dying under the boot of british rednecks . 
  if the european dream is in danger it is because people are happy to blame britain . 
  do you think a 25 + member block are being manipulated repeatedly into things they do n't want by britain over a period of decades ? 
  germany has been moaning about migration for years . 
  if people think that britain leaving the eu changes anything they are being absurd . 
  other nations will have lost a useful scape goat . 
  britain is useful in that we will quite often just say what we think . 
  while others talk in riddles and hide their true intentions behind touchy feely sentiments that they just ca n't uphold because of dastardly brits . 
  when britain does something that people actually disagree with it gets shut down remarkably quickly . 
  the european dream is put in danger primarily by how governments have tried to leave their populations without a say in the process . 
  britain is hardly the only eurosceptic country . 
  france voted against the last treaty . 
  greece should grant an island independence and give it 99 % of its debt . 
  this old argument is so much bullshit . 
  the uk and us are at odds over our relationship with the eu . 
  the us want a uk that is integrated deeply with the eu . 
  they disagree with our position on nearly every disagreement we have with the eu . 
  they 've stated our relationship with them is potentially in danger if we leave the eu . 
  neoliberalism is winning because of what the alternatives are . 
  essentially whenever i hear debates on economics from the eu we essentially have britain pushing neoliberalism , germany being rather quiet ( because they want more neoliberalism ) and france telling everyone we should just kick each other in the balls ( which is what dirigiste economics amounts to ) . 
  naturally the french suggestion is not taken sensibly so we end up with a slow slide towards a corrupted but workable form of capitalism . 
  i 'd say the former make noises but do n't really want change . 
  the latter want change . 
  absolutely not . 
  i 'm not sure why i should suffer because a few people are paranoid . 
  i 'm glad farage is coming out and making this argument though . 
  it 'll be the death of ukip when even the staunchest proponent of the anti-immigration agenda admits the policy is economic suicide . 
  yes . 
  the uk was at the eye of the storm during the crash . 
  that it looks like we are going to actually defy expectations and surpass the eurozone countries that overtook us is an indictment of the eurozone policy . 
  we should have taken 20 years to get back to where we were relative . 
  this is n't even a haves and have nots anymore . 
  every eurozone country is struggling in the current environment . 
  some are just struggling more than others . 
  it is worth noting that the various eurozone economies also have different internal rates of inflation/deflation . 
  this low inflation euro is crippling to deflation economies like greece . 
  if the euro hit its treaty target the greeks would be much better off . 
  the ecb has a treaty obligation to target 2 % . 
  if it met its obligation the eurozone would be better off . 
  this is why european military co-operation will remain outside the eu imo . 
  i still think an expanded entente is the best way forward . 
  well the real issue is that the right and left are not really liberal . 
  that will always leave the economist confused about where it stands . 
  nobody really represents them . 
  maybe nick clegg is the closest thing to representing their views . 
  it is right wing . 
  i 'd say it is liberal rather than neo-liberal . 
  it is n't a fan of the free market with protected places for our favourite companies model of neo-liberalism . 
  a free market journal that actually believes in a free market . 
  i 'm not saying i believe it . 
  i just find it the most honest of the right wing journals . 
  the telegraph pretends to be better than the mail . 
  in truth it has slid towards rather than away from the mail .
