  so appointment to a royal office of gain immediately disqualifies you from sitting in the commons ) . 
  that is still the way it works today . 
  permanent technicality is the state of affairs in all sensible countries !, 
  well if it calls it the ` autumn of nations ' then it can be self citing . 
   could we have made this continent as free as we have without co-operation , and dare i say it , without the eu ? 
  i think if we look to belarus , russia , ukraine and moldova we can see how important the european union has been in helping democracy in eastern europe onto its feet . 
  look at what happened in the balkans when europeans failed to take a proactive interest in what was happening on their doorstep . 
  that is why i do n't buy the `` eu had nothing to do with x '' nonsense we hear . 
  look at all the places that are neither in the eu nor the wider eu sphere . 
  they are all basket cases . 
  look at the vast progress made in eastern europe . 
  look at greece and spain casting off dictatorships . 
  economic issues or not , nobody can say either country would be better off without the eu . 
  welcome to the eu . 
  gib money pls !, 
  there is huge support for staying in a `` reformed '' eu . 
  whatever that means . 
  that view really misunderstands the current geopolitical reality . 
  have you noticed french and british foreign policy recently ? 
  we may as well be pre-suez right now . 
  france and britain do absolutely nothing without consulting each other at the moment . 
  the us has twice been dragged towards a european conflict it wanted no party in ( libya and syria ) because of a united front between france and britain . 
  some trojan horse . 
  for the americans part , european integration has long been a holy grail of us foreign policy . 
  they are pushing much harder than france for europe to be one thing . 
  the us more or less wants to divide the world into a european sphere ( which covers europe , north africa , the middle east , western asia , etc ) and their sphere around the pacific . 
  we are the ones steadfastly claiming we are n't a super power . 
  i think the uk position is confused more than anything . 
  in general i think the pro-european see some kind of informal tilt towards the continent . 
  not an abandonment of atlanticism as such but an enlargement in which we bring our european partners into that relationship more evenly than in the past . 
  this is enshrined by the renewed alliance with france and the ongoing talks ( whether good or bad ) about mutual trade with the us . 
  this is stuff i think the average in voter really , really likes . 
  however it is seen as part of a large engagement with europe rather than part of the eu . 
  we see a place for us , france and if they are so inclined germany to form a european block in nato . 
  we see the eu role in regulating trade with the us to form a new centre of international commerce in a new multilateral world that is emerging . 
  i just do n't see those people as wanting this all wrapped up under the eu flag . 
  particularly because the eu does n't really agree on enough for it to be what people want . 
  i think a future generation will be very at ease with looking on the whole mess and asking why this is n't one thing . 
  in the meantime british people under 40 are pro-european and eu moderate . 
  britain in no way wants to change the eu in a way germany does n't like . 
  that is why merkel has been the most vocal ( the only vocal ? ), 
  leader arguing for britain staying . 
  i would n't say libertarian . 
  britain is the odd combination of some incredibly liberal basic ethics and an extremely conservative political instinct . 
  this leads to weird things like the levellers almost entirely predicting what britain would look like 400 years later as the obvious result of supremacy of parliament . 
  it is really interesting seeing the contrast between the us and uk . 
  the us has almost exactly the same liberal ethics * but completely threw out the conservative instincts part . 
  that led to the us adopting all the unthinkable concepts the levellers and more radical parliamentarians came up with a century before . 
  the uk would follow about a century later . 
  * with some exceptions for issues that became prevalent during their war , nearly every right in their bill of rights refers to some perceived injustice imposed on them by the empire . 
  tbh it refers more to our political culture . 
  people have tried , many times , to bar parliament and it does n't work . 
  the entire english revolution was destroyed by a bitch fight over the proper bounds of parliament ( which it decided was no bounds at all , army or no army ) . 
  which is a great irony given that the revolution was fought over the rights of parliament . 
  it is realistic to say that britain would have been the first monarchy to fall permanently without the pissing contest over the bounds of parliament . 
   are the french and the british peeved for the same reasons though ? 
  as you point out the anger is for the opposite reasons . 
  france will fall in love with the eu again the moment we leave . 
  germany otoh will suddenly have to take on the role the uk is currently providing . 
  the germans are as in favour of the british liberalisation movement as we are . 
  they 've just let us be the bearer of bad news over the years . 
  without the uk as a liberal attack dog , the germans are going to have to be agitant rather than peace maker in europe . 
  the old days of the eu are fully done and dusted . 
  france might avoid losing more ground on the dirigisme front but the truth is liberalisation works and nobody is going to want to go backwards . 
  it 'll end up , ironically , with a france securing its own ` non ' in a europe that is falling away from it in general . 
  it is also misleading . 
  most of the negotiation on these matters tends to happen before hand . 
  the real influence the uk has is material that does n't even get to the table . 
  registering a no vote on stuff you lost the debate in is just our politicians signalling that they do not in fact agree with this . 
  it is just that our political culture is very different to the rest of europe . 
  not a single politician is going to reduce immigration . 
  not even ukip , who are using the issue to achieve their own ends . 
  the tories are using the debate to take the uk back out of the social charter again . 
  effectively we originally had an opt out of the charter . 
  blair took the uk into the social charter . 
  the tories are now trying to reverse that decision . 
  in all likelihood a future labour government would then take the uk back into the social charter . 
  honestly very little outside of fearing the insanity of planned economics . 
  i think mike duncan intends to cover the revolution in his revolutions podcast ( at which point my family will get bored by the specifics of the october revolution ) but there is still the back end of the us revolution and revolutionary france to go before it gets near there . 
   germanys whole economy is based around foreign trade on a massive scale . 
  yes selling to other people . 
  this does n't require any special access to the eu . 
  you are making assumptions about the character of the eu . 
  the current character of the eu in its openness with outside economies is largely driven by the uk . 
  without the uk in the room there is nobody of relevance left arguing for the right of non-eu members to trade . 
  germany does n't care about it and france are actively opposed . 
  instead france becomes a lot louder and they are precisely the force that would like to restrict trade to the eu itself . 
  the biggest consequence will be mutual insecurity in any dealing designed to prevent future economic instability . 
  the eu and uk will not be able to trust each other to uphold any agreement when they have put themselves in opposite camps . 
  this will be particularly problematic because any deals would be shaped by the political fallout of the exit rather than by the ideal outcome . 
  british politicians in general do n't . 
  the tories do . 
  the tories have a fetish for the whole `` no , no , no '' thing . 
  this is cameron showing he is a true son of thatcher . 
  blair got on nicely with the eu for the most part . 
  this will change . 
  as time moves on the conservative position will be that we 've always been in the eu and people wanting to leave will be seen as radicals . 
  at that point the tory position will move to adopt to the new safe status quo . 
  what do you think we mean by `` reform the eu '' ? 
  we 'll be able to invade france from two directions !,
