  i think talking about the start of anything is a stretch . 
  changes tend to be gradual . 
  the hegemony of the dollar has been weakening ever since the day it started . 
  the us had a good 30 years of truly benefiting from being at the epicentre of the world monetary system before the nixon shock . 
  then they effectively declared bankrupt so that france among others would n't ask for what they were due . 
  since that moment we 've seen a slow decay of the dollars position and an increasingly dicey us budget that is based upon an untouchable dollar . 
  however it certainly would n't be the end of the us as the primary power in the world if they defaulted . 
  it would be another nixon shock and would accelerate what is already ongoing . 
  where everything falls out depends on how all the actors respond . 
  given that we are all owed dollars i doubt there will be much stomach for a complete collapse of the us position . 
  fwiw i do n't think europe would be the worse hit . 
  we already have an exit plan if the dollar tumbles . 
  it wo n't be good for anyone though and i doubt we really have the cohesiveness that would be needed to flip the world monetary order . 
  yes but even then no selling strategy is going to work on somebody who is blatantly waiting for you to stop talking so they can dismiss you . 
  there is n't a legal successor of ah . 
  in fact it was intentionally done this way to screw over italy in peace negotiations . 
  well they are arguing that because the uk spent so much money ending slavery that they are entitled to some fraction of that money . 
  by their own argument the uk would have owed zero if we had n't declared war on the slave trade . 
  their whole premise is a bit daft . 
  to be fair it is n't the fear of being hypnotised by sales people that is the problem . 
  it is the sheer determination they have to not go away . 
  we really need better sales people . 
  people who are openly hostile to you are not a good mark . 
  better sales people would see this and find some other mug . 
  bohemian-moravian empire ? 
  east czechoslovakia . 
  bosnia is european . 
  i see no reason it should n't join if it meets all the criteria and wants to . 
  though the eu itself should probably hold off on any extra expansion in the short term . 
  364 days of rain . 
  1 day in which convertible car is useful . 
  britain has more convertibles per head of population than any other country on the planet . 
  this is due to british humour . 
  did n't a recent study suggest only a small link between genetics and intelligence anyway ? 
  it 'll be interesting to see just how isolated russia becomes when it runs out of oil . 
  more nations need to remove silly hat . 
  it is fun and causes all manner of wars . 
  it is pretty hard to do anything about russia because their core exports are primary resources . 
  you ca n't really affect the sale of fungible energy resources with trade barriers . 
  scotland has a lot of room to bargain . 
  the eu will fall over itself to let an independent scotland in if only so that the oil is within the eu rather than outside as it is with norway . 
  the press reading public . 
  after all the people who buy this shit enable it . 
  the british public like to live in a fantasy world where there are monsters under every bed . 
  the press just feeds into this mental condition . 
  considering wales used to be as rich as ireland now is and is now as rich as ireland used to be i wonder how much buggering up has gone on and by whom . 
  the fact politicians ca n't be prosecuted is one . 
  tbh london -  paris -  florence -  rome is n't as excessive as some plans i 've seen . 
  at least all of this is in western europe and roughly in a straight line with good transportation links . 
  tbh i think this goes back more than a few centuries . 
  the oddities of italian democracy remind me of the roman senate . 
  the us has cut spending so there is n't really a comparison to make . 
  at this point the uk is as close as we have to a stimulus economy in the west . 
  your question will never be answered adequately but this is n't a victory for austerity because the uk is n't running anything that could meaningfully be called austerity . 
  there have n't been major cuts since 2010 . 
  what we can say is the uk is out performing greece which is an austerity nation . 
  if nobody else does it of course we should veto . 
  however my point is the uk is not the only nation that does n't want a federation at this stage . 
  in fact i think a lot of nations are opposed to this level of integration . 
  including some important pro-eu nations . 
  getting these partners to actually stand up and be counted rather than cowardly hiding and letting britain shield them from the political fall out is critical to driving the direction of the eu . 
  i do n't know the future of the eu but it certainly ca n't go on with the uk as sole spokesman for a silent group of nations that begrudgingly agree with us but do n't want to piss off their friends . 
  it is both damaging to the uk and to the wider political debate . 
  i 'm thinking the eu flag should be the double headed robin . 
  in the uk we currently have a fascination with converting roundabouts into shitty interchanges by putting traffic lights on them . 
  there is no chance that such a change will go through . 
  i 'm not sure what their angle is here because they know the uk will veto any move to remove the veto . 
  if we do n't then a dozen other members will * . 
  the veto has been used by just about every member of the union at some point . 
  * personally i 'm of a mind for us to sit on our hands and let somebody else be the bad guy for once . 
  europe does n't really have a research policy . 
  the uk has the most citations per head of population ( nearly twice as many as the us iirc ) on the planet and the scandinavians do well . 
  the problem is too many european nations barely do anything . 
  i do n't think funding is the major issue . 
  prestige is a bigger one . 
  britain does well because world class scientists believe places like cambridge , london imperial and manchester are going to be involved in the cutting edge of physics . 
  if only because they 've always been involved in the cutting edge of physics and thus all the best people are already there . 
  the countries that did well during the enlightenment are still the ones doing well today . 
  / / edit - fwiw tuition fees have a downside . 
  it was made clear in manchester that it was a research university . 
  you were going to get educated by the best but these guys were researchers first and foremost with the downsides that came with that . 
  in a tuition fee environment students will feel entitled to demand an education oriented faculty where they can get their hands held towards mediocrity rather than being educated by guys who are on the bleeding edge of galactic evolution or whatever . 
  i do n't think the treaty was designed to be on your side . 
  the british empire agreed that cyprus should be sort of independent but protected by the three parties interested in it . 
  britain used to defend these things just to show that britain would defend these things . 
  regardless of the desires of the people being defended . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_robin  it was held to be a storm-cloud bird and sacred to thor , the god of thunder , in norse mythology . 
  also  the avian magnetic compass of the robin has been extensively researched and uses vision-based magnetoreception , in which the robin 's ability to sense the magnetic field of the earth for navigation is affected by the light entering the bird 's eye . 
  the physical mechanism of the robin 's magnetic sense is not fully understood , but may involve quantum entanglement of electron spins . 
  keep your fucking eagles . 
  i 'll have the quantum thunder birds . 
  it is also true we basically said `` meh '' when all the shit went down and technically it was our responsibility to remove greece and then turkey from the island . 
  of course in a more complicated sense it has been alleged that the us blocked any british action in response for our less than enthusiastic support for the clusterfuck in vietnam . 
  in either case this is what happens when you are guaranteed by a lion that turned into a paper tiger over night . 
  our failure to uphold treaty obligations to protected states , something the empire tended to take seriously , is the surest sign of britain 's decline . 
  nah it must be due to eu subsidies . 
  the eu is subsidising the oxygen to burn down good honest murican planes . 
  fuck no . 
  robins are awesome birds . 
  i say wodka because it sounds cooler when you are drunk .
