  the only train disasters in the uk in recent times have come about because railtrack ripped out the safety equipment from the lines that british rail had spent a great deal of money installing . 
  they very much could have been stopped by train automation . 
  atp would have automatically locked on the breaks of the train at the paddington rail crash and would have saved those people . 
  there a driver misread the single and carried on through . 
  aws essentially flagged every time a driver ran a red light . 
  atp would have stopped the train if the driver did n't acknowledge that he understood he 'd ran a red . 
  in fact most of the train disasters are caused by drivers misreading signals . 
  it stops gazprom from behaving politically , this is true . 
  however it also guarantees prices in line with fracking . 
  as a software engineer i 'm not so sure i 'd trust a computer . 
  they are n't magic and the problems in question are difficult . 
  that said the trials we 've seen so far are incredibly impressive . 
  fwiw in the uk at least we 've been able to automate most train lines for decades and we still pay drivers # 45k/yr to essentially push a button at each station . 
  shale gas guarantees the russian price frankly . 
  it is so expensive to extract that reliance on it makes a permanent market for people with actually economically sound sources of energy . 
  tbh it still does n't make sense today . 
  i do n't i would have heard of david irving if it was n't for laws about holocaust denial . 
  he 'd just be some crank nobody bothers with . 
  i seriously doubt we 'll even let non-drivers use them sadly . 
  the luddites will whine until it is only allowed as a driver aid . 
  the nsa is free to catalogue everything i say on reddit . 
  i will even provide them with a link . 
  it is n't political correctness to not be racist . 
  italy makes no sense . 
  its history is very similar to germany . 
  very rich collection of microstates gets a job and unifies . 
  then the outcome is so very different . 
  this is how the scheme works in the uk . 
  everyone is introduced to our culture . 
  they even start bitching about immigrants by the end . 
  cypriots need to be enterprising and find a way to smuggle out these under priced euros for trade on the euro market . 
  then they can use their proper euros to buy more cypriot euros for smuggling . 
  easy money . 
  ask george soros . 
  the point is to look tough on shirkers without doing anything . 
  was anatolia in europe when greece held it ? 
  this is how i think of the balkans . 
  it is that other place that is europe but we do n't want to talk about . 
  nah it is accurate . 
  nobody in the uk cares if ni stays or goes . 
  they have the right to make this choice but no tears will be shed if they won an independence referendum . 
  whereas we desperately want scotland to stay . 
  dump london . 
  then we raid london for their money . 
  or we could just charge them for access to the outside world . 
  i work in the south of england . 
  i simply can not afford to drink here like i do in wales . 
  bloody uncivilised . 
  probably not cigarette manufacturers . 
  more gsk and similar who make nicotine gum . 
  edf are hardly local . 
  regardless either we get a good price or we should n't build nuclear at all . 
  it is 100 % pointless building nuclear plants at edfs price point . 
  the strike price determines what is the cheapest energy resource per mwh . 
  everything else is pure speculation . 
  if these figures are accurate then edf can offer a much lower strike price than they are . 
  if nuclear is really cheaper than fossil fuels edf should be able to beat the wholesale price of # 48 when negotiating their strike price . 
  as it is edf are saying they ca n't make a profit unless they are offered a similar strike price to wind farms . 
  any theory goes out the window when you can not actually get a company to produce nuclear power at these theoretical prices . 
  the article is about the energy minister for the uk in very public discussions with edf . 
  the fact is edf are claiming they ca n't be profitable unless they are treated like a wind farm . 
  there is another source with the same information below . 
  http://www.4-traders.com/edf-4998/news/edf-fixed-electricity-price-for-new-uk-nuclear-would-be-linked-to-inflation-sources-17028766/ older plants have known safety issues . 
  they are cheaper because they are frankly more dangerous . 
  the new safer plants are much more expensive . 
  james bond doesnt get old . 
  he just regenerates like a time lord every 10 years or so . 
  is this really a flash application to deliver what amounts to a pdf ? 
  nuclear is n't remotely cheap . 
  oil is much , much , much cheaper than nuclear . 
  even with the historically high oil prices http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2013/jul/05/davey-minister-nuclear-power-hinkley-point nuclear costs about as much as wind or solar at this point . 
  edf are pushing for a strike price in line with wind farms . 
  that suggests they do n't think they can beat renewables on price . 
  the safety is n't the issue . 
  the prices are not good , edf are pushing for a guaranteed strike price for nuclear higher than the current strike price the state is paying for onshore wind . 
  they 've been told they will need to be significantly cheaper than what they are asking for . 
  otherwise we may as well build a load of renewables and call it a day . 
  the other issue is there really is n't that much uranium in the world . 
  easy to mine supplies of uranium will be gone well within a century if we move to a heavy nuclear grid . 
  it is n't any better than oil for energy security . 
  if we were talking about thorium we might do a little bit better . 
  this is what it comes down to . 
  regardless of the safety considerations nuclear does not provide the benefit it proposes . 
  it is neither cheap nor abundant . 
  what is this `` tries to '' . 
  this is a different james bond than the one i know . 
  yes but where do morals come into it when talking about religion ? 
  it is sustainable but not without structural rebalancing at the eu level . 
  the us has the same model . 
  the red states are subsidised year upon year to correct the balance . 
  germany has shot itself in the foot with its approach to the crisis though . 
  pretty much as expected . 
  it achieved everything it wanted and is now reaping the benefit of austerity . 
  just wait until the greeks not only stop buying german goods but can actively undercut their prices as well . 
  well the full name is uk of britain and ni . 
  originally of britain and ireland . 
  i can eventually see it as the uk of london and ni . 
  with ni demanding that london behave more british . 
  to be fair wimbledon victories are about as common as welsh victories over nz . 
  i know there is a big windy road up there that terrified my mother when we passed through on the way to spain a decade or so ago .
