  germany is isolationist to the point where it would almost ignore invasion of a state on our borders . 
  european isolationist is largely to blame for the madness in yugoslavia . 
  where insanity reigned on our door step and our official policy was to not look at it . 
  i do n't see how you bridge isolationist europe with the likes of britain and france . 
  certainly the latter would want any new military union to include stuff like not standing back when the balkans are on fire . 
  wo n't happen while germany have an isolationist foreign policy . 
  as usual these calls put the cart before the horse . 
  france is n't willing to abandon its foreign policy objectives for this any more than britain is . 
  we should avoid grand plans in this . 
  france and britain can continue with entente cordiale for now and introduce other european partners where they are willing . 
  get it working informally first and formalise it later . 
  rather than making a divine plan everyone disagrees with . 
  that is how working relationships develop . 
  you do stuff and write a treaty about it later . 
  france and britain were working allies for nearly a century before we decided to legalise the alliance . 
  we were kind of independent of rome for a bit . 
  then bad stuff happened . 
  it rains exactly as much as i say where i live . 
  except when it is 30c . 
  yeah i get pissed off with being id 'd already at stores . 
  having a permanent `` always id '' society would have been intolerable . 
  passports are not mandatory . 
  you can even leave the country without one . 
  you just wo n't get back in . 
  i think it is n't comparable because it is impossible to compare . 
  austen is one of the most important authors in history . 
  i do n't want to get involved in the art v stem circlejerk . 
  art is important enough to warrant recognition though . 
  we 've just had the storm of the ages here . 
  think wales wants to keep its average rain fall up . 
  the world outside the eurozone does n't matter . 
  if there is a threat of moving industry away the correct solution is to revalue the euro and thus make the eurozone competitive without screwing up internal demand . 
  you are massively over focused on trade balances which are irrelevant frankly . 
  yeah it is a good article . 
  highlights nicely the negative sum nature of `` efficiency cuts '' . 
  when germany went through their reforms to push wages and service costs down it reduced massively net demand in europe . 
  this in turn brought more trade into germany . 
  if everybody did the same all you 'll have done is reduce net demand in europe . 
  which is of course what we are seeing now . 
  even the german recovery is stalling now and france is tittering on the edge . 
  the only end result of such efficiency is misery for all . 
  the uk is now out performing the eurozone . 
  that should be incredibly embarrassing give how incompetently our economy is being run right now . 
  i thought we 'd killed beggar thy neighbour . 
  sad to see such economic illiteracy return and worse be called ethical . 
  ok we should now actually do what we should have done originally and bar any trade at all with the settlements . 
  the difference is the uk has rules about parliament plotting to dissolve the monarchy . 
  can sinn fein turn up ? 
  they are republicans . 
  they 'd just get kicked out of parliament on a regular basis when they said something `` unparliamentary '' . 
  happens in wales with certain ams who insist on calling the queen `` mrs windsor '' . 
  people still happily lend to the uk . 
  agnosticism as commonly understood absolutely is atheism . 
  atheists are just people who can not say yes to the question `` do you believe in god ? '' . 
  that includes a huge bunch of people from those who do n't care , to those who are n't sure to those who believe the devil told them there is no god . 
  yeah and that is the crux of the issue . 
  about half the christians in the uk do n't believe in god if studies are to be believed . 
  where do they fit in this measure ? 
  it used to be this scary in the rest of europe . 
  people died fighting for rights . 
  feminism in the uk was largely kicked off when a feminist activist literally stepped in front of a royal horse in a race and died as a result . 
  socialist activists died from being shot , from blocking train lines , as a result of police brutality . 
  two men were shot by british forces in the llanelli railway strike of 1911 for instance . 
  that is how progress happens sadly . 
  you need to be prepared to get a bloody nose if you want progress . 
  if they do n't do this then things will never change . 
  they need to do this to highlight the sheer inhumanity of these people . 
  it is n't taking a side . 
  it is criticising the bad actions of israel as we criticise the bad actions of hamas . 
  there are no sides worth siding with in this conflict . 
  both groups are acting shitty but at least israel is the one with the power to start the peace process . 
  instead they build more settlements . 
  israel should formally annex the west bank if they want to continue as they are . 
  i thought we were giving them # 2b . 
  finding good 3g coverage in the uk is hardly guaranteed . 
  i thought we 've been auditing the eu secretly for some time now . 
  oil is n't cheap but it 'll also never be this cheap again . 
  i think you misunderstand modern thinking on the oil industry . 
  there is a reason the west has scaled back production and left the middle east run itself into the ground . 
  the energy market is swinging back in the favour of the west . 
  north america is running an energy surplus for the first time ever . 
  mostly this has come about by local conservation and letting less reliable actors burn themselves into the ground . 
  in europe we want russia to use up all their oil first . 
  why would we dig ours when russia wants to sell all the oil at a time when oil is as cheap as it is ever likely to be ? 
  it also helps that the eu is much bigger and richer than russia . 
  yeah there is no liberty without privacy . 
  the best example is the secret ballot . 
  when people could see your ballot and alter how they treated you ( i.e. 
  sack you ) based upon how you vote you effectively do n't have the vote . 
  you do n't have the right to behave as you would within legal bounds if your actions are publicly viewable . 
  surprised fn are this low . 
  belgium loves guns . 
  you can have a business built in a walled garden . 
  lots of businesses however depend heavily on services like proxies and encryption . 
  for instance vpns are used a tonne by mncs . 
  encryption is fundamental to save e-commerce ( even the apple app store ) . 
  there is no way to do away with these technologies without wiping out hundreds of billions from the world economy . 
  made people drive on the right . 
  now they are all confused . 
  i saw your flag out of the corner of my eye .
