  north korea is self sufficient was meant as an illustration of how bad an idea this is . 
  the us is the only nation that could be self sufficient without suffering greatly . 
  north korea is self sufficient . 
  the uk is not self sufficient , nor is france or germany . 
  probably the only self sufficient country on the planet would be the us and they 'd be much poorer for it . 
   the guys in my neighborhood are better armed than the bundeswehr . 
  larger broomsticks ? 
  turn over people i dislike as bourgeoisie traitors obviously . 
   btw , did you fix that thingy to have both hot and cold water come through the same faucet ? 
  how will we then teach children how to tolerate skin melting water when washing ? 
  they have a hard time because it runs contrary to the rhetoric of it never being an industry of choice . 
  men are privileged and therefore men in this position must have chosen to do this . 
  they have to congregate on the internet . 
  when they did so in real life the antifas beat the living shit out of them . 
  not that i like violent antifas , i just think the thought of the far right being beaten up by militant hippies is hilarious . 
  it is fucking hilarious they think people are this stupid . 
  schengen is yet another place where political integration needs to happen . 
  the border states have been given this huge , expensive and ethically dangerous obligation to police foreigners coming in alone without the necessary support . 
  the policy is supposedly for the benefit of all and so internal states should get their hands dirty and their wallets out in helping achieve the aims of the policy . 
  there are two possibilities with the status quo : 1 . 
  the policy is successful which amounts to a huge transfer of value from the border states to the internal states . 
  the border states fail to uphold stated duties and the policy fails . 
  i do n't think religious studies does any harm but i 'm not convinced it does any good either . 
  besides needs to be at least 3 way division to do traditional partition of poland . 
  in my games this is the entire game . 
  at no point can i just relax and build roads . 
  no i have to have even more guys with axes . 
  half the `` do n't link that here ! '', 
  stuff is tongue in cheek anyway . 
  it is funny because us delta force had a larger budget than any nato member other than the uk and france at one point . 
   copied by the chinese the chinese ca n't even make a proper jet engine . 
  they buy them from russia . 
  chinese copies of 5th gen fighters are just propaganda tools to make them look good to their own public . 
  what i do n't understand is why these religious bigots hate satan so much . 
  what has he ever done to you ? 
   progressive forward liberal entity for its day !, 
  this was true . 
  unfortunately its day was in the 1500s . 
  i wonder what german search engines have to say about danzig . 
  that is n't the theory though . 
  the theory is that this could n't happen with the existence of capital property . 
  state command of the entire economy is insane . 
  in western economies it is normal for 70 % of the economy to be in small and medium enterprises . 
  a government simply can not command an economy when 70 % of your value is split into tiny little blocks of 5-50 workers . 
  we already have this in hand . 
  we 're going to move our divisions to the french/german border and wait for the russians to reach us . 
  economic incompetence and a military that due to cultural preferences had to depend upon barbarian mercenaries for the real fighting did n't help . 
  you guys got a bunch of german theocratic migrants once and that went well !, 
  video of explosion can certainly into space . 
  the leek is arguably more central to actually being welsh : 1 . 
  the dragon was basically the standard used by constantine iii . 
  all the roman british nobility claimed some kind of descent from this particular emperor . 
  wales was basically the last hold out from the system established by the departing romans after the saxon invasions and so inherited the standard . 
  henry vii famously flew it during the war of the roses to highlight his welsh heritage . 
  ironically he probably had a much better claim to leadership in wales than in england ( where basically his claim was `` honestly we ca n't have the current guy as king '' ) . 
  the leek supposedly comes from war with the saxons . 
  st david told the welsh soldiers to wear leeks as they were struggling to differentiate friend from foe ( some versions of the story have the saxons intentionally wearing uniforms similar to the welsh to make it difficult to know who is who , bloody saxons ! ) . 
  think the three feathers were just chosen by the current monarchy at some point . 
  the wru uses it because it has a history of cosying up to the monarchy . 
  do n't forget to upload the explosion to youtube . 
  except they are n't . 
  no one man has enough bandwidth to actually run a country properly . 
  countries are messy broad things that can not be condensed enough that one man at the top can effectively control it . 
  belarus only has a functioning economy at all because russia basically subsidises the whole place so they can have a friend . 
  polan of economic miracle these days . 
  poster child of eu not fucking everything completely up . 
  i always love germany just popping up with `` pay debts '' in that second one . 
  japanese always were very sane and sensible people . 
  is n't the law meant to stop brown shirts ? 
  a ban on political uniforms like that exists in a bunch of countries . 
  the one in which we bravely told russia they were n't annexing the duchy of warsaw . 
  we were right , they split it with prussia . 
  well poland did n't even bother to take our guarantee seriously after the congress of vienna . 
  i 'm still not certain why outer serbia has a flag on here . 
  it is n't even the hottest actress that plc picked up . 
  that would be making kebab out of the turks at vienna . 
  austria had a position of importance among german states for centuries as hre . 
  it leveraged that position , and the need to resist the ottomans , into conquering an empire towards the ottomans as a buffer zone . 
  when the german question came about austria would have faced eternal revolts in those states if they forced them into germany . 
  so they ended up realising their options were : 1 . 
  complete control of their balkan empire ( plus czechs , slovakians and hungarians ) . 
  a wishy washy leadership position in a german federation likely losing their current holdings to independence . 
  it is worth noting the original plan for german unity was something in line with the british parliamentary system where the monarch takes a back seat . 
  that is what austria was offered . 
  as austria dithered on the issue calls for german unity got stronger . 
  prussia punched them in a face and ended up with a german empire that was almost as centralised as the austrian one but with actual land one might want to own ( sorry balkans ) . 
  the numbers lie but as long as they lie the same way consistently you can trust them . 
  being forced to actually be on a war footing permanently tends to hurt your economy . 
   are the 1967 borders unreasonable ? 
  no but israel did n't start there . 
  israel started with a peace deal massively slanted in their favour and made `` concessions '' by giving palestinians what any reasonable person believes should be theirs to begin with . 
  the us even admits that this was the process they undertook , that israel would n't even come to the table unless the starting point was so far from acceptability that they could spend a year making concessions and still not have a workable peace deal . 
  israel has history of negotiating this way . 
  they did the same thing the last time the golan heights was up for negotiation . 
  the us government even openly criticised them for it . 
  you ca n't separate it from the politics no . 
  that is precisely why the eurozone is essentially doomed to decades of instability . 
  sadly instead of learning from the sheer madness of the last 8 years eurozone politicians and public are instead pretending that this is some kind of success story . 
  when the only things propping the currency up have been the ecb massively bending the rules so it can implement qe . 
  regardless the only thing that would work being politically non-viable does n't mean that what is politically viable will work .
