  it is buying assets with the money . 
  then burning the money again when the assets mature . 
  so it is naturally bound to the economy and can not run without limit . 
  all it can do is create a liquidity spike at a time when liquidity is low . 
  when the money flow is going fine nobody will want to sell those assets . 
  all this is doing is making me question whether the guy has accidentally stumbled onto the truth . 
  maybe erdogan really does unnatural things with goats ? 
  maybe you can buy greek humour from them in payment of debts ? 
  the point of qe is it puts boundaries on it so you do n't get hyperinflation . 
  also inflation was desperately needed in the eurozone the past few years anyway . 
  when you are facing a deflationary crisis money printing is hardly your problem . 
  the inability to borrow was itself an artificial construction of the bizarre way the eurozone functions . 
  qe could have allowed any degree of borrowing in the short term . 
  though the most appropriate response was correctly some kind of eurozone marshall plan investing the money needed to reform the struggling economies . 
  leave is project `` there are no facts '' . 
  leave is pretty much operating out of the russian playbook of denying there is any such thing as knowledge and thus their policy is as good as any other . 
  there wo n't be any cut to immigration . 
  all that will happen if we leave the eu is we 'll get more migration from the former empire . 
  the vast bulk of greece 's expenditure is interest payments . 
  if the debt was cleared greece would literally be rolling in money . 
  yes the south of europe has economic problems that need to be resolved anyway but it is literally impossible to reform anything when bankrupt . 
  solving their issues needs massive fiscal investment . 
  why give greece money resolving the problem when you can give them half as much now and not resolve the problem ? 
  just give greece half as much money as necessary via the back door and keep paying forever so we can pretend we are n't paying . 
  the only downside is the destruction of greece at greater cost than to not destroy greece would cost . 
  there was nothing necessary about austerity . 
  though admittedly once one nation beats the austerity drum they become a free rider and make it very hard for other nations to do otherwise . 
  to be fair nearly every economist thought governments latching onto this single piece of research was idiotic as well . 
  expansionary austerity was not well received by mainstream economics . 
  this was politicians deciding that their bizarre ideology finally had some kind of research back up . 
  i 'm not entirely serious . 
  it is obvious once glorious british union is established that we will reclaim the french throne as mandated by the treaty of troyes . 
  everyone should leave and join glorious british union . 
  we 'll have a single currency , parliament and no french people !, 
  it was one mistake in a single sourced piece of research as well . 
  just so happens that the only piece of research that suggested expansionary austerity could work turned out to be a load of old bollocks . 
  almost as if having multiple repeated experiments demonstrating a concept should be standard practice before taking it seriously . 
  you understand that you can choose to not shop on a sunday even if the law allowed it ? 
  certainly any sane person would be opposed to a law that demanded you go out shopping on sunday . 
  there is a two year exit process after the uk formally says `` we 're off '' . 
  there is no need to pre-empt that process at all . 
  when your troops are training with brushes rather than assault rifles maybe it makes sense to appease russia . 
  why you hate russia ? 
  russia only want to hug baltics with strategic hug units ( now with reactive armour ) . 
  so basically every time russia invades somebody the eu becomes evil ? 
  well to be fair they do n't have the right to force out all the ethnic georgians and then hold a referendum . 
  is that all this law is ? 
  strict liability is already a thing in most places . 
  i do n't think anyone is proposing that ukraine joins any time soon . 
  all employment is one person buying another person 's body . 
  what makes sex work special ? 
  yes but even these countries are dependent on trade with oil nations . 
  it is why the `` dubai '' model is so much bollocks . 
  being dependent upon business and services that itself is funded by oil does n't make you safe . 
   this is n't somalia . 
  worse , it is france . 
  if it is wrong in the eu it is probably tied to france in some way . 
  just the way things are !, 
  i can still recall that one time all the pissed off british tourists got out and physically moved the farmers out of the way . 
  was glorious . 
  galicia has always been portuguese / u/elianozor, 
  new faces wo n't appear unless the political situation changes . 
  the reason there are no good opposition parties in russia is because of putin . 
  so on one hand you think voting in another party can not change anything , on another it can and did ? 
   `` oh , really ... '' , she laments . 
  i feel great disappointment in her eyes . 
  she can not understand why you hate russia . 
  have n't you been informed comrade ? 
  glorious day already here !, 
  soon no potato for anyone !, 
  i read  is simple answer : carrot . 
  then went and looked for the greater wisdom of how to exploit the vast powers of carrots . 
  well we already have the good things the eu does . 
  leaving naturally means we lose those things . 
  arguing for the status quo is always negative because you already have the benefits of the status quo . 
  there is n't a large enough support base for them to be viable . 
  the leave campaign are explicitly staying away from specifics because they know it is a losing position . 
  better to pretend we can vaguely have everything rather than actually present the real trade offs that exist . 
  it is n't arbitrary . 
  the thirty years war ended the power the church had over nations . 
  after that the church steadily lost influence and only kept what influence they did by conforming with the needs of the nation . 
  the victorian era was after the religions were put in their box . 
  i 'd say the thirty years war period was like the modern middle east . 
  except with more slaughter . 
  the obvious answer is europe belonging to britain . 
  actually we 've done a lot to reduce harm of freak accidents and could probably save more lives in that area than from terrorism . 
  that and nobody would notice another bomb going off in the balkans . 
  unless we go ww over it obviously . 
  both nations should have been combined into the most serene republic of \u00c5land . 
  we do n't have enough begging bowls yet . 
  soon !, 
  there is n't really a leftist dm . 
  the mirror is the leftist sun . 
  some communist global revolution journal would be the opposite of the dm . 
  it means you are n't a proper european . 
  love it or leave it / u/qwieke !, 
  needs more serbia . 
  interpretation of scripture changes all the time . 
  there is a huge ot which conveniently becomes canon and non-canon depending upon the needs of the church . 
  it has only become unchanging with the reality of mass literacy .
