  this is pretty standard in uk student politics . 
  we had a white turkish woman claiming to be from an historically oppressed minority as well . 
  student politics has sadly always been this shitty when it comes to `` armed struggle '' . 
  though it used to be they cheered on the ussr when it sent tanks into prague without the slightest hint of irony . 
  de gaulle only really became anti-anglo after ww2 when it was clear britain and the us were more envisaging a bipartnership rather than a tripartnership . 
  i mean france only had relative independence at all because de gaulle basically buggered off and liberated paris himself . 
  the plan was to have france run by the amg . 
  in which case france would be a liberated country rather than a victor at the negotiating table . 
  looks like the only option is to somehow disregard irish law and do whatever we want ... 
  no i intend to be here forever . 
  is n't this postulated as the reason populations from africa have higher sickle cell rates ? 
  it highlights the dangers of eugenics if it ever becomes popular again . 
  yeah he 's a tosser but this is precisely a breach of human rights . 
  sounds like the prisoner officers are using their powers to institute some extra judicial punishment . 
  can i lose 5/6 years instead ? 
  only possible with strong leader . 
  only strong leader can mislead properly . 
  technically more than 1 . 
  1 person is not some . 
  tbh a lot of the abolishing of stuff was done by parliament . 
  people have attributed the actions of parliament in that time to cromwell as if he was a dictator . 
  the one major crime he can be accused of is ireland . 
   in what way register ? 
  when the eg started there was a process by which every member added themselves to a record stating their attendance . 
  the nobles wanted to split up so they each had their own records . 
  the third estate wanted a sole register of all attendance . 
  it was symbolic as much as anything else . 
   well you still need the recognition of the king . 
  i do n't think they cared about that . 
  they 'd realised that they could just ignore the king until he agreed to do the right thing . 
  was n't the national assembly formed because the nobility wanted to register separately from the third estate ? 
  the members of the third insisted on joint registration and then basically formed their own estate-general which eventually became the national assembly . 
  telling the king `` this is the body running the nation , if the nobles do n't want to turn up then i guess we 're running the country on our own '' . 
  well more correctly it was a nation that could only tax poor people . 
  the financial crisis was the reason for the estates-general even being called . 
  without which there is no debate over who is the third estate . 
  the king had basically spent a decade in crisis trying to get the nobility to pay some sort of taxes . 
  he saw the third estate as a potential ally in the whole mess and thus doubled the participation of them in the estates-general . 
  this led to the revolution . 
  the bankruptcy is the back drop for everything that happens though . 
  it was impossible for the king to restore order because he was bankrupt . 
   it 's not like france was going through its first financial crisis at that time . 
  this one was particularly spectacular . 
  particularly because previous ministers had effectively decided the best way to keep going is actually to spend more so lenders think we must be rich to be borrowing all this money . 
  institute a lord protector who 's role is roughly a figure head except he sends the cavalry against anyone who tries to make themselves an mp for life . 
  have zero succession plan for when said lp dies . 
  invite king back with vastly reduced powers . 
  dig up dead lp and behead him . 
  slowly evolve monarchy to the point where it is the protectorate with a succession plan over many centuries . 
  well we know that in hindsight but it is like we all know the ussr was bankrupt for half its existence . 
  this was n't really known at the time . 
  suspected by some maybe . 
  iirc the attitude towards the ottomans was by many that they could n't understand why their empire was dysfunctional and assumed it would eventually sort itself out . 
  i 'm not sure anyone has predicted a big empire like that would fall until it was already half way done . 
  honestly domestically napoleon should be well respected . 
  he took a nation that could tax nobody and had no two citizens that shared the same set of laws * and created a sensible state which had resolved most of these issues . 
  napoleon might have reversed some of the revolution but he actually resolved the issues that had caused the revolution to begin with . 
  * a lot of people falsely believe the french revolution was started because middle class people wanted rights . 
  it started because france was bankrupt and it turned out the legal system in france made it nearly impossible to actually resolve the issue . 
  tbh i ca n't recall many us elections like that . 
  it has often been some insane republican and some uninspiring but probably sane and stable democrat . 
  obama broke the run of uninspiring democrats . 
  hilary is a return to a democrat so boring that gw bush could win against her . 
  is this the same magic greece used ? 
  unemployment in wales is 5.2 % ? 
  it does n't feel that way . 
   economists that encouraged them to buy that house with an amazing variable rate ? 
  economists really do n't deal with the mortgage market . 
  if anything economists have roundly criticised the economic fetishisation of property . 
  the bulk of people were arguing against euro adoption back then . 
  i do n't know where this myth that we were saved at the 11th hour from the euro by the tories came from . 
  the euro was a widely unpopular idea for everyone and gordon brown more or less opened the debate with a set of tests that were fundamentally impossible for the eu to meet ( arguably no currency block in existence meets them ) . 
  it was all a bit of political grandstanding and tony blair is the only person in the nation who seemed to be in favour ( beyond the lds ) . 
  near enough nobody was arguing that not joining would cause chaos . 
  a lot of people were arguing the opposite though ( that joining would ruin the economy ) . 
  it was n't a coherent nearly everyone saying the same thing issue like the eu exit debate is . 
  people bizarrely think we 're going to subsidise the exit with trade deals with china . 
  they seem to miss that china already does more trade with the eu than anyone else . 
  some people honestly seem to believe that with a free hand we 'll be able to convince the rest of the world to sell us stuff below cost or something . 
  or that trade deals that do n't penalise anti-competitive practices will have no consequences ( while moaning about chinese steel being subsidised and priced below cost ) . 
  it is very difficult to argue with the brexit crowd because they literally have no coherent argument at all . 
  most brexit supporters seem to hold at least 2 or 3 mutually incompatible ideas simultaneously . 
  well britain does n't either but we still managed to win it a disturbing number of times . 
  tbh number of ships is pretty much meaningless . 
  in combat trials the type-45 basically out performed all our previous destroyers put together . 
  the type and quality of the ship seems to matter massively . 
  well invite the czech 's in . 
  they will eat you . 
  yeah and we should tell them to go their merry way then . 
  then they have no access to the uk and eu markets and thus can not operate as a tax haven . 
  ipa is meaningless elvish though !, 
  it started earlier than that . 
  the uk pushing a british identity started in the 1800s . 
  you guys are named after rome . 
  can not even get your own name . 
  so are austria actually akaviri ? 
  not sure . 
  i think publicly we all agree this is a terrible idea but privately feel better about ourselves because of this . 
  no potato rural or urban . 
  qe is not just money printing .
