  islam is getting stronger in that there are a lot of islamic immigrants . 
  that is at best a transient effect . 
  the real change in the uk is the swing towards non-religion . 
  as immigration from the old empire dies down ( and as we get further from the empire it seems reasonable that this will be the case ) it should level off . 
  last time the eu took action they basically fined ms an increasing amount each day until they complied . 
  although that was in response to a demand they fix something . 
  it has became an issue precisely because it is dying . 
  if coe attendance falls any lower we 'll need to start using negative numbers . 
  europe is abandoning religion because it is n't seen as the binding force in society any more . 
  before the rise of nationalism the religious association was very powerful . 
  nations rose and fell on the tide of religious conflict . 
  the peace of westphalia really ended political religion . 
  it strongly established the concept of a sovereign state and shattered the political power of the catholic church . 
  from that point onwards the state was seen as the natural source of identity rather than the church . 
  of course protestantism in general helped with this by shattering the idea of religion as a hierarchy . 
  since then religion has kind of floated around on life support . 
  most nations had laws enforcing religious practice until relatively recently . 
  the uk still has laws mandating prayer in schools for instance . 
  they are just ignored so nobody takes issue . 
  on the language front . 
  the goidelic languages ( gaelic , irish , scottish and manx ) are considered to have a distinct history and evolution from the brythonic languages ( breton , welsh and cornish ) . 
  they probably do share a root somewhere but it is lost in history . 
  whereas we know precisely when welsh and cornish started to deviate ( i.e. 
  the sun is more damaging just because it has a larger circulation . 
  however i do n't think it is as vile as the mail . 
  the mail was cheerleader hitler in the uk before ww2 . 
  that says roughly as much as needs to be said about them . 
  the same family are still running the newspaper . 
  for the most part people buy the sun for tits , celebrities and football . 
  the political bollocks is attached , unwanted but absorbed anyway by its buyers . 
  dm readers buy the paper because they believe that crap directly . 
   calling everything awesome and the best ever britain does n't do that . 
  nothing is good and nothing is bad . 
  everything is somewhat decent or could improve . 
   some experts say that governments are loath to cede more sovereignty to brussels . 
  yet all the e.u. 
  governments signed up to the 2009 lisbon treaty precisely to give europe a stronger , coherent and more effective voice . 
  everyone agrees on unified defence . 
  the disagreement is on the terms . 
  france and britain hold nearly all the fire power and have a different view of the world to the rest of the eu . 
  in particular germany are opposed . 
  it is a strange situation for europe . 
  for now both sides are content with developing the mechanisms of integration ( which are mostly already there because of nato ) and leaving the political question until the future . 
  it is a question of who exactly has access to data . 
  expanded powers in the uk are controversial because last time it happened we had petty bureaucrats snooping on people for minor offences . 
  he just wants to create living room for the homosexuals . 
  what is evil about this ? 
  russia is exactly like european countries used to be . 
  the liberal mentality in europe is very new . 
  did n't come into existence until after ww2 . 
  russia is effectively like pre-war europe . 
  russia is really only a thousand years behind . 
  i 'll be honest . 
  the attempted wtd reforms are stupid . 
  the wtd is a very popular idea . 
  i 'm referring more to the general trend of actually trying to get the common market something that is working . 
  in particular the uk wants a common service market with common regulatory bodies for employees in that field . 
  it is worth noting that austria could have claimed to be germany at just about any time . 
  it would have had to give up its own empire though . 
  that was the debate . 
  austrian germany with austria losing loads of territory or a smaller prussian germany . 
  it was legal . 
  it was an abuse of exceptional power . 
  essentially hitler was given emergency powers to deal with insurgent elements in germany . 
  he used that to ban his political opponents and give himself even more power . 
  essentially the act needed to be renewed by their parliament every 4 years . 
  so he used the act to eliminate the opposition which was legal . 
  this is really a pr exercise . 
  the uks reforms are usually for the benefit of the entire eu . 
  market cohesion and liberalisation is beneficial to all . 
  in fact half the eu supports it naturally . 
  what we 've always been shit at is framing the argument . 
  others can propose that they get given money and they 'll present it as if it is a sacrifice . 
  the uk has been really bad at this bullshit . 
  we manage to propose something which is genuinely a good idea and somehow make it sound self serving . 
  wales has everything bilingual . 
  protected by law . 
  there are people who complain but for the most part nobody cares . 
  they should wear scottish kilts and define them as skirts for technical reasons . 
  if anyone says anything just smear blue shit over your face and head butt them . 
  knighthood or honorary knighthood ? 
  one is a noble title . 
  the other is an honorary title . 
   people keep falling off mountains or going up unprepared . 
  is this the beacons again ? 
  the sas train there . 
  you are not fucking prepared !, 
  when the sas have even lost people up there i do n't know how people keep trying to replicate them . 
  the mountains are n't even tall . 
  it is n't as if you are going to brag about climbing the beacons because anyone looking them up would think `` meh it is hardly everest '' . 
  however you can die . 
  the wind up there does n't give a shit if it is n't everest . 
  i believe you have to give up american citizenship if you accept a noble title . 
  that was probably the issue . 
  slowing the process down is a good thing . 
  laws are set for the foreseeable future . 
  legal changes should always be made with the question of what our great grand children would think about them . 
  effectively the law is set forever or until we change it . 
  law should be drawn on that basis . 
  an extra year delay while you debate a bill properly is a good thing .
