   the uk provides legal support for poor people not anymore we do n't . 
  you are right this is n't a poverty issue though . 
  poverty does n't necessitate neglect . 
  the biggest issue is n't nukes but deployment . 
  it is why britain 's `` independent deterrent '' is so laughable . 
  we use american deployment platforms exclusively . 
  tbh when criticising the us it tends to be things like capital punishment . 
  it would be dishonest to say `` what they do is fine '' . 
  there are probably more europeans with a good opinion of the us than vice versa . 
  despite complaining . 
  tbh the deployments are too small to achieve anything . 
  they are there to guarantee us public support should russia invade . 
  any russian invasion of the baltic will likely see those nations in russian hands until nato can deploy in force . 
  to be fair the alternative candidates are all terrible . 
  looking at your flair . 
  garibaldi gave a fuck for a few years . 
  italians everywhere have been regretting it ever since . 
  acknowledging the existence of other people should be a crime . 
  then they have to acknowledge your existence which is clumsy and awkward . 
  the best approach is stoic pretence you can not see each other . 
  the alternative is an arms race of social irrelevancy that expands without end . 
  tbh the ua has come close a few times . 
  each time russia sends more `` innocent supplies of food and medicine '' and the conflict returns to stalemate . 
  eventually if sanctions start to bite it might become difficult for russia to keep reinforcing . 
  yeah the whole reason for having us troops in eastern europe is russia will have to kill americans on day 1 of any invasion . 
  there would then be no political debate about the response . 
  well our flag is literally based upon the fact cartographers gave up shortly past hereford . 
  the subsidies historically have been about guaranteeing a minimum price . 
  they put a price floor on european food . 
  not all subsidies reduce prices . 
  they are a bit more nuanced today but in no way do they reduce food prices . 
  no it would not be cheaper to produce food in africa . 
  the african farmers are so unproductive that european farmers actually produce cheaper food . 
  china is operating via comparative advantage . 
  they import any complex high tech goods from the west . 
  nearly all their factory equipment was built in the west . 
  not really . 
  it is always better for an economy to focus on the comparative advantage of that economy and to seek to import products they are disadvantaged in . 
  for britain i 'll pick mordor . 
  we have lots in common : 1 . 
  both have shit weather . 
  both historically had vast evil empires . 
  both desire a return to power . 
  a shared history of achieving domination over lesser powers by trading trinkets . 
  the marriage of the witch-king and the undead thatcher needs to happen . 
   cardiff : does n't like swansea  swansea : does n't like cardiff this is just a special case of the general definition of what true wales is . 
  wales is a recursively defined country as follows . 
  selectwales ( me-and-my-mam ) = me-and-my-mam selectwales ( prospectivewales ) = selectwales ( 1/4 * width ( prospectivewales ) radius around me-and-my-mam ) thus we can clearly see that in cardiff , swansea is not wales and in swansea , cardiff is not wales . 
  from within cardiff you can also see that north cardiff is not wales from the south and vice versa . 
   wales = sheep shaggers and ** lots of unpronounceable place being with 'll ' ** just put your tongue in the top of your mouth then start hissing and make an l sound simultaneously . 
  do this for a few hours and if people start laughing appreciate you 've just made people happy . 
  this does seem to be a trend with non-western nations . 
  treating combat exercises as a prestige thing rather than a `` we want to win fucking wars '' thing . 
  honestly the raf has gotten more out of this exercise . 
  you almost want to lose war games because only then can you see the fault lines . 
  whether realistic or not . 
  of course none of this deals with the fact that logistics actually wins wars . 
  the falklands example brought up was won because britain managed to arrange for france to stop supplying the argentinians with weapons and technical support . 
  after that it was only a matter of time . 
  the typhoon is literally designed for manoeuvrability and pushes relaxed stability into areas just about no other fighter ever has in pursuing that goal . 
  also it is a bit of a meaningless test . 
  the su-30 uses thrust vectoring which is nice in limited combat games but is very dangerous in large air engagements with well designed air combat doctrine . 
  so the pope calling for the protestant nations to be brought to heel during the thirty years war did n't happen ? 
  other nations attached themselves to religious conflicts for their own personal reasons ( i.e. 
  france defending the protestants because they wanted to weaken austria ) but to say there was no religious conflict is just ignorant . 
  if people are n't wary when the power of an institution like an organised church grows there is something wrong with them . 
  being religious is all fine and well . 
  having some giant pan-national ( or even international ) organisation with a political hierarchy is a completely unnecessary addition to the religion . 
  i mean i 'm atheist but if i was n't i 'd definitely be in luther 's camp . 
  why on earth does faith need a grand hierarchy ? 
   russian control over ukraine was always precarious because it rested on roughly half the country while the other half seemed to vehemently hate russia thus the orange revolution and euromaidan . 
  i do n't think it is true that the west of ukraine hated russia . 
  it does now but it did n't then . 
  tbh this probably could have done with the / s tag . 
  i was parodying the `` why should greeks get x pension when we get y '' . 
  why should greece get more beers than turkey ? 
  right you are just fundamentally opposed to basic liberalism . 
  this discussion is a complete waste of time . 
  it is like holding an ethical debate with somebody who feels the moon is made of cheese your views are so senseless . 
  there is no evidence that these restrictions will even block the deaths . 
  arguably the fact the terrorists are actually achieving their goals would imply they 'd deploy more terror . 
  if it works , why not ? 
  the correct response to terror is to ensure they do not achieve their aims . 
  if anything we should double down the opposite direction . 
  make it clear terror will undermine their objectives . 
  no it is n't . 
  no civilisation is ever perfect but we always strife to be better . 
  trying to actively go the wrong direction is wrong headed . 
  we 've never achieve perfect anything but that does n't make what is right wrong . 
  it is a complete non-argument you are making . 
  the game has n't changed . 
  we can ignore extremist islam without any serious consequences . 
  all the terror attacks amount to a bloody nose by the standards of history . 
  a century from now nobody will even be taught about the great era of islamic terrorism in history lessons . 
  unless it is in the context of `` so peaceful was the post communist times that people seriously thought terrorism was a threat worth addressing '' . 
  which is no justification that we should be moving in the wrong direction . 
  we 've never had civilisation without rape either . 
  no problem . 
  i only insult the religions that are wrong anyway . 
  indeed and by the way i am in fact the thought police .
