  the free market is the best at optimising economic outcomes ( usually , money supply is another fun can of worms ) . 
  sometimes the best economic outcome is something horrible like famine . 
  naturally we do n't want that . 
  this is why i do n't go to ni . 
  my father was a catholic atheist and my mother a protestant atheist . 
  i 'm an atheist-atheist and the spawn of satan i believe . 
  most of us have already subconsciously redrawn the border of ireland to the north east in preparation for what we hope is to come . 
  if only we can trick dublin into taking it off our hands . 
  i propose we disband our army and send insults to ireland until they declare war . 
  should sort the whole problem out . 
   terms and conditions apply : not `` the right thing '' when dealing with food , water , energy , healthcare , education and several other fundamental goods and services . 
  the free market needs consideration when the output is worth more than mere money yes . 
  even then the smallest possible adjustment should be made and with as much thought as possible . 
  which is why the counter intuitive policy of guaranteeing a minimum food price is the best way to ensure the public do not starve , not a food price ceiling . 
  has n't rome been on the verge of collapse since diocletian said `` like fuck am i coming back to this place again '' ? 
  deserve is nothing to do with anything . 
  a greek haircut is entirely necessary . 
  it is n't necessary in any of the other countries . 
  i think cameron has managed to tread the water between those he wants to appease and those he wants to use ( i.e. 
  nick clegg ) very well . 
  giving the former nothing but words and letting the latter more free reign than was strictly necessary ( while still sticking him with tuition fees and an entirely rubbish av referendum ) . 
  tbh he 's probably stitched up the lds more than was helpful . 
  still i genuinely dislike putting a sheep before the electorate to distract people from wolves . 
  despite cameron 's victories he 's still the sheep to hide the lunatics . 
  cameron is very pro-european . 
  they 've talked about accelerating the eu referendum because it seems the tide has significantly turned in public opinion * . 
  they wanted it out of the way before greece exploded . 
  guess it is too late now . 
  * as in the `` in or out , no compromise from brussels '' is currently leading in most of the polls, 
  cameron is n't really the problem with the tories . 
  he 's the blair style face of the operation . 
  people like gove , may and ids are the problem . 
  at some point the tories figured out they can put a wet in as leader and have more proper tories actually running the show behind the scene . 
  then let nice mr cameron deflect all the blows . 
  i really dislike the figurehead mode of government ( i disliked it with blair as well ) as it mostly suggests the voting public are a bit daft . 
  it is very hard to challenge a figurehead based government because you end up needing to heap the crimes of the morons onto mr reasonable in the middle and it never sticks . 
  so you end up either in a pointless campaign against individual ministers who 'll just be replaced by somebody just as bad or trying to smear a reasonable man to the public . 
  neither of these achieves anything . 
  yeah we know for a fact the debt solution is a failure at start . 
  however he is not wrong about economic reform . 
  doing more with less is the definition of economic development . 
  people move on and find jobs elsewhere . 
  the problem in some nations is they 've put this off so long that the transition is earth shattering . 
  it will come eventually , forced by the simple reality of no longer having an economy . 
  greece is proof positive of this basic fact . 
  the ussr is another , even with a huge army the reality of markets could not be stopped . 
  if communism , with nukes , with armies , with gulags , and with a political class given unrestricted power , could not stop the market from behaving as it would then what makes people think anyone else can ? 
  it is better to actually do it as early as you can . 
  the best time to liberalise your market was 20 years ago . 
  the second best time is today . 
  tomorrow the necessary pain will just be even greater . 
   i also do n't like that the crisis is being used to push a free-marketize-everything ideology because i fear that is n't going to stop with greece . 
  you think some of these absurd restrictions make sense ? 
   pharmacies must be owned by licensed pharmacists and they can each own only one . 
  other rules dictate where new pharmacies may open , as well as their operating hours . 
  as a result , prices for consumers are higher , as are retail margins for the pharmacies . 
  i mean yeah licensing for pharmacies is fine but the rest is madness . 
  this is a planned economy masquerading as something else . 
  why should greek citizens pay higher price for the suffering pharmacies ? 
  free market is the default . 
  it is usually `` the right thing '' . 
  where you have endless amounts of market fiddling , particularly in a country renown for corruption and political favours , you have to ask the question why . 
  i 've been pretty pro-greece on the wider fiscal/monetary policy front but this stuff is plain crazy . 
  it drastically increases the basic cost of doing business and serves little purpose other than to protect a few preferred classes at the expense of the rest of the population . 
  same thing with absurd taxi overregulation that is only there to force customers to pay extortionate prices to the protected class of taxi drivers in many countries . 
  medieval guilds and states protecting them is a backwards state of affair . 
  regulation needs to happen but the vast bulk of this stuff serves nobody but a particular group of people that bribed a particular politician at a particular time . 
  the tory government of the day wanted us in but they did n't have the political clout needed to get that past parliament . 
  regardless it was brown who actually killed it off . 
  the greeks attack the imf because the imf are `` american '' rather than the european members of the troika . 
  it fits better with the `` pro-eu but anti-austerity and anti-debt '' message syriza were pushing . 
  in short the body which many see as american is a useful political whipping boy . 
  particularly as they ca n't really defend themselves . 
  nobody but that is what the survey was dealing with . 
  the vast , vast bulk of international agreements are n't written down anywhere . 
  i know some civil law cultures have an obsession with there either being a clause in a document somewhere or not but the real world does n't function this way . 
  if it was agreed verbally at some point britain will treat it as an existent fact . 
  the simple truth is if this is used to bail out greece , britain will likely refuse to pay whatever its share will be . 
  considering partners that need every agreed step written down in legalese to be unreliable and unrealistic . 
  no amount of bureaucratic whining will change that reality . 
   they did n't seem to expect the resilience , the `` whatever it takes '' approach . 
  actually they did and the ez has taken `` the bare minimum that kind of looks like it might work right now '' approach instead . 
  the eu is not defending the euro with all guns firing . 
  the eu is making a very half hearted effort to keep it ticking over just over this ridge . 
  actually fixing the eurozone requires incredible steps . 
  it will bleed money out of the core nations at every crisis , having bled money into those nations from the periphery in good times . 
  this was the reason we did n't join . 
  gordon brown kept us out and his argument was nothing to do with nationalism . 
  the tories beat the nationalist drum during the campaign but they had little to no say in the decision . 
  in truth brown was opposed to the euro and constructed a set of tests that were absolutely impossible to actually meet without political integration . 
  then said `` nope the ez has failed our tests , guess we are n't joining '' . 
  the whole `` save the pound '' campaign was a farce because provided brown stuck to his guns there was no chance that we would join the euro . 
  it is drawing false equivalence . 
  it is like saying mel gibson and hitler are equivalent because they both hate jews . 
  they had a group of people attached to the reigns of power when the whole thing collapsed . 
  then you have a population who have no idea how to capitalist ( and apparently still do n't ) . 
  this is a combination that will end up with concentrated wealth in the hands of those with power . 
  they are talking about a million rubles . 
  that is $ 17,700 . 
  to be fair to the bloke he was pretty much a prisoner of the paris commune from the moment he left versailles .
