  an expectation feminists are as opposed to as mr activists . 
  the question is why mr activists are so bad at raising funding for things we arguably need . 
  it has taken us 50 years to figure out that something like movember is a much more effective form of campaign for men than the traditional methods people have tried to lift from feminism . 
  regardless i do n't believe my female friends and family should go without support just because we do n't have support for men . 
  we should try to solve the second problem rather than exacerbate the first one . 
  radioactive material is a fraction of the problem . 
  as monboit put it . 
  clean coal is otherwise known as coal . 
  with all the primary nasty side effects of coal . 
  quite a lot but the ignorance of that should n't justify ignorance of this issue . 
  it is n't a gender war . 
  it appals me when it happens to people i care about . 
  regardless of gender . 
  it is such a sham that something so important like fisheries is such a side line in europe . 
  unlike agriculture our fish stocks really are under threat and really do need significant action and painful concessions to save . 
  have to agree . 
  hannan is almost a comic book villain level of eurosceptic . 
  not answering your phone is just childish . 
  britain is not the only one who wants to cut the budget but hollande is intentionally presenting it as such . 
   you cant leave it tell that to scotland . 
  or ni . 
  the right for ni self determination is literally a matter of law . 
  gb has always worked closely with the netherlands and denmark . 
  those nations are in the same voting block in the eu and have been for a long time . 
  what has changed is germany are on our side . 
  all of britain 's success in europe have more or less come about when germany disagrees with france and refuses to `` take one for the team '' . 
  it pretty much comes down repeatedly to where germany and france are in their relations . 
  right now france has a leader that is ideologically on the opposite side of a chasm to merkel . 
  come on it is n't as if these people committed some minor crime like murder or rape . 
  they shared files . 
  the entire fabric of society is based around not sharing files !, 
  the eu parliament likes to pretend they are . 
  this is why no one takes them seriously !, 
  also it still did n't create an independent cyprus . 
  the plan called for reinvigoration of the treaty of guarantee . 
  it is a convenient argument . 
  the annan plan basically called for a reset . 
  cyprus would unify and go back to being a nation who 's sovereignty is jointly owned by turkey , greece and the uk . 
  the greek cypriots rejected it precisely because archaic treaties designed by a political body that does n't exist any more should not stop them from being a nation . 
  turkey basically backed a deal they knew would be rejected . 
  the sensible way forward is a unified cyprus with its own sovereignty . 
  the barrier to that is turkey who insists that there is no deal that does n't keep turkish sovereignty ( albeit joint ) over the islands . 
  look at the current situation . 
  the uk is never going to assert its position as a guarantor of independence . 
  greece is too poor to do anything . 
  the turks basically want a deal that conveniently leaves them in charge of the whole island . 
  as it is i think the whole situation is best resolved by restarting turkish accession talks and finding a way for them in . 
  on the condition that they agree to proper sovereignty for a unified cyprus rather than a tripartite guarantor system . 
  the only alternative that could work but is completely unthinkable would be for the uk to assert its role as guarantor of independence . 
  hell turkey might even agree to it if it keeps greece out . 
  the last alternative is to do nothing . 
  there is n't an eu patent court . 
  there is a european patent court . 
  it is n't part of the eu . 
  the eu parliament is much too farcical to act as a serious circus . 
  we are going about this the wrong way . 
  obviously we should have a third parliament in london . 
  fuck have one in berlin as well . 
  the best way to deal with absurdity is to roll with it and let it kill itself . 
  except we are n't arguing about everything . 
  the simple fact is there was an agreement on cap reform and we still have n't seen meaningful progress . 
  the current suggestions on reform are so shallow to have not been worth bothering with . 
  we are calling it into question because a deal was struck and it has n't been honoured . 
   you ca n't just decide to start growing more one day and have it instantly . 
  of course not . 
  which is why you store a surplus of food to cover that gap . 
  this can be done much more cheaply than cap . 
   i have been told a solution can not happen with britain . 
  but why should one country decide for 26 others ? 
  indeed we could have agreed at the last european summit this old nonsense . 
  loads of people in the room agreed with cameron . 
  the uk is as always left to be the barer of bad news while everyone else dances around the issue for fear of being accused of being against the eu . 
  do you honestly think germany wants to increase the eu budget at this point ? 
  as it advocates austerity with even more vigour than the uk ? 
   the french president said the eu was `` a project where we can not keep on arguing about what is already there and calling everything into question at every step '' . 
  of course it is . 
  the uk once had a law allowing criminals to be executed . 
  we changed that law because it was no longer fit for purpose ( and arguably was always a mistake ) . 
  does france honestly argue that everything the eu ever does will be fit for purpose for all time ? 
  that is more extreme that the us constitutionalist faith . 
  their constitution at least recognises that things change and people even make mistakes . 
  i 'm generally pro-european but this idea of an eu ratchet is one of the craziest concepts i 've ever seen . 
  that once a law is created you can not undo it . 
  i would n't mind the cap if it did n't amount to paying taxes so i can pay more for food . 
  it is basic insanity . 
  we do n't even need to produce 100 % of our own food for food security . 
  we just need to spend enough to maintain basic competencies . 
  so long as each nation could scale up its food production should war ( either trade or shooting ) kick off we have food security . 
  the policy is not fit for purpose . 
  ironically big brother would probably call any liberal bill `` orwellian '' . 
  will it still be chest high ? 
  it is hard to say what the assemblies powers are now . 
  the new act basically allows the wa to fast track a request for a new power through westminster . 
  where previously westminster just ignored such things eternally . 
  though there are a great number of explicit limitations . 
  it just struck me that people had in mind some sort of situation similar to pakistan and india . 
  where millions of irate scots cross the border in one direction or another overnight . 
  annoyed that they have to go live with that lot of idiots ( whichever direction they are going the idiots will be on that side ) . 
  in reality it 'd likely be joint government for a prolonged period and after that a special relationship like ireland has where there is no border . 
  health is devolved to the welsh assembly .
