  that is how it is supposed to work is n't it ? 
  wild dogs are more effective than reno . 
  it really does n't . 
  there are loads of thin people who could n't run a mile . 
  exercise makes you fit and only exercise makes you fit . 
  there are obese people who can run a marathon ( though not quickly by very fit standards ) as that is largely about cv fitness built by training . 
  there are skinny people who 'd be blowing after going up the stairs . 
  see all kinds all the time . 
  it is particularly common that you get people who go to the gym thinking they are going to lose 100lbs from the treadmill . 
  they end up able to run for miles but are still way overweight . 
  now it is likely that a person who exercises probably also eats properly but that is incidental . 
  the eating properly helps them control their weight but has nothing to do with the hours spent exercising each week . 
  eating less does n't make you fit . 
  exercise makes you fit . 
  russia basically defines fascism as `` being opposed to russia '' . 
  ironically the current russian government still qualifies . 
  i still think the new look is genius . 
  indeed . 
  the point is the whole eurofighter fall out happened because the eurofighter project insisted on using the bae engine over the french alternative . 
  wait until you guys figure out that bae are making the engines !, 
  nah we do n't . 
  no aircraft carriers for a few years . 
  gives you some idea of the scale of modern ships . 
  all of the rn ships listed here are tiny by modern standards . 
  heinrich br\u00fcning still rules in germany . 
  how can i moan about that label ? 
  yes, 
  to be fair a leader having 54 % popularity is cause for a revolution or something . 
  nobody should like politicians this much . 
  competent lizards are at best tolerated . 
  i 'm not talking about people coming to the uk . 
  i 'm talking about uk service sector companies selling their services abroad . 
  yeah but i doubt most people are aware of what being in the eea means . 
  or that most people with any kind of meaningful treaty with the eu essentially are eea or eea in disguise . 
  i seriously doubt the uk parliament will feel it necessary to hold a referendum over the eea . 
  particularly as despite the public being opposed to immigration the leave campaign is keeping the rhetoric restricted to sovereignty and other waffle the public do n't really care about . 
  tbh the increasing `` no possible knowledge '' claims are massively overreaching . 
  it is n't certain what will happen but it is reasonable to extrapolate from what already exists in the world . 
  it is much easier and non-controversial for the uk to take a position like norway or switzerland . 
  what already exists is obviously precedented and thus more easily achieved . 
  for the uk to have trade access , without freedom of movement and with the ability to trade without restriction with everyone else will be by far the most resisted path . 
  maybe the eu will be forced to accept this but it would require force ( at least political and economic ) . 
  trade blocks are rarely happy with groups saying `` we want access without compromise on our part , also we 're going to trade with people you do n't '' . 
  it allows third parties to bypass the customs zone through this special partner in the middle . 
  agreeing to do this effectively disbands the eu customs block . 
  the other thing completely missed in the debate is not having freedom of movement screws our services sector . 
  given this is far more important to the uk than finances , agriculture and manufacturing put together it seems like the one thing we would n't want to lose . 
  arguably the ideal trade agreement for the uk is no trade access but with freedom of movement rather than the other way around . 
  i think the most likely result of all this ( assuming we leave ) remains that eea membership will be quickly agreed and executed . 
  nobody will point out to the public what this means until it is too late . 
  the us obviously does n't win every argument . 
  if they did nobody would sign up to the wto at all . 
  the wto is partisan to existence and does whatever it has to do to keep existing . 
  of course not and they wo n't sacrifice it to appease the uk if the eu decides the wtos rules are a touch inconvenient . 
  the wto has been making partisan rulings in favour of the us for years . 
  if the eu suddenly needs a partisan ruling against the uk it will get one . 
  tbh the wto only has teeth at all because relevant members are either the eu or us . 
  if the uk splits from the eu and tries to invoke the wto we 'll see just how utterly meaningless the organisation would be if the eu decides to just ignore it . 
  most of the world outside the eu and us are already begging for the organisation to explode into a million pieces . 
  the truth is the wto needs the eu far more than it needs the uk and any judgements will be based upon real politik rather than law and theory . 
  because that is exactly what westminster has tried whenever the eu has given a region objective 1 funding ? 
  the welsh assembly basically forced the labour government in front of a committee in brussels after gordon brown started to redirect funds away from wales after the obj1 status was granted . 
  this has been uk policy since long before the eu existed . 
  throwing struggling areas to the wolves has been the status quo since the 80s . 
  ca n't blame this one on maastricht . 
  if it is the road i 'm thinking of it is also the case that it would n't have happened had westminster had their way . 
  they tried to subtly defund wales in other areas to effectively claw back the objective 1 money into london where it belongs . 
  then people tell us `` if we were n't paying for the eu we could afford these things '' . 
  the great irony is that archduke ferdinand was probably the only serb sympathiser in the entire austro-hungarian empire . 
  they realise the economic benefits and culture go hand in hand ? 
  the allied forces were there waiting to go . 
  the military build up had happened pre-emptively for ww2 . 
  hitler invaded poland with the western powers sitting there on his border . 
  which jerries ? 
  they were all in poland . 
  how can you pirate something that is public domain ? 
  that is exactly what the allies were supposed to do . 
  ww2 would have ended in weeks . 
  the initial plan called for poland to give us two weeks to reach berlin uncontested . 
  we thought they would n't last two weeks . 
  they lasted four . 
  divisions in europe ? 
  germany buying mein kampf ? 
  do n't worry poland !, 
  britain guarantees your independence !, 
  who even grammars ? 
  actually that is exactly what all our international partners were telling us . 
  the us assumed it was impossible for the rn to retake the islands and so a large part of their government took the position of backing argentina . 
  we basically only resolved it because : 1 . 
  the ships that liberated the islands were only partially decommissioned and could be make into looking somewhat like ships again relatively quickly . 
  we told france we 'd take nukes into the area and basically give argentina an ultimatum if they did n't tell us how to defeat all their stuff . 
  also we demanded they withdraw their engineers . 
  the pro-british faction in the us government prematurely announced a deal that had n't absolutely been sealed that put the us on the uk side . 
  then they had to either accept it as fait accomplis or admit to the us public that their own government were at each others throats . 
  sidewinder missiles falling like mana from heaven from undisclosed sources . 
  who could have possibly produced those ? 
  the argentinians incompetence was legendary . 
  it probably could n't have been done if any of these things were not true . 
  the only way turkey would be kicked out of nato is if nato backed greece to execute the megali idea . 
  nato will control the bosphorus and nobody cares if erdogan is a bit of a nut .
