  obviously there is no such thing as completely separate genetic classes . 
  it is more a matter of probabilities . 
  i 'm just saying that there are reasons beyond pure social ones why races tend to inhabit certain fields so much . 
  certainly there is no shortage of white men who would n't love to run sub 10 seconds in the 100m . 
   public money needs to be continuously invested anyway this is what people are starting to learn about privatised natural monopolies . 
  they get state subsidies anyway because they essentially hold the government to ransom . 
  no matter how good your contract the actual functioning of such a relationship is heavily dependent upon good faith . 
  that is why `` work to rule '' is an incredibly powerful form of industrial action . 
  employers are dependent upon employees operating within the spirit of the agreement . 
  acting in a disruptive manner within the bounds of a contract can bring the entire operation to a halt . 
  corporations with state contracts are permanently in a work to rule state . 
  they do n't break any terms but no contract is so watertight that it has no leeway for a corporation to hold a nation to ransom . 
  that is why natural monopolies should always be owned by government and merely managed by disposable corporations on relatively short term contracts . 
  you need to remove the ransom power from the private sector . 
   there is no real reason why private sector ca n't build and maintain roads and road networks last time this happened we had an inefficient toll gate mechanism all over europe . 
  not only did nationalisation of the road network make it more efficient , it was much cheaper and the quality improved . 
  prior to this the private companies had no incentive to actually improve the quality of the roads . 
  you had to travel over their land . 
  they had an unshakable monopoly . 
  contracting out to private companies to actually do the work is a separate issue . 
  the issue is of ownership and intent . 
  the person who owns the land has little incentive to improve roads unless their fortunes are aligned precisely with the general economy . 
  otoh if you did privatise the road network i can see telecommuting becoming incredible popular . 
   however at the end of the day , it is not the public sector that creates economic growth . 
  economic growth is generated by the private sectors that creates new technologies and invents new way to perform work . 
  this is demonstrably false . 
  see how much value the private sector generates if road networks are n't maintained . 
  it is more correct to say the state generates wealth when it manages natural monopolies efficiently . 
  otherwise the private sector does a better job usually . 
   the usa , canada , australia and new zealand do not currently allow all eu migrants into their countries , do they ? 
  i do n't particularly care what they do . 
  i care what the facts and figures about the uk say . 
  those routinely put eu migration as an unequivocal net benefit to the uk . 
   what extra blocks ( to the current blocks ) on commonwealth immigration are you suggesting ? 
  currently commonwealthers are subject to all the same restrictions as the rest of the world , other than if they have a parent who was born in the uk and a citizen of the uk . 
  that is n't a whole lot of people ... why would this need to change ? 
  and what current commonwealth obligations are you thinking of ? 
  i actually do n't think there is much need to change . 
  i 'm saying that if there is change it should start there . 
  as it stands there is far more commonwealth migration than eu migration . 
  something like a 4:1 ratio as well . 
  there are n't any strict obligations as such . 
  i 'm thinking more of putting to bed the idea that we owe the commonwealth anything . 
  the crazy thing is people have absolutely no idea how these rights came about . 
  the talk is that these rights are long standing british rights dating back to magna carta and such . 
  it is complete bollocks . 
  parliament revolted twice over these rights . 
  certainly they were n't long standing rights in 1642 or 1688 . 
  even then the real transfer of rights did n't happen until gladstone more or less forced the constitution to evolve * . 
  not all that long ago . 
  the job certainly was not done by the time of ww1 . 
  arguably we are still finishing off the war with conservatism with gay rights only very recently being established properly . 
  * arguably the 17th century rebellions were over the rights of the middle class to do what they wanted . 
  they did n't realise what power they had and what those principles meant until much later . 
   not to mention that effect of german or other eurozone countries increasing investments would start to show up at earliest few years from now . 
  if only we had started in 2008 . 
  also in economic terms the turn around actually tends to come quite quickly . 
  it takes a few years before improved infrastructure turns into sustainable economic growth . 
  the increased immediate output is useful for keeping the economy ticking over regardless . 
  well if we were to do that we would continue to allow all the eu migrants in . 
  if we were outside the eu the correct policy would remain what it is today . 
  allow in the eu migrants who are nearly universally good for the economy . 
  then put increased blocks on commonwealth migration which actually does have a non-trivial drain on us . 
  if the uk wanted to rid itself of something we 'd rid ourselves of the commonwealth and all the obligations therein . 
  those actually cost us money . 
  being utterly brutal a commonwealth migrant has a non-trivial chance of becoming a permanent welfare consumer . 
  inside the eu or outside the eu the migration from eastern europe is good for our economy and would n't vary much if our policies were sane . 
  if it did it is worth noting that nato has not expanded its military apparatus east until very recently . 
  while poland and co were brought in there were no bases until recently . 
  i do n't think the promise was made but we avoided putting tanks in poland for a reason . 
  that does n't mean both sides have equally valid end goals . 
  from one perspective you can argue that both the west and russia want to enforce their geopolitical reality on eastern europe . 
  from the other perspective the desired geopolitical shape of one side is vastly superior for the nations in question than the other . 
  which is precisely why poland and the others charged into the western camp . 
  every nation plays geopolitics in a pragmatic manner but that does n't remotely imply equality of the end goals . 
  both the mongol empire and the american revolution were based upon pragmatic geopolitics . 
  tbh i 'm happy for these people to keep calling it terrorism . 
  we seriously need to disarm that word and seeing people call children playing in the street , bad drivers and internet trolling `` terrorism '' is a very useful bit of nonsense . 
  next time a politician cries `` think of the terrorists '' it 'd be brilliant if people thought about those annoying kids rather than buildings falling down . 
  we might see some political resistance to nonsense then . 
  ok so their policy is in fact complete economic suicide then . 
  unless they are talking about a swiss deal where they in fact have eea but lets not call it that so we can get it past our voters . 
  the mistake is thinking the uk does n't benefit from immigration . 
  it does , massively . 
  the reason it is controversial is because the areas that benefit from immigration are generally well off and conservative ones . 
  whereas the areas that suffer are deprived and left leaning . 
  so the potential defenders of the migration are the ones who are losing it in the pocket . 
  the ones who are gaining are the kind who could afford to lose money and are more predisposed to britcentrism anyway . 
  the country will simply be ungovernable in a few years if change does n't happen . 
  even if strong majorities are still possible because of the system , we 'll see wild swings as ukip , ld or whatever become the tie breaker of this parliament . 
  ukips popularity will die as quickly as it surged if they form a coalition with the tories ( which is what has killed the lds ) . 
  continuity will be completely impossible . 
  we 'll see one government sign up for the eu social charter for the next to pull out . 
  we 'll see a government start a giant it project only for the next to scrap it and then replace it with their own doomed to fail project . 
  all through this the spectre of snp , a potential pc surge and worse is all on the books . 
  while the uk meanders between ineffectual governments ( and governments with 0 continuity are completely ineffective ) nothing is off the table . 
  we are seeing the political stability of big tent parties crumble under their feet and fptp wo n't protect them anymore . 
  even labour are one big character away from being massacred in wales . 
  all it would take for them to lose wales as they have scotland is a farage or salmond among pc . 
  it has to become a more proportional system because it will manage the public mood swings .
