  i 'm pretty sure i could get my dog on a local council . 
  i do n't even have a dog . 
  that is how easy it is . 
  iirc if nobody claims her within a week she is . 
  yeah it is just a bunch of words that could be discarded . 
   the uk are traditionally named as the worst violators . 
  russia 's still feeling a bit inadequate after their failings in the great game . 
  it seems to have a healthy dislike of the uk . 
  wales has n't always been under english control . 
  at least legally . 
  a lot of the history is a bit vague after the roman empire left . 
  however saxon incursions into britain clearly continued . 
  the roman britons were pushed into a few areas ( cornwall , wales and at first north england ) . 
  the north of england ended up a fighting ground between vikings and saxons and ended up fully under saxon control . 
  cornwall ended up falling to the saxons relatively late . 
  the saxons never managed to take control of wales . 
  the situation was more like modern day gaza strip . 
  then the normans invaded and overthrew the saxons . 
  they pushed a lot of celtic myth into the english consciousness to delegitimise the old system . 
  particularly they pushed the story of king arthur ( who at this point was a legend in welsh and cornish culture ) as the legitimate leader of roman britain . 
  a title they of course now claimed . 
  wales was under defacto control of the normans for most of this period with greater or lesser focus . 
  it still looks a lot like an occupation rather than proper integration though . 
  proper legal unification came with the tudors . 
  the houses of wales recognised henry tudor ( who 's line could be tracked to one of the big welsh families ) as prince of wales and king of the britons . 
  this formally ended any legal distinction between the kingdom of england and the old roman briton system . 
  henry viii passed the act of union for wales and the systems were unified . 
  as for the whole backstabbing thing . 
  many welsh rebellions looked like their might succeed . 
  wales has a surplus of walder frey 's . 
  there was always somebody who could be paid off to abandon the rebellion . 
  arguably the recognition of henry tudor was tenuous and only done because the welsh lords saw profit in it . 
  in wales we modify this plan by urging our neighbours to war and then leaving them to their fate as the english pour in . 
  this model was of course completely sustainable . 
  i can not pick up a crown from the gutter . 
  the serbian eagles got mouth cancer . 
  my thoughts are with serbia in this dark time . 
  i 'll only vote to create the doop if we all get velour uniforms . 
  russia had supported me for 65 years . 
  my stalwart ally had been there when i took german clay back from denmark . 
  it was there when i annexed the obviously german dutch . 
  russians marched in lock step with my men as we invaded flanders . 
  they backed me in my conflict with the habsburg and finally when france was put in its place . 
  when all the enemies of greater germany were finally defeated only one problem remained . 
  that bloody bulge in poland !, 
  gib clay russia !, 
  i want to keep my kebabs !, 
  i do n't think we 're pro-palestinian as much as anti-mossad assassinating people using our passports as a disguise . 
  america is pretty bad at hiding its crazies . 
  that does n't help it . 
  why are n't we good enough for the other 3 % ? 
  racist johnny foreigner !, 
  i was n't serious . 
  it even makes time slow down once you reach 100 cups . 
  2.4 cups a day ? 
  amateurs !, 
  i drink that by 10am . 
  i have a problem ... 
  i have ran out of coffee !, 
  that and the fact the f-35 is flummoxed by clouds . 
  to be fair we kind of gave belgium an empire to stop france from having it . 
  nah it is impossible . 
  i stared at an empty patch of ground for 5 minutes and no trees appeared . 
  via the power of extrapolation it is obvious that growing trees is not something that can be done . 
  obviously by invoking our misconceptions about ` murica !, 
   thank you germany for invading and stealing fertile danish land schleswig-holstein was obviously german . 
  i mean look at the name . 
  as german as the elsass or lothringen !, 
  yeah i think involving ourselves in mali would have made sense . 
  there is an established government asking for help that could sustain itself if the threat was neutralised . 
  we have the ethical , legal and practical tick boxes in place to deal with it . 
  syria never made any sense to me . 
  it is pretty even between uk and french military spending . 
  some times they are higher , some times we are . 
  the uk is elysium . 
  you have to become a citizen to get treated , by your own doctors . 
  it is a slur . 
  russia does n't tell people either . 
  you must guess . 
  do not get it wrong !, 
  i 'm not the one saying one works hard the the other . 
  i did n't say let the retired starve . 
  i said reform pensions which is n't the same thing . 
  the only way to deal with demographic issues is to actually turn the pension into a savings system rather than one coming out of the state pot . 
  that will scale with population properly . 
  i think they know the uk will block it and it will give them a wonderful fight to boost their ratings at home . 
  if it came to pass honestly we should just ignore it . 
  the intent is just so dishonest that it does undermine faith in the whole operation . 
  i 'm not prepared to actually leave though . 
  just ignore it and let them try to enforce a silly rule designed to punish a nation . 
  well they are pretty much . 
  productivity is pretty much gdp/sum of all man hours . 
  if you have higher productivity then either your hours must be lower or your gdp higher . 
  what usually happens is different forms of measurement get used for hours worked as were used to calculate productivity . 
  of course our spending on welfare is growing faster . 
  a lot of eu nations have faced the oncoming demographic crisis with `` nananana we 're not listening '' . 
  whereas the uk went down the path of cutting the wage link under thatcher . 
  this meant that while the nations ignoring the crisis thundered on into oblivion we had some slight breathing space . 
  now sadly we 've restored the wage link without reforming pensions . 
  this is causing our benefits costs to skyrocket .
