  france and belgium were far , far more brutal than britain . 
  the british empire just gets the most criticism because it was the largest . 
  france has a much higher unemployment rate than the uk and germany . 
  what do you think all these german reforms they like to talk about right now were about ? 
  no dealing with inequality is beneficial to all eu nations . 
  nobody sane can tell me europe would have been better off leaving ireland pick itself off the ground . 
  cap is a very questionable policy . 
  the truth is we should just get rid of it . 
  it raises the cost of european food purchases . 
  it harms developing nations outside europe . 
  it causes a weird transfer from some eu nations to others . 
  short of getting rid of the pointless white elephant i 'll take minimising the harm it causes to non-agricultural nation . 
  britain was the driving force in abolition of the slave trade as well . 
  people forget that part . 
  waging a unilateral war on the slave trade in the atlantic . 
  paying the equivalent of $ 200b to buy out every slave in the empire and release them . 
  nearly every treaty we signed with europe at that time included a proviso to abolish slavery in that nation . 
  yes we , like every other power up to that point , took part in the slave trade and it was a crime . 
  however we have the distinction of being the power that put an end to it . 
  for comparison britain abolished slavery and declared war on it in 1706 . 
  france abolished slavery in 1794 and brought it back a few years later . 
  it was n't until relations between britain and france thawed that france abolished it permanently . 
  it was a critical requirement of being british allies . 
  you realise that cleese satirised that attitude because it was out of date ? 
  in the 70s . 
  for the last 40 + years people with those attitudes have been treated with ridicule in the uk . 
  every nation in the eu is calling for the end of dirigisme , not just the uk . 
  france very much is the odd one out in the eu . 
  20 years ago it was true that france was closer to the norm . 
  the rebate should be made universal . 
  all the nations screwed by cap should get rebates and a number of them do iirc . 
  france 's net spend is about the same as the uk . 
  this was the whole point of the rebate . 
  britain and france should make similar net contributions . 
  the rebate mechanism just needs to be applied to everyone . 
  so that net contribution is tied to wealth , not to market structure . 
  the commonwealth has so many deals with the us handing over trade sovereignty that a return is completely impossible . 
  essentially the us already has the relationship with these nations that a few in the uk dream about . 
  i doubt australia is going to reverse its trade association with the us to join a commonwealth customs union . 
  there is also the fact that an organisation of britain , australia , nz and canada still is n't really much larger than the uk itself . 
  the commonwealth was a lame duck the moment we screwed up the independence of india . 
  i do n't see how data protection applies here . 
  cctv on public transport is adequate , relevant and not excessive . 
  if they start processing the recorded material to customise marketing then they have a breach of data protection laws . 
  i worked out the old man was father christmas when i was 2 . 
  lazy git only delivered to our house . 
  the next year i shared my discovery with my 1 year old brother . 
  if the eu ever gets the power of the purse it will happen . 
  while the eu can not raise taxes and allocate spending it wo n't . 
  the interesting interpretation of the commerce clause would never have happened if the us federal government could n't raise taxes . 
  those issues are n't important to most people . 
  same as the european question . 
  the reason that stuff gets focused on is those groups are the easiest to mobilise in elections . 
  mainly because they all read the sun . 
  america is pushing hardest for eu military integration . 
  they want europe to take over more of the stuff in north africa and the middle east . 
  the us wants to swing its attention to the pacific while we police our local area . 
  is n't that europe selection just the habsburg empire ? 
  in wales we are still waiting for the return of the romans . 
  we are ready to turn on these germanic bastards the moment the legions turn up !, 
  any moment now ... 
  switzerland has that annoying jutty out bit into france . 
  surely something can be done . 
  england was n't part of normandy . 
  the duchy of normandy and kingdom of england were held under personal union by the same bloke . 
  same way the king of britain was king of hanover before victoria but they were never the same entity . 
  hell the americans were torn on the falklands . 
  tt was only when it became clear that thatcher would put the transatlantic alliance at risk for the falklands that the us backed our side . 
  the us wants eu integration more than europeans want it . 
  where this fantasy of the us being afraid of a european superstate comes from is beyond me . 
  the current us objectives in this regard are to see continued eu expansion ( into both eastern europe and turkey ) and to see an integrated eu defence capability . 
  they wrote a cartoon to teach us soldiers how to clean the m-16 in vietnam . 
  the process was so complicated they had to gamify it to get them to learn . 
  cleaning the ak-47 involved pulling the slider on the chamber and checking there were no obstructions . 
  then there is the fact that ak-47 rounds would go straight through trees while m-16 rounds did n't . 
  also the fact that in the knife fight range much of the fighting happened in you could bludgeon a man with an ak . 
  an m-16 would snap if you hit a man with it because it is made of plastic . 
  otoh in lab conditions the m-16 had a tighter spray than the ak-47 . 
  it is worth noting that this is when fascism was still seen as the antidote to communism . 
  we were all complicit in this bullshit . 
  judges will generally make that decision in the case in the uk . 
  they have more leeway to address the case than in the us . 
  it is n't about losing . 
  a judge can force one party to pay the costs of the other party . 
  it can happen even if you win . 
  there was a case a while back where somebody sued a company ( valeting i think ) for damage to their car . 
  the company offered a settlement and the owner refused . 
  the owner won the case but got awarded less than the offered settlement . 
  the judge forced him to pay the costs of the other party because a reasonable attempt at correcting the situation was made . 
  it is all about whether a case is necessary at all . 
  normally the losing side will pay . 
  sometimes a judge will decide that a case was reasonable on both sides and not force one side to pay for the other . 
  in a few cases the winning party will be forced to pay if the judge feels that the case was completely unnecessary ( i.e. 
  they 'd already been given a fair compromise ) . 
  this is n't a product from another country . 
  this is a service provided in austria by an austrian company . 
  the problem here is jurisdiction . 
  we are n't even talking about whether the case is sensible or not ( it is n't , in fact she is lucky she is n't in prison for what she did ) . 
  a lot of those types have gone bankrupt in the uk . 
  we 've talked about making it more difficult for them to operate .
