  despite massive popularity that deserves to be recognised . 
  the democratic process wo n't work while fptp keeps the major players in power . 
  the only time in history there have been changes on the order needed is when the working class were given the vote . 
  it is nothing to do with being in the minority view . 
  80 % of the public support nationalisation of the rail system and that is n't happening . 
  every single major party is backing this . 
  consensus should be considered treason . 
  the european law only exists because blair forced it into the last set of treaty changes . 
  the idea of the institution is to allow nations to veto action that might bring great powers into conflict and create a new world war . 
  the fact that russia and china have turned the system into a mockery with the perma-veto does n't change this . 
  permanent membership exists to stop ww3 . 
  it is openly a forum which allows the unsc 5 to put itself above everyone else . 
  i do n't get where people think the unsc is some kind of grand institution . 
  it was always institutionalised real politik . 
  banks will pay for it by decreasing capital adequacy and increasing their overall degree of leverage . 
  surely this will do only good things for the economy . 
  this is the natural result of decades of decrying everything we do n't like as nazism . 
  you now have putin using it to defend fascism from liberalism . 
  canada is finally relevant . 
  does that make us too french ? 
  i 'm already stocking up on pure water and bottle caps for the day the federalists win . 
  putin has a star named after him now . 
  the best solution to the problem is to just get yourself added to all the lists as a point of principle . 
  increasing the noise is a much better solution to the problem . 
  i seriously doubt that is the outcome . 
  looking at the history it seems completely unlikely that we would win the war without treating with a vast quantity of the desires of the colonies . 
  in short i think a british empire that contains the us colonies only works if it federalises . 
  so that a leaner imperial body , with members from all constituent countries , rules the empire with the uk parliament reduced to domestic issues . 
  i can not foresee a circumstance in which this empowers the monarch . 
  i also can not see a circumstance in which parliament acquiesces to this necessity which makes it moot . 
  turkeys , particularly political turkeys , do not vote for christmas . 
   they were taxed like crazy , actually taxes were pretty much zero . 
  the conflict was about how to get the colonies to pay some small section of the cost needed to protect them from france and the natives . 
  they were n't being taxed into the ground . 
  the colonial position was that the only acceptable tax rate was 0 % . 
   oppressed , abused ect . 
  there is no question that the relationship became abusive towards the end . 
  the intolerable acts earned their name . 
  a complete economic and political blockade and direct military governorship of boston and massachusetts is extreme . 
  even in response to ruining tea . 
  if we had won the us would have had lots of company tea . 
  some kind of colonial utopia , at least as far as such words can go together . 
  equally good at going backwards and forwards . 
  britain was also a democracy for centuries . 
  ukraine really needs some kind of marshall plan policy . 
  sadly there seems to be no will for this right now . 
  i 'm sure the us wants to abandon its position as foremost ally to every relevant rich country in existence . 
  it is easier to move pawns with negotiation . 
  men like yourself deserve to drown in the freedom to come !, 
  in some countries . 
  actually it would be interesting if a girl could sue her ex in another country because the pictures are available there . 
  those sharp towers are definitely not icbms we 've carefully disguised . 
  i 'm not sure why anyone might think otherwise . 
  russia does n't seem to get that their repeated trade bans and gas price fiddling is precisely why these countries hate them and want to be rid of them . 
  why has n't anyone posted these yet ? 
  i think for as long as people do n't take the piss . 
  for the most part people are pretty responsible about it . 
  i have a single pint on a friday but it is a good 2-3 hours before i 'm actually back on the road . 
  i agree i 'd prefer to not have bans on stuff that is completely harmless . 
  i 'm just pointing out the context of why the echr found in favour of france while it would probably find against the uk . 
  that has been the russia policy for about 400 years at this point . 
  france has a history of banning this stuff though . 
  they 've long had an ultra-secular culture . 
  if christians were wearing full head gear they would ban that too . 
  china has yet to realise that the netherlands : 1 . 
  exists . 
  was partitioned . 
  no we can not tolerate the combined footballing prowess of the netherlands and flanders . 
  belgium is vital for the interests of insulting france , germany and the netherlands simultaneously . 
  fuck all of you !, 
  signed the british empire !, 
  germany makes tactical ploy of moving the fixture to the ardennes . 
  this is precisely why it wo n't and should n't be allowed . 
  there is a difference between making an exception to pick on islam and enforcing a law that applies to all . 
  france has the latter . 
  in the uk we have people who want freedom except for muslims . 
  paypal have not been getting my custom for years in return . 
  in the uk they 'd be encouraged to pursue their beliefs in such a way as to imply that they are in fact loopy . 
  i still have n't played it yet . 
  i 've owned it for some time but i never finished the first . 
  so i parked it after the gratuitous opening scene with triss because they talked about some conflict i was oblivious to ( bloody bed talk with sorceresses always ends up in trouble ) . 
  there are n't going to be any real sanctions . 
  there is no movement on sanctions . 
  the eu is in no position to do anything and russia knows it . 
  what there has been movement on is a general restart of the cold war . 
  that actually frightens russia more than sanctions . 
  in a short space of time there have been a lot of strategic moves to enable europe to cast off russia should we need to . 
  to be fair anything in black and white looks depressing . 
  scottish bank notes never had any real standing anyway . 
  the deal was that england would n't stop them from printing them . 
  however anyone can reject scottish notes at any point . 
  in the uk we have a revolution . 
  then we invite a new monarch in as long as he understands that everything the revolution was over is still happening . 
  i 'd give france and belgium to the uk . 
  split spain into its constituent parts . 
  give the south of italy to aragon . 
  split the north of italy in 3 . 
  give rome to saudi arabia . 
  netherlands goes to germany . 
  germany also acquires czech republic and austria .
