  the uk would be fine with stimulus in the eurozone . 
  it is a prisoners dilemma . 
  we 'd get to benefit from your stimulus while we cut our budget . 
  the best thing for the economy as a whole is universal stimulus . 
  however the best thing for britain ( and every other nation ) is stimulus everywhere else so we can free ride on your sacrifices . 
  the whole situation in the eurozone right now is very much the style of `` beggar thy neighbour '' politics we saw in historic times . 
  everyone is running austerity because nobody wants to be the sucker who is n't free riding . 
  that is a quarter . 
  trimester only means three months when talking about a pregnancy . 
  it is similar to semester . 
  a semester is a division of two . 
  a trimester is a division of three . 
  i 've never heard it applied to other periods . 
  well their policy seems to be driven by the deadlines on patent expiration . 
  it takes longer than patents last to judge the long term safety of these organisms * . 
  the us position seems to be that they ca n't make money from it if we do n't allow it now . 
  therefore it must be safe . 
  * and the concerns are n't all about the gm part . 
  these are plants optimised for a particular behaviour . 
  we have to be certain that the behaviour itself does n't lead to problems . 
  those crops might be a problem even if you could produce them without gm, 
  they are n't telling us to do anything . 
  they just are n't giving cameron the political room to wriggle out of it . 
  brown managed to invent a reason to dodge a referendum . 
  this issue will come again and again until there is a clear cut event which will allow the politicians to put it to bed . 
  the annan plan was basically a reversion to the old lon system . 
  it was n't a sensible way forward . 
  the us has a strange position on gmo . 
  it 'll take centuries to properly understand the whole picture and sane nations want to take it slowly . 
  there is no discrimination here . 
  eu companies are not allowed to sell half tested gmo either . 
  i think both sides in cyprus want reunification . 
  the only problem is turkey insist on maintaining the anachronism created by the league of nations . 
  they want a restoration of the tripartite system in full knowledge that britain certainly is n't in a position to enforce our end . 
  the situation in cyprus needs to evolve . 
  using the eu defence system as its guarantor seems ideal but turkey are n't enthusiastic about it while they are outside the eu . 
  tbh i think they just want to force cameron to go along with the referendum . 
  if they give him an excuse to back out then it just keeps the argument going . 
  whereas if there is a vote and the pro-eu side wins it will kill euroscepticism as a political force for decades . 
  both labour and the tories will have all the justification they need to kill the eurosceptic camps in their parties . 
  also we will see more and more of the media swing to a pro-eu position as money pours in . 
  there is a lot of convenient scepticism where people take the story winning position because we 'll `` never leave the eu '' . 
  as the assumption behind it is invalidated we 'll see big media owners adjust what they are reporting . 
  it is a high stakes game but it is better this question is dealt with rather than palmed off with another bout of political trickery . 
  the eu is n't a federation because member nations have the right to leave it . 
  a federation is an indivisible nation with devolved powers . 
  if an area would n't qualify under the uns territorial integrity rule then it ca n't really be a federation . 
  for instance if the eu was a federation then it could form an army and invade the uk legally under un laws should we vote to leave . 
  a confederation maybe . 
  the eu is approaching that but still has enough missing pieces to not quite be considered one . 
  have to look to do some later . 
  for disclosure i do have a mod which reduces my infamy slightly faster than standard . 
  probably could n't have trampled over the hre so quickly without it . 
  i 've just formed germany on my prussian/brandenburg play through ( had to wait for those op military reforms first ) . 
  it was so much fun having cores on a billion former hre territories . 
  of course my germany stretches from jerusalem to novgorod . 
  from stockholm * all the way down to switzerland . 
  once i 've cleaned up the rest of the ex-hre i think i 'm going to push down to mecca . 
  * prussia can into nordic and so can germany . 
  estland is finally of nordic . 
  we imported vast quantities of goods from the empire . 
  though undoubtedly it was n't as prominent as it is today . 
  the uk has had a trade deficit for pretty much two centuries . 
  if it was going to kill us it would have already done so . 
  yeah we 've been weakening the pound precisely to create a transition away from such dependency on the financial markets . 
  the incredible part is more that london has held so much of the market rather than it might now drop a bit . 
  all this would have done is create 4/5 new germanys . 
  better to keep it in one place where we can keep an eye on it . 
  what is the balance of power between the oligarchs and the middle classes ? 
  change comes when more money sits in the hand of the latter than the former . 
  i think it is fair to say russia can not be simultaneously rich and authoritarian . 
  it is arguable italy can manage theirs . 
  as long as their citizens keep buying the states debt there is n't really and end point at which they can go no further . 
  you are always able to get out of trouble without pissing off foreign investors which is why italy is n't going through quite the same process as greece . 
  of course it would be better for them to reduce it . 
  you have to be fair it is n't looking good . 
  everyone said nothing had been fixed last time and that remains the case . 
  we do n't have either a transfer union or a eurozone that is economically in sync . 
  the problems will return until we do . 
  though it may well be the case that the troika can patch it up and pass the problem onto their grandkids at great expense . 
  this is the problem with systematic transitions into a surname system . 
  everything looks the same . 
  should be like wales where we made it up where we went along . 
  we had three different systems for the transition . 
  everyone still ended up being called jones . 
  bavaria and austria have been allies for 200 years in my brandenburg -  prussia game . 
  made worse because bavaria keeps getting elected and austria has about 40 regiments too many for a nation its size . 
  of course now austria is the major partner in a personal union with france . 
  fun times !, 
  would be jones . 
  wales once had 9 players called jones in a match day 22 in rugby . 
  10 if you count wyn-jones as being a jones . 
  jon was a busy man . 
  hey we have prussians on our side . 
  easy !, 
  they hate you because the ussr is firmly in the past . 
  this means a small nation with an average height of -100 m is more important than russia . 
  yes in other words they are saying the policy is barmy . 
  it was prominent during the early debate though . 
  actually austerity was claimed to increase gdp .
