  germany have been using political pressure to keep it well below that . 
  right now the ecb is effectively not quite in breach of law , it has room to drop to 1 % , but is n't upholding its legal duties either . 
  it is one thing to have wiggle room for unforeseen circumstances . 
  it is quite another to be intentionally hitting the fringe of your wiggle room and ignoring the core aim of the policy . 
  the problem is every country has stalled something . 
  sometimes a country has dodged something which would have ruined it . 
  british opt out of the euro being the obvious example . 
  the us is vastly richer per person than europe . 
  even germany . 
  actually it just needs to stop pushing for the ecb to ignore its treaty mandate to target inflation at 2 % . 
  that would be a start . 
  it is n't enough but it is a start . 
  germany was never # 1 in word exports . 
  japan and us were both above it . 
  germany is doing far more exporting now than it was then . 
  previously luxury models have now become common as mud because of the euro being under priced for the german economy . 
  you 'd get rid of vetoes on all areas ? 
  even treaty reform ? 
  not only do we spy on america but the american government actually wants us to . 
  nobody wants to embarrass us by pointing out that swedish people are probably better at english . 
  the difference is france has a culture of conformity with french . 
  whereas english is pretty much a laissez faire language . 
  it seems a great source of illiteracy ( that sadly i 'm also part of ) . 
  in the past we recorded who could read and write . 
  i think that 20 % bilingualism in the future will be looked upon roughly how 20 % literacy would be looked upon today . 
  twenty years seems about right if ireland is used as the model . 
  admittedly poland is much larger than ireland . 
   now , when we have it on paper that they were right , people are still denying it . 
  my favourite one is when people tell me that it was the uk and us that collapsed the world economy therefore the euro is fine . 
  if i push a man over and all his bones break does that mean his bones are fine if i do n't push him over ? 
  no he obviously had some kind of brittle bone issue to react in such a way . 
  that is n't to say the push is not a crime but lets not pretend an unstable situation is fine provided you do n't push it . 
  no signal . 
  only politiburo . 
  yes mitterand thought he was tying the entire union together permanently . 
  then we demanded an opt out when it was clear that the whole thing was going to work in an arse backwards way . 
  well a currency , any currency , can be badly managed . 
  the uk is afloat now only because we have sterling . 
  if we had been part of the eurozone when all this happened i think there 'd be armies marching in europe right now . 
  the mess would be that big . 
  well germany is n't helping but the construction of the eurozone does n't demand that they help either . 
  all this comes about because of a french power politic play that has exploded . 
  france thought it was simultaneously ending dollar supremacy and tying germany to the eu forever . 
  in negotiations it was pretty blatant that those opposed put in restrictions that made the euro unworkable . 
  france , probably thinking this crisis would create the euro they wanted , accepted this compromise . 
  there are two aspects being conflated though . 
  half the problem is that greece is a mess and always has been . 
  this is a monumental opportunity for greece and the others to fix the problems they 've had for some time . 
  otoh there are structural problems with the euro and germany is pretty much openly exploiting them right now . 
  at the very least the ecb should be upholding its treaty obligations to get inflation up to 2 % . 
  right now it is pinning it down solely for the benefit of germany . 
  it is n't the whole solution but would help the weaker countries a lot . 
  the crazy thing about all this is the countries suffering are most in favour of the euro . 
  i do n't even get the perverse bdsm thing that is going on in the eurozone right now . 
  there 'll be migration always . 
  but it will slow down to a stable state . 
  eventually poland will reach a critical point where the costs of migrating are higher than the value . 
  at that point only people with very specific needs will move around in any number . 
  no you guys are too busy wrestling bears and conquering the siberia to run rallies like this . 
  in the uk it is normal to have plastic bags provided without cost . 
  or at least was until wales introduced a mandatory 5p charity charge on them . 
  it has been an astounding success in wales . 
  supermarkets have been reporting a 96 % decrease in bags handed out . 
  i really do n't quite understand why this is actually a debate in england at this point . 
  the success was so clear cut . 
  it is such an incredible waste of a dwindling resource to pump out disposable bags . 
  i 'd actually like to see it go further . 
  so much stuff is packaged in layers upon layers of pointless wrapping . 
  lets get packaging down to a bare minimum . 
  the uk would have surpassed the 2008 peak by now if we had n't gone for austerity . 
  honestly the section of our economy based around the financial sector is massively overplayed . 
  manufacturing actually pays more taxes than the financial sector . 
  also the creative industry is huge in the uk . 
  nice to see polska doing the business . 
  i keep telling people that the floods of migration are a temporary phenomenon and we 'll get stability long term . 
  this suggests it might happen quicker than we expect . 
  germany has no battleships . 
  no reason why they can not into belgium . 
  i question how the concept of super power is used here . 
  technically russia as it stands is not really any more powerful than france or britain . 
  diplomatic fallout aside britain or france could match the one real russia strength , sheer nuclear arsenal , very quickly . 
  when the ussr was a super power it had incredible trade firepower , a conventional military of eye boggling firepower and a huge nuclear arsenal . 
  all it really has left is the last bit . 
  a lot of this talk of out-manoeuvring is a manufactured story . 
  obama was derailed by the vote in the british parliament . 
  simply put if even we think intervention is a bad idea there must be something wrong . 
  that is the political argument obama would have to face . 
  really russia just offered obama an easy way to do what he wanted to do at that point . 
  crucially without the us losing face . 
  it was masterful but it does n't really say anything about russian power . 
  if our parliament had voted for intervention then right now we 'd be talking about the aftermath of syria . 
  likely what to do with assad being unseated as our intervention tipped the balance . 
  the talk of continuity is also absurd . 
  russia did n't seamlessly move from the ussr to russia . 
  it went to near collapse in the middle . 
  for over a decade we did n't know what was going to come out of the east . 
  the current debate about russian influence being pushed back to its border is telling . 
  russia is on the brink of losing ukraine . 
  if it was a super power the status of ukraine and moldova would not be in question . 
  if voters want to disarm the whips then they need to stop voting along party lines .
