  they were n't just an outlier , they used a completely different methodology and got it right . 
  the tories will likely lose every seat they gained in scotland next election . 
  they all snuck in on a split vote . 
  a lot of scots voted corbyn and if they had n't the snp would have won . 
  we 'll see a lot of tactical voting and that will evaporate . 
  based upon current polling a coalition on the left is entirely achievable . 
  if it was rerun today you 'd get labour numbers similar to the tory numbers and the lds alone would be enough to form government . 
  the unacceptable solution has the unfortunate problem of being the only thing that will work long term . 
  we need to dig up the south of england and drop it all north of scotland . 
  shitty tabloids use stone age measures when they want to put a big number down . 
  it is precisely punishment . 
  they are hoping they can make this painful enough to greece as a warning to the future . 
  it will not work . 
  indeed it will have near enough 0 impact on future behaviour of other nations . 
  the fact is the eurozone governments have an interest rate nearly utterly detached from the reality of their internal economy . 
  while that is the case there will always be a politician promising to borrow . 
  nothing has been done to correct this problem . 
  effectively all that has been done is fight the previous symptoms and hope that it is painful enough to encourage `` moral '' behaviour . 
  this is the primary reason why the eurozone is doomed to fail . 
  ordinary functions of correcting imbalances in a currency zone can not function due to political pressures . 
  none of this punishment will make a jot of difference in 5 years time where the next greece is faced with the potential of borrowing masses of cheap euros . 
  the reality is the eu decided to come back here again in 15 years time . 
  it was incredibly irresponsible . 
   it 's going worse than it had to . 
  it really is n't . 
  the government could have gone in prepared with all these red lines they 'd promised the public down in writing . 
  instead they 've gone in with a blank slate , essentially surrendering all points to the eu . 
  this is literally the best thing that could come out of brexit other than no brexit at all . 
  to be fair you can be opposed to oppression of citizens who see themselves as irish without wanting unification . 
  we need to put these people in charge of brexit . 
  i 'm not sure a grown up discussion is possible on ni . 
  most of britain is `` please ~ ~ take these irishmen from our nation ~ ~ vote to reunify with ireland if you want . 
  no pressure honestly '' . 
  the only party really confused about the desired future for ni is ni . 
  which is a touch problematic . 
  i suspect the fact these things are seen internationally these days is causing a revival . 
  i mean i immediately get what is going on in that cartoon but an international viewer might now know what the no 10 door or the orange uniform means . 
  the trend has been remain tory seats punishing them for the whole mess . 
  going labour even if they support leave . 
  they object to even the notion of being represented in london . 
  i guess we do n't really need abortion rights and freedom of religion in the uk anyway . 
  tory solution , no more votes !, 
  europe has destroyed so many tory governments . 
  it is unreal . 
  even when both major parties are offering to kill europe as an issue it has destroyed the tories . 
  they 've been annihilated in remain areas . 
  i do n't even . 
  canterbury was a massive leave area . 
  soft brexit is pretty much eea or similar . 
  staying in the single market effectively . 
  earth !, 
  earth !, 
  earth !, 
  working to rule is industrial action but i 've never seen it called striking . 
  if only there was a way to strike while still working . 
  are n't you pretty much a joke we played on the continent that became real for some reason ? 
  it is denmark . 
  disappointment is what they do . 
  everyone is known to authorities . 
  the problem with modern surveillance is not knowing the criminals . 
  it is not knowing the innocent . 
  while they routinely have too much interest in the innocent they 'll never catch the guilty despite `` knowing '' them . 
   can anybody explain the stance of labour on the single market and free movement of people ? 
  corbyn is going to leave europe entirely while not leaving it at all . 
  seems straight forward to me . 
  it is damned hard to argue that frail old people are robbing you blind without sounding heartless . 
  it is unfortunately the case that frail old people are robbing us blind . 
  it needs to be made clear that anyone under 40 is facing a double whammy of not having a state pension and not having a private pension because 8 % of their income ( currently , it will go up if the triple lock is maintained ) is going into other people 's retirement . 
  nothing says moral more than making workers earn less . 
  it is n't in their well being because a trade surplus pretty much means `` value the german workers created that they did n't receive above and beyond international norms '' . 
  it is pretty crude but you could read it as `` german capitalists rip off german workers 8 % more each year than international contemporaries '' . 
  that is money out of the pockets of german citizens , all so they can make the rest of europe a bit poorer trying to compete with them . 
   if everyone tries to win their small games we all win in the end that is a nonsense and one which potentially will devastate the eu . 
  right now the people primarily suffering this competition is eu v eu . 
  that will end up with a race to the bottom as eu workers make do with less . 
  that will weaken the internal market for a slightly better external market . 
  it is an insane understanding of how economies work . 
  i 'm still kind of bemused to see mercantilist thinking in the 21st century . 
   the countries with a common currency do n't need to have a stronger political union as long as they agree to a common basic fiscal targets like budget deficits . 
  anyone who substantially deviates from the common norm will suffer , like greece did this is n't practical . 
  you can draw a strong line like with greece all you want . 
  15 years from now a future government will still be looking at absurdly low interest rates for their nations fiscal reality . 
  a generation distant from the pain they 'll be faced with the choice of either borrowing more money or losing to opposition who 'll offer to borrow more money . 
  relying on good judgement in politics over any period larger than 5 years is a model for failure . 
  when the price is paid by your children you can guarantee that no penalty will ever stop misbehaviour . 
  the system must not assume this can work because it simply can not work . 
  if it is n't a fully fledged fiscal union it must be something else . 
  the `` adults operating honestly '' model has fallen to pieces . 
  what failed can not be expected to suddenly work . 
  on the contrary i think the outcome would be pretty much guaranteed when every single corporation funds the yes vote . 
  the support behind the no vote is touchy feely . 
  a lot of the support behind the yes vote is `` we make fucking money from this '' . 
  it is crude but the anti-eu voice will be drown with the spending of the pro-eu campaign . 
  they know this which is why they never push too hard to actually leave . 
  all of those secession movements are structured in view of the eu though . 
  both welsh and scottish secession movements have in mind the eu as a shield and community while they largely run their own affairs . 
  britain would have been another actor on the extreme end of the euro . 
  we 'd have added more pressure rather than less . 
  higher productivity aside the british fiscal discipline looks more like greece than germany . 
  if we had joined and not massively restructured our economy we would have destroyed the euro .
