  electing mps . 
  it has a side effect . 
  outright violation of the rights of the child in question . 
  society does . 
  it is n't anything to do with islam . 
  the west has a system whereby religions have to conform to the needs of society , not the other way around . 
  it would be unfortunate if some religions can not do this . 
  because there are a large number of circumcised , mainly american , men on reddit and they do n't debate this in a rational manner . 
  of course it 'll be allowed in the 1/1000000 cases with real medical reasons . 
  nearly every other major body says the aap is full of it . 
  even the ama has moderated its position in recent years and calls it controversial . 
  the truth is your medical associations have more or less fabricated the case for this for decades because you all do it . 
  when people started pushing this bullshit elsewhere the rest of the world started to call it out . 
  the aap wo n't recommend this in 25 years . 
  anyone who listens to them in the meantime is going to feel like an idiot . 
  your fas get their money from tax ? 
  the incredible thing about this risk the eurozone is taking is corrective action will be much more damaging than preventative action . 
  today all you need do is keep inflation high enough that investing in the actual economy is more valuable than sitting on worthless paper . 
  if it ever becomes economically viable to store money in your bed rather than in the market you 've already lost . 
  at that point deflation takes on a life of its own as more and more people withdraw and make mattresses out of their money . 
  the government does n't merely need to keep inflation up a bit . 
  they now need to print enough money to cover all the money that has become bedding and then more to restore inflation to a more sane level . 
  the problem is once you break the back of deflation you suddenly get people turning their mattresses into money again . 
  the flood of money the other direction causes higher inflation than was originally expected . 
  this creates conditions in which people want to retract again . 
  this brings about a cycle as government gets afraid to do the right thing . 
  the right thing being to keep inflation up until the spectre of deflation is utterly ruined . 
  by the time you 've done this there are no savings or monetary wealth left in the nation . 
  anyone who kept their mattress now has only a mattress . 
  it is much better to just keep inflation higher at the start . 
  everyone will suffer far more evenly from the prevention . 
  the cure will be ruinous . 
  russia was never that important anyway . 
  the ussr had 100m non-russians and ruled a region of far more economically valuable territory beyond the ussr itself . 
  the sol system . 
  are n't they legally required to restore and reseed the top soil once the mine is run dry ? 
  we have open casts in wales . 
  they are ugly as sin while they are running but once done the companies are legally contracted to make some kind of effort to restore the landscape . 
  we are already in the middle of the service and information revolution . 
  the truth is automation will never replace service . 
  nobody is going to prefer being served by a robot rather than a person in a restaurant . 
  to put it in the crudest sense , the waitress looks a lot more attractive than a robot to begin with . 
  what will happen is jobs that previously were n't needed at all will increasingly become the core of the economy . 
  we are already seeing it with the ever increasing amount of money spent on film , games and music . 
  this will expand in a more general sense . 
  more people will eat out . 
  more people will go to see films . 
  more people will buy games . 
  the rise of starbucks rather than just drinking instant coffee at home is another big sign . 
  the absolute biggest barrier to this world emerging are the social expectations of the pre-information society . 
  people see as unnecessary the things that will dominate the future economy . 
  as stuff becomes automated the ease of replacement will go down . 
  the owner of the ipod factory wo n't be poor but it certainly wo n't be worth all the money when automation is so cheap . 
  the structural deficit has been around 4 % . 
  i think the complaint is more that cuts have been made to things that matter . 
  the uk has done stimulus ( while pretending not to ) in an ideal manner . 
  we 've cut ongoing expenses and increased spending on capital projects . 
  we did n't cause the german and greater eurozone economy to stall with economic self flagellation . 
  i think the question certainly needs to be raised if successful members should be made to pay for economic self harm . 
   i guess that is what we deserve for ... keeping our finances in order ? 
  it is nothing to do with finances in order . 
  the contributions of growing economies is going up because other european nations crippled their economies with book balancing . 
  primarily the heart of this is even the german economy is starting to stall . 
  once austerity crumbles we 'll see the struggling economies rebound and their contributions will go up as a result . 
  it does raise an interesting question though , with economic illiteracy dominating the eurozone debate . 
  should successful economies be made to pay for open economic self harm ? 
  if you shoot yourself in the foot should somebody who has n't shot themselves be required to provide you with a new shoe ? 
  certainly with the german insistence on a 17 member economic suicide pack the question needs to answered who exactly should pay for the outcome . 
  while it is impressive the concorde cruises near its maximum speed . 
  it was a joke but does russia even have a jet that can exceed mach 2 as concorde does ? 
  we should refurbish the concordes and fly them over moscow . 
  there was no betting involved . 
  he could not lose with the erm . 
  it was an arbitrage market . 
  the current eu treaties obligate the rest of the eu to intervene . 
  the question would be if the us would join . 
  it hurts israel more than it hurts ireland . 
  yeah it is pretty pathetic . 
  israel of all people should know better . 
  their entire platform trivialises the real struggle of jewish people over the millennia . 
  historically european means celebrating saturnalia . 
  well we do n't want you in because your constitution was modelled on france . 
  france do n't want you in because your constitution was modelled on france . 
  if that lot were n't going to pay their taxes we certainly do n't want to pay theirs . 
  when i see one i always say `` how the fuck have i got this thing ? 
  a huge media swing . 
  happened the last time as well . 
  the out vote was favourite and then big business bought out the entire media . 
  the pro-european vote then trounced the sceptics . 
  same will happen again except this time the public opinion starts neck and neck . 
  would n't be surprised if by 2017 it is a 3:1 ratio . 
  yeah and the reason it is turning around is the press are suddenly realising `` oh shit they are actually going to have a vote on it ? '' . 
  i think with the current propaganda reversal and the demographics in question we 'll have a much more pro-european media going forward . 
  murdoch 's lot will be sceptical until the day he dies but the rest will realise that dead men do n't buy newspapers even if you support yesterdays politics . 
  yet britain buys resold russian gas . 
  if you have any other sources of gas coming in then basically it is impossible to say otherwise . 
  poland is n't selling ukraine russian gas . 
  it is selling ukraine the german gas . 
  poland is using the russian gas . 
  there is no way such a term could be implemented .
