  the argument would be being immune to britain 's geo-political mood swings . 
  tbh it has been pretty clear for some time that politically scotland is different to the uk . 
  this is likely the last straw and it is at a time where the economy is fucked no matter what happens . 
  i do n't think matters of degree of fucked will worry many people ( though it probably should ) . 
  ever closer union is just a phrase used in the preamble . 
  it does n't have any legal weight . 
  part of scotland 's deficit is stuff like the military though . 
  it is conceivable that scotland will go the way of ireland and reduce defence spending to 0.1 % or something . 
  it would probably immediately form a national bank of scotland on the basis of using 1:1 conversion between scottish pounds and boe pounds ( their banks already store boe notes to back the scottish notes ) . 
  from there they 'd transition to holding a basket of currencies . 
  pound heavy but also euros and dollars . 
  from there they 'd slowly move from `` backed by real currency '' to `` on trust of the institution of the scottish bank '' . 
  of course to do this they need an external trade surplus . 
  at least that is the easiest way to accumulate the foreign currency they need for reserves . 
  frankly i do n't think scotland will ever get a better chance . 
  the reality is : 1 . 
  the whole stability and eu access argument that was the centre piece of the stay campaign is torn to shreds . 
  the current situation can only lead to instability which undermines the trust in the entire uk institution . 
  the tories are in power and are more tory than ever . 
  the last lot were mild and still pissed off scots . 
  labour are a barely relevant force . 
  10 years from now the snp might not be as blessed with good leaders . 
  it sounds a lot like the idea that gay people choose to be gay . 
  the church will be on the wrong side of history again . 
  he 's a catholic . 
  the only way the catholic church could progress would be to have influence over fewer people . 
   but what will the world look like in 30 years time ? 
  probably much the same as it does now . 
  trade outside of blocks like the eu will remain a pantomine of stupidity . 
  we 'll just be further indulged in the mess . 
  3000 years of recorded history has n't altered the fact foreign relations is basically the wild west . 
  i doubt anything is going to change that now . 
  you do n't need to be a prophet to know shooting yourself in the head is probably a bad idea . 
  the house of saud won their little conflict . 
  it was either accept them or go to war again . 
  it was n't just given to them . 
  cheap money will inevitably be used . 
  the idea that you can ignore market forces by force of will is utterly insane . 
  if it happens again then greece and co will spend the money again . 
  if we had joined the euro in 2002 then 2008 would have led to either war or the collapse of the eu . 
  you are fortunate it was greece and not the uk who were on the wrong end of the eurozone crisis . 
   i am 90 % sure that this is just brinksmanship . 
  may needs the eu27 leaders to believe that we 're willing to walk away with no deal in place . 
  it is pretty rubbish brinksmanship . 
  the eu27 will be happy for may to walk away with no deal in place . 
  the people who need a deal is us . 
  there is no power of brinksmanship when you are the party that needs a favour . 
  it is being played up for domestic audiences . 
  the utter suicide of labour means that the tories can literally do whatever they want and not be punished for it in the short term . 
  in the long term all may is doing is what the voters have asked for . 
  if labour were n't such an utter shit show the tories would have had to think about surviving beyond 2020 but now they can just let shit run . 
  if the strikers get momentum here they should push beyond stopping the current measures . 
  the only way to actually defeat reactionary forces is to drive the line of debate further in your favour . 
  tbh i think there was real interest in ending the warring between them . 
  both sides realised every century or so that wars were expensive . 
  northern italy came under the hre . 
  a lot of the wealth came from that era . 
  hell you can see where the hre ended on wealth maps . 
  yeah the collapse of the wre released a great set of shackles from the economy of western europe . 
  well roman had always been an economic basket case but it was particularly so in the last 200 years or so of the wre . 
  it always amused me that the bishop of rome decided rome was not a necessary part of his role . 
  the autobahn was started by the previous administration . 
  rome had a specific form of depopulation . 
  they deported the conquered people and split them up over roman territory . 
  that way the culture faded into the general background of roman culture . 
  it is cultural cleansing but not genocide . 
  the interesting thing about the collapse of the persians to the muslims is the war they had just fought with the roman empire was during a time where the two empires had come very close to actually agreeing a marriage between the two thrones . 
  it was on the table before the war and on the table again after the war . 
  then the muslims invaded . 
  robespierre was unquestionably an ethical man who had a mental break down . 
  i mean he vanished into his bedroom for 3 months and came back with a plan to drown france in blood . 
  his actions before and after vanishing are those of a completely different man . 
  the huge correlation between people opposed to abortion and people who support the death penalty flies in the face of this . 
  this kind of `` rational '' anti-abortion stance is really a cover for the fact `` god said so '' would get laughed at . 
  how do you differentiate between three and free ? 
  there was never a british referendum on the cards over the constitution . 
  tony blair more or less chaired the body writing the eu constitution . 
  the recession is a combination of the factors . 
  you think russia would be hurting from the oil price drop so badly if they had unrestricted access to foreign credit markets ? 
  neither cause alone would cause russia these problems . 
   put it on an island and make it a fort . 
  i have an idea !, 
  oh wait ... nevermind, 
  you do n't resign from the paid positions . 
  yet the polling was still within a sd of the result . 
  the result was within the margin of error for polling . 
  every poll had it 50/50 . 
  it ended up 52/48 . 
  margin for error for polls is usually a sd of 3 % . 
  the tories will win the next election even if they publicly announced they were going to start ww3 right now . 
  the uk is currently a one party democracy . 
  yeah and it is n't comparable to showing family photos to friends . 
  the internet is accessible to work colleagues . 
  they obviously do n't understand british people . 
   polish people as a whole have an incredible work ethic no they do n't . 
  just that people who migrate pretty much self select the hardest working among a demographic . 
  germany never had excessive economic centralisation though . 
  partly a result of being a nation made of a thousand little nations . 
  germany only sane nation is another description for this article . 
  having an economy that is n't so centralised it threatens the integrity of the nation is a good thing .
