  it is better than it was 2 years ago though . 
  the most difficult part now is everyone can get to work . 
  they just wear unsuitable clothes . 
  i just saw a snowflake !, 
  better drive 30mph in the outside lane !, 
  as a brit i finally have something in common with the french !, 
  we have to get rid of our snow quickly !, 
  technically everyone in the uk is a eurosceptic . 
  many of us just do n't want to leave the eu . 
  it is a problem because germany blatantly does n't agree with a lot of the political direction the french are pushing . 
  essentially to keep good relations the germans have bent over backwards for french proposals they do n't particularly like . 
  at the same time i agree that closed door policy making between france and germany is entirely not acceptable as a driving force for the eu in the future . 
  at the same time it wo n't last because the germans will increasingly become more likely to refuse as war guilt becomes less and less part of their culture . 
  the real challenge and interesting part for the eu is what happens when the last german who was raised by a ww2 survivor dies . 
  the eu needs to really resolve the questions facing it before that point . 
  inviting the commonwealth into the eu would signal a french exit . 
  it would basically flip the power axis completely on its head . 
  if we do it we should call it the european empire . 
  that would be a traditional name . 
  i hope not . 
  i 'm pro-european but right now the eu politically is already too far in advanced of where the eu is culturally . 
  really it needs to clean up the problems that exist today and avoid putting too much pressure on this divide . 
  it is worth noting that both the french and irish voted against the lisbon treaty . 
  hardly paragons of euroscepticism . 
  over reach can be as dangerous to the union as euroscepticism will ever be . 
  i suspect it 'll be simple majority . 
  it is n't remotely surprising . 
  i 've banged this drum pretty hard but nearly everyone who has money wants us in the eu . 
  euroscepticism is a quirk that can only exist when it is abundantly clear our membership is a hard fact . 
  when that fact is in danger the amount of money involved can easily buy a lot of newspapers . 
  happened at the last poll too . 
  everyone was predicting an out victory . 
  it ended up with a 2:1 vote in favour of staying in . 
  if cameron does offer a referendum i 'd expect a similar result . 
  a 27 % swing over two months is remarkable . 
  that weight of a propaganda machine is pretty much going to be running flat out for the however many years it 'll take to get a referendum . 
  as it is you 'll also get the normal `` status quo '' shift at referendum time . 
  where votes always add a huge extra swing to staying as things are . 
  i 'd be amazed if the vote is even close enough to call it a debate . 
  yeah it made no sense then and really makes no sense now . 
  it was frankly disastrous for europe that after defeating napoleon everyone looked at us and we sort of shrugged our shoulders and sailed off into the sun set . 
  it led to a century + of bullshit that ended with ww2 . 
  of course it is impossible to predict what the world would look like today if britain had tried to create a european alliance at that point . 
  hindsight and all that . 
  worse decisions have been made in history . 
  i 'd argue the economic growth caused by paying people a market wage and allowing the market to sort out where people are best placed will be far greater than the costs . 
  you only need a fraction of the population to go on to do something of greater value that make beds to generate enough money to pay for people to actually run these services . 
  as it stands it seems parliament can only really be used for vetoing legislation . 
  it is the exact opposite of the usual political arrangement . 
  if all you have is a limited veto then you do n't have access to the heart of politics . 
  political systems are usually structured around the primary democratic body being the driver of policy with vetos and checks further on in the system . 
  the eu system has the appointed body driving policy with the parliament vetoing . 
  the structure is fine for a trading block . 
  it is abhorrent for a wider political entity . 
  if the eu does implement the fiscal controls that have been talked about it is unthinkable that it can continue to operate in this way for long . 
  except it was because of the empire . 
  british imperial policy was to just keep europe from being conquered by a dictator and then ignore it as much as we can otherwise . 
  attitudes are in part a hold over from that time * . 
  germans and french think in terms of continental unity as they always have . 
  britain thinks in terms of balance of power as it always has . 
  it 'll take centuries to deal with bridging the gaps between these view points . 
  * note i 'm not saying we are pining for the empire . 
  i 'm saying an imperial era political mindset has become entrenched beyond its usefulness . 
  i propose we create a new astronomical unit of distance . 
  based upon the distance between dover and calais . 
  so essentially modern slavery . 
  i prefer the british system . 
  if we do n't have enough staff that reflects on the people who wo n't pay for the system . 
  civil service like this is just choosing to assault somebodies liberty because you wo n't pay higher taxes . 
  i do n't go for the us style crying freedom at every juncture but forcing someone to serve just so you can save a bit of cash is horrific imo . 
  i do n't think it is cheaper . 
  it does however mean your army is pretty much worthless . 
  the uk military throws a fit every time someone mentions a draft here . 
  you know you can pay people money to work as paramedics and care takers . 
  it is an insult to germans really . 
  having historically mistook belgium for germany several times . 
  for the most part it is about who has the right to tell people what to do . 
  people feel there needs to be a shared culture around political constructs . 
  i think for the most part the british public is inherently pragmatic and wo n't be swayed by such an argument . 
  however it is at the heart of euroscepticism . 
  the bureaucracy thing is just an excuse . 
  fundamentally the core of euroscepticism would have us out of the eu even if it was entirely damaging in raw material terms . 
  this is a matter of principle and emotion for them . 
  the argument comes back to material realities because the bulk of the uk population do n't want to decide our future on emotion and principle . 
  i do n't think so . 
  we are already seeing the polls swing as just about everyone in the country says what a bad idea leaving the eu . 
  the powerful interests in the uk remain firmly behind eu membership . 
  the in vote will win and that will be used to ignore euroscepticism for 30 years . 
  at which point the majority of sceptics will no longer be with us . 
  it really depends on if they are still on deployment . 
  in afghanistan and iraq the policy of having at least 50 % of the sas off deployment at any one time was broken . 
  so we 'd need to cut previous commitments to just about 0 before they could be deployed to mali . 
  that said they deployed to libya . 
  there does n't need to be a unsc authorisation for a defensive war . 
  it is in the un charter that nations can declare war in defence without un involvement . 
  there was a un mandate . 
  afghanistan was giving sanctuary to a mass murderer . 
  what did you want the us to do ? 
  ca n't be hard to beat vodafone . 
  if i get a 3g signal i wish i had a second phone to record this phenomenon with a photograph .
