  currently 0 % efficiency . 
  you 've literally just repeated my point . 
  even then electric cars can apply far more of that energy to the road than a petrol car ever could . 
  efficiency is something like twice as high and electrics can scale up to absurd power levels without failing . 
  if you could get enough battery power electrics would utterly invalidate petrol engines in race conditions . 
  where electrics are crap is the boring things like miles to the charge . 
  looking at your username . 
  i think i 'm in need of a nice chair before i start . 
  corbyn has about the same chance of leading the uk as i do . 
  for ints there is no difference . 
  the compiler will generate the same code here as the operations are idempotent ( assuming your compiler is n't shit ) . 
  if you have operator overloading then i + + might set off a nuclear strike on moscow . 
  this most certainly is not guaranteed to be idempotent ( who knows what a second nuclear strike on moscow might do ? 
  certainly not the same as the first ) so the compiler must keep two copies of i around ( the current and the next ) to do this . 
  whereas + + i does not necessitate an extra copy . 
  this frigate should be passed back and forth between france and the us . 
  with a period owned by germany in the middle . 
  this is just land that should be british anyway . 
  the entire low countries is basically a set of horcruxes created so europe might live forever . 
  yeah but that was bad italy . 
  not glorious puppet italy . 
  it is because you were `` neutral '' . 
  the simple physical realities of the situation meant that treatment of british and german pows shot down over ireland was unequal . 
  both were allowed effective freedom of ireland provided they pinky swore they would n't leave . 
  ireland just happens to have a land border with the uk . 
  though it was official government policy to send british pows back to ireland if they reported in at the north . 
  they had to arrange civilian transportation back to britain and report in there . 
  unlike germany you 've never ended a world war on the losing side . 
  lincolnshires are also very good . 
  they are the opposite ends of the sausage scale . 
  this is like saying `` blame the people who ignored the law that says you have to float over the sheet of lava on the ground '' . 
  it was utterly impossible for those nations to uphold the criteria in practice . 
  currencies need to be sound . 
  not made of glass with the instruction that you should n't throw stones . 
  ireland 's fundamentals were always good . 
  ireland only got in a mess because it immediately guaranteed 100 % insurance on deposits back when everyone was pretending this was not an end of days crisis . 
  banks took them up on it and before we knew what was happening ireland had a shed load of debt . 
   economists warned about the structural problems of the euro when it was proposed , but the politicians felt such a prestigious project had to be carried through . 
  economists correctly pointed out what would happen , with a strong north and a weak southern europe . 
  it is a touch more complicated . 
  those creating the euro knew it would cause these problems . 
  they believed that faced with the collapse of the euro we 'd get integration . 
  it is integrate or die and so far the eu has had difficulty weighing up those options . 
  particularly as it has become apparent that the intention was always to create facts on the ground to make eu integration irreversible . 
  the fact that it is irreversible has created the desire to reverse it . 
  all in all it is a big mess caused by politicians who had n't really thought through the consequences . 
  always so hard to get enough dragon meat . 
  a very dangerous assumption was made with the euro . 
  the idea that politics must give way to necessity . 
  we 've seen that necessity ends up giving way to politics the past 5/6 years . 
  yeah numbers are n't really relevant . 
  the germans have a million sausage variants and have n't managed to surpass a simple cumberland . 
  the point is the other political parties using the excuse of `` the constitution '' do have the power to change it . 
  change the constitution then . 
  it is an excuse . 
  since when has law ever been allowed to conflict with reality other than when one party desired the outcome ? 
  the law is a tool of the public , not the other way around . 
  the second option was becoming effectively an independent state within ukraine . 
  there was no status quo option that kept power in kiev . 
  to be fair it is entirely possible that result happened as the vote was effectively : 1 . 
  join russia . 
  become russian puppet . 
  the status quo was not on the ballot . 
  there was no option to remain part of ukraine . 
  the actual counting of the votes was utterly irrelevant . 
  the referendum was invalid at conception . 
  no there is no internal transfer to wales . 
  that is just welfare . 
  there is no correction designed to resolve economic depression . 
  there is only the fact depressed areas have higher welfare rates due to 50 % unemployment the government does nothing about . 
  a transfer is an intentional effort to correct the disparities in a nation . 
  welfare life support which nudges you an odd percentage point above the national per capita spending is not a transfer mechanism . 
  no i 'm saying that expecting westminster to cover eu funding projects was insane . 
  yet people promised it and people believed it . 
  there are no internal transfers . 
  the differences in regional spending are relatively small and mostly boil down to the cost of welfare in the various regions due to economic depression . 
  there are only three counter-examples : 1 . 
  scotland , given incredible funding due to endless secessionism . 
  northern ireland , bribed to stop killing each other ( and us ) . 
  london , because london . 
  the only distinctly wealthy region that gets funded per person like it is in dire poverty and depression . 
  i do n't think that was the plan . 
  these people honestly believe westminster is going to fund these projects . 
  people were looking for excuses for decisions they already made . 
  they were n't looking for challenges to the excuses because the excuses were nothing to do with their reasons for the vote . 
   perhaps we should focus on increasing taxation on the well off at home instead of blaming foreigners abroad . 
  to do that you need a supranational tax covenant . 
  we already only allow liberal nations into the eu . 
  nationalism wo n't be globalism . 
  people wo n't give up their iphones . 
  what nationalism might beat is the ability of governments to pool sovereignty to restrain global capitalism . 
  in this nationalism is the ally of unbridled globalism . 
  this looks like some confused union of germany and france . 
  russia probably threatened to spill the beans about how they got sochi in the first place . 
  the corrupt can not police the corrupt . 
   to single them out is ridiculous no it is n't . 
  nobody else has a system whereby the state is actively participating in the cheating . 
  there is a lot of cheating going on but most nations are not actively supporting it . 
   girls were n't allowed to wear trousers at my school until 2003 . 
  really ?
