  the party and its whips sell the candidate their brand to stick on their election campaign . 
  it is only because voters blindly follow party lines that whips have any power at all . 
  in the uk the whip is n't used for ideology either . 
  technically they are only supposed to enforce the whip on matters arising from the election manifesto the member ran against . 
   france 's charles de gaulle liked to grumble that america enjoyed an `` exorbitant privilege '' as holder of the world 's reserve currency , able to get away with economic murder . 
  now they have such a trophy themselves , only to discover what washington learned the hard way : it is an exorbitant burden , and at times a curse . 
  incredibly what de gaulle complained about was the ability of the us to just keep printing . 
  that because everyone had to buy dollars anyway it gave the us room to just make free money . 
  with china buying up every euro it can get its hands on we could have printed our way out of the eurozone crisis already . 
  all paid for by china 's attempt to fiddle its own currency downwards . 
  the only people who 'd actually pay for this policy would be china . 
  who find themselves effectively giving europe a lot of money while the exchange rate remains unmoved . 
  instead europe has its powerful tool and sits on it while rome is burning . 
  all based upon economics that were discredited long before economics was even an organised field of study . 
  free trade deals are usually universally great . 
  provided care is taken so you do n't end up with unaccountable stateless merchants . 
   and just because i feel like i 'm being spoken down to a bit here that was n't my intention . 
  apologies if it came off that way . 
  tbh the gap between a ceremonial and not monarch is very much a cultural construction . 
  there is no such thing as `` no power '' so you could argue ceremonial monarchies are not a thing that could exist in an absolute sense . 
  certainly a public used to stronger monarchies would call the uk one ceremonial because its real powers are effectively limited to fiddling to enrich itself in petty ways . 
  taking care of ourselves is not the same thing as the situation being as good as it is now . 
  outside the eu unemployment would be higher and standards of living lower . 
  it would n't ruin the country but it would n't be beneficial either . 
  it is particularly problematic that the noises from our external trading partners are that they see the uks primary value being as an eu member . 
  australian and us businesses want the uk as an access point to the market . 
  there is no good reason to believe we would gain more trade from these places if we left . 
  whips are an informal tool though . 
  an mp can ignore a whip without penalty from the state . 
  the party is the one that dishes out the penalties . 
  tbh i 'm opposed to any kind of secret dealings with parliament . 
  it is barely tolerable that executive bodies meet in secret but parliaments must always be exposed to the public glare . 
  well it has been a different set of businesses telling lies about the eu for 30 years without pause . 
  it wo n't kick off until after the election . 
  right now we do n't properly know who will even be in power when the campaign starts . 
  cameron or miliband could conceivably be gone . 
  hell both could conceivably be gone . 
  the only fixed point in the whole debate right now is farage and ukip . 
  when they fail to make any gains in the next ge it will change the whole outlook of the debate . 
  the question is will cameron or one of his much more eurosceptic colleagues lead the tory party . 
  the other question is if historic labour scepticism really is dead . 
  after the election and the inevitable falling on swords of various leaders we 'll see where the political landscape lies . 
  it is possible a tory hard liner might be able to take control of their party . 
  that could turn it into a straight government v opposition debate , assuming labour offer a referendum . 
  constitutional monarchy can be a ceremonial one . 
  all it really means is the king has limits on his powers . 
  certainly i do n't think fiddling to protect his latest line of quack products from the tax man and from good sense is something the uk public expect to be within the power of the monarch . 
   on saturday , a storm of only a slightly weaker strength hits wales ... media does n't care ... 
  ordinary day in wales . 
  the deals norway and switzerland have were advocated primarily by us . 
  we ca n't advocate for such relationships when we are the ones leaving . 
  the most likely result of us leaving is more that the eu will eventually have a look at the relationship with norway and switzerland again at some point . 
   single market for services fwiw if cameron 's great renegotiation does n't include a push for this there is something wrong . 
  there is no good reason we do n't have a common service market . 
  it seems pretty lopsided that we have common export and agricultural markets but when something might benefit the uk it gets held up in decades of political bullshit . 
  paedophile witch hunts know no racial boundaries in the uk . 
  republicanism does n't require that there is democracy . 
  yes the constitution really needs charles interfering in law to protect his income stream . 
  i 'm so glad we have given the royals power to protect the duchy of cornwall from the tax man . 
  society would literally collapse without it . 
  regardless when people want to answer the question of why the nhs wastes money on homoeopathy the answer is constitutional monarchy . 
  the fact that the duchy is a leading supplier of quack therapies in the uk . 
  drink beer . 
  problem goes away . 
  i do n't think so . 
  we need to advertise more forcefully that some of these countries are basketcases and sane people should take precautions to avoid them . 
  that implies in part a responsibility on people to avoid travel through them . 
  there are n't camps . 
  the german position fundamentally can not work universally . 
  not every nation can have a trade surplus . 
  this is simple mathematics . 
  therefore if everyone starts cutting wages all you end up with is a wage cut for everyone . 
  though it is getting to the stage where people need to stop acting moderately . 
  at some point greece , spain , italy and co will actually be forced to do what germany are asking . 
  the biggest losers will be germany . 
  you 'll get a domino effect as every nation is forced to pursue mindless internal devaluation with the only end result being internal devaluation . 
  nobody is trying to make it do less for more money . 
  what people are saying is germany should allow its wages to increase so that its middle class is wealthier . 
  this in turn would create opportunities for others , in germany and abroad , to sell stuff . 
  china are also doing this . 
  it is quite incredible that a developing economy like china recognises the need for this and an economy like germany does not . 
  economy is a balance of supply and demand . 
  germany and jumping up and down on one side of the see-saw and demanding that others join them on that side . 
  tbh i 'm surprised this is so controversial . 
  the german public would be much wealthier from such a move . 
  their mighty trade balance figures would come down but it would result in big increases in the standard of living for germans while also helping greece . 
  the whole thing is only dire if everyone simultaneously cuts demand and tries to increase exports . 
  that is a model that is fundamentally unworkable but is what germany is asking for . 
  british engineering tends to focus on capital projects rather than consumer goods . 
  we have a lot of people who can make bridges and buildings . 
  or machinery used in manufacturing . 
  which is why a lot of people ca n't point to identifiable british products . 
  it wo n't just be greeks though . 
  it 'll be every poor european nation . 
  germany sells far more to europe than internationally . 
  the international trade is a nice bonus . 
  this is also the best case scenario . 
  the worse case is that the greeks and co do what the germans are asking . 
  at which point the germans wo n't be able to compete with the greeks leading to a similar result . 
  the chase to the bottom is zero sum .
