  britain must be neutral evil . 
  sometimes we insist the law is vital . 
  other times france/germany/spain / russia benefits from the law so fuck it . 
  wyt ti 'n hoffi coffi is pretty much a meme about welsh education . 
  in the 90s at least there was a video pretty much every primary school used in wales that had characters signing `` do you like coffee ? 
  '' , `` yes i like coffee '' as the introduction . 
  i 'm not sure if that is the origin or if it was just propagating an existing meme . 
  the bbc is pretty much legally obligated to support the governments foreign policy position these days . 
  i like how often we are a special snowflake . 
  at least our friends in brittany are with us this time . 
   uk would get the same deal as switzerland/norway , 4 eu freedoms would be respected , some money is given to eu coffers as well this needs to be made clear to eurosceptics before the vote happens . 
  this would do nothing to resolve the key issue that is driving euroscepticism . 
   and just for the record , the uk 's economy will grow whether or not it leaves then eu that really depends on how we leave . 
  the vast bulk of our recent growth has come from our capacity to bring in migrants without everything collapsing under the weight . 
  without immigration the uk 's gdp for most of the last decade would be stagnant or falling . 
  the only way this growth would continue would be if we were still in the eea and ready to keep bringing in migrants . 
  i still find it hilarious he is treated like a saint . 
  in the uk we had shows that routinely made fun of him . 
  it 'd be like making jeremy clarkson pm . 
  not sure he is a berlusconi . 
  does he take drugs , party and fuck underaged prostitutes ? 
  yeah but is n't the crowd representative of the people who vote in the primaries ? 
  trump can win the electorate and lose the support of the party as i understand it . 
  do n't make us destroy your empire with russians , germans , austrians , spanish and portuguese again !, 
  that is n't fair . 
  sometimes they are on our side . 
  it 'll likely be ruled that this referendum covers those treaty changes . 
  also there is nothing stopping the government from just passing a bill that removes the previous referendum requirement . 
  yes the ottoman empire did n't have vast purges of armenians and greeks on its way down . 
  this is n't meant as a slur on turks btw . 
  i 'm just amazed at how ethnocentric our feminists are that they can not detect privilege unless it is attached to western european descent . 
  tbh i 'm just more surprised that others have n't called this out . 
  it trivialises the whole concept when a turk claims to be oppressed in the same way a black american can claim to be oppressed . 
  i 'm still amazed at the concept of a turkish person wrapping themselves in the language of oppression . 
  turks conquered an area of europe , the middle east and africa that puts them alongside rome , britain and the mongols as a great empire . 
  an empire that only ended relatively recently . 
  they are certainly on the opposite end of the oppression olympics compared to what this person seems to suggest . 
  a turk complaining about historic privilege is like a fucking brit complaining about it . 
  nearly all the agreements with european nations are either candidates for joining or people like norway or switzerland that implement the four freedoms . 
  turkey is a particular exception largely due to religion . 
  the eu will not sign any trade agreement that does n't preserve the four freedoms . 
  they 'll see the economic price for freezing out the uk as less than the political price of the uk disengaging without also agreeing to everything like norway and switzerland do . 
  doing otherwise effectively dissolves the eu . 
  every single member would be looking to do what the uk has done . 
  every single trade deal with the eu ( for europeans ) ends up with the same precise four freedoms built it . 
  politicians try to rephrase these things so they sound better to their voters but in the end they are precisely the same conditions required of those in the eu to begin with . 
  guess that means russia will be invading greece soon . 
  except having authority on cars is possible . 
  it is just as likely mr blobby is god as the christian god . 
  if you present it as nationalism you will fail . 
  the goal of the eu should be a post nationalist world . 
  as it stands borrowing and just paying it off later actually would make the government money . 
  even if they borrow it just to put it in a mattress somewhere . 
  tbh i think talking about changing government is counterproductive . 
  if russia want to be a 1980s style basket case they are welcome to . 
  their foreign policy is all that matters . 
  it 'd be nice if russia were competently governed but they are n't and it is n't our business provided the incompetence stays in moscow . 
  having any number of people waste time with conscription is a silly idea . 
  europe can hardly afford to waste a man year from every male either . 
  yeah and russia was barely able to handle georgia . 
  the 90s russian market was not free . 
  it was a bunch of various interests granting themselves the assets of the state . 
  the fact russians believe this is what capitalism looks like is a huge part of the problem . 
  corruption exists everywhere but the state actually just giving each other billions worth of assets is n't how it works . 
  yes but russia 's problem is they have no free market . 
  half the problem is you ca n't safely set up a business in russia free from fear that the russian government wo n't arbitrarily steal your business . 
  it does n't take absolute power to institute market reform . 
  in fact absolute power is the enemy of market reform . 
  america ? 
  obviously a caucus is a place to the east of the black sea . 
  a place terrified of russians , romans , persians , turks and mongolians . 
  obviously it is a rapper . 
  consistently solid economic figures help . 
  they keep expanding their military to hit the 2 % mark and then falling short because the economy kept expanding . 
  european defence is n't possible because more than half the eu members really ca n't be arsed . 
  i see no reason france and the uk would give people who train with broomsticks a veto over foreign policy . 
  there is a huge disconnect that needs to be resolved before it is possible . 
  i wish we still got resentment and mistrust . 
  it has n't become stronger . 
  it is as bound to oil prices as ever . 
  a stronger russian economy would be diversifying away from oil dependency . 
  russia will be stronger when we see the economy moderating when oil prices rise and stably decline when oil prices fall . 
  the incredible thing is per capita russia does n't even have that much oil . 
  to be this utterly dependent on it is bizarre . 
  tbh i think putin does actually care about russia . 
  he just does n't have a clue how to reform their economy . 
  finnish speaking minorities might want to be saved . 
  anything close to 50/50 will produce a pretty decisive stay result . 
  at this stage the pro-exit people would be hoping to have a 10 % + lead to have a realistic chance of actually winning the vote . 
  of course it could still all be turned by some gigantic story the day before the vote . 
  which jews in the west suffer this side of ve day ? 
  there is no paradox . 
  tolerance is a side effect of the non-aggression principle . 
  toleration of aggression has never been justifiable . 
  we do n't , or at least should n't , tolerate aggression ( social or individual ) from our own either . 
  yeah but scientology was actually trying to be a real religion . 
  denmark 's most hated film is a documentary . 
  tbh if it became the real thing it would be the ultimate proof of the point of the church . 
  mate it is obvious that the 6m jews gone from the censuses simply became the skin of the numidium like the dwemer . 
  in the uk our guns malfunction when faced with sand .
