  the current plan of subsidising shale ( both economically and legally ) while trying to make it easier to block wind farms is irritating . 
  however the truth is we should be spending even more on efficiency than we are right now . 
  continuing to buy russian gas is a short term policy at best . 
  people were already making plans to reduce dependency because russia likes to just shut down pipelines on a whim . 
  those plans will get accelerated now . 
  the eu will progressively move away from russian dependency and each year the russian trade in energy resources will drop which will put downward pressure on their economy year after year . 
   getting ukraine into the fold , without starting a cold war a cold war is inevitable now . 
  there is no normalisation from this . 
  cold war is the alternative to hot war . 
  the alternative that leads to normalisation is russia leaving the crimea and returning it to ukraine . 
   sorry if i hurt some feelings here , but the baltic states does n't hold any significant amount of valuable natural resources or is a strategic landmass worth all that trouble . 
  that is n't true though . 
  russia has historically sought to control the baltics because of their strategic location on the baltic . 
  russia is pretty much open ground all the way to the urals . 
  despite the talk about invading russia being impossible the truth is both napoleon and hitler were able to cross a massive swathe of russia causing untold destruction to the richest parts of the russian economy . 
  if anything the problem with russia is that you can run unchecked for so many miles that your supply lines break from overextension . 
  controlling the baltics means that one flank is secured by the sea . 
  this reduces the amount of land that an invasion can realistically go through . 
  regardless russia has n't invaded these areas time after time because it could . 
  it has done so because it has a long term strategic interest in holding the region much like it has in crimea . 
  it has long been russian doctrine to control the baltic sea . 
  well the system does n't actually work when the americans spend silly amounts of money on it . 
  that is why nobody wants to do it ourselves . 
  if the americans want to spend billions creating a shield that will deflect 3 % of a nuclear holocaust then they are free to do so . 
  yes but it is a matter of prioritisation . 
  if you are suffering in winter do you fix the roof or start a fire ? 
  you can do both but can end up with a half fixed roof and a fire that goes out after 10 minutes . 
  better to do the most efficient thing properly first . 
  it is less embarrassing if you use a useful measure like greenhouse gas emissions per capita . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_greenhouse_gas_emissions_per_capita the real problem is the eu mechanism on this mandates daft stuff like green energy and recycling as the answer . 
  we have been improving the energy efficiency of houses which actually does something . 
  we can generate more clean energy or use less energy . 
  the latter works much better . 
  not that we should n't be using more green energy but it is n't the only metric nor the most important one . 
  the economy has been a mess for some time but i would n't have said centuries of irrelevance . 
  he 's a politician . 
  it gives you leverage . 
  russia wants this to just go away as happened with georgia . 
  they expected us to find a way to blame ukraine for russia annexing crimea as we did then so we can continue to trade with russia . 
  they do not , under any circumstances , want a new cold war . 
  given this if you want them to behave you have to give them a new cold war . 
  yes lets just appease putin . 
  i 'm sure that will work . 
  oh wait we did that when we bent over backwards to sell out georgia to them . 
  we 've done the reducing tensions thing . 
  it has n't worked . 
  now is the time to ramp up consequences for russia until it stops doing this stuff . 
  putin cares about bulgaria . 
  putin has enough care for all of europe . 
   brits , scandinavians , germans , dutch and those sorts have it pretty easy . 
  richer people who have little need to move . 
  with france included you 've just described the economic engine of europe . 
  the problems in europe are facing the mediterranean countries who were n't as well off as the northern countries are in crisis at their peak . 
   `` europe '' - has long been one of the most divisive , emotive issues in british politics . 
  no it has n't . 
  europe has always been a political trap . 
  an agenda which does n't inspire passion but has many people against it . 
  there is a clear divide but it is normally seen as an issue nobody wants their politicians dealing with . 
  the tories spent a decade out of power because of their fascination with europe . 
  right now a particular hot spot of eu focus has been reached . 
  even then i think there is a trap there . 
  cameron has secured the tories right flank by bleating on about europe but miliband 's `` wait the eu is an issue '' approach is probably the safer one . 
  if it comes to election with the tories talking about the wonders of a referendum and miliband talking about standards of living then it could still hurt the tories badly . 
  these countries have some of the strictest migration controls on the planet . 
  i mean a british citizen has the easiest route in but also is one of the few nations with a decent outlook . 
  greeks have very little chance of moving to the us . 
  they could however move around the eu . 
  i 'm saying we could put even more troops there to make russia nervous . 
  if the invasion of crimea means that russia suddenly has many thousands of troops on its borders it will be less enthusiastic about such moves in future . 
  call them a routine redeployment or something . 
  low growth rates are expected with advanced economies . 
  that is n't to say that europe has been absolutely on top of everything . 
  there is certainly a need for the old continent to find its edge again . 
  what needs to happen is to bring the sleeping economies of europe up to pace . 
  greece , italy , portugal and spain should all be stronger than they are . 
  france and the uk can improve . 
  then there is the project to get the eastern members up to speed . 
  if we do this then europe will be in a good place . 
  poland have increased their own forces . 
  however nato should n't be a reactionary alliance . 
  if there is a serious threat to a nato member then deployments should be made as has historically been the case . 
  maybe they can trade crimea for us cancelling the 250k nato troops we are about to send to poland ? 
  how has comrade putin aided your nation fellow displaced russian ? 
  we have 500k friends ready to project force in eastern europe !, 
  none of this stuff will matter under glorious union . 
  all will be equal to other . 
  kiev . 
  glorious revolution comrade !, 
  unmarked volunteers sprung up and liberated all of europe overnight . 
  glory to putin !, 
  the a465 will be done by the time i am 90 . 
  there was a study done about a north/south rail link which suggested only 2 miles of new track had to be laid . 
  it would have run through dowlais . 
  the fact north/south is nearly an impossible journey is one of the biggest issues facing welsh internal development . 
  good luck polska . 
  britain will be right behind you when the invasion starts !, 
  i see no reason why the duchy needs any special laws . 
  if he ca n't make money using the brand of `` oh by the way i 'm going to be king '' then the business has no business existing . 
  it is more that nobody sues over it . 
  british law has a tradition of not changing anything until it needs changing .
