  however the law remains in existence . 
  for instance if i passed a law a and then a law b that said `` everything in law a does not apply '' and then passed a law c that said `` everything in law b does not apply '' that has the net result of restoring law a. 
  even if law c does n't say anything about law a. 
  law a never went away . 
  it is kept in parliament for a reason . 
  every single law and judgement is kept on the books because some freak instance could cause them to re-emerge even after they 've been killed . 
  the difference in comparison to civil law is that civil law keeps an ongoing central state of laws . 
  you do n't write bills that law about other bills but instead make amendments to the central law . 
  once made the bills themselves can be thrown out . 
  the static state of the codified law is the sole basis of the law . 
  yes but being invited by parliament is somewhat different . 
  it is self evident that if there is no authoritative document that contains the law that all judgements have to hold for all time . 
  essentially british law is defined by adding all legislation and judgements from the start of practice together . 
  because all law and legislation is relative to what has come before it then what has come before it remains part of the legal framework . 
  even if it is effectively defunct . 
  it is not possible to ever throw away legislation in a legal framework that is relative . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_law  by the way , here 's a clue : http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2013/2/contents/enacted this is precisely what i 'm talking about . 
  you can undo old legislation but that legislation is still on the books . 
  the law is now the combination of the old bills and this new repealing bill . 
  there is the possibility that the new bill missed something in which case some section of the old bill would still apply . 
  a bill 's effect might be effectively zero in the face of a new law but it remains on the books . 
  i did n't say rome . 
  there are interesting sites tied to the roman empire that are nothing to do with rome itself . 
  that is n't how it worked in the uk . 
  at some point the unions held their workers hostage and decided to run a semi-revolution where they 'd simply overthrow the governments they did n't like via general strikes . 
  now nobody wants to be in a union . 
  that was the deal we gave them last time . 
  no it is n't . 
  the whole point of common law is that decisions hold for all time . 
  you can write new laws that effectively invalidate the old precedents and laws but the only way to know is to follow the history of case law and legislation from day 0 to today . 
  it is n't even possible to actually revoke a bill in such a system because there is no codification of the law . 
  the way that a bill is revoked is by writing a new bill that undoes everything in the old bill . 
  if a mistake is made in the crafting of this new bill then the law becomes a combination of the two bills . 
  nordics are ashamed of their heritage as barbarians . 
  britain is only ashamed that it is over !, 
  people generally go to italy to see the roman empire . 
  so you get a different kind of tourist . 
  not that italy is n't beautiful . 
  technically every single bill and every single precedent still holds . 
  of course in practice many bills are directly about undoing stuff done in previous bills . 
  this practically eliminates those bills though they remain on the books . 
  to be fair we tend to go on holiday as if we own all the places we holiday in . 
  most of us know we had lots of clay . 
  damned if we know where exactly this was though . 
  so we 'd best pretend we owned all of it . 
  everyone in europe has been at war with everyone else . 
  that is why they made the eu . 
  i still want to build a giant wall around london and charge them to cross the border !, 
  british people are from the mighty continent of britannia !, 
  the concept of civil law is that there should be a definitive text in which citizens can examine the law and understand precisely what their rights are . 
  this is opposed to law that can only be understood by experts having examined distributed and arcane texts of various origins that together form the basis of law . 
  the latter is what we have . 
  you ca n't understand uk law without a lifetime of study . 
  there is no central authority . 
  even an act of parliament does n't undo judicial precedents . 
  lawyers would n't be paid nearly as much as they are if we had a civil law system . 
  otoh civil law tends to be prescriptive and obvious problems with the law are hard to deal with because the judge has less leeway to actually judge . 
  to have a civil law system we 'd effectively need to take every judicial precedent and recodify the laws to include it . 
  then make this new law the highest authority again . 
  do you have any natural resources we can borrow while you try to figure out what pudding is precisely ? 
  that was what made the british empire so powerful though . 
  most nations had to choose . 
  superpowers tend to be decent at something they do n't want to do . 
  the british army was renown despite it almost being an afterthought compared to the navy . 
  although we certainly were n't prussia . 
  or napoleonic france . 
  does n't count if you are invited . 
  in wales we also have cows in the hills . 
  having nowhere else to put them . 
  danes never got close to taking wales . 
  turns out they did n't like archers . 
  also the danes had never seen a mountain before . 
  welshmen standing on unnatural lumps of earth shooting arrows must have been an interesting sight to a land used to fighting hand to hand on a pool table nation . 
  which is interesting since most of us will probably say it is britain before the uk . 
  all our politics and what chest beating we do is about britain rather than the uk . 
  our politicians do n't campaign on putting the united back into the kingdom ( though i have this horrible suspicion they will now ) . 
  i think if it was n't a political minefield with the whole ni situation most of us would prefer to be known by gb rather than uk . 
  britain is a much more satisfying label than the technical uk thing . 
  the whole conflict must be even weirder for ireland than it is for us . 
  we have this whole strange thing where they complain about not being able to fly the british flag all the time . 
  who in britain flies the british flag ? 
  at all ? 
  not in wales either . 
  nhs is devolved . 
   there is a wwii memorial in every town , no matter how small . 
  those are n't ww2 memorials . 
  they are general remembrance memorials . 
  they first became popular for ww1 but naturally have the names of dead locals from all wars engraved upon them . 
  piracy was a necessity in facing a spanish empire that was unfathomably powerful and fighting on our turf . 
  there is a sense of the punic wars in the conflict between england and spain in that time . 
  it is routinely overlooked in history though , despite its importance . 
  i think generally attaching piracy to the empire is a bit much . 
  it was a temporary strategy in defeating an enemy we could not have otherwise beaten . 
  the best part about immigrants is when their children become violently opposed to immigration . 
  the language changes were mainly about industrialisation . 
  essentially people learned english because there were wages to be earned if you could communicate with rich people who owned factories and mines . 
  there is a lot of fuss about some short lived sporadic attempts at language cleansing but in wales at least the bulk of it was private . 
  you spoke english and you could work in the mines . 
  parents endeavoured to teach their children so that they would n't have to try and figure out a foreign language . 
  have you been to ireland ?
