  do n't drug it or declaw it . 
  then we 'll see how long this manly sport survives . 
  talking about this in terms of pop is disingenuous . 
  the fact you can artificially suppress the market with huge state action is not a sign the value is n't real . 
  as it stands greeks are being forced onto the street . 
  this is not a normal state of affairs . 
  there is n't some grand bubble being propped up by miss pricing ( which is what a bubble usually entails ) . 
  the current problem is a market being driven into the ground by austerity which is in turn undermining the greek tax take . 
  greece had a problem . 
  it now has a much worse problem because their real term gdp has been cut by about 60 % because of austerity . 
  if they cut minimum wage it wo n't increase employment by as much as wages go down . 
  a cut to minimum wages would be another inherently deflationary measure in a nation that can hardly afford it . 
  nope . 
  most european nations did n't have anything comparable to the british empire . 
  france did and that is pretty much it . 
  how does it benefit all of europe ? 
  it accounts for much higher food prices . 
  we pay for cap twice . 
  three times if you want to count the damage it does to emerging markets . 
  getting a rebate on our contributions is a nice start . 
  ideally the payment would be proportional to utilisation and national wealth but france will never agree to that . 
  however we will still be paying for cap in the much higher food prices it generates . 
  if people want unity we can not have the bulk of the eu be about an agricultural scheme designed to transfer money from one set of nations into another . 
  yes but that has mainly led to britain not breeding horses like we used to . 
  it is a matter of pricing . 
  truffles are just another form of food . 
  bacon tastes nicer than it anyway . 
  the value of utilising pigs for searching for truffles is n't higher than raising pigs for delicious bacon and pork . 
  similarly for sheep . 
  clothes are necessary but you only need so much and you also need food . 
  horses were and in fact are a big sign of wealth . 
  nobody in the uk was going to eat a horse where the very fact you own horses meant you were better off that someone who did n't . 
  most european nations do n't have the colonial background to import this stuff . 
  most of the reason britain eats so much foreign food is we had a giant empire . 
  the expansion of chinese and indian restaurants here came about because india and hong kong were part of the empire . 
  only france has a comparable history on which to draw from . 
  recently european nations have been doing similarly . 
  britain has been doing it for a very long time . 
  we still pretty rigidly stick to beef/pork/chicken / lamb or some sort of fish food . 
  however practically there is n't a limit to what you can do with that . 
  i think the main reason we do n't eat horses or dogs is the animals historically were too valuable to simply eat . 
  why would you eat a horse or dog when you can put them to work ? 
  it is much easier to reform from a position of strength . 
  the main reason greece is recovering is because austerity has largely ended . 
  they 've completed most of their requirements so are n't bleeding themselves any more . 
  essentially people have stopped kicking them over and now they are standing up . 
  if we had implemented stimulus back when this started the cost to the tax payer would have been much lower . 
  the greek economy would have been much stronger . 
  the banks would have had to cut their hair less . 
  austerity has been nothing more than an unmitigated disaster . 
  on every count . 
  there is no hard figure on which austerity has benefited europe or greece . 
  germany has paid more for austerity . 
  the eurozone has paid more for it . 
  greece has certainly paid more . 
  the only benefit is some wishy washy ethical principle has been upheld . 
  i 'm not sure if basic is the right way to describe british diets . 
  i 'd suggest we probably have the most diverse diets in europe . 
  given that we import from all corners of the world * . 
  it just is n't traditional british food . 
  the issue with the horse meat is : 1 . 
  the label said beef . 
  the horse meat is not fit for human consumption in many cases . 
  imagine if someone sold a vw golf and you actually got a volvo . 
  boris johnson is saying `` well the scandinavians love their volvos '' . 
  that is besides the point i ordered a vw golf . 
  * yes i 'm aware most european nations have this . 
  it probably is n't nearly as entrenched as in the uk . 
  send them to scotland . 
  we might be able to get some sense out of both of them . 
  til wales is a nazi dream world . 
  he has n't even dissolved the imperial senate yet . 
  it was just a really long decline . 
  as with all rules in english . 
  it does n't apply as often as it does . 
  the same reasoning is why we say `` an honour '' rather than `` a honour '' . 
  to expand on it we were bloody right to declare war on them . 
  i 'm doing a very stretched devils advocate . 
  hitler admired the uk . 
  that makes me slightly sick . 
  yet i should probably be sick at which parts of it hitler admired . 
  we did declare war on them . 
  napoleon basically declared total war on the uk . 
  i 'm sure it was mutual but he made himself an enemy of us from day 1 . 
  the uk is always going to look on him as someone who hurt all of europe so he could hurt britain . 
  strangely enough that did n't seem to be the case . 
  he would have been happy with britain and france ( disputed territories aside ) as part of a coalition of evil bastards . 
  we just were n't so happy with that . 
  tbh i do n't think it is compromise that is the issue . 
  often we just end up fundamentally disagreeing with the best way forward for the project . 
  the uk just has a tendency to look for opt-outs rather than vetos when we see something we consider crippling for our economic outlook . 
  france tends to just veto this stuff and that is why they do n't do opt outs . 
  we could have taken that path and the maastricht treaty would never have been signed . 
  who does that really benefit ? 
  you could make the argument it is harmful to the eu that the uk seeks to make itself not subject to bad ideas rather than challenging them more vigorously for the benefit of all . 
  for instance the cap rebate should have really been a more generalised funding restructuring . 
  we are n't the only one who suffers from cap and maybe we should have brought those other nations along with us . 
  shelters are primarily funded privately . 
  women 's shelters are funded because women have raised the issue and raised donations . 
  the main reason you do n't see it ( or appropriate support ) happen with men is the cultural expectation that men are supposed to be strong and independent .
