  in communal ownership it takes the entire community to make that decision , not the individual . 
  so clearly the right to life is a natural human right . 
  * ownership is defined as a property whereby a person can decide on the future of something . 
  even its destruction . 
  it does n't necessarily imply property though most ethical systems end up suggesting that property should follow the same lines . 
  i think most people in wales know the anthem ( at least we were taught it in both primary and secondary school ) . 
  however knowing the sounds and knowing what it means is something else . 
  i 've seen people actually belt out the anthem and then say they wished the language died . 
  last sentence of the chorus  o bydded i ' r hen iaith barhau literal translation  o may the old language endure personally i think the anthem is incredibly fitting . 
  certainly more so than the british anthem . 
  it literally enumerates the handful of things that makes wales a different place to england . 
  without the language and the cultural norms surrounding it we 'd be what cornwall is today . 
  yeah it is actually an incredibly offensive term that does n't get used as much as it used to . 
  i mean it is rare you get to shit on an entire race and disabled people at the same time . 
  do n't think you need to be a woman . 
  imagine how boring the world would be without laughter . 
  now imagine it denied to half the population . 
  bloody insane people . 
  they are n't religious . 
  they are based upon logic . 
  admittedly there are certain things taken for granted as basic axioms like the fundamental equality of all men . 
  if we had a world in which we could somehow decide a particular group of people were in some way ethically and socially superior we 'd have a very different set of human rights . 
  regardless pretending that everything is either man made or a religion is insanely stupid . 
  is mathematics man made ? 
  if there are aliens they certainly have the same mathematics . 
  it has held true in human society to the point of complex mathematics being decided the same way in independent communities . 
  the whole newton v leibniz debate being the obvious one . 
  two different men went away and came up with the exact same rules on differential calculus . 
  aliens would have exactly the same calculus as us . 
  does that make it a religion or man made ? 
  or is it closer to a fundamental truth ? 
  human rights are effectively fundamental truths but applied contextually to the reality of humanity . 
  the british tradition has always been that certain rights are held purely for existing . 
  the idea of freeborn rights has been a concept in the uk forever . 
  nearly every major internal conflict in the uk has been over such rights . 
  whether we are talking about magna carta , the civil war or the glorious revolution . 
  where law interacts with this is something else . 
  certainly laws and establishments of power can act contrary to inalienable rights . 
  that does n't alter the inalienability of the rights . 
  which is why parliament felt it had the power to raise an army to resist charles i 's attempt to tax without permission of parliament . 
  i mean take the concept of artificiality of rights to its natural conclusion . 
  that means that murder is only bad because the law says so . 
  that in a different country i could murder somebody and it would be fine because the law says so . 
  murder comes back to self ownership . 
  irrevocable destruction of property is the ultimate power of ownership . 
  murder is the irrevocable destruction of the person . 
  so on what grounds can you deny self ownership ( under which murder is obviously wrong and should sanely be illegal ) ? 
  the alternatives are mutual ownership of all society . 
  in that case the one person can not make such an ultimate call alone so murder is still obviously something that must be restricted . 
  the other alternative is where some kind of upper class owns a lower class but there is no good basis on which to justify such a thing . 
  given this it is blatantly obvious that murder should be illegal . 
  there may be legal systems that disagree but nobody ever said the law has to be right . 
  in fact most legal systems have built in the understanding that they are probably wrong and need to be adjusted . 
  as long as we do n't have any habsburgs in charge . 
  the pope can stay out of this as well . 
  no habsburgs and no pope !, 
  we are allowed to begrudgingly respect france . 
  we 've been allies for a century now . 
  as long as we point out that they were more worthy of respect as enemies than friends . 
  why is nobody denying that obama is in fact galactus ? 
  it seems like people would deny it if it was n't true . 
  that is actually a common and very effective way of dealing with guerillas . 
  i 'm actually surprised ukraine are n't doing it . 
  usually there are special advisors that so are n't in the territory in question to help develop these tactics . 
  of course he 's extending it . 
  in so much as they had to abandon it when the economy tanked . 
  that means if they want to hammer certain sections of public services they 'll need another chance and extended time period to run at it . 
  it is also precise why i wo n't be voting tory . 
  after pulling keynes out of the bin and turning the economy around they are going to throw it back in again . 
   i had agreed with the initial assessment that the austerity policies were likely to trigger deeper recession . 
  they did , so we stopped doing it . 
  no sporting event ever makes a profit . 
  tourism actually went down during the olympics as people stayed away to avoid the traffic build up the events cause . 
  hotels saw their business drop . 
   for example , how many westerners actually eat buckwheat ? 
  i 'm sure it can be fed to cattle . 
  not all agriculture is directly for human consumption . 
  that is the normal russian move . 
  nato does n't allow members who have territorial disputes . 
  already ukraine will have to give up crimea if they want to join . 
  usually they demand a constitutional fiddle so that it becomes impossible to disown the puppet state as well . 
  how does it give economies a boost to redirect money from useful things to building stadia ? 
  i mean even in the uk when the olympics overran we stopped building roads in some places to find the money . 
  how does that help the economy ? 
  economics is not a good reason to run a sports tournament . 
  the process with russia was just as corrupt . 
  like with qatar they had the worse bid on the list by fifas own metrics . 
  the bids were only supposed to be workable at all if they passed the metrics . 
  as it is only england qualified in 2018 and only the us qualified in 2022 . 
  so fifa moved the goal posts and allowed bids like russia ( which scored 0 iirc ) to get bribed to victory . 
  the german view is naturally a reaction to the german mentality at the time whereas the british view is a reaction to the british mentality . 
  germany was dominated by the prussian militarist mentality for the first half of its existence . 
  that brought it disaster . 
  the british view is mostly in response to a feeling that we waited far too long to draw the line against hitler . 
  that if we had stood up to this man sooner then a great number of people would still be alive . 
  this is also partly propagated by a feeling that in ww1 we drew an ambiguous line about whether we would intervene or not . 
  this encouraged those who wanted a war . 
  is it really surprising that a nation brought to ruin because it was tired of fighting wars has a different reaction to a nation brought to ruin because it was all too keen ? 
  never again means something very different in the uk to germany . 
  poland is fulfilling its destiny as always .
