  muslims only show huge growth in comparison to christianity which has been haemoragging . 
  the eurabia bullshit intentionally excludes atheism and general non-religion which is the real growth group in the uk . 
  they are saying that 2/90 is a smaller number than 2/40 . 
  no fucking shit . 
  2 % is still 2 % though . 
  essentially muslims have held their relatively small absolute numbers while christianity is dying very quickly . 
  the actual proportion of the british population that is muslim has held stationary or with slight growth . 
  in any case even the most extreme projects put the muslim population at only 20 % a century from now . 
  it is a minority . 
  if it is less than 50 % it is a minority . 
  the fact it was raised during the debate about moving euro denominated transactions out of london ? 
  the ftt is frankly a terrible idea . 
  it was first raised to punish hfts because they produced a `` false '' ( i.e. 
  real ) crash before the big crash in 2008 . 
  the fact that we are now in a recession pretty much proves the hfts were in fact operating completely sanely and thus the justification for the ftt tax is gone . 
  however it was later resurrected during what was essentially a debate of envy over london 's status in the market . 
  also the fact that originally something like 80 % of it would have been london makes it rather convenient . 
  it is really a matter of what you do in university . 
  degrees are no longer a universal quality . 
  what is on the degree matters more than having a degree now . 
  in the past doing any degree gave you a obvious distinction that you , unlike most the population , had demonstrated the ability to spend 3 years doing something without giving up . 
  now half the population does that it is n't a distinction . 
  for the most part anyone going into an engineering discipline is not going to struggle for a job . 
  the truth is both planes are irrelevant in the era of the drone . 
  planes are the next thing to go . 
  of course it 'll be interesting if we see effective counter measures against remote control . 
  the primary cost in a plane is keeping the pilot alive . 
  for the cost of an f-22 they can put up hundreds of drones . 
  nah france always gives 0 to the uk . 
  it is this kind of silly `` regulation '' that creates the eurosceptic argument . 
  in what way does this ensure the stability of the financial system ? 
  so far we 've seen the tobin tax ( which was designed to punish london , pretty openly so as well ) and now a banker bonus cap . 
  as much as these are nice populist moves they do nothing to deal with the problems that caused the financial crisis . 
  there are only realistically two ways you can ensure 2008 does n't happen again : 1 . 
  regulate to improve pricing information on derivatives . 
  regulate to reduce how much leeway a bubble has to grow . 
  ( i.e. 
  via firewalling or increasing adequacy ) the tobin tax actually reduces the quality of pricing information by reducing the number of transactions that can take place . 
  i 'm not sure what bonus caps are meant to achieve if anything . 
  i always saw this as the point of eurovision . 
  send as silly an act as you can and watch as greece votes for cyprus and vice versa . 
  hold out for the zero from france . 
  i think we would pull out of the contest if france ever gave us points . 
   i 'm all up for space age technology that can look at a never seen before vehicle and locate all its weak points !, 
  the weak point is on top . 
  the counter is to strengthen the top armour but that requires your tank become a fixed fun emplacement or have weaker frontal armour . 
  the us keeps abrams around because most people do n't have modern weaponry . 
  the same reason they keep f-18s around even though the f-22 would wipe the floor with them . 
  a large part of it is modern technology . 
  for tanks to be viable they have to lose armour somewhere . 
  both historically and today this was the top armour . 
  we have weapons that are able to track and find the top of a tank today . 
  modern variants of the javelin will actively pick out the top of the vehicle . 
  not to mention that it uses high explosive shaped charges that will punch through just about anything . 
  so essentially we have specialised armour piercing explosives and the ability to track and find the weak points of the target without human interaction . 
  then it becomes a matter of price . 
  the infantry are cheaper than the tank . 
  that is without going into how a helicopter gunship would wipe out an entire regiment of tanks on its own . 
  once we have mag weapons ( the americans are doing a lot of research into this , as is israel ) it will essentially be game over for the tank . 
  currently the research is about creating small arms with no kick and giant artillery guns . 
  however you could equally make a gun with human manageable kick that could hit like a tank shell . 
  tanks are still great for sweeping mines , creating bridges , etc and will remain so . 
  apparently the euro already dominates latvia 's economy anyway . 
  anti-tank weaponry was n't nearly as useful as it is today . 
  the threat from the air is also far greater . 
  tanks remain able to fulfil a bunch of utility tasks . 
  however those are n't as the centre piece of your line any more . 
  essentially the modern tank is an engineering unit rather than a war engine . 
  tanks are pretty much sitting ducks for both infantry and air carried weapons . 
  they do n't have the flexibility of modern infantry and no longer have the immunity to hand held weaponry they once had . 
  their obsolescence is only going to grow as we experiment more with magnetic weaponry . 
  though they remain useful for stuff like mine sweeping and probably will continue to do so . 
  that is n't a front line central role though . 
  they are only kept around in the uk because we have historic cavalry units that would disband without tanks . 
  i was reinforcing your point . 
  technical readiness is not the same as readiness . 
  the lesson of ww2 is that troops with experience trounce troops without . 
  the bef and french military were all children while the wehrmarcht had been involved in conflicts all over the continent for a decade before the war . 
  that is why france and the uk are prepared to intervene in conflicts today . 
  not that they pick conflicts just to train but that policy encourages intervention because it serves other purposes . 
  if the us did attack europe ( assuming we could n't stalemate the conflict which is likely ) they 'd struggle in france and the uk until weight of resources won out . 
  they 'd walk all over the other nations precisely because us troops are experienced and german troops are good at demanding ac and to have those guns taken away . 
  aircraft carriers remain giant targets . 
  nearly every us wargame scenario has demonstrated that in a real war the carriers would probably be all sunk within a week . 
  the number of exercises the us has reset and set rules to stop the forces aligned against the carriers from `` cheating '' is shocking . 
  the carrier is about as much use as a tank today . 
  the ~ ~ future ~ ~ present of war is long range drones that can project force without carriers . 
  admittedly the us has a lead in this field . 
  the falklands is hardly about ambitions . 
  the uk would give it up immediately if the falklanders agreed to it . 
  do you think the uk wants strained relations with argentina ? 
  we were on the brink of a deal before the war . 
  we had agreed in principle to a hand over if the islanders agreed . 
  they did n't agree . 
  much like the situation in gibraltar . 
  or the one in northern ireland . 
  the real problem with a european army is it would basically be the uk and france . 
  at the moment the situation seems to be that france wants european integration but will take a renewed entente if it ca n't get it . 
  the uk is entirely opposed to giving the eu sovereignty over its military while nobody in the eu contributes outside of france ( who we can have an alliance with in any case ) . 
  the other problem is the uk and france are politically very different to the rest of the eu in how we act .
