  everyone admitted this , even harold . 
  the debate was on the content . 
  harold was under the impression it only applied to his time on the continent . 
  it was unquestionably forced . 
  even the bayeux tapestry glorifies william tricking the stupid saxon with the relics hidden under the table trick . 
  or go there and tell the saxons to stand on the fucking hill . 
  it is n't complicated . 
  stand on hill -  win . 
  run down hill -  get cut down by superior enemy cavalry . 
  no it is n't . 
  we were using english first . 
  language kind of originated here . 
  the us has a bastardised date format . 
  just like their gallons are all wonky . 
  of course it would hurt moscow more . 
  their perception is that we do n't really care about ukraine much at all . 
  thus any amount of suffering on our part would not be accepted . 
  if the west wanted to russia could be sent into oblivion but it would cost us 10p on the pump and nobody will tolerate that . 
  the fall out from this is n't going to be immediate action . 
  however we should see long term planning to weaken dependency on russia . 
  how do you think the scots terrify their enemies ? 
  they were in the process of impeaching him . 
  if that had gone through then they can ask the question of what to do about an ex-president who ordered the slaughter of civilians . 
  which one ? 
  yanukovich 's own party turned on him . 
  there was no need to rig any votes . 
  we need a nazi scotland propaganda photo now . 
  are golden dawn in a massive unity government put together to save their nation from complete collapse ? 
  anschluss is just the german word for annexation . 
  history means outside germany anschluss refers to that one in particular . 
  i like that russia takes more from russia than it gives to russia . 
  like a perpetual motion machine . 
  do n't you know that outside the west civilians like being shot ? 
  it is part of their culture . 
  whataboutism has reached a whole new level if we are talking about the victorian era . 
  back in the day rome exploited the world !, 
  bloody western europeans !, 
   i 'm usually as hawkish as they come , yeah i 'm not . 
  i was pissed off about syria and delighted when it did n't happen . 
  however russia invading european countries is a relevant real politik issue and dangerous to our strategic aims . 
  well it is all or nothing for clegg . 
  this is his platform in theory . 
  clegg shot to prominence by running rings around the other two leaders in the last ge campaign debates . 
  if he does take down farage it would both restart his career and give the lds a much needed boost . 
  wales is too busy hating itself and each other . 
  just tall poppy syndrome then . 
  surely everyone should seek to be better at being vicious bastards rather than dragging us successful imperialists down to their level ? 
  if they did then portugal is the most sane and prescient of all countries . 
  all this talk about nukes . 
  the sm will simply nuke the whole world first . 
  then russia have no leverage over them !, 
  you should protect the independence of ethnic germans in slovenia . 
  finally nobody can criticise us brits from not knowing french . 
  we are just following the lead of the french !, 
  yes i think the tories should be made to say exactly what it is they are hoping to `` claw back '' from the eu before the next election . 
  it seems to me that everything they want back is stuff the uk population actually enjoys . 
  like the working time directive . 
  if the tories want us to work until we drop then they should campaign on this at the next ge . 
  rather than talking about bendy bananas and other bullshit . 
  at the same time the us desperately wants to disengage from europe . 
  it does not want this bullshit from russia . 
  of course this bullshit from russia has happened because of us disengagement and eu pretence that the world is all roses and sunshine . 
  if belarus turned west it 'd have to have all that liberal stuff like votes and free speech . 
  not going to happen . 
  i 've been pretty hawkish on this but this is a reasonable post . 
  however i think it has demonstrated some long term issues the eu needs to face up to . 
  the aftermath of this is bigger than the crimea . 
  energy security , military spending and foreign policy co-operation are big issues of debate for the eu . 
  it is n't theoretical any more . 
  we can no longer pretend than war on the continent is unthinkable . 
  war on the continent is happening right now . 
  this is needed to take more decisive action in future . 
  whether with soft or hard power . 
  edf want subsidies for nuclear higher than the subsidies for wind . 
   this is n't true , france generates 80 % of it 's power from nuclear and it has some of the cheapest electricity in europe . 
  infact it 's so cheap they turn off some power stations to raise the price france does n't have all the cost of ownership built into the price . 
  it came from a time where expectations on long term storage costs were lower . 
   nuclear : too much pressure from green groups , generally mistrusted by the populace i 've changed my mind on this in the light of recent events . 
  nuclear 's biggest problem is that it is expensive . 
  i believed we could push edf or similar into not being ridiculous if we press ahead with green power . 
  as it is i now think we ca n't afford to wait for this . 
  we should instead look at new nuclear builds , possibly nationalised . 
  energy is now a security issue and thus we ca n't afford to pussy foot around with the private market . 
  there is some of that as well . 
  modern cars fold up in collisions which reduces the forces on the occupants . 
  road congestion . 
  i 'm never moving fast enough to kill anyone . 
  that and the last generations that did n't have any proper education are no longer with us . 
  there is nothing special about an ipod such that it could n't be made by any company either . 
  honestly this is a weak argument . 
  except trademark laws are n't time limited . 
  apple own ipod forever . 
  the only time they 'd lose it is if they failed to defend it . 
  the eu are defending their trademarks here . 
  if apple ca n't compete without special trademark rights then they should n't be in the market . 
  ok shall we sell mp3 players and call them ipods ? 
  the aocs are effectively both a trademark and a source of quality control . 
  when you say parma ham there is a reasonable expectation that it actually comes from parma . 
  just like if you sold an apple phone there is a reasonable expectation that the phone was actually made by apple . 
  yes prestige and authenticity are n't physical qualities but they are a huge part of markets and marketing .
