  the reason you have poverty in london is people keep driving more wealth there . 
  this pushes up prices of housing and general goods beyond people . 
  actually reversing the current trend will make those people much better off . 
  how will the eu help with training ? 
  other than the uk and france none of them know how to fight . 
  to be able to pass on experience you need experience . 
  germany basically enters war zones on the condition that the tents have air conditioning and that they do n't have to ever hold a gun . 
  personally i 'd back giving more help . 
  we supposedly revitalised the entente and i 'd see support making that something more than neat words . 
  however arguing that the eu is going to do anything is a bit silly . 
  yes because uk policy is n't at all tailored for london . 
  i 'm not sure it is a good thing . 
  on one hand it is great that the language just does what it wants . 
  otoh we get some silly sounding words . 
  pros and cons . 
  probably 100 years from now we 'll add a t to every word and then harass the americans for not having proper english . 
  that will make it feel more planned . 
  english is a language that just rolls . 
  which is why `` dongle '' is now a technical term . 
  no doubt it is n't a wales v england thing . 
  it is a london v everyone else thing . 
  scotland and wales just have an historic border on which to organise around . 
  without the cap food prices in the eu would be much , much lower . 
  although yes it would n't be local products . 
  cap gets a bad name in the uk precisely because it is bad for the bottom line . 
  it is a tax used to push our food prices up . 
  nobody sane could support such a thing . 
  at the time the rebate happened the uk was simultaneously one of the poorest nations in the union and the 2nd highest contributor . 
  it was obvious that the system was really broken . 
  the uk could n't get the political will to fix the way the eu is funded . 
  so instead we negotiated a much easier , though divisive , fix for ourselves . 
  the rebate makes sense until cap is reformed . 
  it is n't the fault of the uk that some of the highest contributors are screwed by the eu funding system . 
  i assure you if there is an out vote some technicality will be found to not actually leave . 
  we are getting a referendum solely because the polls are shifting back towards in . 
  it will almost certainly end up that way ( if england votes out ) . 
  years of under investment in wales was disrupted when the eu gave the area a shed load of money . 
  that triggered a westminster fiscal exercise to try and repatriate that money to london where it so obviously belongs and is needed . 
  fortunately the eu stepped in and threatened to pull the entire project . 
  westminster 's response was to pull match funding and leave cardiff sort it out . 
  there would be an incredibly strong argument in favour of leaving the union if the uk leaves the eu . 
  it is just about a straight forward fact wales would be better off in the eu than in the uk . 
  there is also the timing aspect . 
  this poll seems contemporary with the belief that civil partnerships were equivalent . 
  as it is it turns out they are n't . 
  we really do n't want argentina . 
  the mightiest empire on the planet . 
  the anglosphere will make the world cower in its glory . 
  where are the paddles on the side of the uk facing france ? 
  it would take 2 months to even agree to have the bill read in parliament . 
  another 3 to decide on the question and then 6 months to get the lords to agree to it . 
  china is winning by having hundreds of millions of incredibly poor people . 
  if china are winning i want to lose . 
  china are indeed improving in economic terms . 
  it is an opportunity rather than a crisis . 
  we certainly do n't want to emulate the conditions the chinese are striving to be free from . 
  we offered to bail out ireland . 
  pretty much ireland got the best terms possible because we do an incredible amount of trade with them . 
  also we offered money to ireland precisely because the uk public would support it . 
  the other bail outs were general commitments britain has signed up to . 
  there was an eu stability fund we are committed to . 
  then there is the imf . 
  a third fund was created between the eurozone members to take on the bulk of the problem . 
  true but that wo n't stop the sceptics from agitating and trying to bollock our relationship with europe anyway . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i 'm pointing out the political climate in which the current eu power structure grew . 
  the problem is that xarchy does n't strictly mean `` x rules '' . 
  it is more of setting a preferential or overseer position for x. 
  nobody can sensibly tell me that still is n't true of men . 
  the legal structures of the uk are mostly non-discriminatory . 
  however the culture is still one of men as bread winners . 
  all the social pressure , and most of the spoils that comes with it , is still discriminatory is society . 
  there is still an expectation that men are the ones with big careers while women have the option of a career . 
  that is still arguably a patriarchy though goodness knows what you do about it . 
  the real key to understanding it though is both genders enforce this system . 
  it is n't an `` evil men and oppressed women '' situation . 
  it is a strange society where both genders are culpable for the situation . 
  i 'm not saying i necessarily agree this is a problem but i can understand the argument . 
  it is n't technically wrong and is worth discussion . 
  however if we accept that this is n't a problem we have to be prepared to accept issues like the increased suicide rate and social protections for the traditional roles women take ( like legal assumptions of the mother taking primary custody in divorce ) . 
  both of those are a result of the social bias . 
  i think it is very unlikely this wo n't happen . 
  cameron has promised it and any party saying `` no we do n't want this '' will look undemocratic . 
  however it is 4 years where the media will speak of their love and admiration for brussels . 
  having been told off by people with money . 
  personally i see a referendum as a good thing . 
  it 'll harm euroscepticism badly . 
  it is one thing learning about something your great great grandparents did . 
  quite another holding yourself personally responsible . 
  there is already a big movement in germany to have their children seen as not responsible . 
  it is really crazy how germany went from being a bunch of crazy little states , to a major power , to conquering most of europe and then to nothing . 
  only to return to roughly its original size . 
  it is like europe got a job after centuries of faffing around . 
  it was always a staring contest of who could get the most concessions out of the other party . 
  greece could bring down the entire euro . 
  the euro could bring down greece . 
  really the problem was a complete lack of a framework to deal with this entirely predictable mess . 
  europe still would have been much better off bailing out greece . 
  though i can understand german concerns about moral hazards . 
  to be fair we are useless at clearing roads .
