  something which none of the parties are interested in ( the uk basically pretending we are n't involved , turkey abusing the system and greece being too poor to do anything after previously abusing it ) . 
  i could understand replacing the tripartite system with protection under the new eu defence pact . 
  i could understand just saying `` you know cyprus could just be its own country and we can all avoid being idiots '' . 
  i ca n't understand going back to the dissolution of the ottoman empire for our approach . 
  turkey will never be allowed to join . 
  the simple truth is turkey would almost immediately become a new major power . 
  they 'd rival germany , france and the uk in terms of influence and that would royally piss off france at least . 
  as it stands germany would be anxious due to immigration . 
  france do n't like anyone who might upset their position at the centre of the union . 
  britain would be moderately in support because it 'd piss off france ( or more sensibly it would create a more balanced power axis in the middle of the union ) . 
  you do n't fear the dark lord ? 
  he does have a tendency towards immortality . 
  admittedly the net result of this will probably be britain tied ever more into the eu and everyone hating it and cursing mandelson for it . 
  your northerness is a function of whether you were being invaded or doing the invading during the time of the vikings . 
  i ca n't remember stories of empty longboats sailing from the uk . 
  hey britain is going to make history when we shoot ourselves in the foot . 
  was annexed by germany . 
  ok but we need to take a chunk of your country to help form continental gb . 
  it 'd be silly to have a continent with only us on it . 
  no we need that for strategic sheep purposes . 
  probably none at all . 
  what it would create is a serious reduction in prices in the eu . 
  there is a threat of a referendum . 
  people are being less silly . 
  euroscepticism is something we can afford when our position in europe is n't in doubt . 
  my bet is that every non-murdoch aligned paper will find a renewed love of europe ( though the dm will say something like `` despite us still hating it we must unequivocally support the in vote '' ) . 
  every political party other than ukip will officially back the in vote . 
  the tvs will be flooded with in vote propaganda . 
  it is rather sad that we must rely on this but there is no way the sceptics will overpower the propaganda machine that will line up behind the pro-eu campaign . 
  none of those notes are legal tender . 
  people can reject them . 
  the only legally recognised notes are boe notes . 
  a giant image of napoleon . 
  they are all fluent in lying . 
  the biggest lie being when they tell the truth . 
  because when they say 2 + 2 is 4 they are actually telling us that 2 + 2 is not 4 . 
  if it was ancient norse i 'd be up for that . 
  provided we get to borrow thor and odin . 
  christianity is so boring and norse religion seems awesome . 
  naturally there will be a holy war with those reviving zeus . 
  except it will be on a football pitch . 
  it is n't even accent so much as dialects . 
  particularly as some regions have stuff like rhyming slang . 
  combined eu expenditure accounts for about 30 % of the worlds military spending . 
  admittedly the us spends about 60 % . 
  i doubt it . 
  the us unlike are are moving with the times and sees a larger strategic power struggle in which they 'd like the eu as allies . 
  there is a `` special relationship '' however it is firmly based in real politik . 
  some people seem to believe the us will be happy and unwavering no matter what we do . 
  that is nonsense . 
  you can only properly insult people you like . 
  something we forgot to teach the americans . 
  you ca n't really find loopholes with a capital adequacy requirement . 
  it stops banks from feeding into a bubble at the bottom and naturally brings about the pop before it becomes dangerous . 
  the loop hole for a tobin tax is to trade in nyc . 
  i 'm in favour of regulating the financial market but not via a tobin tax . 
  there are less discriminatory measures that can be taken like increasing basic capital adequacy requirements * . 
  they would also be less disruptive to the market . 
  * which essentially lowers the cap of how crazy bubbles can get . 
  something which a tobin tax does nothing to achieve . 
  yeah and the uk has criticised israeli settlements , passed a unsc resolution condemning the settlements . 
  we 've also openly accused israel of intentionally sabotaging the peace process . 
  what do you want exactly ? 
  good on the germans . 
  i hope they do n't buy into the nonsense we are hearing in the uk about needing to be more like china . 
  hard to say until a new election . 
  i think the dem part of the party is dead . 
  they will maintain the traditional liberal voters . 
  they may as well rebrand as the liberal party . 
  it could even win them votes . 
  the people who are rioting feel more british than mainland british people . 
  as a brit i find it really strange that a debate over britishness is happening over flat waving . 
  an activity most british people find distasteful . 
  i ca n't point to many traits that unify british people but we shudder slightly at overt nationalism . 
  to see ni shout about assaulting their britishness over a flag is very surreal . 
  actually you 'll find it is germany who are closely aligned with israel and the uk how have been the most critical of any european nation of them . 
  the only unsc resolution on israel to pass was authored by britain . 
  admittedly this is because they pissed us off rather than because we are nice ethical people . 
  the real problem is it all kicked off at a time where britain was pretending we could down arms again . 
  if it happened today britain would probably have intervened and stopped the greek coup . 
  in turn this would have stopped turkey . 
  at the time however we failed badly and that is why cyprus is as it is . 
  of course turkey and greece can be blamed but the treaty explicitly recognised that neither of them can be trusted with regards to cyprus . 
  we were meant to be the guys standing in the middle . 
  france was a net recipient before the rebate . 
  it 's agricultural sector is that large . 
  it would n't be a recipient today because of enlargement but it was back when britain was the second highest contributor despite being one of the poorest nations in the union at the time . 
  are you honestly saying britain should n't have fought napoleon ? 
  he was n't some cool guy who wanted european integration . 
  he was a conqueror who did n't hold referenda on the nations who were encouraged to sign up with him . 
  nearly every `` unify europe '' force britain fought in that period was horrific . 
  whereas britain has never tried to conquer europe . 
  as some who recognises we were entirely right about the euro this is nonsense . 
  the eurozone has gone through the pain and while i think they have a way to go the correct approach now is onwards . 
  not to mention it would destroy europe to go backwards . 
  they do n't have a choice now . 
  it was intended to ensure germany were forever tied to the eu in exchange for french support for reunification . 
  it achieved its purpose . 
  it was the right thing for britain to stay out for both sides but abolition is an incredibly silly idea . 
  to be fair france only contributes to the eu budget because of the british rebate .
