  he went in and probably got lucky that he invaded a week after harald hardrada . 
  the army was n't really defeated because the settlement with charles ii meant that parliament paid for the army . 
  given that parliament was paying their bills the army naturally sided with parliament when they said `` you guys just stand over there and let this dude invade us '' . 
   10 fanatics beats 20 nationalist  10 nationalists beats 20 soldiers in what world ? 
  most of the nations where simple fanatics have knocked over governments have been rotten weak institutions like weimar germany , the late russia empire or permanently crippled nations like italy . 
   but it continues to delude itself into thinking it is n't possible . 
  i do n't think anyone doubts that it is possible . 
  there are just too varied goals . 
  germany does n't care about the world outside the continent and is pacifist . 
  france and uk have compatible outlooks but specific aims are out of sync right now . 
   in iraq , the us generals had to use like 5 phones when they wanted to talk to the europeans . 
  this is n't true , communication protocols are common across nato . 
  the biggest problem in recent campaigns has actually been the f-22 . 
  it is unable to communicate with the rest of nato , including the prior f-x planes , due to its fancy laser communication system nobody else has . 
   similarly , you ca n't just pick up your mate 's weapon if he 's from a different state because you wo n't have ammo nor know how to use it . 
  nato standard munitions have been used by everyone for decades on end . 
  russia would lose badly in a war with europe . 
  their spending is already at an absurd fraction of gdp . 
  europe can basically quintuple their military spending in a prolonged war . 
  russia can not . 
  russia are already on constant war time levels of spending . 
  indeed it is entirely intentional that not everyone has the same compositions . 
  the eastern members are rightly focusing on their ground power . 
  if they ever needed air support that could easily be provided by western powers but getting ground support there in time to be useful is not going to be easy . 
  it is more about making sure everyone is contributing however they are able . 
  is there finally something france and us agree on ? 
  now i 'm beginning to question my alcoholism ... 
  cavity as in holes in a wall . 
  why have they sprayed industrial cavity filler on those biscuits ? 
  do american 's love capitalism so much they literally eat industry ? 
  those people are obviously sober and thus riddled with failure . 
  there is only one l in that name . 
  ll is a different letter . 
  the map is slanderous lies . 
  tbh we tend to split our alcohol consumption too many ways to top everything . 
  just like we are n't actually top at tea drinking but are top 5 in both tea and coffee consumption . 
  think it is the other way around . 
  the name was becoming popular and that is why doctor who picked it . 
  besides given my general thoughts about amy pond i will in no way be calling any daughters amelia . 
  latvia has been hoarding the potatoes ( that is why no potato ) . 
  once they have enough , surprise invasion of russia . 
  british erasmus relationships . 
  two british students meet each other in the british erasmus enclave in spain , get married . 
  today i 'm learning they have this great scheme where you go abroad and have sex with people of other nationalities . 
  why does n't the eu publicise this more when talking about the wonders of the union ? 
  it would end euroscepticism overnight !, 
  are they ? 
  i mean you 'd expect a bigger number for one than the other . 
  in the general case people do n't see nations . 
  they see people . 
  which is ironic because the famous `` british culture '' was an artificial construct designed to be above the petty notions of regional culture . 
   repression of emotions only leads to living on ~ ~ antidepressants ~ ~ beer in the long run now you understand british society . 
  we also used to do this whole empire thing as a creative outlet . 
  just seems absurd that you have to pay a fee to not be involved in a religious society . 
  even if it makes economic sense , being not involved in something should always be free . 
  the cost of deregistration should be covered by the taxes raised to fund the church . 
  you have to pay to be an atheist in germany ? 
  to the west . 
  not really . 
  i shower every morning and on gym days after the gym ( currently 5 times a week ) . 
  it is pretty inappropriate no matter whether thatcher is a good leader or not . 
  madrid have unnecessarily inserted themselves in a political holy war . 
  there needs to be a lmgtfy equivalent that does n't do the irritating typing effect . 
  it has jenny mccarthy in it . 
  most nazi jokes in the uk these days are aimed at british people rather than at germans . 
  ever since fawlty towers it has become normal to make fun of the basil fawlty 's of the nation . 
  tunisia : ca n't have a new roman empire without owning carthage . 
  yes but this is why the german cultural aversion to cards is worth keeping around . 
  if most people do n't use them then it is harder to factor that cost into the price . 
  we have our own traditions . 
  like all being experts at machiavelli without ever having read the prince . 
  every year we get together and ceremonially stab each other in the back . 
  some of us are even smart enough to pretend we are joking . 
  we do n't do kilts and pipes in wales . 
  some weirdos tried to create a tradition but were told to fuck off as is appropriate . 
  if the snp win another majority in holyrood you can expect them to push for another referendum . 
  especially if they put independence on their manifesto . 
  it is so incredibly hard to win an outright majority in the scottish parliament that any such victory can be seen as a strong mandate for such a vote . 
  it really depends on how much westminster reneges on all the promises made by the no campaign . 
  you need time to make sure the result is correct !, 
  russia could n't even conquer georgia that quickly . 
  unlike gladiator which was an historically factual tour de force . 
  remember when marcus aurelius dissolved the roman empire in 180 ad ? 
  admittedly commodus did fancy himself a gladiator and was widely renown as a complete tosser . 
  scotland is a union between 4 petty kingdoms broken down on racial grounds . 
  the scotti ( irish gaelic speakers ) , the picts ( non-romanised brythonic speakers from scotland ) , strathclyde ( romanised brythonic speakers , specifically the dialect we now know as old welsh ) and lothian ( angles ) . 
  lots of races going on there . 
  i do n't see any reason scotland would suddenly surrender to napoleon just because they go independent . 
  the pain to get around is exactly the point . 
  if everyone made capital investment decisions based upon geography then half the worlds cities would n't exist . 
  new york is a planning nightmare . 
  london is literally built upon quick sand . 
  rome is stuck in some incredibly weird place . 
  you can deal with these situations with investment . 
  something wales has only had since 1997 and mainly due to eu investment that westminster actively resisted . 
  the current infrastructure in wales is only fit for leaving wales . 
  is it any wonder there is no economy when you ca n't even move in wales unless your intent is to get to london ? 
  wales is a net drain on the economy because of centuries of under investment . 
  during the industrial revolution most areas of the uk got a fair chunk of the money they generated back in terms of investment . 
  wales did n't .
