  imagine germany being asked to bail out the uk . 
  hell imagine trying to bully the uk the same way greece are currently being shoved around . 
  it could have caused ww3 . 
  it would have been disastrous . 
  the time to listen to the uk was before the euro was formed . 
  if adequate protection could have been put in place beforehand we may not be here now facing a split in the eu . 
  there were loads of indications . 
  the euro has operated exactly as those opposed said it would . 
  a super state is 100 % inevitable now . 
  i 'm still not sure which side i 'm on in that particular debate . 
  however the eurosceptics had their analysis of what would happen spot on . 
  it just takes decades to see such things through . 
  honestly they made nostradamus look like an amateur . 
  to be so accurate on any economic policy is incredibly rare . 
  we 've had this discussion over on r/uk . 
  the main reason we have perpetual `` in but not in '' members like norway and switzerland is the uk has championed that cause . 
  france has always been opposed . 
  the uk ca n't really leave and rely on a mechanism that only we are fundamentally in favour of . 
  even the norway position was supposed to be temporary but was made permanent thanks to a lot of uk activism . 
  at best other members are lukewarm to this . 
  many are hostile . 
  the first road bump could easily see france pushing a `` get in or get out '' movement . 
  i 'm becoming convinced that if eurosceptics want a vote we should support them in it . 
  the av referendum was `` look at pippa 's bum . 
  oh there is a vote tomorrow . 
  best vote no because i do n't know what it is '' . 
  no europe is not a paradise . 
  i think it would be incredibly deleterious to europe to be overly smug about whatever position we have . 
  if europe has any strength it is built upon dissatisfaction rather than on back slapping . 
  we should never be content with being content . 
  if we want europe to be great we must always insist that it is n't and work to fix the inherent issues . 
  christians maybe not . 
  jewish people have their own religious arbitration courts . 
  islam has a particular problem because of the compulsion . 
  we are right to give thought to how we can deal with that compulsion . 
  however if we deny islam the normal mechanisms then it 'll go further underground and we 'll be less able to regulate it . 
  i personally see it that the usual uk liberty in choosing how you resolve civil disputes is part of the solution rather than part of the problem . 
  once you have official sharia arbitration you have the power to oversee it and protect people from being compelled to take part . 
  i 'm not talking about a `` renegotiate '' option . 
  i 'm talking a straight up put up or shut up . 
  europe is still the plurality of our trade . 
  it may not be bigger than all the other sectors put together any more . 
  it is still the biggest though . 
  he is also badly misrepresenting the relationship switzerland and norway have with the eu . 
  switzerland and norway are more or less vassals of the eu at this moment . 
  the human rights laws are not even part of the eu . 
  britain was part of the echr before joining the eu . 
  hell we wrote the convention . 
  it still strikes me as incredible that a treaty largely written by winston churchill is the cornerstone of the argument that europe is infecting britain . 
  we imposed the echr on the defeated enemies after ww2 . 
  it is like invading a nation then demanding they stop hurting you . 
  there is one right wing think tank that pretty much writes every story in our media on the subject . 
  it has been a sustained campaign of lies for quite a while with this intended end result . 
  i honestly think the only hope for pro-europeans is to try and force a raw `` in/out '' vote . 
  last time that happened all the worlds mega-corporations basically drown the `` in '' campaign in money . 
  it feels underhanded to use the same trickery against the sceptics but reality will be formed by it one way or another . 
   missing from the domestic debate has been any recognition of the change of mood among other europeans . 
  in their demands for special treatment , the calculation of successive british governments has been that more federally-minded europeans would bend to the threat of britain 's departure . 
  there was some truth in this . 
  but the euro crisis has presented these leaders with more urgent priorities than indulging the veto-waving british . 
  part of this is previous changes we 've enforced on europe have been unquestionably good . 
  forcing the french to end the rule of closed cliques . 
  the establishment of a proper democratic body . 
  opening up the market for trade . 
  it is all a good idea and people recognise it even if we 've essentially bullied the french block into accepting it . 
  the politics in europe are weird . 
  people fed up with the way france operates wanted britain to bully the union a bit ( provided the goal was sensible ) . 
  it gives political room to do what had to be done . 
  cameron did not do anything that was fundamentally a good idea for europe as a whole . 
  he threw his weight around on entirely self interested grounds . 
  he got nothing out of it as a result . 
  cameron actually believed britain had more sway than it did . 
  now we have less than we actually had . 
  as it is cameron has n't the guts or the vision to see that he needs to back down . 
  britain will put in a ridiculous set of demands . 
  the rest of europe will possibly kick us out . 
  a future british government will humiliate itself to get us back in . 
  if that is the plan then someone in europe needs to redo their sums . 
  the euro is still up and the greek economic holocaust caused by austerity is shrinking their tax base faster than their spending cuts . 
  this is the self fulfilling prophecy of austerity cuts come to life in real time . 
  greece are messed up for a very long time by this . 
  same with the uk . 
  massively ahead on the medal table but looks comparable because the uk athlete population is spread out . 
  you still are n't allowed to insult your opposition in the uk . 
  you have to be clever about doing it without anyone immediately recognising you did . 
  not sure why he should be unhappy . 
  such language would n't be tolerated in the uk parliament . 
  he supposedly stands for all that is great and good about the uk . 
  unparliamentary language is a solid british institution and he should be happy the eu has a similar concept . 
  ireland has never been neutral . 
  in ww2 you were neutral in that both uk and german pows were given free reign of the country . 
  it was just a touch convenient that one of those nations shared a border . 
  some parts yes . 
  other parts no . 
  it was britain who shattered the `` in group '' who were more equal than others . 
  half the reason britain has had a poor relationship with the eu is for years 12 core members made decisions without talking to us and then presented treaties for us to sign . 
  britain says no a lot because until recently that was the only influence we had . 
  this seems to be trying to re-establish a new in group which would be a terrible thing for the union . 
  it is accurate though . 
  the main reason the eu is undemocratic is that the body appointed directly by the heads of government is the one that holds the power .
