  i do n't think anyone complains about the intent . 
  however there are less broken measures that could be taken . 
  for instance putting a penalty charge on higher rated vacuums . 
  have the manufacturer pay $ 5 for every 100w over the limit . 
  that cost gets passed on . 
  consumer makes a judgement call on whether they really need a 40gw vacuum cleaner . 
  manufacturers then have an incentive to do more with less . 
  i do n't think military initiatives are at issue here . 
  i mean some degree of expansion into the eastern members that want it could be looked at . 
  if only to put `` facts on the ground '' that strengthen the alliance ( i.e. 
  any attack on poland probably sees american mothers burying their dead as well , makes it politically impossible for article v to be ignored ) . 
  i 'm more interested in the measures taken economically . 
  france actually wants an eu army . 
  their current position is that they want co-operation with european armies but will basically rather have an alliance with the uk than one with less reliable partners ( without the uk ) . 
  the current uk position is that the german norm is completely incompatible with a military alliance . 
  it is hard to share responsibility for defence with a partner who think the munich agreement was a good idea rather than a warning to future generations about the price of appeasement . 
  so the french say `` ok entente it is '' , britain is happy that at least the military strength of europe remains in the hands of britain and france , the us looks on exacerbated as no sign of general european responsibility for defence takes place . 
  personally i 'd like to see the entente extend to a larger european alliance but it is hard to see how you do that without treading on the toes of the eu . 
  that is the real danger . 
  there is nobody waiting in the wings . 
  if putin goes then russia goes with him . 
  it 'd be a new 90s all over again for them . 
  it would basically be ukraine surrendering to the standard russian strategy of splitting off little satellites to cripple the sovereignty of the nation at large . 
  i think ukraine should counter with a straight up offer of an in/out referendum for eastern ukraine , provided the rebels stand down . 
  according to polling they 'd actually win such a referendum easily . 
  a european army would be crippled by germany 's national impression of neville chamberlain . 
  that is , as it always has been , the biggest barrier to more european military integration . 
  i 'm in favour of a free market . 
  particularly i believe government interference in a market is not a good thing . 
  the french are great at inventing reasons to make a market protected . 
  because that is exactly what happened when everyone was doing it . 
  do n't need much manipulation when you are owned by the kremlin . 
  saying the leaders have no say is a bit bizarre . 
  merkel 's complaints were always going to fall on deaf ears because germany barely contributes to the alliance . 
  i think they understand it just fine . 
  nobody has ever claimed that mercantilism ca n't give you a local advantage . 
  it just ruins the world economy if everyone does it . 
  of course bases will help . 
  they wo n't stop anything but running over a nato base with american soldiers is an outright guarantee that article v will be honoured . 
  not when we cut them off from the credit card vendors . 
  nah england will do boring things like keeping their cbs back defending rather than going on winding runs up the field . 
  nobody is talking about war . 
  there is n't a need for war . 
  we can reduce russia to the stone age via sanctions if they do n't act like a civilised nation . 
  well it is n't just that they murdered him . 
  the whole issue was a massive embarrassment for the intelligence services . 
  we 're generally quite good at the spying game but russia straight up murdered somebody directly dealing with us . 
  how can it be a war crime when there is no legal war . 
  the geneva convention does n't extend to illegal actions such as those being taken by the russian military . 
  one side is trying to appease an aggressive neighbour . 
  another is trying to do something about them . 
  germany might be content with a russian empire that expands but nobody else is . 
  remember russia have been on our shit list since litvinenko . 
   more british leadership in the eu could be good imho particularly when we face a crisis of military and security . 
  is n't this exactly that ? 
  we 're hardly playing the role of appeaser here . 
  the whole concept of buffer states is pretty silly frankly . 
  they do n't really provide any barrier . 
  well the inflation target is 2 % but under german pressure the ecb has been ignoring its own rules . 
  or at least skirting them . 
  germany has a large reserve of gas . 
  the russian contracts are fixed size so germany stashes the excess they do n't burn . 
  merkel is n't stupid . 
  she knows what is going on . 
  she 's playing the role of chamberlain for a german population terrified of conflict . 
  it is to do with the euro . 
  german fears that the intentional policy of the weimar republic to hyperinflate their currency could somehow be accidentally achieved dominates ecb policy . 
  no other country in the world believes this is possible and in fact believes it is insane . 
  every hyperinflation story in history has been driven by governments doing weird things . 
  nah even the british empire hated him . 
  the only reason he sided with the british empire was he was fucking a loyalist . 
  was n't even his own convictions . 
  he betrayed the us for sex and money . 
  nobody likes traitors at the best of times . 
  cromwell literally created the parliamentary system that persists to this day . 
  he screwed stuff up , took some evil actions but he got a lot right . 
   i wonder why merkel does n't listen to your two sentence argument against austerity . 
  probably because like most politicians she is welded to her position via gut instinct rather than a rational judgement of what is going on out there . 
  the fact that the evidence , particularly economic slow down in germany , is running contrary to her expectations should be a trigger for humility and reconsideration . 
  yes but at the expense of everyone else . 
  predictably . 
  austerity and internal devaluation is a negative sum game . 
  the only way to actually counter it is for everyone to then internally devalue . 
  it worked for germany 10 years ago at the expense of everyone else . 
  now the poorer nations are doing it and it is hurting the richer nations . 
  the end result of this is just poverty . 
  whoever she listens to she should certainly look out the window and perceive the results at some point . 
  predictions were made about what would happen with austerity . 
  at the moment the people who 's predictions are coming true are the ones merkel ignored . 
  maybe she should listen to those people rather than pretending her policies are sane . 
  sadly as is usual with political economics this nonsense will continue until merkel 's political capital is destroyed and she is replaced . 
  exact predictions in fields like this are impossible . 
  however no matter how troublesome the field usually you trust the best predictions of experts over your own guess work . 
  that is the problem . 
  yes economists do n't have a great track record . 
  merkel has no track record ( other than helping to depress the european economy ) . 
  loads of economists foresaw the crisis . 
  they were just being ignored by politicians who wanted to ride the bubble train . 
  well they are wrong . 
  if the only viable way forward is to tank the european economy i 'd rather go sideways or something .
