  the final 4 cl teams would run over all the teams left in the world cup . 
  yellow = poor europe red = communists green = rich europe blue = vikings, 
  if it rained on farage he 'd blame a eu conspiracy . 
  i would n't take anything he says too seriously . 
  pigs was the title given to portugal , italy , greece and spain during the crisis ( ireland too , it was actually piigs ) . 
  fuck the french have beaten us . 
  quick declare war on iraq !, 
   i am a firm believer that in politics you should only pick the battles you at least stand a chance of winning napoleon said it best . 
  one should never forbid what one lacks the power to prevent . 
  if italy go out it 'll be pigs all over again . 
  fortunately the italians are doing well so that headline wo n't appear . 
  yes . 
  the brackets were pre-empting the inevitable `` you could say a final solution '' comments . 
  i think society genuinely does n't know how to deal with nomads who are semi-invisible to the state and unanswerable to society . 
  it is an unsolved problem . 
  well the first two are entirely private issues . 
  i 'd naturally be concerned when a government starts prying into what are private issues . 
  to be fair it is a very complicated problem with no viable solution ( final or otherwise ) . 
  you need to bribe the anti-corruption people before you can bribe everyone else . 
  i think people are becoming aware that there is no shining future we are denying ourselves for the benefit of filthy foreigners . 
  that the downsides of the eu are also downsides of every other half way viable way forward . 
  i 'd support attaching externalities to co2 producing energy sources . 
  however china and india basically said `` fuck that '' so to do it means all our industry will move to china . 
  the political situation being that raising energy prices to that of wind in general is suicidal . 
  nuclear got trounced by # 30 a barrel oil and even with # 100 a barrel oil it still costs more than twice as much per joule to generate electricity . 
  once you attach all the stuff that makes it safe the price skyrockets . 
  which is why edf are being subsidised to the same tune as wind farms to build plants in the uk . 
  they were demonstrating that the fail safe would work if you turned off all the safety features . 
  fail safe turned out not to work . 
  never test your nuclear bomb live . 
  the safety debate is a red herring . 
  nuclear plants are n't built because they are incredibly expensive . 
  belgium is the land of crossfire . 
  i doubt it is anything to do with foreign policy manoeuvring . 
  britain pretty much fired the first shot in what china perceives as an era of repeated humiliation by the west . 
  they 've long acted in this particular manner with us . 
  moldova might become richer . 
  then it will abandon glorious revolution . 
  it is the most effective and determined plan taken up by an italian since the roman empire . 
  nor do ukip really . 
  the only threat ukip pose is if they generate enough noise that eurosceptics in the major parties dominate . 
  that is somewhat happening for the tories . 
  labour have avoided this fate so far . 
  obviously estonia should go back to its nordic roots and create greater estonia . 
  it is n't feminism . 
  it is social conservatism . 
  effectively the government dictates to women what they can and cant do with their bodies . 
  i 'm sure if you label the group doing the dictating as feminist it is perfectly fine for a third party to own you though . 
  i mean feminists are allowed to own third party women who might not agree with them . 
  thing is if it was at 3pm i could have skivved off and watched it in one of the meeting rooms . 
  world cup matches should fall entirely within 9-5 as defined by the only measure of time that matters !, 
  you mean you did n't buy a beer fridge solely for this tournament ? 
  the benefit of buying a second beer fridge is you get to keep it after the tournament has ended !, 
  most united fans still love ronaldo . 
  i 'm annoyed that i will be in work when this starts . 
  why ca n't brazil have nice civilised time zones ? 
  as a united fan i 'm cheering you guys on . 
  for the greater glory of lvg !, 
  where are the western tanks in ukrainian hands ? 
  30 years war , napoleonic wars , wars of german unification ( at least some of them ) , etc. 
  sweden and the uk have actually been friends during a war with each other . 
  the truth is protests are unlikely to change anything . 
  what they do is keep the issue in the public consciousness so that when the revolution comes on election day people will be aware . 
  kyrgyzstan was nowhere near western standards with or without the ussr . 
  even hitler played by some set of rules . 
  massive unemployment . 
  much lower than the ussr had at any point . 
  as for debt , why do you think the ussr collapsed ? 
  it is worth noting that the failed capitalist states are more successful than the ussr was at its prime . 
  even greece right now is much , much better off than any part of the ussr was . 
  there are rugby matches on for me to watch . 
  i 'll probably watch the occasional england game to decide if i 'm going to need to dodge the media or something for a few days/weeks/months / decades . 
  pre-emptive collaboration !, 
  i think it is you are n't allowed to cut people 's brains up if you are drunk . 
  did n't know vengaboys were from the netherlands . 
  i refuse to accept they are anything but amazing . 
  i actually saw them in minehead last year . 
  had no idea they were going to be there until they were on stage . 
  iraq has little or nothing to do with eastern europe . 
  everyone accepts it was bullshit . 
   that 's because , basking in your own self-righteousness , you do n't bother looking deep enough into russian interests to determine , first of all the facts , and secondly , opinions that support russian positions . 
  the russian position seems to be that they need a buffer zone to ensure they are safe . 
  my point is that russia is so crucial to our interests that it would be safe anyway . 
  according to political compass i 'm neutral good http://www.politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-0.25&amp;soc=-6.67, 
  do you know how to shut down the ports to britain though ? 
  loads of us actually prefer coffee . 
  it is either eea or some kind of free trade agreement . 
  the problem with the latter is our competitive advantage is services . 
  this probably wo n't be covered under any free trade agreement . 
  that option is still there for them . 
  the truth is nato sees russia as a critical strategic partner in all manner of international issues . 
  why russia is concerned about nato when we need them for so many things is something i can not comprehend . 
  is this the same as the mythical general guarantee against eastern expansion ? 
   nato is the world 's strongest alliance and has proven over the decades that it can adjust to new threat scenarios . 
  its philosophy is to use its position of strength to engage in dialogue . 
  the hand that has been extended to russia has to come from a position of strength . 
  that is the most interesting and obvious comment in the whole piece . 
  really we ca n't even begin to start setting out the terms for normalisation until it is beyond question that nato , not russia , is the bear in the region . 
  swim in despair at the yet again useless british summer . 
  right now the weather is warm enough that i regret not fixing my aircon but not dry enough to justify preparing the garden for bbq .
