  every single immigrant i 've ever met has come to the uk . 
  i do n't have an observer bias at all !, 
  that territory was always british . 
  they and we just did n't realise it until the appropriate time . 
  do n't need to get rid of it . 
  just put a union jack in the corner . 
  the economic damage thus far has been done by the market . 
  the truth is we are far too entwined with russia to take meaningful measures without the lights going off in a number of european nations . 
  disengagement , rearmament and new deployments take time . 
   a political row has broken out over the electrification of railway lines in the south wales valleys sounds like wales . 
  it happens when every town has to be its own council . 
  we 'll send matt smith and benedict cumberbatch to liberate donetsk immediately . 
  of course putin had no choice but to annex some random chunk of the nation after that . 
  you realise the vote basically had `` join russia '' and `` leave the ukraine '' as options ? 
  they may as well have just put the first option on the ballot . 
  he was posting a lot of childish crap about how israel is justified in destroying civilian infrastructure as retaliation for some palestinians being murderous idiots . 
  then he basically begged everyone to downvote him . 
  it was a pretty obvious troll to begin with . 
  i am impressed by the level of dedication given to the trolling though . 
  the ukraine election will be watched more intently than just about any other election in history . 
  just to highlight the complete absurdity of the russian position . 
   never once did the west call for a proper referendum with international monitors in crimea because they knew they would lose the referendum anyway . 
  the last polls on the issue suggested the majority of crimeans wanted to stay in the ukraine . 
  the pro-russian party the current pm is from had 4 % of the vote at the last election . 
   those who vote decide nothing . 
  those who count the vote decide everything . 
  just calling something a referendum does n't make it legitimate . 
  that is why ukraine needs to quickly bring about a new election under international monitors . 
  of course even if the referendum was entirely in good faith the dodgy question that was asked robs it of legitimacy anyway . 
  no referendum that lacks a `` everything is good thanks '' option can ever be legitimate . 
  btw this is why i dislike the tories plan to offer a referendum on either accepting their renegotiated europe or leaving . 
  most of the public like the eu policies they want to abolish . 
  there is zero relationship between the policies . 
  that is like me saying `` what is the justification for hitler '' when asked why i parked like an idiot this morning . 
  well poland is asking for it . 
  that was the bulk of his post . 
  it is the standard `` we are completely unjustified so will just attack those criticising us '' . 
  if they could justify their policies there would be less of this bullshit . 
  retaliation is not a justification for destroying civilian infrastructure . 
  we are aware that israel has a policy of collective punishment . 
  we are saying it is vile . 
  the israeli policy is quite openly abhorrent . 
  maybe an election would be enough . 
  i 'm saying agree in principle but hold off the signing until legitimacy is established . 
   first , there is no american equivalent of / r/europe there is / r/murica, 
  well there are finns in russia and have you seen the alcoholism rate in finland !, 
  obviously these people are being abused . 
  you guys should invade crimea . 
  i 'm not sure about this . 
  any association agreement should probably be tied to an election and referendum on the issue . 
  there should be an association in principle ( yes i 'm aware of the dangers of engagements for engagements of engagements ) but we need to make sure the legitimacy of this move is absolutely beyond question . 
  otherwise we are in danger of just being as guilty as russia . 
  the uk sees parliament as a place where you keep stupid people out of harms way . 
  so 0 trust and near pure distrust . 
  there is n't really much room for ep to be worse . 
  right now a large number of nations are using gas for baseload . 
  if we reduce this then the eu gets closer to gas autarky . 
  also with continued efforts towards a european grid we have more options beyond just ramping up and down . 
  the larger the grid you have the smoother the overall power usage and more and more looks like baseload . 
  the crazy thing is russia did this thinking it would get the germans off their back . 
  cool we 'll do some annexing with germany and then we 'll all be mates . 
  if they had n't then nazi germany would probably be a footnote in history . 
  germans are trying to be less interested in belgium . 
  rome might want to restart the league of cambrai . 
  european nuclear project please . 
  these are the people ukrainians have been changing to . 
  they 've been empowered by the corruption of the mainstream parties . 
  i foresee suicide in somebodies future . 
  taking the turkish straits is completely impossible . 
  they 'd have to ethnically cleanse a city of 14m people . 
  nobody is going to stand around while they do that . 
  i would n't take an oath if it did n't include the queen . 
  the whole concept of an oath is daft . 
  of course conscription is also a daft idea so perhaps oaths and conscription are good company . 
  conscription is a bad idea because it cripples your military and institutes slavery simultaneously . 
  the austro-prussian war happened in 1866 . 
  we should not still be debating why slave soldiers are usually terrible at war . 
  i think there needs to be some kind of settlement with iran as the price of pursuing sanctions against russia . 
  there is a clear cut option there . 
  iran has n't invaded a foreign country for centuries . 
  russia do it every 3/4 years . 
  russia does n't have much modern in this regard . 
  also even the vaunted precision strike capabilities of the us ca n't really do much about infantry that is n't marching in columns . 
  their infrastructure is tents and they can hide in mountains where cruise missiles ca n't go . 
  tbh infantry have been having a bit of a renaissance because nobody has invented the flesh seeking missile yet . 
  i 've been opposed to nuclear in the uk because it only makes cost sense if you basically nationalise the whole thing and run the entire country on it long term . 
  something we 'll never do in ordinary circumstances . 
  with russia behaving like idiots it is time to actually declare energy security a national security issue and produce a national nuclear energy body . 
  if moldova really does n't care about transnistria can it force the issue by unilaterally giving them independence ? 
  the short term is not the focus . 
  the next decade we must plan to disentangle ourselves from russian energy dependence . 
  who said anything about what we need to do ? 
  britain and france were not obligated to defend czechoslovakia . 
  it was just in their long term interests to do so . 
  this is a pattern of behaviour for putin . 
  he 's made increasingly bold moves . 
  if he annexes crimea and nobody does anything he 'll happily take abkhazia , south ossetia and transnistria . 
  it wo n't be the end , it 'll be the beginning . 
  if ukraine is invaded i full expect us to seek peace in our time , again . 
  it is n't a joke if russia has a history of it .
