  germany is a country that remodelled itself on neville chamberlain . 
  not sure . 
  we still remember when we had to help bankrupt the spanish empire . 
  i think he underestimated the western response and overestimated how much support he 'd get from ukraine . 
  germany was actually losing ground . 
  in the 1870s germany was the most powerful land force in the world . 
  by the 1910s not so much . 
  every other military in europe undertook reforms and germany was at the last moment possible if they were going to dominate the continent . 
  that was their cassus belli . 
  france wanted alsace-lorraine back . 
  britain wanted germany out of our seas . 
  russia wanted to erase the embarrassment of losing to japan . 
  austria wanted to be relevant . 
  all sides had their causes but nobody wanted to attack germany because it was on its way to power . 
  if anything this was the moment where germany no longer needed to be placated at all costs . 
  whereas for germany it was the final chance for victory . 
  if anything the problem with the entente was we dithered . 
  britain in particular gave out very strong noises that we 'd leave france to its fate . 
  the whole thing escalated in a context in which britain was carefully positioning itself to avoid war . 
  then we changed our mind in the last minute . 
  the entente did not want war at the time regardless . 
  germany 's moment in the sun was actually passing . 
  with french and russian military reforms it was quickly reaching the point where the balance of power in europe would have permanently turned against germany . 
  in essence , all france had to do was wait to dominate the continent . 
  yeah iceland told savers in other european countries `` fuck you '' to protect their own banks . 
  they did n't rob the banks , they robbed pensioners . 
  the scottish referendum got closer and closer as time went on . 
  this one has gone from what looked like an uncontested eurosceptic victory when the vote was announced to an uncontested pro-european victory . 
  i think it has caught eurosceptics off guard exactly how the countries mood has changed when the media stopped telling lies about europe . 
  it is their mps fault if they put holding a cosy cabinet position above doing their duty as mp . 
  they are cabinet ministers and have to either support the collective decision of the cabinet or leave it . 
  same thing happened with the iraq war . 
  politicians that wanted to vote against the government had to leave the cabinet . 
  turkey would be backed up by nato who 'd wipe the floor with russia in the air . 
  if they do n't see turkey as a threat then they are delusional . 
  the ottoman 's managed to shut the british empire off from the black sea during ww1 and the gulf between naval capabilities there was much larger . 
  they ca n't control the black sea from there . 
  turkey can shut it down with impunity which is the main reason they are in nato . 
  antwerp 's cocaine performance is suffering compared to its rivals . 
  yeah and by historical standards these amount to getting a grazed knee . 
  beef has n't tasted as nice since they got rid of the horse . 
  the truth is russia have already achieved what they set out to achieve . 
  making reorienting to the west so economically painful it will offset the benefits of not running a banana economy like theirs . 
  ukraine will take a decade to get back to where they were even if they do everything right . 
  germany are the biggest problem with defence integration . 
  honestly all planning for european defence needs to be constructed around the principle that germany wo n't do anything . 
  that is why france are so keen on the alliance with britain . 
  i 'm being ultra-pragmatic about the whole thing . 
  i 'm happy the money is on my side for once . 
  if people feel strongly they could be out campaigning for their side . 
  money is just bodies on the street in the end . 
  du du du du . 
  du du du du du . 
  du du du du . 
  italy is n't a proper country . 
  all is glorious milan . 
  what has europe ever done for me ? 
  i said at the time they started castigating greece , the cost of actually just bailing greece out would be cheaper than what this eventually costs . 
  i underestimated by how much . 
  if the eu had acted quickly they 'd have said `` the eu spent all this money on greece and nothing happened . 
  no economic collapse . 
  why did we need to do this ? '' . 
  you ca n't win with economics because the counter factual can never be known . 
  there is nothing . 
  we already have a veto on ever closer union . 
  france have a long standing policy that they are n't doing anything with regards to defence that does n't include us anyway . 
  that is why all talk of an eu army is a non-starter . 
  the french policy is `` with britain however , ideally eu aligned with nato '' . 
  the british policy is `` britain-france alliance as part of nato '' . 
  the german policy is `` what is defence ? '' . 
  if britain was in the euro the financial crisis could have led to absolutely any outcome . 
  the eu was very , very lucky that we did not join the currency union . 
  yeah children are held in trust . 
  trust can be violated . 
  thresholds have been seen as verboten in british politics since the first scottish devolution referendum was defeated because the no vote organised a stay at home campaign . 
  a rebellion saw a turn out clause added and all the people who wanted to defeat it had to do was not turn up . 
  the one advantage the out campaign have is their demographic also tends to vote more . 
  however a huge gap is developing that will be hard to overcome . 
  farage is pretty much hated by anyone who is n't already voting ukip though . 
  the election should tell you where that is likely to go . 
  he is not a pro for the campaign . 
  the sceptics will need somebody who can attract middle of the road voters and that is n't farage . 
  he 's toxic to the middle ground . 
  the funding is all one sided . 
  absolutely nobody in the public eye other than maybe farage will be supporting leaving the eu come the months before the election . 
  we 've literally taken the piss out of germans and frenchmen since ve day . 
  far rarer though . 
  communist economies were always good at finding something for people to do . 
  finding something useful otoh ... 
  poland held out twice as long as planned in ww2 . 
  that was when they had a surprise revolution from the east as well . 
  comparatively the polish army actually has a technological edge over most nations in the world now . 
  given they are investing in nato tech . 
  actually buying 1 % of gdp worth of almonds would be better . 
  at least the german military would have the budget there to use if they suddenly need an army . 
  tbh the `` bare minimum '' is also more than adequate . 
  the problem is people not doing their part without any treaty renegotiation about it . 
  first rule , look right for tanks before turning into the road . 
  do this on your test and it is at least a minor !, 
  population drops do n't boost economic figures .
