  the german plan still runs completely contrary to all known economics . 
  that is the scary thing about this . 
  it seems germans are convinced this is moral despite the results . 
  from our perspective . 
  we should be bombing the crap out of isis in support of the iraqi and kurdish forces . 
  in a wider sense this is a massive propaganda win for the west . 
  it is a pity we ca n't really show this video . 
  it would be compelling to make it clear that this is what supporting islamic terrorism actually means . 
  that this is what the proposed caliphate does . 
  regardless of your opinions about a caliphate , any isis victory means a dark age for islam comparable to the ilkhanate invasion . 
  on an individual basis , we must stand by the principles of justice we hold dear . 
  if such a person is proven to have committed this crime in a court of law they will never be left out . 
  there is also an inquiry every time a shot is fired by the police in the uk . 
  every incident that involved a gun ends with a search for a way for it to not involve a gun next time . 
  they are n't really scottish other than the name . 
  i 'd agree but it is arguable and i ca n't be bothered arguing about the ethical and legal specifics of the ousting of yanukovich with every post . 
  the point is the government before was at least partially legitimate but since then is fully legitimate . 
  the only blind spot is the elections could n't be held in rebel contested grounds . 
  yes germany did well early on by suppressing wages . 
  that is my point . 
  what is happening is wage suppression in greece is putting additional strain on germany as the public start to put pressure on the government to bring wages up . 
  so the balance of competitiveness is moving towards the poorer nations . 
  it is a model of the economy that is negative sum . 
  this is what happens when you compete on labour costs . 
  you end up with everyone poor . 
  despite claims to the contrary , china 's great surge of wealth is coming from expansion of the middle classes . 
  yes they have their dirt poor building dirt poor things but those are n't a major component of the economy . 
  nobody is making a mint from 50p/hr labour making kitchen pots . 
   like the uproar in the western part of ukraine ? 
  sponsored by western ngos , spy agencies and supported by far right movements in ukraine ? 
  is there actually any evidence of this ? 
  the us was instrumental in the deal that kept yanukovich in power after they decided to randomly slaughter protesters . 
  it was n't intended that his own party would betray him . 
  if we were determined to have our hand in this as people suggest then ukraine would not be fighting with russian weaponry . 
  link to where ukraine said they are going to kill civilians ? 
   the problem is two groups of people living in one country having conflicting opinions about the future of their country . 
  if that was true the east would be in uproar . 
  instead the rebels are on their last legs because the eastern trade unions fought back against them . 
  kiev has this opening because the rebellion was rebelled against . 
  i think the cohesion of ukraine looks unthreatened baring external intervention . 
  however yes there is a huge political divide to resolve there ( which is n't all about eu v russia either . 
  the issue of presidential v parliamentary democracy is bigger ) . 
  iraq and afghanistan are completely different situations . 
  there it was a foreign force that was being resisted . 
  for all the talk of a divided nation , it has always been the case that the two sides of ukraine believe in their own country much more than they do russia or eu . 
  eastern ukraine has already abandoned the rebels or they would n't be in the dire situation they are ( note this does not necessarily mean supporting the western oriented government ) . 
  i do n't think the situation is done once the rebels are beaten but it is unlikely to threaten the territorial cohesion of ukraine . 
  if they have a ceasefire then russia will reinforce the rebels . 
  that seems to be their game plan now . 
  try to use the humanitarian crisis to stop ukraine from finishing this fight . 
  ukraine should either give in to their demands or keep fighting . 
  a cease fire amounts to losing all the progress they 've been making and long term a lot more dead civilians . 
   also the eu election results showed ukip in wales doing about as well as it did in england . 
  which is what i said . 
  the polls have also widened this year . 
  yougov recorded a record pro-eu lead in march and then another in june . 
  in january the eurosceptic vote was winning . 
  http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/y9isu9gjaw/yg-archives-pol-trackers-europe-referendum-110814.pdf it does seem to be settling into a 3-4 % pro-eu lead which is n't exactly crushing . 
  however the likelihood is that the unknowns will favour the devil you know . 
  there has been an election in ukraine since the coup . 
  makes sense to at least get as far as cardiff . 
  it is growing economically faster than most places in britain and has one of the largest economic catchment areas in the uk given it basically dominates the entire south of wales . 
  i 'm increasingly comfortable that we ( as in pro-europeans , the polls have moved solidly in our favour ) would win any referendum anyway . 
  i 'd take care in assuming that people will vote in their own interests though . 
  a lot of infrastructure building in wales is only happening because of eu funding but ukip are nearly as strong in wales as they are in england . 
  you guys resisted napoleon a lot more than most nations on the continent . 
  the strategy in afghanistan was n't wrong . 
  it was undermined by iraq . 
  at one point britain was holding a giant chunk of afghanistan ( helmand is a quarter of the size of the uk ) with a tiny reserve force ( i believe it got as low as 2k ) . 
  then people wonder why it went to hell . 
  if we had never gone into iraq but had instead manned the walls in afghanistan the place would be much , much better right now . 
  honestly a lot is raised about other nato members not `` doing their part '' but why would they when we and the americans fucked over the entire strategy with a pointless invasion of iraq ? 
  it is n't enough to just say `` lol france surrenders '' . 
  you need to talk about surrender in some other context and casually throw in france as a simile . 
  there 'll be a ceasefire once the rebels are in prison ? 
  back when austria had a navy . 
  europe and us seem similar . 
  the russian figures suggest they are n't quite as done with the human wave as people claim . 
  relatively yes . 
  though it is more the rest of the world is catching up . 
  the us is actually managing this phase of history far better than europe . 
  their willingness to use immigration to smooth out the population curve is a big difference . 
  it will lead to deflation if everyone does it . 
  the temptation has to be there to hoist germany by their own petard though . 
  surely politically there is nothing they can do if greece turns around and defends the austerity line now ? 
  at the same time the richer nations ca n't really tolerate this downward spiral so have to stimulate at some point or risk becoming the continent of japan . 
  ideally there would be compromise but as usual the poorer nations are in a stronger position than seems obvious . 
  when people turn around and decide this whole thing was a mistake it will be interesting to see what concessions if any greece will demand for playing ball . 
   the ecb is basing its monetary policy on what germany needs instead of what the eurozone as a whole needs the ecb is basing its monetary policy on what germany wants . 
  we are learning that this is n't what germany needs . 
  predictably the ` turn around ' in south europe has seen the german economy start to stutter . 
  why is this ? 
  because suddenly the german worker is more expensive relative to the struggling nations * . 
  germany wanted a competitive southern europe , they might just get it . 
  at this point the nations that have suffered from austerity actually want to keep this going . 
  they want to knuckle down and actually see this transformation through now the greatest pain has been taken . 
  it will be the richer countries that pushed for this that will suffer for it now . 
  the race to the bottom is on . 
  the ideal at this point strangely is more restructuring for the south while the north spends on keeping itself afloat . 
  this will see a net transfer of wealth to an increasingly competitive south ( this is why stimulus is so tricky , the austere nation in a time of stimulus wins .
