  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_kriegsmarine_ships the list below is a list of british aircraft carriers ( alone ) during ww2 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:world_war_ii_aircraft_carriers_of_the_united_kingdom the long and short of this is britain had more aircraft carriers ( shiny new inventions ) than germany had capital class ships total . 
  well he needed japan to secure total victory in europe . 
  the japanese navy was pretty much the only thing that might end the blockade of the entire continent by britain . 
  at the time in question germany was in a disastrous state with regards to rare materials not found in europe . 
  tanks regularly failed for lack of rubber . 
  the lack of chrome coming in caused issues with their initial jet engine research ( when the 262 belated hit the war the all steel engines famously used to crack from the heat ) . 
  oil was another the nazis had serious problems acquiring for much of the war . 
  that is more or less already the case . 
  the truth is `` free trade '' already works . 
  the standards are being normalised to facilitate trade by reducing the overall regulatory burden . 
  that is the sole purpose of the deal . 
   he did not have to . 
  he did have to as part of his alliance with japan . 
  his options were to split from japan and thus create two isolated pacific and european theatres or honour the alliance . 
  the idea that hitler saw the us as soft is laughable . 
  the nazis barely had control of a square mile of water for the entirety of ww2 . 
  beyond the famous bismarck lucky shot against the hood the nazi navy spent the entire war hiding in ports . 
  where is the room for hitler to believe he can do anything to the us ? 
  he could n't cross a pond never mind the pond . 
  the fact is more that hitler needed japan if he was ever to reverse the naval disparity with britain . 
  he had no option but to support japan and hope the us and japan would find a quick peace . 
  that already exists . 
  he declared war on the us after the us declared war on japan . 
  the ussr is eastern europe . 
  that is precise who hitler wanted war with . 
  assad can still go but this childish belief we are going to brush aside every power in syria needs to die . 
  assad and his party are absolutely vital to any workable transition in syria . 
  if we are to secure a more liberal syria his people have to be part of that process . 
  not if we can get the fsa and al-assad to work with each other . 
  a transition needs to happen with the strength of the syrian apparatus behind a package of reform that can bring the fsa in . 
  if you can do that then there is a workable path forward . 
  if we go in with the plan we are going to destroy al-assad , isis and anyone else that gets in the way of pure idealism ( i.e. 
  the iraq approach ) then we will create a new isis . 
  however it is childish this dichotomy between an utter and obvious at the start disaster like iraq or doing nothing . 
  i do n't think hitler wanted war with anyone other than eastern europe . 
  not a good example . 
  they may want our intervention but we should stop pretending this is a master plan . 
  a lot of people want insane things . 
  isis can be defeated . 
  the mistake is not that you can not defeat such movements , you certainly can . 
  the mistake is believing any old regime can be implanted in place of isis . 
  the mistake of iraq and afghanistan was believing we could just invent a new power block and usher in a glorious new era for those nations . 
  actually smashing the powers that existed there worked fine . 
  the mistake was excluding the ba'ath party from the solution . 
  or for not empowering those that could actually hold ground in afghanistan . 
  intervention in syria can work , in both narrow and wide aims , but only if we have a pragmatic plan in place for what happens once isis are gone . 
  that needs bashar al-assad , the fsa , putin and other local middle eastern leaders in the room . 
  with whatever compromises are necessary to get them in the room . 
  yeah but that is the boring solution . 
  only if we also cover blasphemy against glorious atheism ( not to be confused with common atheism ) . 
  the main tenet of glorious atheism is that claiming the existence of a deity is blasphemy against the reason ( the central guiding principle of glorious atheism ) . 
  i for one am happy for blasphemy laws provided they apply to everyone and protect all forms of faith . 
  balkans can be treated as countries when they can agree where their borders are !, 
  we are holding your national status hostage until you stop ruining our geography curriculum . 
  it is used as an excuse to justify the existence of real faith schools though . 
  we need to bring the law in line with reality just so we can say no to expanded faith schools . 
  the military was stretched thin due to crop failure and plague . 
  the coffers were empty due to economic collapse and political instability . 
  the problem with the roman empire is it no longer had the strength which enabled its establishment to begin with . 
  rome did n't even fall because of `` defence '' . 
  there are many reasons why it fell but these are the least of them . 
  economic collapse , plague and political instability were much more of an issue . 
  syria is a russian ally/client state . 
  they have political links to people who 'd help create a stable syria following any military campaign . 
  think we 'd be there without article 5 . 
  we are allies with france 3 times over ( entente , nato , eu ) . 
  there are n't many nations as tightly allied . 
  their current position is not a million miles from the ideal in syria . 
  you need allies and you have to be prepared to take the solution that works over the solution that is ideal to deal with these situations . 
  i think the outcome depends on where we choose our alliances . 
  i think bringing russia in is more or less a necessity . 
  if they really wanted this they 'd be attacking the neutral nations . 
  if you want to create a shit storm that is the way to do it . 
  tbh i hope we are smart about this . 
  the noise the russians are making about syria are not incompatible with our aims . 
  a joint russia/nato operation in syria has a much larger chance of success . 
  action may be necessary but it needs to be action that is thought out rather than simply reactionary . 
  no we are talking about the legal status of the crown estate . 
  if he is n't monarch then he can not dissolve the crown estates . 
  the mechanism to dissolve the crown estate is a catch-22 situation . 
  you have to be an incoming monarch to do it but parliament will never recognise the monarch who does it . 
  the bill recognising you as monarch will say `` you are monarch and the crown estates are staying put '' . 
  if you do n't sign that bill you have no authority to dismantle the estate . 
  the fact they can only be disbanded by an incoming monarch means that disbanding the monarchy leaves the estate in the hands of parliament . 
  no they would n't because they do n't own it . 
  the only way it could go back into the hands of the royal family is an incoming monarch could refuse to sign the bill renewing the crown estates . 
  which only means he will be refusing to sign the bill that recognises him as monarch . 
  that land is not owned by the royal family . 
  i do n't know why people keep repeating this very basic lie . 
  the land is owned by the office of the crown which also does not belong to the royal family . 
  i do n't know why people point to cromwell . 
  after the civil war was done by all accounts britain was pretty functional . 
  even during the various constitutional crises . 
  people swear it was hell on earth but there is no evidence of that . 
  the give part is also a lie . 
  the property in question belongs to the monarchy , not to the monarch . 
  if the queen was replaced by a complete random they would not get the crown estates . 
  the estates would remain tied to the office of the monarch . 
  also the best seeker on the planet .
