   this house further are of opinion , that their constituents , considering their local circumstances , can not , by any possibility , be represented in the parliament ; and that it will forever be impracticable , that they should be equally represented there , and consequently , not at all ; being separated by an ocean of a thousand leagues . 
  that his majesty 's royal predecessors , for this reason , were graciously pleased to form a subordinate legislature here , that their subjects might enjoy the unalienable right of a representation ... . 
  http://www.paulrittman.com/samueladams.pdf i think the only viable solution to the stand off between the colonists and parliament would have been some kind of federal british empire . 
  this would have been unthinkable to the uk parliament though . 
  the eu is accepting serbia . 
  why not ukraine ? 
  in normal circumstances a total blockade , dissolution of local government and direct martial rule of a city and colony would be horrible . 
  however they did destroy a great quantity of tea !, 
  yes but they are complaining outright about toleration of harmless individual actions . 
  really the issue is our toleration of gay people . 
  the russians are just wrong . 
  yes a federal uk is where we are going imo . 
  i do n't think there is a general issue between english people and the others . 
  i think there is a political split that divides england against itself while both wales and scotland are firmly on one side of the debate . 
  this leads to misconceptions . 
  the tories willingly screw over half of england but screw over all of wales and scotland . 
  this leads to this divide taking on a nationalist angle that is only partially warranted . 
  federalisation removes wales and scotland from the worse the tories can do . 
  the precise details of what this means is still an open question . 
  the union is much further from a union of equals than the us is . 
  a federal uk on us terms would be like having texas but twice the size + 2 medium us states + alaska . 
  also it still leaves england divided . 
  i honestly ca n't see the british public tolerating option 3 . 
  to be neutral is effectively to play off the great powers . 
  that does n't mean you do what you want . 
  that means accepting that the truth is somewhere between what the two sides believe . 
  you have to position yourself precisely between the threats to your neutrality if you want to maintain the balance of power . 
  how does this give you sovereignty ? 
  well the situation in the us is very different . 
  the us does n't really have the sectarian politics of the uk . 
  it also is n't a unitary state so even if it did have sectarian politics it would n't have the same bullshit of governments that intentionally cripple half the country for the benefit of the other half . 
  juries are rare in civil cases . 
  no question of guilt exists in a civil case . 
  there is no judgement to be made . 
  a civil case opens on the basis of an honest dispute between legitimate parties . 
  no jury is needed to cast a verdict on what is not an issue of guilt or innocence . 
  juries are 99 % the norm in criminal cases . 
  there have occasionally been non-jury trials ( which i still disagree with ) in cases where organised crime groups have poisoned the juries with threats of violence in multiple successive trials . 
  we 'd know exactly what was going on and could vote against the government if the trial was open . 
  public opinion has a massive effect . 
  it is why the government has resisted extradition of various people to the us . 
  if there was a closed court this would never have happened . 
   how do you administer fair and balanced justice when you are concerned that those on trial will divulge legitimate state secrets as soon as they have a microphone and camera in front of them ? 
  you ca n't . 
  you either accept that secrets will be leaked or you do something unethical . 
  the problem with this is we have an established system for dealing with these cases . 
  throughout british history such cases have been solved with a one off bill of attainder . 
  the tories wo n't use it because it does n't allow them to pass the buck . 
  they 'd rather destroy the principles of our system of justice than face the political fall out associated with such an affront . 
  fwiw i support neither policy . 
  i just would rather an outright horror be done than see our justice system muddied for tory political advantage . 
  of course this is all further muddied because of the horrible track record of governments in actually identifying guilty people in this regard . 
  the quote is also incredibly ironic given that the uk wanted to tax the colonies partially to pay the debt accrued during the seven years war fighting on behalf of the colonists . 
  we covered it in school but my year was the first one forced to learn the language and that made my libertarian senses tingle for two years with predictable results . 
  that is how it used to be . 
  storage is a service you pay for . 
  the ecb is n't going to leverage your money so it makes sense to charge a fee . 
  we need to get out of the eu so i 'm not constantly reminded of my monoglot failings like this . 
  ntf would sell us out to the shivans . 
   that is a false dichotomy . 
  yeah we can be both europe 's and america 's bitch at the same time . 
  fwiw the long term us strategic outlook is for europe to do more and have direct responsibility for the relevant theatres . 
  that means decision making as well as actual resources on the ground . 
  it is why the alliance with france has sprung back into prominence . 
  we do n't have the option of the status quo on the table . 
  the eu do n't want it and the us do n't want it . 
  that does n't mean we have to bend to whatever is imposed but people pretending the good old days are going to just stick around are going to leave us unable to negotiate the changes that will happen with or without our consent . 
  there are three real options on the table : 1 . 
  things change but we are a central partner in the room . 
  our sheer military weight gives us an immense amount of clout in the strategic reorganisation of nato . 
  things change but we try to push towards the good old days . 
  things change regardless and we end up belatedly accepting a new status quo we had no say in forming because we were talking about the past when the us and eu are talking about the future . 
  things change and we sit on the sidelines . 
  change happens and we end up an isolationist nation . 
  we could do this . 
  take a stance of complete neutrality and kind of fumble around without the ability to affect the world in meaningful ways . 
  this ends with us accepting the rule book of whichever power block becomes dominant . 
  there is much to say about the benefits of neutrality but no neutral nation sits in the congress of vienna , the unsc , signs the treaty of versailles . 
  nobody ever asks the opinion of such a nation . 
  aken bosch would know a terrorist . 
  if we are going to have secret trials then why not just have parliament pass bills of attainder against the accused ? 
  well it is easy to have high approval ratings when you harass the opposition into non-existence . 
  who exactly are the russians going to back ? 
  then there is the fact the only media these people have is run from the kremlin . 
  a lot of the frustration of the uk is that we want to take the union forward . 
  talk to the germans about service sector unification for instance . 
  we are n't the only people blocking stuff . 
  it was never anything to do with nazi 's . 
  there were two concerns . 
  west germany was a nice nato member . 
  unified germany might have to be neutral . 
  also there was a fear that unified germany would be too economically powerful for france and the uk to stand up to . 
  democracy is a wonderful thing but it in no way overrides basic human rights . 
  everyone agrees there is no legitimacy in a vote of 50.1 % to kill the other 49.9 % or even 99.9 % to kill 0.1 % . 
  we already agree that even comprehensive democratic will is meaningless in the face of the rights of even a single man . 
  saying that gay marriage should be such a right is just arguing over the details . 
  this idea that a majority instantly legitimises anything is absurd . 
  from a british perspective there is no difference . 
  formally mps here are not allowed to ever retire . 
  we invented some bullshit royal office which they are awarded any time they want to retire ( nobody attached to the monarchy is allowed to serve in government .
