  france nearly pays the entire rebate and would actually be subsidised by the eu if the rebate went away . 
  as it stands cap is 45 % of the eu budget . 
  45 % is a lot of money to be pissing about on farmers and is an absolute insane policy . 
  especially when the net result is to push food prices up . 
  this is precisely why britain wo n't be in schengen any time soon . 
  if we were then border control is everyone 's responsibility . 
  not just our own . 
  finance in europe needs to be reformed properly . 
  britain pushed for years for the cap to not be a fiscal transfer mechanism from north to south . 
  we did n't get anywhere so we negotiated the best option we could get . 
  ideally i 'd have liked to see the other members screwed by cap also get a rebate . 
  cameron had some solid proposals for regulation that did n't involve a london tax . 
  it was a policy solely pushed because france knew the uk would shoot it down . 
  sarkozy at the time immediately pushed forward with his plan for a new vision of europe . 
  something which has stalled since . 
  however it was entirely power politics play from the french . 
  that is perhaps the only thing i agree with him on doing . 
  the sun unfortunately is the most popular news paper . 
  owned by a man who 's made it his mission to destroy the eu . 
  ironically the `` eu judges '' are usually the echr . 
  something we imposed on europe largely by force at the end of ww2 * . 
  perhaps the greatest thing we 've ever created at gun point . 
  now a distrusted foreign invention . 
  * when i say by force . 
  people agreed with it . 
  they were n't given much of a choice either . 
  it is rather positive in that the main thrust for europe ( from germany as well as the uk ) has been against french dirigisme . 
  the weird relationship mostly comes about because germany sees holding good relationships with france as more important than the french favouring an economic principle that is barmy . 
  of course the ideal would be convincing the french that this is barmy but the uk is certainly not the nation to do that . 
  of course the situation will change as the cultural trend in germany is for their children to be seen as not guilty of the mistakes of the past . 
  that will inevitably shatter the french/german unshakeable relationship simply because it will free up german politicians to push harder . 
  the media in the uk are monumentally lazy . 
  an anti-eu think tank writes nearly every story on the eu in the uk ( including the bananas thing ) . 
  the media happily prints it because they know the rest of the media will so they wo n't risk getting called out on it . 
  lets be fair if ireland left the eu they 'd be left with us . 
  it does n't help that britain has essentially had to single handedly fight the reform battle because germany wo n't stand up to france directly . 
  though i fully understand german priorities in europe given the history . 
  it is just weird where britain has been forced by all sides into this combative reformer role . 
  it means a lot of people do n't like us and makes it look like fewer people agree with us than really do . 
  this has given the right wing a load of ammunition here . 
  in truth there is no way britain will leave the eu . 
  if it came to referendum every business in britain would flood the pro-eu campaign with money . 
  the us constantly prods that they do n't really see a relationship with britain outside europe . 
  the americans are pushing harder for european integration than anyone inside the group . 
  real politik and business interests both point to britain staying in . 
  personally i 'd be happy to have a referendum because i think it will harm the eurosceptic movement so badly that the issue might go away permanently . 
  that would be fun . 
  a nation britain is technically obligated to defend ( from both turkey and greece , done a good job there ) being handed to one partner by the eu at a time when the british relationship with the eu is in the air . 
  otherwise known as how to start ww3 . 
  the us position has always been that it sees the most vital part of their relationship with the uk as reforming the eu . 
  the us wants the eu to be more economically liberal and to pull more weight in nato . 
  both issues the uk is interested in ( and has had great success in ) . 
  it is rather ironic that one of the key relationships sceptics point to as reasons we can be an island is dependent upon our relationship with the eu . 
  to be fair the disagreement on financial regulation is precisely because the proposed eu regulation is just bad . 
  cameron did suggest instead focusing on an eu wide increase in capital adequacy requirements which made much more sense ( and was in fact the only sensible thing proposed by him at that meeting ) . 
  as it is the proposed eu regulation was just a london tax that has taken on a life of its own . 
  he is n't giving the uk short term benefit . 
  he is trying to screw over the uk by screwing over the eu . 
  his mates will benefit . 
  the uk does already have a bunch of exceptions precisely for stuff like fire fighters . 
  the idea that people might die for the wtd is absurd . 
  anyone `` on call '' is already not subject to it . 
  the wtd only applies to the 99 % of people who are n't on call . 
  as a brit i wish your countries well in resisting this stupidity . 
  the wtd is actually something most of us like . 
  especially when they stole our sunlight when they rebelled . 
  as long as we have the gas line . 
  frankly more integration between the uk and france would help . 
  as in you have planes and we have these boats we ca n't afford planes for . 
  it is inconceivable that there will be war in europe in the next 10 years . 
  technically the uk could cut a lot of spending and still be above 2 % . 
  i would n't agree with it but it could be done . 
  the japanese constitution could be changed in a moment . 
  it is n't a secret that japan signed the constitution more or less to get the us to defend them while they rebuilt . 
  fully intending to throw it out once they were secure . 
  as it turns out they preferred to extend that relationship . 
  the us is trying to get them to alter their constitution to allow a military again . 
  four typhoons is four more relevant airframes than argentina has . 
  argentina are interesting . 
  they are far more professional today but objectively are in a worse place equipment wise . 
  it is very unlikely we will see war with iran from a second term president . 
  same reason dubya suddenly ruled out being a warmonger . 
  he was secure . 
  obama is secure . 
  the un was created to stop the ussr and us from blowing everyone to hell . 
  everything else is a secondary addition added to give it legitimacy . 
  the simple truth is the un has always been about the permanent unsc members and avoiding a new great power conflict . 
  libya was n't completely a european effort . 
  we started it and most of the bombing was done by britain and france . 
  however we did n't have the supply chains to pull it off . 
  essentially it was britain and france dropping american ordinance . 
  that is precisely what the yanks are talking about . 
  having secure supply chains that allow us to proceed with these conflicts without being burnt out after 3 months and then begging the americans for bombs . 
  they have a fair point when it comes to say libya . 
  a war britain and france wanted ( rightly imo ) and then we realised we did n't have the capacity to pull it off . 
  with the americans eventually bailing us out . 
  otoh the best way to approach this is to move on with european defence integration . 
  of course with us currently talking about tearing the eu apart that makes it difficult . 
  it is hard to have defence integration when half of what you are integrating is trying to leave . 
  defence integration will have massive savings for most eu nations on defence and will free up resources for expansion .
