  britain was looking towards the us and france expected a 3 way relationship . 
  what they got was churchill talking about an anglosphere . 
  from there relations deteriorated badly . 
  then when we were looking to patch things up de gaulle returned the favour . 
  lots of bullshit on both sides . 
  i actually think relations between the countries are as good as they 've been in a long time . 
  do n't mention the war . 
  must be the foreigners . 
  everyone knows they use foul foreign magicks to trick our citizens . 
  i find really strange the focus on the uk here . 
  if anything i think british views on germany have moved on from the basil fawlty variety . 
  the truth is the opposition is complex . 
  a lot of damage was done by de gaulle 's repeated attempts to keep us out . 
  then by the eu ignoring an illegal unilateral french extension of the beef ban . 
  it has been a building problem that was mainly started by tension with france after ww2 . 
  i would n't go for forgiveness . 
  a temporary moratorium would however give greece room to grow . 
  i think the key is that nobody can sensibly claim they fear moral hazard as it stands . 
  that is an option . 
  some nations are natural friends . 
  some nations are mere business partners who we do n't have any particular ideological attachment to . 
  as a nation acts in a way that its partners consider intolerable it drifts from the former to the latter . 
  for instance saudi arabia is a business partner . 
  we have a good relationship with them but our world view does n't necessary include them as a central piece . 
  they are a real politik ally . 
  france otoh are an ally of conscious . 
  we would , and have , spilled the blood of our own for them and them for us . 
  israel are kind of floating between the two extremes right now . 
  finland spoiled the nice pretty chart . 
  everything in a nice even slope . 
  then suddenly finland are twice as good as everyone else !, 
  so essentially we incarcerated a man after he had served his time . 
  then we were surprised the courts found in his favour ? 
  do n't break the law . 
  it goes for rapists and governments . 
  it is a fundamental principle of the uk that the government is no more above the law than the public are . 
  where it breaks the law it should be held to account also . 
  israel gets disproportional criticism because it is a friendly nation . 
  we are most critical of our friends for a reason . 
  our friends and choice thereof reflect back on us . 
  any crime committed by israel ends up looking bad for europeans or americans . 
  does n't apply to public figures and never has . 
  look at what people were saying about hugo chavez only a while back . 
  that said the public have every right to be angry at a waste of tax payers money on this . 
  it is rank hypocrisy from the tory party . 
  yes but usually anti-zionism is justifiable criticism of israel for its barmy policies . 
  even if there are a minority who use it as a shield for anti-semitism . 
  that is preferable to giving israel free reign . 
  the right to judge and criticise actions is appropriate and must be protected above all else . 
  otherwise they just get propagated eternally . 
  if this protects a few racists so be it . 
  i can remember a turk chasing someone around with a giant kebab knife . 
  the guy entirely earned it . 
  we would n't really consider nice wheels to be mods . 
  people do replace shitty steel wheels with alloys in the uk but that is about the extent of it you 'll commonly see . 
  the expense of modding a car could instead be invested in a better car . 
  modding a good car is a crime against humanity . 
  we have that sort of thing here in the uk . 
  people who spend # 500 on a vauxhall nova and then spend # 2500 on adding bits and pieces that make it look shit . 
  why not just buy a golf and then smash the window or something . 
  you then have a better car that looks shit . 
  in the uk at least welfare was an incredibly popular idea . 
  the incredible thing is people saying east asian rather than oriental . 
  when oriental means `` of the east '' . 
  sounds like where we get immigrants in britain but british people living abroad are ex-pats . 
  they are a touch insane . 
  their basic idea is the old `` all publicity is good publicity '' line . 
  the shock value has certainly given them publicity . 
  of course at some point the vehicle of your message kills empathy to a degree that your publicity is counter productive . 
  mostly i 'm beginning to believe that this line of thinking is a shallow justification of shitty behaviour that the people involved wanted to take part in anyway . 
  i think feminists will come to regret the existence of femen . 
  this type of discourse was fundamental to feminism getting discredited heavily in the 80s and 90s . 
  where previously they had a lot of capital to trade on . 
  inflation robs everyone proportionally . 
  the point is the banks could hand over the new money to the weaker economies without the general public realising what was going on . 
  it is underhanded and i do n't particularly like it . 
  unless it is universally agreed upon as a correction mechanism that a nation can not just veto by refusing to pay . 
  maybe you can swap for danzig ? 
  the printing is an alternative to paying taxes . 
  you can inflate and hand the money to the have nots and essentially rob the rich that way . 
  or you can tax and transfer . 
  the alternative is some miracle balanced economy which is both efficient and even . 
  maybe we should ask the pope to pray for our economy ? 
  did jesus give his life for our trade deficits ? 
  the problem is the balance of payments in any currency zone is not ever going to be even . 
  there will always be one nation who has too little demand or too little productivity that causes money to flow out of a nation . 
  that is the real problem behind the euro . 
  greece and others can not pay their debt because of a balance of payment issue with the rest of europe . 
  they would n't have this problem outside the euro . 
  in a neutralised economy the rich and poor parts of the union tend to change . 
  however if you just let the problem run it will permanently create a gap . 
  you 'll never over power the entrenched position no matter how hard you work . 
  that is why currency unions inevitably become transfer unions . 
  the alternative is secession . 
  outside the euro the balance of payments is trivially zero . 
  all drachma must come back to greece . 
  they are worthless anywhere else . 
  this means at worse foreigners will own greece but the standard of living will be stable for greeks . 
  this is n't to say greece does n't have problems . 
  it most certainly does .
