  they proposed to give ireland home rule as was eventually done in 1920 . 
  this led to irish independence later on . 
  do you honestly think we would have moved germany ? 
  look at the state of the eurozone even now . 
  this is not a rational debate . 
  germany has an emotional response against inflation . 
  mainly because they have refused to accept that the weimar republic intentionally destroyed their own currency . 
  i did not . 
  what is amazing in all this is just how damned awful all the leaders are . 
  i know we have a tendency to despise politicians but this bunch have invented a whole new circle of hell just so they could crawl out of it . 
  there is a race going on between the population and the leaders . 
  we keep trying to reach new levels of disgust , hatred and despair of our politicians . 
  they keep achieving new levels such that our capacity for disliking them is inadequate for the task . 
  obviously you must eat the rouble . 
  this reduces inflation and feeds the population at the same time . 
  to be fair it is the fault of english that it does n't rhyme . 
  the easter rising made independence less likely rather than more . 
  the uk had already more or less decided to give ireland independence . 
  we changed the entire constitution of the uk with the 1911 parliament act in order to stop the lords from blocking it . 
  a world war happened which stopped it . 
  when collins rebelled there were plenty who wanted to not reward the terrorism . 
  what was previously an obvious decision turned into a political minefield . 
  in particular i think the uvs would n't have been able to force the partition . 
  both handled by westminster . 
  westminster does n't want an english parliament . 
  such a parliament would be too powerful for the union to deal with . 
  regional bodies were offered . 
  voters rejected them . 
  seems view points have shifted somewhat since . 
  wales has devolved responsibility for : 1 . 
  healthcare . 
  education . 
  roads and transportation . 
  civil planning . 
  economic development . 
  there is a bunch of other stuff but that is what people really care about . 
  the fourth point in particular is pretty important given that capel celyn basically birthed the modern welsh nationalist movement . 
  nah we 'll build a giant moat across the border . 
  then claim britain was always the south part ( and the arbitrary chunk of ireland ) anyway . 
  this is actually a good metaphor . 
  it is a lumbering hulk that can not handle its current mass but still can not get into a calorie deficit . 
  speed really is n't a factor . 
  the eu ca n't realistically respond militarily so we are doing to russia what the british empire did to napoleon . 
  a long and slow campaign of economic starvation . 
  the cease fire in ukraine does n't alter the reality on the ground all that much . 
  russia has agreed to pause the game of chess . 
  they have n't conceded . 
  sanctions end when russia concedes . 
  people should realise there are two wars going on here . 
  ukraine v russia for the future of east ukraine and the west v russia in order to emphasize to russia the cost of these actions should they start thinking about poland or the baltics . 
  a pause in the former conflict does not really do much for the latter conflict . 
  yes and one that is guaranteed to work . 
  people saying `` oh they can sell to china '' do n't understand that russia basically needs western finance and western technology to expand their energy operations . 
  normally we 'd favour sanctions over this but we are already doing that . 
   why is everything so simplistic and people think that if russia would immediately stop the support for `` rebels '' everything happen prior to that would magically go away in a span of 1 month with zero consequences for respective parties involved ? 
  nobody thinks this will be simple when russia stop making it worse however we first must stop russia from making it worse . 
  it certainly wo n't get any better with russia funding the minority separatists . 
  in a wider geopolitical perspective , it is more important that russia are not rewarded for these tactics than we get the absolute best deal for kiev . 
  if it takes a decade quietly starving russia out then that is a better deal for the neighbouring nations that russia has tried to bully in the past than simply giving in to some bastard compromise . 
  colonies are what happens when you take clay from people with no flag . 
  they had 3/4 different strategies , none of which were executed correctly . 
  100 % irn bru production . 
  nokia were doing their own things in the smartphone revolution . 
  they just did n't have a coherent strategy . 
  i think it will happen either way . 
  if scotland leaves the question becomes `` how do we stop this happening again ? 
  right now all the money wales receives is economic life support . 
  since devolution we 've seen actual roads and rails set up in wales . 
  i do n't know what the fuck westminster were doing with wales but it was bugger all useful . 
  at the very least devolution gives us the right to eu aid which is part of the reason this stuff is getting done now . 
  fertility rates are irrelevant . 
  people want to migrate into most of these countries . 
  people want to migrate from russia . 
   he 's generally sound in foreign policy syria ? 
  i think cameron has done nothing but bungle foreign policy . 
  while it is true i think this will kick off the devolution debate again in the uk . 
  despite early scepticism there is a lot of appetite for more devolution in wales . 
  right now an independent wales would be completely non-functional due to the crappy infrastructure only useful for moving coal and steel out of the country . 
  however one of the victories of devolution is somebody is finally doing something about the shitty infrastructure . 
  as i said direct contributions are not all that relevant . 
  the figures in question are smaller than the error margin in the military budgets of the west . 
  honestly if germany said tomorrow they were going to uphold their treaty obligation of 2 % we 'd instantly agree that you never have to pay admin fees again . 
  it is n't military spending . 
  it is direct financing of nato administration . 
  not really a useful figure . 
  the uk could fund the entire nato administration 30 times over if we dropped our spending to german levels . 
  where does this figure come from ? 
  the uk and france both spend loads more on the military than germany . 
  as an outright absolute figure but by a chasm if treated as a proportion of the economy . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures / / edit - looking at it these are direct contributions to the nato budget . 
  honestly given the general military expenditures the german contribution could be trivially absorbed . 
  ok germany spends $ 10m more directly on nato and $ 20b less on actual forces . 
  there are a few orders of magnitude between these figures . 
  yeah the entire event was the west appeasing russia . 
  predictably russia got a different message from that which was intended . 
   because germany is far to important for nato to ignore . 
  is it ? 
  what can germany withhold from nato if nato ignores germany ? 
  that is too hot !, 
  it needs to be precisely 20.1 c always,
