  russia more than helped spark it . 
  ukraine were within days of actually retaking the territory . 
  then the `` aid '' convoy entered the separatist areas and suddenly the rebels found state of the art russian tanks and ammunition . 
  have people forgotten this incredible case of divine provenance already ? 
  basically at some point ukraine is going to have to do some kind of formal deal with russia to settle all territorial disputes . 
  russia is never going to want to do this because it would allow ukraine to proceed with meeting the ascension criteria . 
  no / u/bananasplit2 you are personally responsible !, 
  ussr should have insisted on the independence of the free city of krakow just for troll value . 
  actually free france continued to fight . 
  they had 2m men in the field by 1945 . 
  there was a french occupied section of germany because of this . 
  regardless i said allied doctrine . 
  mixing tanks in with the infantry was the correct way to use them . 
  that was not why they got beaten in 1940 . 
  it was because they intentionally left a hole in their line because moving the defensive line into belgium and the netherlands meant they could n't defend the ardennes . 
  if they had stayed put and told the politicians to fuck off when they ordered the line moved into the low lands it would not have happened . 
   germanys advantage wasnt in their superior-to-frances tanks ( cos they werent ) , but in how they deployed and used them . 
  no it was n't . 
  this is the commonly given excuse . 
  the allied doctrine in 1945 was the same as in 1940 and it worked perfectly . 
   france had little or no offensive armour units and their tanks were spread out all over the place . 
  yes which was entirely appropriate . 
  most battles in ww2 were infantry on infantry battles . 
  most tank losses were to infantry guns ( something like 92 % of tanks lost in ww2 were to anti-tank guns ) . 
  the appropriate use of tanks was always as a force multiplier within infantry battles . 
  that is precisely how the uk and us used them after operation overlord . 
  the allies lost primarily because france did n't defend the ardennes and then went bonkers for about a week after the germans thumped through the ardennes . 
  most of the story of german invincibility was spread in hindsight by the british government to cover up what a monumental fuck up the entire battle of france was . 
  no government is going to say `` ah we were all insanely incompetent '' . 
  no they were n't . 
  the germans did n't even have a truly good tank until the pziv which was never deployed until after france surrendered . 
  the pziii was passable but inferior to the french equivalent . 
  the pzi/ii were basically armoured cars with a very light cannon stuck on top and formed the bulk of 1940 german armour . 
  you are buying into the propaganda . 
  you probably think the king tiger was an effective platform as well . 
  the germans made precisely 1 really good tank in the entire war in the pziv . 
  the allies outnumbered the nazis dramatically . 
  more soldiers , more tanks , better tanks . 
  the allies technological and numerical advantage was so large that wargames really struggle reproducing the actual results in the battle of france . 
  honestly there really is no good reason why the battle of france went like it did ( lets ignore for the moment that there never should have been a battle of france ) . 
  people point towards the tanks but the german pzi and pzii barely justify the name tank . 
  they had very few actually decent pziiis . 
  otoh the french army was well equipped with medium tanks that actually stood up to scrutiny well into the war . 
  people point to doctrine , the allies did n't know how to fight , but the usage of tanks was exactly the same as that used beyond d-day , using the tanks as an infantry support platform as the bulk of operations involved infantry v infantry anyway . 
  the whole model of warfare was proven entirely practical and workable . 
  to the extent where the allies started abandoning the wisdom taught by blitzkrieg and reverted heavily back towards tanks as infantry support as the reality of the war was laid out . 
  the only real advantage the germans had was experience . 
  now lets look at the allied mistakes : 1 . 
  abandoning poland when the opportunity existed for a two front war . 
  believing that the poles could not possibly last the required 2 weeks it would take to reach berlin . 
  the poles lasted 5 weeks . 
  moving the northern defensive positions out from the french border and into the low lands . 
  this took the army out of entrenched and well developed positions and left them with barely any defenders advantage against the germans . 
  it also strained the line which left the allies thin at the ardennes . 
  the politicians ordered this insane move in order to preserve france the indignities it had suffered in ww1 , fight the germans on belgian soil rather than french . 
  the ardennes defending themselves . 
  seeing that the allied line was thin the decision was made that the germans could n't possibly punch through there . 
  the germans punched through there . 
  the french replacing gamelin during a crucial phase of a counter attack . 
  the german push through the ardennes had separated their tanks from their men . 
  a pincer move could have cut them off and created utter chaos . 
  that kind of environment tends to favour the man with more men ( i.e. 
  the allies ) . 
  the french decided to sack gamelin hours before this was supposed to happen 5 . 
  weygand , a known far right sympathiser , was put in place instead . 
  he decided the crucial decision in an environment that was evolving minute by minute was not a huge concern . 
  to calm everyone down he decided to take a 48 hour nap as joseph joffre had famously done after taking command in ww1 in similar circumstances . 
  unfortunately for france this was not ww1 , by the time weygand had his beauty sleep the germans had rendered any counter attack impossible . 
  the french system of government had no contingency for a far right coup while most of parliament was in flight west . 
  essentially the government ordered parliament to reconvene , the far right moved into the french parliament building and then stole control of the government . 
  the people who wanted to hug hitler in 1938 now had control of the french government and immediately surrendered . 
  it is amazing the theory of invincible nazi armies still pervades to this day . 
  ww2 was entirely a result of utter incompetence . 
  the poles held out much longer than the pre-war plans called for . 
  there is no question the way the allies fought the early stages of ww2 was hilariously stupid . 
  hell the entire myth of the invincible wehrmacht was pretty much invented to cover our and french incompetence . 
  actually if the allies had just gone `` no brakes on this , all the way to berlin '' the day the war started it would have been over stunningly quickly . 
  poland actually held out much longer than the pre-war planning demanded . 
  at the very least huge pressure would have forced the nazis to reallocate forces west . 
  how many demographic crises have you guys caused because the people next door did n't worship god the precisely correct way ? 
  all good and well `` believing '' in god but it is n't the same . 
  one of my favourite ck2 campaigns . 
  started as asturias , waited for the caliphate to explode into rebellion . 
  then i chain holy warred my way all the way to granada . 
  then i conquered the byzantine empire and formed the latin empire . 
  dejure drift took all of spain into it . 
  tbh the law is n't harsh , israel are just abusing the powers attached to it . 
  they have , for security purposes , an effective veto on planning in zone c in the occupied territories . 
  israel uses this veto to literally veto all palestinian construction . 
  there is no legal way for palestine to build anything there . 
  i like how their historical records before the first sacking of rome was destroyed so they decided they must have invented democracy 10 years before the athenians . 
  this is in fact how rome paid for their walls . 
  the modern thinking is the border walls were more about trade and ensuring traders paid tariffs on goods crossing the border . 
  they were certainly fucking useless as a military fortification . 
  yeah and modern russia does n't contain half of what was the kingdom of the rus . 
  how can it be russia without kiev as the capital ? 
   these works are mostly to blame for things like the jewish persecution throughout europe jewish persecution started well before jesus . 
  hadrian really kicked off persecution . 
  he literally tried to eliminate their entire culture . 
  we 're talking about the polling companies that got it dead on .
