  in the middle of the battle we struggled for people . 
  by the end of the battle it was clear britain was producing enough planes and pilots such that eventually the raf would outstrip the luftwaffe . 
  then germany decided to invade russia . 
  there were french soldiers in the uk as well . 
  it is n't ` stood alone ' individually . 
  it was just for a good year the uk was the only nation still in the fight against the germans . 
  well the british empire . 
  the colonies tend to get overlooked too much . 
  the eu really is n't comparable to the un . 
  i dislike ukip but the question of whether we want to be part of the eu is a valid one to ask . 
   the best way to fight bigotry in any country is to let them speak long enough that the general public can laugh at them . 
  yeah and it worked brilliantly with the bnp . 
  all these idiots talking about no platform for fascism . 
  we gave them a fortnight in the public air and they fell to pieces . 
  the bnp are further from power than i am right now . 
  what would we do then ? 
  spania ? 
  that is n't even how you spell spanner and it is n't a country !, 
  this article reads more like a critique of capitalism than a critique of the eu . 
  the fact eurosceptics have to grasp is with or without the eu we will have capitalism . 
  in fact the leaders of euroscepticism are asking for precisely that . 
  they want to strip away the extra parts like the social charter and leave behind only a capitalist entity which will keep doing all the things this article talks about . 
  ukip will leave us with starbucks replacing local coffee shops , we just wo n't have a tool to deal with it . 
  we will have even less power to ask starbucks to pay a reasonable tax bill . 
  this will happen if the eu continues as is , if it expands , if it contracts , if it is dissolved completely . 
  it will happen if every nation ends up beholden to china or the us though then it will be slanted to favour those nations . 
  what the eu gives us is potentially a tool for dealing with the worse of globalised capitalism . 
  the eu can provide us with a platform for dealing with tax havens . 
  britain ca n't stop tax havens , nor can france or germany . 
  europe can stop tax havens . 
  the eu allows us to avoid the rat race to the bottom by collectively refusing to work the kind of 60 hour weeks they have in the poorer parts of the world that are frightening us . 
  what needs to happen is a more direct democratic mandate for the eu . 
  if this is the tool by which we manage the world of mncs who move hqs for tax benefits and trade in non-existent property to repatriate profits then we need public rule of it . 
  which part of the uk is this ? 
  my outside looks as dreary as ever . 
  obviously glasgow is of such cultural relevance that the free city of glasgow should be created . 
  once we separate from the uk the process starts to separate my valley from all this false wales rubbish . 
  then i put a wall around my next door neighbours house . 
  right , lets draw up the partition of scotland . 
  more than aware . 
  active participants . 
  this is part of the reason the uk stayed out . 
  we did n't believe this treaty which mandated stability would ever be upheld . 
  tbh it depends on what trust is . 
  ireland has more cause to hate us than reverse . 
  in terms of trust , i do n't think anyone believes we are going to anschluss them . 
  which is precisely what we want them to believe !, 
  the correct way is to obviously have moderate trust for everyone who is n't france . 
  the table is hilarious . 
  sort of trust . 
  sort of trust . 
  sort of trust . 
  french ? 
  fuck them !, 
  we hate france more than you . 
  spain held them at the time argentina went independent and they claim that all territory held by spain at the time belongs to them . 
  the problem is the spanish claim was disputed . 
  britain found the islands long before them . 
  spain kicked britain out in the same series of wars that left spain incapable of holding onto its colonies anymore . 
  so naturally britain felt they still had a right to the islands . 
  regardless the only permanent colony established there is the one that still exists today . 
  probably afraid they 'll get shot if they try to cross into the capitalist paradise . 
  i think ukips solution to the elephants is to let them all die . 
  i 'd ask how they would regulate trade in a banned product without a supernational body . 
  you guys protected mali . 
  that counts right ? 
  the european union is just a rerun of the hre . 
  well there is huge economic slack still to come from some areas . 
  poland is booming and with reform so can the mediterranean . 
  they are also an historic enemy of the turks . 
  you should have responded `` gib back jorvik !, 
   but i 'm pretty sure the uk , and perhaps australia and whatnot , have surely admitted some colonial crimes as well . 
  a big difficulty is the uk recognised and did a great deal about its crimes hundreds of years ago . 
  slavery is the one that always comes up . 
  the empire spent $ 200b buying out every slave in the empire . 
  war was declared on multiple nations to put a stop to slavery . 
  multiple nations banned slavery mainly because the uk coerced them into it either as defeated opponents or prospective allies . 
  including france at the signing of entente cordiale . 
  this is n't to white wash what the british empire did . 
  the pre-1706 policies of the uk were at best apathetic towards a vast crime , at worse actively co-operating with it . 
  it is just hard to appropriate judge direct modern responsibility when the empire spent so vastly and did so much over two centuries before anyone alive today was even born . 
  more modern crimes have apparently been covered up and those perhaps need to be looked at . 
  it also does n't help when you have blatant bullshit like the falklands situation . 
  with argentina , a nation built on ethnic cleansing , calling out britain for colonial crimes . 
  fortunately i do n't live too close to a proven belligerent nation . 
  honestly russia has just annexed a chunk of territory out of the blue . 
  take your bullshit somewhere where denial of reality is appreciated . 
  it can be solved but defence also needs to be solved . 
  russia would in a heart beat if all of nato took this stance of letting other people defend them . 
  they tend to do it every 50 or so years . 
  fortunately poland are n't prepared to just leave their defence in the hands of others . 
  i do n't know if nato would ever fail to respond to an invocation of article v but it is much more likely to respond if the nation in question can defend itself and hold the line first . 
  europe can . 
  the question is does europe want to ? 
  thus begins the eternal war between good and neutral !, 
   do tell me how would one go about cloning it ? 
  how would one gain access to my bank ? 
  how would one go about voting in my stead ? 
  if you buy off one of the data admin clerks that control the actual entry of the details into the database you can put pretty much whatever information in there you want . 
  imagine your official id being tied to the biometrics of somebody else .
