  this is a far bigger problem . 
  i think both france and the uk could stomach increased commitments to each others causes . 
  it has been done before and the nations are n't that different . 
  are germany going to do similarly ? 
  will german troops defend the falklands ( not that i think we 'd ask ) ? 
  it is in the lisbon treaty that the eu recognises it as british . 
  there is a serious divide in spending and mind set in europe . 
  i 'm not sure integration is realistic while that is the case . 
  the apostrophies from `` its and it 's '' are backwards from normal usage . 
  if you ever can replace `` it 's '' with the name `` x 's '' then it should be `` its '' . 
  in this case `` it 's '' is `` west virginia 's '' so it should be `` its '' . 
  at least that is my understanding of it . 
  it is the craziest of all possible rules so is obviously correct . 
  italy has rotten cheese with maggots in it . 
  i do n't even know how you come up with such a thing . 
  ireland and the uk maybe are on a similar order to us states . 
  mainly because in the grand scheme they were one country not that long ago . 
  i would n't agree that other eu nations have a similar relationship . 
  hell some parts of spain do n't speak spanish . 
  i would n't call myself a socialist . 
  i just do n't see that much of a real power difference between myself and any working class person . 
  though the retiring part is interesting . 
  i 'd class someone 's real position as when they can retire . 
  i think the earlier you can retire suggests less dependency on the systems of employment and thus more real power over ones future . 
  class essentially is a measure of power over yourself and other via either legal or economic means . 
  the upper class had legal power ( and usually economic ) . 
  the middle classes were the richer people who had economic power over the system . 
  the modern definition of middle class is very different to the older one . 
  most middle class people have no economic power over the system . 
  i 'm a software engineer and consider myself working class . 
  most welsh translations are just the english name with a y replaced with an i. 
  most welsh town names are just anglicised welsh names . 
  so the bulk of bi-lingualism amounts to de-anglicising . 
  there are a few towns like swansea/abertawe where there is a real distinction . 
  a word who nobody knows what it means but we all insist on feeling it . 
  as a welsh man the criticism of english here has always been that the language is artless . 
  one of the core interesting features of welsh apparently is the introduction of words which do n't mean anything but improve the flow of sentences . 
  which is why welsh people tend to introduce superfluous words in english sentences . 
  i 'm not sure how much of this is true because i never took welsh seriously . 
  probably because i 'm an artless sod . 
  tbh i think a lot of people reject the term `` middle class '' because it is objectively meaningless . 
  there is n't a distinction between a man working in an office and one working in a coal mine . 
  neither gets any meaningful power over the direction of that which supports them . 
  as for `` learning the bad bits '' i think i can recall dresden being on the syllabus . 
  though it was presented as a debate between the military justification and a plain revenge act . 
  when your policy is the cause of the results that drive the policy there is no end in sight . 
  greece will fall further because of austerity . 
  germany will call for more austerity . 
  the sad thing is the failure of this policy is beyond question . 
  it is n't even debated in economic circles any more . 
  nearly every major economist who came out in support of austerity has since apologised and changed their position . 
  however politicians have welded themselves to the concept of austerity . 
  they do n't need to demonstrate facts . 
  they need to win votes . 
  the us has pretty much accepted that it is a transfer union . 
  california routinely pays huge sums of money to the rest of the union ( along with texas , florida , etc ) . 
  the poor states in the us are much worse than greece and are essentially propped up solely by tax transfers . 
  any large currency block has tensions . 
  hell there are tensions in the uk . 
  the regions the currency policy is run for essentially have to accept that they also have an obligation to give the wealth generated back to the losers . 
  that or change how the currency is run . 
  in the uk london benefits exclusively from how the pound is run and as a result pays more tax than the rest of the union ( though probably not by enough ) . 
  the eurozone will eventually have to be run similarly . 
  even if greece did run a surplus every year it is a recipe for perpetual poverty unless the way the euro is run changes to benefit them . 
  then germany will lose out . 
  originally the policy was only meant to apply to charities and volunteer work . 
  it was also meant to be strictly non-compulsory . 
  the tories naturally extended it so as to turn it into a workhouse style arrangement . 
  the northerners are the english ones anyway . 
  i love how `` english '' is an insult in wales . 
  in wales we have our own sub groupds : - kerdiffians - wish they were english . 
  not really welsh - north wales - confused liverpudlians - west wales - no one lives here - mid wales - even fewer people live here - pembroke - retired english colonists - llanelli - a wonderful family despite the genetic problems, 
  it is n't a good thing or a bad thing in a global economy with few trade barriers . 
  the bulk of any nations value is its internal consumption . 
  usually via services today . 
  some nations major on exports , some import a lot . 
  when a nation imports a lot the usual mechanism is the the exporters have to reinvest their money back into the nation who bought their stuff anyway . 
  for instance china has loads of dollars that can only really be spent back in the us anyway ( eventually , obviously they can change hands a lot while getting there ) . 
  for this reason exports are n't universally good and imports are n't universally bad . 
  if germany exports a lot it can only spend that money on products denominated in the currency of its partners . 
  if i buy a german car i exchange my pounds for euros and buy the car . 
  at some point the pounds have to come back . 
  what really matters is the internal picture . 
  there is no strength outside the internal economy . 
  exports are at best a supplement and at worse not relevant at all . 
  of course in the eurozone the internal picture is the whole eurozone . 
  because greek and german money is the same then it can cause a real flow of wealth out of greece and into germany . 
  the only real roadblock is they 'd have to formally ask for it so the spain 's veto is preserved . 
  as long as spain gets the opportunity to say no they 'll be happy to let them in . 
  also the idea that the un wo n't recognise scotland is appallingly silly . 
  they 've more or less recognised palestine . 
  when i passed my driving test i did so in a corsa . 
  i immediately bought a golf because i knew full well how uncomfortable a corsa is . 
  the eu should regulate against cars that look like that . 
  given the uk already does something like 50 % more research per head of population than the european average we can hardly be blamed for harming science . 
  i do n't think there are many avenues for cost saving in research . 
  scientists are not that well paid , tend to reuse equipment from ancient times and generally do all they can to stretch what resources they have . 
  how else can we keep two parliaments if we do n't cut vital research ? 
  the fight is heavily stacked against the bull . 
  put a lion in there .
