  the two sides are too far apart on inception for negotiations to produce a meaningful outcome . 
  how would ttip help ? 
  the fundamental problem with the euro is very straight forward . 
  if everyone tries to save money there is nobody to lend that money to . 
  it is impossible for net positive or net negative debt in a currency . 
  every euro saved is a euro lent ( even with fractional reserve banking ) . 
  ttip would only help if we think the us is so massively uncompetitive that they will end up owing the eurozone so much money that we can all run german style permanent surpluses . 
  effectively it would have to be a reverse bretton-woods . 
  without going into the geo-political ramifications of what would effectively be reversing the economic power balance in transatlantic trade lets look at the practicality of this . 
  the us even now is massively trouncing europe outside of maybe the uk ( i 'd argue the us is trouncing the uk and are so far ahead of the eurozone that it is like asking who is favoured out of ww1 germany and belgium ) . 
  the us will let its weaker states run deficits if that is to the benefit of the whole block , they are n't constrained by innumerate ordoliberalism that proposes that x - x can be greater than 0 . 
  they will understand that it is healthy for some to run savings , some deficits and for there to be transfers designed to find the overall best outcome for the us as a whole . 
  right now germany is effectively lending money to greece and co. 
  if they stop borrowing then germany has to stop saving , or find somebody else they can lend to . 
  the idea that the us is going to become a dumping ground for accumulated euro savings is the most bizarre concept i can imagine . 
  the structural reforms threaten to dramatically expand the budget deficits of these countries . 
  sovereignty is n't the issue . 
  brexiters primarily want sovereignty because they disagree with the decisions being made . 
  the whole thing is a smoke screen for getting their way having lost the debate in the agreed upon forums . 
  i note the brexit campaigners are happy to give up sovereignty on nearly every issue they agree with the eu on . 
  mine exploded on me two weeks ago . 
  well technically the retaining clamp on the clutch exploded and then the clutch took out the gear box . 
  fun times . 
  seems a dangerous idea . 
  if the car crashes how do you quickly get out of a closed cockpit ? 
  to be fair to youtube this is literally the only policy that makes sense with copyright law as it is . 
  deny all people with heritage to the original 13 colonies due to links with seditious extremism . 
  except the kettle is n't even black . 
  not really . 
  rome was fighting celtic tribes right in their earliest recorded history . 
  in fact the sack of rome by gaul pretty much starts roman recorded history . 
  germans came in towards the very end of antiquity . 
  though at the same time germans pretty much means `` barbarians rome was not aware of '' some of the germans were outright migrants while some maybe were there . 
  however celts were an established fact as long as greco-roman culture was . 
  well it is limiting future losses then . 
  i think that is what the imf are saying . 
  them pulling out basically means they do n't believe they are getting their old money back and are at the point where they want to limit losses to what is already lost . 
  i also believe partners in the general eu stability mechanism need to start asking questions as all this absurdity is being run by the eurozone . 
  i do n't see why non-eurozone members should keep funding the political insanity of the eurozone . 
  paying to fix the problem is one thing . 
  paying endlessly to not fix it is a different one . 
  the eurozone is running the situation and needs to be made to bare full fiscal responsibility for the outcome of their choices . 
  all other lenders need to limit their exposure . 
  if brexit happens we 're going to give it to morocco so they can use it as a refugee camp . 
  yeah but since when has anyone cared about what we want ? 
  we should be made to stay in the eu precisely because we want to leave !, 
  well it is pretty much expected for the actual payment to be lower . 
  50b is what is due but the uk `` owns '' a percentage of the assets of the eu which will be transferred to the eu on exit so that would lower the bill somewhat . 
  so it is still 50b being `` paid '' just not directly from the british tax payer in its entirety . 
  ca n't be . 
  elsass would be green then . 
  supporting the release of somebody who executed an unarmed prisoner in a premeditated action alongside brexit seems appropriate . 
  same family owns them today that owned them when they supported the nazi party . 
  it was always about playing up for domestic audiences . 
  all the tough line bullshit is . 
  i 'm still holding out hope for april 1st . 
  the eu have always been transparent . 
  though it makes sense to highlight the `` cards on the table face up '' approach to highlight just how stupid the `` we need to pretend we 're happy with nuclear war , otherwise we 're making concessions before the negotiations have started '' approach is . 
  the eu do the absolute exact opposite of what everyone is telling us has to be done for good negotiations . 
  obviously nobody has explained business 101 to them . 
  the funny thing is the euro was meant to bind a reunified germany . 
  chess has three dimensions . 
  move number , x , y. 
  that is n't what i said . 
  i said that the volunteer battalions can not justify the rebellion because the rebellion happened before the volunteer battalions existed . 
  putin disappears any politician who becomes popular enough to be known by more than 10 % of your population . 
  when you are actively disrupting the formation of potential political opposition it really does n't matter how popular he is . 
  that has never been the goal of sanctions . 
  in this case the goal of sanctions is to reduce the capability of russia to keep expanding their military . 
  that has been moderately successful . 
  if they were n't in rebellion there would n't be ukrainian volunteer battalions . 
  there are sanctions cutting their access to international finance . 
  this has given them absolutely no room to deal with the fall out from low oil prices . 
  normally russia would borrow to improve efficiency or simply to wait out the low prices . 
  they have been unable to do this . 
  they 've had to dip into their reserves to cover everything . 
  trump is pretty unique though . 
  he more or less says `` i 'm like hitler ? 
  well i think hitler was a pretty good guy . 
  do n't you know he made the trains run on time . 
  now i have the best trains '' . 
  yeah and a huge amount of british euroscepticism resulted from it . 
  yeah the map pretty much reads majority support in every nation that is n't true neutral or the uk . 
  tbh it is more or less a `` who actually has the free time to exercise '' table . 
  a barbarian brew . 
  i too question the point of nordic countries . 
  that is n't really true . 
  slavery was effectively banned in england from 1706 . 
  in the uk a further court case in 1772 reaffirmed that this ban held for the entire uk and that slavery was simply not recognised at all in any legal jurisdiction in the uk and never had been . 
  the 1833 slavery abolition act banned slavery in all the colonies ( and bought out every slave in the british empire using british tax money ) . 
  prior to this the uk had always been circumspect about applying british law directly to the colonies . 
  certainly the growing abolitionist mindset in the uk was cited many times prior to the us war of independence as a danger to the colonies there . 
  after that war it was decided to draw a strict separation between british law and colonial law to avoid future americas . 
  tv news is much better than news papers in the uk . 
  the bbc is trusted , pretty much nobody else is . 
  newspaper reading is a solid minority at this point though . 
  it is just that the most stupid members of society have been the last to give up the toilet paper . 
  welsh is in a bit of a strange spot . 
  as a second language it is growing strongly . 
  as a primary language it is dying .
