  was n't the stalemate broken because of some very remarkable strategic advances from the red army ? 
  mobility played a huge factor in their victories that turned the tide . 
  it actually surprised me how much the uk was involved in the pacific . 
  i mean it makes sense given the strength of the royal navy but we are nearly purely focused on the western front here . 
  france gets a bad wrap . 
  your generals were incompetent and your politicians were corrupt back stabbing bastards who took the opportunity of french weakness to run what was an effective coup . 
  the french public made occupation hell for the germans . 
  the resistance never went away . 
  the soviets could no more manage to cross their own territory with horse drawn carriages than the germans . 
   and western civilization 's current ascendency can be traced in the same way to the massive influx of new world ( and colonial ) riches ( robbed , looted or created from the massive new land resources ) all the way back to the 1500 's yeah the enlightenment , rise of empiricism and the industrial revolution had nothing to do with it . 
  the thefts in the 1500s and after were disastrous . 
  the influx of gold from south america almost destroyed the european economy . 
  the spanish empire literally thefted itself into death . 
  it was n't actually until the west started to develop serious technological advances that it became rich . 
  then mostly from selling advanced technology to other western nations . 
  the red army was only marching at all because of american trucks . 
  if they did n't have american trucks then they have to figure out how to cross frozen russian terrain using horses for their supply train . 
  the same problem the germans had . 
  it would be another napoleon situation . 
  undertaking rebellion after rebellion with a british blockade on the german economy until something stuck . 
  i 'm not sure that is winnable . 
  as in you are hoping that your enemy screws up . 
  i think it is not the volume but what they gave . 
  the russians made their own tanks but nearly their entire supply train was being managed with american trucks . 
  the germans tried to slog through russia using horses to draw their supplies . 
  the russians did the reverse journey using american trucks . 
  the truth is everyone would have lost without everyone . 
  it was the uk that actually pushed the us to bury the ussr in supplies . 
  without such supplies the germans would have beaten them . 
  so if the uk falls then the ussr falls and the us faces a continent buried in insanity . 
  if the ussr falls then britain and the us face up to a napoleon style conflict that lasts decades on end . 
  if the us did n't enter the war then functionally the other allies could not have won . 
  at best britain ends in an eternal stalemate with germany . 
  the red army could only move because of us lend lease . 
  so yes it would have failed . 
  the entire soviet supply chain was built by the americans . 
  with britain paying the americans huge sums of money to deliver this stuff to russia ( that is n't that the americans paid nothing of course ) . 
  wales is a kingdom in ck2 . 
  culture specific though . 
  i claimed all the brythonic cultured land then decided i should actually be roman emperor . 
  as if britain would just let russia invade portugal !, 
  do you know how many germans we will pay to fight before we allow such a thing !, 
  yeah , crusader kings 2 . 
  i 'd be amazed if there were any areas where english is n't common any more . 
  in the 60s they existed but the last known area where nobody spoke any english was buried under a reservoir that turned out to not be needed . 
  this map is obviously silly !, 
  glorious future is contained below !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/d3kctrl.jpg note all spanish independence movements succeed in future . 
   would admitting the scottish parliament as a house of parliament and creating special legislative procedures for `` federal '' legislation really be such a fundamental constitutional change ? 
  admitting it as part of the uk parliament certainly would . 
  that is one of the few changes that actually would shake up the entire structure of the uk . 
  frankly scotland could go as far as the old dominions of the british empire without changing the constitution . 
  i believe that is what salmond has in mind when he says `` devomax '' , i.e. 
  completely independent domestic policy , joint trade , joint currency , uk responsible for foreign policy . 
  i think cameron has something else in mind when he says devomax . 
   at the '79 referendum on devolution they said scotland would get something better if they voted no to be fair scotland did n't vote no . 
  you voted yes but failed some bullshit additional criteria thrown in . 
  the tories have effectively already offered devomax as the result of a no vote . 
  so this referendum is really at this point about independence or the maximum degree of self rule possible without fundamentally changing the whole constitution of the uk . 
  to be fair anti-semitics literally believed there was a conspiracy of jews out to conquer the world . 
  there are relevant parallels . 
  the real truth is russia has nothing to offer nations it wants to ally with it . 
  to the point where the eu and nato set extreme entry requirements and nations still bend over backwards to get in . 
  william of orange was n't a conquerer in any sense other than parliament moved the army to one side and let him `` present terms '' to parliament . 
  william was invited to conquer the country by parliament and was told precisely what type of country he was conquering . 
  if he rejected the compromise parliament was suggesting they always had the option of having the army stop with the whole standing aside part . 
  i 'm also not certain how de facto the republic was . 
  the monarchy was officially abolished by the rump parliament so they could execute charles i without a new monarch automatically coming to power . 
  then two separate constitutions were written up . 
  the modern commons + lords system came out of the second constitution and its continued existence pretty much implicitly establishes that all the legal fiddling that had happened up to that point was considered legitimate . 
   why does europe go through cycles of breaking up into small little fractures and then reuniting into larger states ? 
  what the hell is going on ? 
  why do so many people suddenly want to break off and form their little country ? 
  often enough the smaller regions feel betrayed by central government . 
  the eu does n't have a constitution . 
  it is currently held together by a bunch of treaties which can be exited in all the usual ways . 
  parliament has already done so several times . 
  inviting charles ii and william of orange to take the throne . 
  technically parliament is beholden to at least give consideration to the normative line of succession . 
  however they can actually change that law as part of the bill recognising the monarch to power . 
  the new monarch can then assent to this bill . 
  because of the legal fiction that the monarch 's reign starts from the moment the old monarch died this means that in actual fact this new monarch had every right to do this . 
  the land does n't belong to house windsor . 
  it belongs to the crown . 
  for instance if parliament asserted its well established right to appoint whoever it wanted as monarch then the crown estate would stay with the crown . 
  any republican parliament could just put a republican on the throne who 'd then officially transfer all the property owned by the crown to parliament . 
  it is not the personal property of the queen . 
  it is the property of the office of the monarch . 
   which they would keep if we became a republic no they would not . 
  why do people keep repeating this lie ? 
  they own the crown estate in the same way they technically own the entire nation . 
  the only legal mechanism the monarch has to transfer the crown estate into their personal ownership is an incoming monarch can refuse to sign the bill that recognises them as monarch and renews the corporation sole of the crown estate . 
  then there 'd be some legal wrangling which would probably end with parliament giving the crown to somebody else . 
  given that there would be no incoming monarch there is no opportunity to do this in any case . 
  regardless there is no world in which the monarchy automatically gets the estate if they were removed . 
  it would take a specific act of parliament to transfer the estate to them . 
  by default the property would default to whoever is seen as representing the office of the crown otherwise . 
  they did n't rebuild from scratch . 
  germany was barely touched by ww1 while france was left in ruin . 
  not according to the massachusetts circular letter .
