  the problem with austerity is there is no accepted failure condition for the policy . 
  we had rough predictions on growth given when this policy was started and the reality looks nothing like it . 
  no amount of disaster will change the minds of these people . 
  the great depression is the evidence . 
  since then it has been tried a few times with limited success . 
  the best example of failure is the current crisis though . 
  also you realise the broken window fallacy is called such because the argumentation is misleading . 
  for instance there was a big boom in manchester following its reconstruction after the ira attacks . 
  germany did very well before hand because it could control its monetary policy . 
  it does better now because it still can . 
  my concern is that germany needs that monetary control as much as greece . 
  if germany ran an inflationary model it would gimp them completely right now . 
  economies should not be that dependent upon monetary policy . 
  in either direction . 
  besides if everyone starts manufacturing germany will be forced to balance their economy anyway . 
  if greece said bugger it and poured all their resources into becoming a manufacturing power the german economy would face incredible competition and need to look for other sectors . 
  balancing becomes a two way street . 
  fwiw nobody is saying germany should stop manufacturing . 
  any more than britain should stop being home for financial services . 
  fault is irrelevant . 
  only a solution is relevant . 
  if you start running economics on moral grounds you create the environment for a disaster . 
  though it remains the case that the structural reality of the euro has aided the bankruptcy of the southern nations . 
  it is n't just about the ability to devalue currency . 
  one of the big problems with a shared currency is it does n't allow trade deficits to self correct for a start . 
  for instance if the uk imports that money can only come back to the uk . 
  there is no where for anyone to spend pounds other than britain . 
  this means that when we buy a german car a germany company must then invest that money back into the uk . 
  it ends up being a mutually beneficial relationship where both sides are generating follow on business from the transaction . 
  greece does n't get that and it is part of why they are struggling . 
  the fact is the imbalances of these countries * should have been dealt with before the euro was established . 
  gordon brown called it back when the uk considered entry . 
  there needs to be reform across much of europe . 
  germany needs to be less dependent on exports and greece need to be more so . 
  * and lets be clear , german ultra export policy is just as imbalanced as the greek model . 
  if monetary policy changed then the germans would be suffering heavily and the greeks would be the ones calling them feckless . 
  any model which is so narrow that a change in monetary policy leaves you dead needs rebalancing . 
  you are the one posting wishy washy bollocks about morale mate . 
  yes but that became a crucial part of what goes into a lot of modern dishes . 
  it was sort of adopted and adapted by india who saw the navy doing it . 
  then a century later that was in turn adopted and adapted by the uk . 
  or if you want to be healthy buy tap water . 
  i 'd say the best is yorkshire pudding . 
  not sunday roast in general but just yorkshires . 
  the rest of roasts are very meh . 
  curry was an indian thing but as i understand it the british navy invented what is essentially the modern curry . 
  it was designed to make bad meat edible for long journeys . 
  regardless a lot of curry dishes were actually plain invented in britain . 
  despite exotic sounding names . 
  deep fried mars bar ? 
  mainly because brussels fears the rise of russia . 
  a lot of russian politics in recent years has been about the expansion of the eu and how to stop it from boxing russia in . 
  establishing facts on the ground makes it trickier for russia to stop the project in future . 
  that said i think there should be a special treaty written up to allow new members to enter on less difficult grounds . 
  euro membership should not be required until the house is in order . 
  morale does n't deal with physical realities . 
  a lack of morale can cripple situations that have no functional failures . 
  however you can not solve a structural failure by bringing about an increase in morale . 
  the biggest crisis in the uk today is the increasing gap in wealth between london and everywhere else . 
  that is n't a morale problem . 
  that is a structural failure of the uk . 
  the ddr was by all accounts the wealthiest part of the ussr . 
  economic anschluss would have made more sense . 
  tbh money for free or not is n't really the question . 
  the solution needs to be all or nothing . 
  at the moment they 've reached a compromise where germany and others do n't really give them enough money to fix their problems . 
  otoh the southern nations do n't really give enough to be certain that they will reform and correct their behaviour . 
  this middle ground is the worse of both worlds . 
  it props up the status quo without giving germany the assurances it needs nor the failing nations the help they must have . 
  berlusconi is n't a bad leader because of his corruption though . 
  he is a bad leader because an optimistic fa\u00e7ade does n't serve any purpose . 
  you ca n't fix a country with it . 
  gah that picture is annoying . 
  i hope he is never close to pm but i could n't help but smile at it . 
  it might kill his chances . 
  he 'll have to appease the media even harder than normal . 
  only peter mandelson can get away with stuff like this . 
  mainly because every photograph the media take of him comes out mysteriously blank . 
  tbh i have no problem with this . 
  the real concerns are : 1 . 
  is the average consumer protected ? 
  is the contagion contained ? 
  if the answer to both is yes then the bank should either be wound up or bailed in above the 100k guarantee mark . 
  it does n't screw the eu economy to do this . 
  the fear is consumer flight . 
  the big creditors do n't have a lot of options . 
  they are only going to flee from cyprus to some other part of the union . 
  it will not cause a general collapse of the system . 
  a bank run from the general public might . 
  the plural should be eurii . 
  spaces do n't give enough distinction at a glance . 
  i did n't even notice the space in your numbers until i looked for it . 
  there is a reason it is n't used anywhere other than a standards document . 
  if we want to use the si system then i suggest we change the si system because it is currently a bad idea . 
  it does n't work because of deflation . 
  take cyprus right now . 
  if i had a euro i certainly would n't spend it in cyprus . 
  that economy is one going under and the euro is something i could hold while the economy tanks . 
  so my euro goes up relative to the value of the cypriot economy . 
  this in turn causes the economy to tank even harder .
