  yes it is n't as strong as position as physics . 
  however it is a not proven wrong position as opposed to the status quo which is proven wrong . 
  it is impossible to be right in economics but it is very possible to be wrong . 
  it is n't but compared to historical trends the recovery from this crisis has been utterly disastrous . 
  you can compare hard data to any time in the past century or so and fuck ups of this magnitude have n't been seen since the great depression which was the last time austerity was tried . 
  it gets irritating when the vast scale of the screw up is clear and apparent and austerity hawks will still refuse to admit they were wrong . 
  stimulus might not be the whole picture but at least it has n't produced the worse results in an entire era of western society . 
  krugman has the benefit of not yet being demonstrated to be wrong . 
  something those in favour of austerity can not sensibly claim . 
   krugman is a nobel economics prize winner . 
  who the fuck are you ? 
  it is rather irritating when nobodies on the internet shoot down renown experts and claim their viewpoints are beyond dispute . 
  honestly . 
  is the person who strongly believes the sun is the centre of the solar system biased in favour of heliocentric viewpoints or just right ? 
  what france has done can hardly be described as stimulus . 
  it is misleading though . 
  counties with small public sectors tend to have small public sectors because their overall economy is huge . 
  so they can afford the basic services with a smaller section of their wealth . 
  it does not in any way demonstrate that state spending is inefficient . 
  the entire troika bail out plan was based upon austerity . 
  reforms were `` nice to haves '' and have only become prevalent after greece did everything that was asked of it and got into worse and worse problems the more they did what was asked . 
  they claim that france gave their claim to spain . 
  france denies this . 
   but id say most love it because of development and better standards of living not because they share the same values as you . 
  out of interest is there any understanding at all that our development is because of our values ? 
  this point seems to be overlooked routinely but we have had huge advantages historically due to the free trade of information , liberalism and empowerment of people ( both lower classes and then women ) . 
  to be france can be damned belligerent when they want to . 
  i always used to screw up the tech tree and not be able to make alien plastics . 
  none of our politicians have the guts to force real reform on the military who complain whenever any of their cushy officer positions are threatened . 
  of course the military leadership do a good job of invoking public anger whenever reforms are on the table . 
  the ptolemaic model added a bunch of epicycles to improve the accuracy . 
  the problem is the system goes out of sync with reality to a huge degree within decades . 
  the kepler model even without correction for gr is good for hundreds of thousands of years before there is an appreciable difference between what the model says and where the planets actually are . 
  it is n't just spending less on military projects . 
  commitment to taking on corruption and performing economic reform plays a huge role . 
  the ussr was the only state in history with 100 % employment and huge queues for bread . 
  it was utterly dysfunctional . 
  the ussr was founded on top of a banana kingdom that had intentionally suppressed its own economy for centuries to avoid the rise of a politically active middle class . 
  when the previous leadership were basically kicking everyone in the nuts routinely it is easier for the new leadership to reduce the pain of the nation . 
  they are n't laws but by-laws . 
  a by-law naturally can not override national law . 
  it is n't a russian sub so it does n't matter if it blows up naturally . 
  it has actually been proven that the ptolemaic model can not describe accurately the motion of the planets relative to the sun no matter how many fiddle factors you put in . 
  well teaching people that we are all just really well localised waves that look a bit solid is not going to help anyone . 
  plurality is the term for the largest group in any vote like this . 
  macedonia and fyrom are in very different places . 
  modern macedonia only became part of macedonia after the romans rearranged the borders . 
  there is also a macedonia in greece which is where alexander actually came from . 
  the indoor ban had a bigger impact . 
  people do n't like being cold . 
  i doubt it . 
  it is no secret that murdoch despises the eu . 
  it would n't surprise me if the daily mail ended up begrudgingly supporting the union though . 
  euroscepticism could really die in this election . 
  murdoch is pretty much the champion of the entire movement . 
  his media are currently taking so many shots at miliband that if labour actually form government the gloves are finally going to come off when dealing with the yellow press . 
  murdoch is already nowhere near as important as he was but it could well be the end of him as a serious political king making force . 
  i think they are going to become very common . 
  the share of the vote held by the big two has dropped in every election for decades . 
  loads of areas of the uk have a long standing sense of betrayal at the big two parties . 
  essentially labour are only supported because the tories will be even worse . 
  the snp have managed to convince scotland they can be brought in without putting the tories in power . 
  to not surrender in many circumstances is to betray your nation . 
  the first duty of a defeated soldier is surely to stay alive so when your mates free you they can add you back to the front lines . 
  dying pointlessly helps nobody . 
  to be fair that is more than just being chivalric . 
  the peace treaty was pretty much based upon the ransom . 
  to have broken his word in this regard puts france back in a disastrous war with england . 
  to be fair poland is n't disadvantaged by being in the balkans . 
  surely it depends on which way they were facing and how strong their faith in marx was comrade . 
  there is less water on that pitch than there was on the park when i was 15 anyway . 
  when is rugby not underwater ? 
  it is n't rugby unless somebody has a risk of drowning . 
  no image puts police in danger . 
  it is a shitty excuse to avoid accountability . 
  did west germany claim east germany ? 
  this type of question inevitably becomes a no true scotsman . 
  russia is predominantly a european country in terms of people so they must be culturally european . 
  they are n't a culturally liberal country but their attitude is also a european one , albeit an older one . 
  they 'd have to surrender crimea to get in right now . 
   my theory on this has always been do you think we would be told if mass nsa level surveillance had prevented an attack ? 
  yes . 
  it is incredibly controversial and a victory would be screamed from the hill tops . 
  we were right , they were wrong . 
  the fact that there is zero public confirmation of any successes tells its own story . 
  tbh i 'm not sure if it is . 
  i live in the atheist spot in wales . 
  we will paint the map !, 
  it is n't just democracy . 
  russia would be better off with a liberal dictatorship frankly . 
  people forget that liberalism and democracy are not the same thing ( though they often go hand in hand ) . 
  russia has serious basic rights issues . 
  from free speech down to the right to not have your business stolen on a whim . 
  a country can not function in such an environment . 
  for all the noise she did n't want to leave . 
  if she had then it would have been done . 
  certainly there was nothing to stop her . 
  the only reason politicians are even prepared to ask the question about the eu is because they think the demographics have swung in favour of the pro-eu position permanently . 
  10-20 years ago a referendum would have been very likely to lead to an exit . 
  yes post rebate we ca n't really accuse cap of being a france financing tool .
