  you can get a lot more freedom on that lawn . 
  i do n't think anyone believes we have legal slavery . 
  it removes your ability to leave the person , or at least dramatically weakens it . 
  taking a person 's passport is an intentional move to put them under your power . 
  just because it is a shitty way of doing it in europe does n't change the intention of the act . 
  i think it is reasonable to call it slavery when the person is blatantly intending slavery . 
   how does this line come across as a joke ? 
  the implication being that `` still doing it now ... '' meant that germany are still killing people . 
  that doing so undermines their apologies for killing people . 
  tbh i think it is a cultural thing more than anything else . 
   confiscating her passport that effectively makes you a slave . 
  they 've taken steps to actively make it impossible for her to seek alternatives . 
   most of us westerners today do n't work 1/10th as hard as our ancestors . 
  because there is n't that much work to do . 
  ideally work weeks would shrink and people could spend that time in the gym . 
  basic income started off as an economic idea . 
  basically we 're talking about a negative rate income tax . 
  i was wondering if they were perhaps joking . 
  they really should stop . 
  otherwise it undermines their apology . 
  / / edit - i 'm slightly bemused that my rubbish joke has started serious discussions . 
  everyone has an effective opt-out . 
  all the treaty requires is that you join at some future date who 's timeline is entirely up to you . 
  sweden can say `` we 'll join the euro in the 41st millennium provided conditions are right '' and they 'd be within their rights . 
  pretty much all parties will support it . 
  the public wo n't be given a choice beyond voting ukip . 
  even they do n't really care about immigration . 
  ukip are happy to use immigration to get what they want but it is n't a topic that is particularly important to their leadership . 
  i do n't think success or failure matters . 
  there is a group in europe who basically uses the uk as the primary agent pushing economic reform . 
  if we left they 'd be exposed to whatever crazy ideas france has recently . 
  bit odd given this was the war where everything changed . 
  canonically , at least prior to disney , rule under the sith always saw vast technological advance . 
  hell the dark side is pretty much responsible for nearly all progress in the star wars extended universe . 
  most deaths were on the eastern front because both sides were executing all prisoners . 
   uk does not want to share the same currency to be fair that is because it was economically insane . 
  i 'm not saying the euro would have been an easy sell in the uk but there were and are huge glaring issues with it . 
  imagine the greek crisis but with the uk instead . 
  i 'm not sure we can begin to understand how that would have unfolded . 
  surely german is just mashingwords togetheruntilyourentiresentenceisone . 
  just an excuse to militarise the border before we steal all your corporation taxes . 
  i doubt it . 
  university educated brits are nearly uniformly in favour of the eu . 
  still accurate . 
  tbh it is a bit of a meaningless belief . 
  cameron has publicly supported the idea of a two speed europe . 
  it was fun seeing all the pro-russian people in / r/worldnews try to present the cheapest gas deal in history as a master stroke by poltico-chess grand master putin . 
  what those sell is not a commodity product . 
  eesti looks more into russian on this graph . 
  if you used brooms you would not have this problem . 
  given the veil has only been a requirement of islam for about 50 years this feeling can just be disregarded . 
  the opt outs are n't from threatening to leave . 
  the opt outs come because every nation has a veto on new treaties . 
  aside from belarus this shows exactly what i just showed . 
  the nations russia is trying to sway are basically all facing absurd energy prices designed to force those nations into dependency . 
  but then they 'd have to see all their friends die . 
  ironically they give nations like britain and germany far cheaper energy . 
  nations who russia want as their friends pay higher rates . 
  the irony is the economic collapse was only stopped by socialising the banks . 
  yes but your miracle is all based upon exports , there is no local strength in that economy , all your demand is external . 
  if everyone else adopted your methods you 'll find exports falling . 
  in the same way relativity discredited newton yes . 
  that is why nobody uses newton 's laws anymore . 
  western europe was n't free . 
  we did it first . 
  france were culturally suppressing their regions from napoleon onwards . 
  the west started it , very successfully . 
  then we moaned when the phenomenon spread eastwards . 
  europe did n't fit into neat borders . 
  we basically ethnically cleansed our way to where we are . 
  people forget the ottoman empire was a decaying joke of a state for a century . 
  the truth is they never recovered from that . 
  the situation in the middle east can be compared to the collapse of the roman empire . 
  that took centuries to resolve . 
  if you can get somebody who earns # 38k a year to want to marry you then yes . 
  i would expect people to pass it but it is utterly meaningless . 
  honestly football questions on a citizenship test is like asking about hitler 's art preferences when joining the nazi party . 
  it is related but utterly irrelevant . 
  how is the economy 's potential measured in this instance ? 
  merciful like xerxes . 
  that is n't really true . 
  britain initially pursued a policy of outright indifference to the affair . 
  britain was brought into the war during the lunacy of the early revolutionary governments who near literally declared war on everyone in europe . 
  thus an argument between austria and france about the rights of hre principalities became a european war . 
  if i understand this the greeks are trading action now for promises that they 'll get help once the political climate is more settled in 2018 ? 
  that is exactly the kind of deal that got us all to where we are today . 
  the greeks at least seemed to be under the impression that help later had already been promised during the very first bail out phase where greece could have left the whole thing crash down . 
  a song about killing or being killed by germans . 
  most of the leave campaign is the sun and daily mail which are the most read papers in the country . 
  that is the public facing moderate version of their policy . 
  they were asked to explain what they meant by it . 
  you understand that concerned citizens meant people the bnp chose ? 
  effectively they had assault rifle armed brownshirts as an official policy . 
  obviously it was aliens pretending to be russians in collusion with the cia . 
  it amazed me a few years back how many people were unaware that the bnp had a policy of legalising ownership of assault rifles for concerned citizens . 
  you have to ask the question if they even need to be joined together in the era of the eu . 
  i mean we do n't want to piss off france or austria today and have n't had a war for a while . 
  you have to question why belgium exists anymore . 
  to be fair you have n't got to sail around the world to prove it is round . 
  it was proven round in antiquity .
