  i 'm not sure about enthusiasm . 
  the eu is a complete necessity . 
  i do n't know if people have been paying attention but the individual european nations are about to be surpassed by a host of former colonies . 
  maintaining european power to preserve our standard of living requires a degree of co-operation not seen in over a thousand years . 
  pharma is the only major swiss advantage that would take time to adapt to . 
  even then the uk , germany and austria have huge pharma industries that could pick up the slack relatively quickly . 
  the best interests of the eu would be to draw a line against picking and choosing . 
  it is a long term policy rather than a short term c/b approach . 
  comparative advantage only works if the nations in question are not interfering with their own internal markets . 
  for instance pure free trade with a nation like china would not be in our interests . 
  china effectively screws over its own people to keep a more general advantage with the west in trade . 
  it could dramatically improve the lot of chinese overnight by revaluing its currency but it would lose a lot of competitiveness internationally in doing so . 
  nations do n't always act rationally . 
  in fact most nations have historically shown a trend of protectionism which would be disastrous if operating openly with a free market nation . 
  this is the trade off inherent in the eu market . 
  most nations get something different from the market than others . 
  the uk would like further service sector integration * because that is what we are good at . 
  the ` downside ' is economic migration into the uk . 
  picking and choosing is saying you want others to make deals with you that only benefit yourself . 
  nobody is going to do that . 
  * and fwiw german resistance to reforms on this are as self interested as switzerland pulling out of the free movement of labour aspect . 
  i certainly hope if cameron is to throw a fit it is about this rather than trying to pick and choose which rules we obey . 
  usually countries that stimulate make more in gdp growth than their debt increases by . 
  3.5 % would be shouting from the roof tops growth for most developed countries . 
  2 % is normalish growth . 
  3.5 % is solid growth for a country of romania 's stature given the current economic climate . 
  i think the problem is more that if you have referenda every 5 years then nothing gets done . 
  imagine if a family discussed divorce every time they were planning a family holiday . 
  that is roughly what eurosceptics want . 
  nah it is all a conspiracy !, 
  every researcher and study is bought and paid for . 
  the only ones you can trust are our unreviewed independent research !, 
  it is n't a trade block . 
  it is a market . 
  these are different things . 
  a market includes a labour market , a service market , a financial market and a trade zone . 
  how can you have these without immigration ? 
  why insult polandball this way ? 
  obviously it is the eus fault . 
  this is a plan to conquer the uk by flooding us with belgian black magic and then giving us aid !, 
  you realise the horse meat thing came about because of a ban on mechanically recovered meat ? 
  something which remains legal in the us . 
  arguably there are more reported cases of mcd in the eu because we regulate more closely . 
  the us as mentioned still allows the practices that led to mcd . 
  russia banned eu pork because it is being a silly bugger as usual . 
  it really depends upon the type . 
  the eu uses the precautionary principle which is a very different strategy to the compensation principle of the us . 
  one day when they are n't looking germany will creep up behind them . 
  then when sweden turns germany shouts `` surprise euro ! '', 
  and takes all of sweden 's kroner off him . 
  when i was there they had a giant post with brazilian ronaldo drawn on it . 
  that made them awesome immediately . 
  bigger = more acceleration = higher energy collisions . 
  it really is just about smashing stuff together to see what comes out . 
  soon to be replaced by the dyson hadron collider . 
  a giant ring built with a radius of 1.1 au . 
  i do n't get why we went for diesel powered carriers . 
  that is the biggest mistake . 
  we do n't have catobar because there was no electric based system when we started . 
  they all used the steam from the nuclear plant in their operation . 
  the eurofighter ca n't launch from carriers . 
  if we had cats and traps i 'd rather we get rafales or f/a -18 s though . 
   what 's more surprising is that far-right political parties are crossing borders and forming `` alliances '' even within the eu parliament . 
  in a sense , they are setting aside their guiding principles in order to work together , to have the freedom to act against each other at a later date ... 
  i do n't think anything has actually changed . 
  the nazi 's believed most western europeans were in some form or another part of the master race . 
  they just felt that they were the closest and most enlightened to the truth . 
  it is important to remember that , desire for revenge aside , france and britain were never the target of ww2 . 
  this pan-europe fascism is really just an extension of the old principle which casts a wider net of european exceptionalism . 
   although the customer service is rarely outright bad , they just do n't do the overly-friendly american thing . 
  which is nothing to do with bad customer service . 
  this is good customer service for the target audience . 
  it irritates most people i know when the staff kind of hover around . 
  privacy is valued more , as daft as the concept seems when out in public . 
  tbh the obsession with ' a la carte ' is a problem . 
  some things are obviously fundamental and should be obeyed by all . 
  others can have room for leeway . 
  others completely optional . 
  this is n't a problem . 
  obviously switzerland have broken something fundamental and the eu needs to decide how it is going to react to that . 
  well at the moment we are doing a national impersonate venice day/week/month . 
  so it is like we have some italy here . 
  the colonisation will continue !, 
  everyone can understand missing car wheels and radio . 
  it is a fundamental language . 
  yes but if you migrate to germany and speak english in work you are essentially a hermit . 
  you need to speak german to go to shops , go out with mates , etc. 
   your pension is supposedly funded by yourself during your working life , right ? 
  sadly this is n't the way it works . 
  even a generous growth rate of 8 % a year puts pensions at something like 60 % funded . 
  the vast bulk of pensions are payments from working tax payers that can only be funded due to population growth . 
  ukip does n't even go to the continent . 
  they just collect their welfare checks while staying at home . 
  we mock you because we like you . 
  that is the way it works in the uk . 
  when we are being overly polite we are insulting you . 
  britain is a permanent one season of british weather . 
  the uk has a tradition of holding votes on a working day . 
  this of course does n't discourage voting in the slightest . 
  of course he can .
