  the only difference is both sides have a guillotine clause they can use to kill the entire relationship . 
  effectively both the eu and switzerland have access to the swiss suicide button . 
  did n't petain and weygand both get pardoned ? 
   and they cant be folcified weary easely if you believe that i have a bridge to sell you . 
  all you need to get a concrete id is access to a minimum wage entry clerk who you pay to produce an id which is genuine , even has records , but does n't actually match you . 
   how will you know hes a criminal if he cant prove who he is ? 
  because you have evidence and a description . 
  id cards are so trivially forged it is n't as if a person with an id card saying `` totally not criminal '' can be trusted anyway . 
  french tanks were actually superior to the german equivalent easily at the start of ww2 . 
  not defending the ardennes was a mistake . 
  what actually cost france was politicians sacking their general and replacing him with a fascist sympathsizer during a critical 24 hours during the defence of france . 
  said fascist sympathsizer decided to shelve all decision making for 24 hours while he had a nap . 
  he then stalled on ordering the counter attack for another day . 
  weygand turned the difficult situation gamelin had left him into an outright rout . 
  the extra time given allowed the german infantry to catch up to their panzers . 
  this closed the window france had to slash the german army in two and trap the german tanks behind the french lines . 
  this done the french government ordered a retreat westwards . 
  french fascists took the time when everyone else was out of office to orchestrate a surrender . 
  they were able to pass whatever legislation they wanted with most of the french legislative body in transit . 
  i 'm frankly amazed that france did n't string up everyone involved with the vichy coup . 
   if a criminal is caught with no id he is caught and goes to prison , is this so hard to understand ? 
  how does this differ to a criminal just being caught . 
  note i 'm rejecting the lack of id as a crime as it has no victim . 
  there is no difference beyond a completely artificial crime . 
  the uk system just has a major benefit in that innocent people never have to think about this issue . 
  right which is not something a criminal will ever care about . 
  it is all minor compared to what actual criminals do . 
  the only people who could ever actually suffer are people who are not intending any harm . 
  i do n't think we are going to get anywhere with this conversation . 
  the british mentality is that the state exists at the sufferance of the population and not the other way around . 
  any institution that suggests otherwise would necessarily be removed . 
  [ our police would not exist at all if not founded on this kind of principle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peelian_principles ), 
  tbh france 's collapse in ww2 was unique and spectacular . 
  however the conditions that led to it were also unique and spectacular . 
  then the id is worthless . 
  it can only identify the innocent . 
  the police should not care who the innocent are . 
  there was a big late drive to get people registered as the leave campaign put up a false registration page . 
  a lot of people attempted to re-register in case they were duped by this . 
  norway and switzerland have freedom of movement as well though . 
  nah we got away with our evil stuff . 
  to be fair france has historically been pretty good at war . 
  even in 1940 you ca n't really blame the common french soldier . 
  their generals and their back stabbing politicians maybe . 
  if i 'm a criminal i 'm certain i 'll obey the law to carry id on me . 
  it is n't . 
  i suspect many of us would choose france so we can be somebody worth annoying ( assuming we ca n't pick britain obviously ) . 
  5000 years or something . 
  the general british attitude is unless you are committing a crime or there is an immediate and obvious public need the police should n't be bothering you . 
  ni is subject to a temporal distortion that keeps it permanently 40 years in the past . 
  as a result of this the ni population is actually voting on the previous exit referendum from 1975 . 
  warsaw 1939 needs to be included . 
  as a brit i 'd just like to guarantee the independence of the shire against all aggression from mordor . 
  to be fair if the shire was between gondor and mordor the sentiment would have made less sense . 
  every politician in the us is right wing . 
  honestly  25 % in church is a lot of piety . 
  in the uk the number is < 2 % . 
  yes but the ether was never an accepted theory . 
  it was a proposed solution to an outstanding problem that had not gained acceptance . 
  the first attempts to demonstrate the hypothesis ended up disproving it . 
  even by the standards of the time lord kelvin was way out of the norm . 
  the newtonian world believed the universe to be no more than a million or so years old . 
  that being roughly how long gpe could power the sun ( and they did n't know about fusion ) . 
  this is precisely applying a theory beyond where it belongs though . 
  yes but they are pretty accurate for national votes like this . 
  people tend to bet as they vote . 
  47 % is a huge amount . 
  i think during the peak of the two party doldrums of british politics no leader got that much . 
  germany have already been held accountable . 
  congratulations erdogan you just successfully implemented your foreign policy . 
  to be fair that border gore required a serious response . 
  yes but most schools ignore the law . 
  people exaggerate the uncertainty in theory like this . 
  scientific theory is generally correct within the areas within which it has been developed . 
  what occasionally happens is that the theory is extended to areas beyond that and then it falls down ( for instance trying to predict the evolution of the universe using newton ) . 
  not a single fact about those theories is undone by learning more . 
  newton did n't suddenly became wrong about earth bound mechanics just because it turned out it was an approximation to the truth . 
  scepticism is a way of thinking in the same way nihilism is a moral code . 
  what should be taught are the means of inquiry . 
  treating everything like it is equal would require we spend several centuries in education . 
  this kind of view is usually just a lazy excuse to avoid having any views at all . 
  or sometimes to hold views that are obviously objectionable and attempt to create a false equivalence between it and everything else . 
  timecubism is the most important form of cubism to be added . 
  i 'm theoretically in favour but right now we are too far from it being practical . 
  the french stance on economics , the german stance on foreign policy and the british stance on identity are all out of sync to the point of direct opposition . 
  even if we leave it 'll still require france to abandon dirigsme and germany to end the isolationist foreign policy to bring europe into sync enough that a real union could hold . 
  admittedly i 'm ignoring every other nation , actually achieving a union will still be a complicated process of appeasing 27/28 members . 
  it 'll be a shit storm if we leave anyway . 
  the politicians will almost certainly vote for eea membership which will skirt the only issue most leave voters care about . 
  on this it is pretty representative of the age group . 
  younger voters are massively pro-european . 
  if anything the oddity is how strong the internet leave group is . 
  most younger voters are in favour of staying . 
  it is the retired who 'll take us out of europe if anything . 
  i believe it does but we have semi-official ways of dodging such things . 
  like the leader of the opposition traditionally swears an oath to the queen but republicans always claim to have knee or back pain so they can avoid the appointment . 
  though most oaths in the uk can be done in a theocratic or non-theocratic way . 
  nice to see the tradition of selling salvation is upheld in the colonies . 
  i 'll admit coming from atheist wales i 'm not the best judge but this does n't look a great deal like a church . 
  why did they stop making flags yards short ?
