  what will instead happen is the eurozone will bumble along until some other event creates the unity needed to fix it . 
  even if it casts off all the greek style members you 'll still have a subtle transfer from the weakest member to the strongest . 
  except this time it 'll be france losing out and they will just destroy the euro before they capitulate like greece did . 
  they did it before with the bretton-woods system when the us told them that the dollar subtly robbing europe was just the way it was going to be and europe could pay its debts . 
  this is the great irony of the whole mess . 
  we 've subtly recreated bretton-woods in our mechanism to preserve europe from currency oddities transferring our wealth abroad . 
  yes but is still more painful to both the eu and greece than just bailing them out . 
  in the end the money will be lost when greece default anyway ( or whittled away by inflation ) . 
  at least with a straight forward bail out it would have been lost with a valuable outcome . 
  still we 've seen that mutual self harm is the norm in the eurozone . 
  it ca n't be changed easily now . 
  the precedent will mean everyone in future will just look out primarily for their own interests and that will cause the currency block pain for decades . 
  they actually capitulated to save largely german financial services on the understanding they 'd be saved when times were better . 
  guess they know better in future . 
  i think most see in israel , as the vastly more powerful party in the conflict , responsibility to seek an end to the crisis . 
  hard question to answer right now . 
  both france and the uk have dug their heels in over the passport dispute . 
  if the us did abandon israel and they turned to one of the other veto wielding members you 'd see serious concessions extracted in exchange . 
  russia are unlikely to back them because syria is a core ally of them . 
  practically a deal with russia would include the return of the golan heights likely . 
  china might back it purely on their campaign against international law even being a real thing . 
  the king simply can not do anything . 
  the whole monarchy in the uk is largely predicated on the fact the queen just does what the pm tells her . 
  maybe after lecturing the pm but fundamentally she does what she is told when it boils down to it ( with the greatest irony their current general approach to pr and media handling was imposed on them by tony blair after the diana crash ) . 
  we 've not seen her act in a situation where there is no pm . 
  real royalists i suspect would fully support her picking whoever but most of the uk public are under the impression that practically the queen is a marionette . 
  an elected president might be biased but at least his authority is justified . 
  he can use it in places where he needs to use it but there is no other authority to guide him . 
  each country has its own approach to this . 
  the point is you can not just tear up the constitutional framework of a country on a whim . 
  this is actually one of the reasons constitutional monarchy does n't work . 
  an elected president could actually resolve deadlocks like this . 
  a monarch has no business wielding the powers they wield and yet sometimes those powers actually need to be wielded . 
  well the alternative would be to use / s tags and i 'd rather be downvoted !, 
  what do you meant there is a direct transition of power ? 
  the duchy of muscovy annexed a bunch of the other princes and created their own nation . 
  it was not a direct successor to rus in a legal sense . 
  other than the capital and a vast chunk of the land not being russian ? 
  basically modern russia is a state formed by the borderland territories of kievan rus that extended into a territory that largely had nothing to do with the original territory . 
  the bulk of kievan rus is basically ukraine and belarus . 
  it would be like england claiming historical ownership of the legacy of saxony . 
  kievan rus is not russia . 
  why does the bbc hate russia ? 
  no help to anyone if our base burns down while we save bikinilady . 
  any nation with a lot of history would skip this i 'd guess . 
  most westerners are n't even aware of the siege of vienna . 
  hey you did n't need to save those people anyway . 
  if in doubt back to the ~ ~ sky ~ ~ searanger and we can always cower in base until the aliens go home . 
  i still have nightmares about trying to take on lobster men with harpoon guns . 
  what about this is fair microprose ? 
  tbh i 'm not convinced the brexit 's are ultranationalists . 
  they are just allied with ultranationalists on a bunch of issues . 
  still wrong of course . 
  i 'm disappointed it does n't look like this . 
  the us does n't have a secular constitution now ? 
  the only real difference between the union of england and scotland and britain and canada is back then the monarch had power . 
  even so england and scotland maintained completely separate legal identities until it was formally turned into a union . 
  today the monarch has no mechanism by which they can turn a personal union into a legal union but the term is still correct . 
  the dominionship was just a way of saying `` part of britain but not directly under parliament '' . 
  a personal union does n't combine the states . 
  that is why it is a personal union ( a union under the person of the monarch ) rather than a legal union . 
  any state where nations share a monarch but not a legal structure are correctly termed a personal union . 
  yes eu4 has monarchs that actually have power . 
  it is unlikely to diverge as we pretty much request permission of the monarchy before changing succession laws . 
  to use the eu4 term , the queen presides over a personal union of 16 different thrones . 
  people seem to think nationalism has been something that has been there for a thousand years . 
  in truth nationalism as we understand it dates to the mid 1800s . 
  maybe if you really stretch it you could draw the origins back to napoleon . 
  people point to westphalia but that was about legal demarcations and rights rather than nationalism as a feeling inherent to people within a nation . 
  at best this is a temporary phenomenon . 
  germany is still effectively a nation that was drastically reduced in size with the population of the larger nation forcibly migrated into the smaller rump germany . 
  the low birth rate is the result of this as their population normalises to the size of the land mass . 
  degaulle wanted to avoid american influence and to set the cap in stone so that if britain did join we 'd spend half our existence within the eu trying to do something about how insane it is . 
  integration still can not happen because germany and france are diametrically opposed on foreign and economic policy . 
  the eu is in a strange place as germany , france and britain are sitting on a triangle where each member is diametrically opposed to the other two on a core competency of the state . 
  britain and germany are allied on economics , france is diametrically opposed . 
  france and germany are allied on identity ( the concept and drive for some kind of shared european understanding ) , britain is diametrically opposed . 
  britain and france are allied on foreign policy , germany is diametrically opposed . 
  given that foreign policy is currently outside the competencies of the eu this effectively weakens britain and france ( who have little shared interest in the eu ) and strengthens germany who gets to play both sides . 
  however if britain drops out it would still leave germany and france opposed on foreign policy . 
  it would also remove germany 's leverage over france on economics . 
  i doubt germany would be so keen for integration if it meant to a return to french dirigisme being treated as sane within the eu . 
  i think the eu would unify the moment one of those parties drops opposition on their core issue . 
  if germany changed its foreign policy norms then defence could conceivably come into the eu 's competencies . 
  you 'd remove the feeling that germany are quietly orchestrating the whole union as france and britain would suddenly have common ground . 
  if britain lost the opposition to unified identity then the problems could be resolved through normal political processes . 
  the current political model does n't quite work because of a sense of other . 
  the concept of cross national political parties is still treated as bizarre in the uk . 
  if france dropped their economic norms then economic integration would proceed at a pace to be utterly irreversible . 
  more i believe the dropping of any of these positions would drive the dropping of the others . 
  however right not each is pretty much written into the fabric of each nation in question . 
  well that is n't true but obviously debt is the least efficient way of doing this . 
  australia and nz can be territories in the new western empire . 
  no understanding actions of politburo my friend . 
  the original plan was for the free french to stay on the march to berlin . 
  france was going to be run by a military government like the defeated axis nations . 
  de gaulle decided to take the free french to liberate paris and establish his own government . 
  i think it was built over time . 
  suez might have been the final straw . 
  they eat rotten fish in scandinavia .
