  i saw red and white and thought `` austria , loves germany , no shit '' . 
  then i felt stupid . 
  encryption is fundamental to e-business . 
  it is n't going anywhere . 
  it is impossible to both have an internet that is useful for business and to put up a meaningful filter . 
  where are the dutch when you need them ? 
  i would formally like to invite any surviving dutch person with a tenuous link to william of orange to invade britain forthwith . 
  good luck with the breaking through encryption part . 
  there are fields medals and turing awards alike in the future of this new police service . 
  or maybe not . 
  yes we have bigger problems to deal with which is precisely why we should n't be creating more at great expense . 
  the estate is owned by the office of the monarch but is run by the government . 
  the government is liable for any losses the estate makes and gains any profit . 
  the first line of the wikipedia article states  in the united kingdom , the crown estate is a property portfolio owned by the crown . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crown_estate the crown can be seen as being the office of the monarch . 
  essentially the crown estates belong to the monarch in the same way the white house belongs to the president of the us . 
  it is property of the office . 
  there is a provision for the monarch to dissolve the estate when they take the throne . 
  charles trying to get the government to buy his homoeopathic voodoo medicine is not interference ? 
  ironically more people visit versailles every year than visit the uk . 
  the definition of french historical royal land marks . 
  there is no way the monarch would refuse to step down if a republican movement hit that stage . 
  the real difficulty in republicanism is all the media are monarchist and it is impossible for a republican to sit in parliament . 
  there are loads of fire breaks that will stop the movement ever gathering the momentum needed . 
  yeah the crown estate belongs to the crown which is n't something easily defined as `` the property of house windsor '' . 
  it is instructive to consider what would happen if we invited a different royal house to sit on the throne . 
  the head of state must be called the lord protector in the uk . 
  it is tradition . 
  also it sounds cooler than president . 
  there is a distinction to not wanting to change the system and being actively in favour . 
  one that is often intentionally overlooked by monarchists . 
  the real question is if the uk suddenly became a republic , how many would switch it back ? 
  that is closer to your real figure for active monarchists . 
  in my experience people do n't care one way or the other about the issue . 
  i do n't think there are laws banning speech . 
  however it is functionally illegal for a republican to sit in a political office in the uk . 
  for instance sinn fein win a number of seats in ni but ca n't sit in parliament because they refuse to swear loyalty to the queen . 
  a plaid cymru ( welsh nationalist ) am was kicked out of the assembly for calling the queen `` mrs windsor '' . 
  pretty hard to campaign for a republic when it would be illegal to talk about forming a republic in parliament . 
  the only way a republic could form via the political process is if republicans won enough seats to turn parliament into a farce . 
   there 's never been an organised republican movement before . 
  tell that to cromwell . 
  he had a rather organised republican movement . 
   fuck them and their natural sphere . 
  agreed entirely . 
  i know a lot of former ussr and warsaw pact members feel strongly about russia . 
  the article seriously misunderstands international politics . 
  we do n't give a shit what russia does internally . 
  we certainly are n't going to start a war over russian corruption and political prisoners . 
  where we were spineless is more the external picture . 
  stuff like litvinenko , ukraine , georgia . 
  at the same time the more aggressive russia is a response to what it sees as eu encroachment on its natural sphere . 
  that is actually how things are supposed to work . 
  you are supposed to cut into cyclical expenditure while increasing overall spending . 
  with a mind to drawing in the increased capital spending when the economy recovers . 
  instead it has become a silly debate about cutting money right now or saving all the things that actually need to be fixed . 
  neither side is actually pushing for good economics . 
  do n't worry portugal . 
  if you fail we 'll call you lazy feckless iberians to stimulate the drive needed to get yourself out of poverty !, 
  the question is why does iso define the country different to the wishes of the nation . 
  also do people in the hellenic republic identify more with that name or greece ? 
  i do n't think plans to create a great nation state are ever a good idea . 
  when such unions come they should be ` obvious ' like say german unification was . 
  i believe that politics should be conservative and should avoid grand schemes wherever possible . 
  however that is probably just my britishness showing . 
  the # 60m is for a shipment of tea and flags to put on the moon . 
  damned americans got there first but the scramble for the moon is not lost yet !, 
  not surprising australia and germany are the ones that suffer most . 
  these are the nations with the most illiberal laws on gaming . 
  studios probably charge more there to offset the costs of any modification they need to make . 
  we used to be when pounds were up to $ 2 . 
  now we are poor we are not being ripped off . 
  you cant have soulless fun without sin . 
  no idea . 
  just think it is fun that people report changes that are effectively 0 on the order of the headline figure . 
   then there is the small issue that the number of people in employment only rose by 0.016 million to 29.7 million that one is even better . 
  employment went up from 29.7 m to 29.7 m for certain values of 29.7 m. 
  actually route planning is np hard . 
  it is the text book example of an np hard system . 
  we use heuristics to solve that . 
  some train lines are automated . 
  the london underground is all but automated . 
  my point was more that driver failure was to blame for most of the train crashes in the uk . 
  most of these problems are np-hard . 
  we are running heuristics and naturally i have my concerns when lives are in the hands of heuristics . 
  for instance it could be possible that the google car drives like a maniac and only avoids collisions because drivers treat it like somebody driving like a maniac . 
  when all the cars are google cars maybe they wo n't share the same consideration . 
  it is hard to be certain because that is the nature of heuristics . 
  an heuristic that does a great job at keeping a car safe in current normal traffic might be completely useless at the same job in traffic conditions created by automated cars . 
  no doubt it will work one day but care must be taken when overreaching with the results . 
  i 'm amazed they have it working at all in any conditions . 
  the london underground works that way . 
  air navigation is a great deal easier than road navigation . 
  you can fly in roughly straight geodesics in a plane . 
  cars are all about weaving in and out of traffic and navigating road networks designed by idiots in the victorian era . 
  got to love it when your change is reported at a different level of significance to what the headline figure is stated at . 
  proof that government can into statistics . 
  the software is the computer . 
  there is n't a distinction between software and hardware other than the mechanism used to implement . 
  the hard part about automated travel is the algorithms .
