  germans with their misunderstanding of where the borders of their empire actually lie . 
  this is the new maps britain is using to plan our foreign policy . 
  we are adopting the chinese strategy . 
  obviously you guys need to organise a giant game of musical clay to sort out who goes where . 
  serbian albanians can swap with bosnian serbians . 
  then they can do more swaps . 
  eventually everyone is settled down and you can all go back to hating turks . 
  ctesiphon was the parthian capital . 
  note where it is in this map . 
  it is worth noting that this was the only decisive war between rome and the persians . 
  we did n't have romans . 
   see welsh and other insular celts but they 're arseholes there was zero distinction between the celts and britons in bc . 
  same race , different factions * . 
  a distinction did n't arise until the saxons and angles convinced a fair number of you that you are actually german . 
  * technically you could argue that gaellic/brythonic are different races, 
  tell that to trajan . 
  if britain was russia we 'd claim ireland as an area of historic interest and send troops in to subjugate you . 
  i suggest the fact that nobody in the rest of europe is russia is very much a good thing . 
  i 'm beginning to think we are too far from the americans to see this deal through . 
  which is sad because it surrenders the economic advantage liberal democracies have in the world market . 
  sometimes necessity can also be impossible . 
  i 'm sure all this will come out during their trials . 
  to be fair when they start blessing their weaponry they deserve a little derision . 
  at least when they start blessing it with faith that does n't stem from the god-emperor . 
  no match for holy promethium my friend http://modsreloaded.com/downloads/e55txo3eon/e55txo3eon.jpg, 
  if there is nobody around wales are probably playing england in rugby . 
  try a pub . 
  bring body armour in case we lose . 
  bring body armour in case we win . 
  at all other times of year do whatever really . 
  nobody cares about that stuff anyway . 
  while this is true technological advantages only gets you so far . 
  israel has an incredible advantage over egypt and co. 
  it does not over turkey . 
  lots of people predicted it . 
  gordon brown more or less said `` here 's a bunch of stuff that is never going to happen , that must happen for the euro to be a success '' . 
  poland is going to build a barrier of apples on the ukraine/russia border to keep the russians out . 
  sounds like a complete surrender to the russians . 
  germany more than anyone should be aware of the dangers of appeasement . 
  it multiplies your enemies rather than reduces them . 
  the eu really needs to do something about this . 
  personally i 'd go for some kind of trade solidarity . 
  that if russia bans apples from x then the eu will institute an export ban to russia of apples from the entire union . 
  you know if sweden were to invade denmark and finland while we are integrating norway , chances are nobody would be able to do anything . 
  there was no provision in the iraq mandates for war without a new unsc resolution . 
  well it obviously needs a rethink in shape . 
  the intent was to stop facebook from holding your information forever . 
  the right was intended to be `` right to delete my account '' . 
  it has been overly broad and obviously needs to be reigned in . 
  however it will be interesting to see if you can meaningfully provide the right without making an excessively broad law . 
  somebody will upload a virus to the mothercar . 
  all other countries are run by little girls . 
  eu still wins . 
   feel free to educate me and provide proof instead of gloating . 
  that is n't how it works . 
  you made the extraordinary claim, 
  the conflict is very little to do with the eu . 
  the two sides split over that issue but in truth this was about a yanukovich power grab that previously the political forces in ukraine were prepared to wait out . 
  further power grabs from yanukovich convinced them that they could n't wait anymore . 
  the `` coup '' was not about joining the eu . 
  it was about the president pissing all over the ukrainian constitution . 
  also the last major military actions from the west have been libya with a un mandate and mali who invited france in . 
  iraq is the only obviously unethical war in a very long time . 
  tbh china is still light years away from matching the technical expertise of the west . 
  they 've invested loads in their university system but their scientific output is still low enough that nobody would notice if they stopped producing any research . 
  really depends on the establishment . 
  there are three tiers for me : 1 . 
  ordinary shit pub - lager given that lager was designed to be tolerable in shit pubs 2 . 
  middle of the road , clean their pipes regularly and use proper equipment - i 'll go with any standardish ale . 
  decent beer pub - i 'll let the barman recommend . 
  it is n't that technically they do anything different to the middle of the road pubs . 
  it is that good beer pubs will generally have publicans who know their trade and know the local breweries . 
  this has always been how this type of thing worked . 
  when the us planned their campaign for independence ( not yet intended to be a war ) they stalled their export ban to allow certain actors an opportunity to get themselves into shape . 
  the point of trade sanctions is to hurt the enemy . 
  not yourself . 
  china is n't a replacement for europe . 
  they do n't have the high technology base , the financial services or the large consumer class . 
   firstly , mathematics is certainly man made . 
  it is the study of specific things . 
  but that which it studies clearly exists naturally . 
  the mathematics does n't actually study anything natural . 
  what is natural about differential geometry ? 
  it is a system that allows you to study n-dimensional spaces . 
  so yeah one particular instance of n-dimensional spaces is real ( the 4 dimensional one ) but that does n't make differential geometry natural in any sense . 
  however if an alien who 'd never met albert einstein was to formulate the mathematics to express n-dimensional spaces he 'd either : 1 . 
  come up with exactly the same mathematics as einstein did 2 . 
  be wrong the logic behind human rights deals with ownership * and how we decide who owns the person . 
  fundamentally there are three possibilities . 
  ownership of everyone by society . 
  ownership of each individual by themselves . 
  ownership of the many by a selected few ( however that is cut ) . 
  the final case needs justification for this upper class that has never existed . 
  it is correct to presuppose equality in the absence of any good reason not to . 
  so lacking any reason to accept a nobility as just we end up with either self ownership or communal ownership of the person . 
  ( there is an argument about why communal ownership is absurd but it is lengthy and is n't really necessary to demonstrate that there are good sound logical reasons for human rights . ), 
  if we look at murder . 
  murder is taking ownership of a third person and ending that person 's existence . 
  under both of our remaining systems this is obviously prohibited . 
  in self ownership only the person can end their lives in normal circumstances .
