  marriage or not is a choice and governments should avoid taking part in social engineering . 
  fundamentally no government in a liberal democracy should be picking social winners . 
  if somebody chooses to undertake an expensive choice then they should bare the cost of that expensive choice . 
  if somebody decides they are going to be single forever then the state should n't rob them of their wealth to pay for those who decided on a different path . 
  it is n't meaningful to sane people . 
  however it was government departments that were talking about dumping ms. 
  they tend to believe that patents are a real thing . 
  the ribbon was just ms attempting to create an interface style that they could patent . 
  the biggest problem they faced was firefox and ooo were just copying the ui of their major programs . 
  note they changed all their uis in one big swoop and they have patents on the new ui designs to stop copycats . 
  it is a former soviet territory , aks are likely their standard assault rifle , and since she 's part of the opposition i 'd assume she 's afraid of the government . 
  if you move in wales only 6 miles you 'll never be allowed to forget you are from 6 miles away . 
  even if you live there for 30 years . 
  so therefore i 'd be a welshman living in foreign territory . 
  tbh the chances of them making a head shot are probably less than the chances of a bullet just going through this vest anyway . 
  these vests really are n't designed to stop 7.62 s. 
  they went on a massive spending spree about 18 months ago . 
  they tell the public this is austerity . 
  ironically it looks like the deficit is now doing to decrease massively because of economic growth . 
  we finally have growth comparable to the immediate year after the crisis in which brown stimulated and produced 2 % annual growth . 
  the wonders of `` austerity '' . 
  in the first year of the tory government they stopped a lot of capital projects . 
  that is what tanked the economy back then . 
  since we 've seen a lot of money available for projects like road building . 
  we are spending on permanent one off expenditures and that is the big change . 
  when you run austerity this way it looks remarkably similar to stimulus . 
  no the deficit increased the previous year . 
  it is actually set to decrease a fair bit this year due to economic growth and increased tax take . 
  wales : people west of me : inbred . 
  not really welsh people south of me : wish they were english . 
  not really welsh people east of me : actually english . 
  not welsh . 
  newport looks like it is actually part of the gaza strip . 
  people north of me : north wales is a myth perpetrated by people who are n't welsh . 
  all of wales has a reputation of being divisive but this is a myth . 
  when you discount the people who are n't actually welsh you can see we all get along just fine !, 
  has the economist ever said france is doomed ? 
  their complaint was always that france ran an effective permanent ` beggar thy neighbour ' economy . 
  if you are the only person doing it then you 'll do better , at the expense of your neighbours . 
  it only becomes a disaster when everyone starts doing it which is what the eurozone has been heading towards since the crisis kicked off . 
  of course it is a tricky challenge france has as the last real dirigiste economy in europe . 
  they have the hardest task reforming because they are the last . 
  ah it is the old nonsense about people being on welfare because of perverse incentives . 
  not because there are no jobs anywhere . 
  in this particular case the implication seems to be that greeks should accept poverty as a way out of the euro noose . 
  getting rid of welfare would undercut greek wages and create internal deflation . 
  the telegraph blog is probably reasonable . 
  this is n't a sane solution to the problem . 
  anti-depressants fix the chemical balance in the brain so that you can recover . 
  they are n't a solution to the problem no . 
  the only solution is to find out what was depressing you ( generally the people who get depressed are those with unreasonable responsibilities ) and stop doing it . 
  then the anti-depressants can speed the recovery . 
  at least this is my laymans understanding . 
  of course it could also be that denmark tends to diagnose and treat depression properly . 
  whereas in the uk at least depression is something where you literally have to go way off the deep end before you 'll get taken seriously . 
  people do n't take anti-depressants so much in the uk because of under diagnosis and outright cultural resistance to treating the illness seriously ( look at the number of people in the uk who 'd say `` we all get depressed some times '' ) . 
  not because they are n't depressed . 
  depression is rampant everywhere . 
  the difference is in the uk people will make fun of you for it . 
  in denmark seemingly they treat people . 
  i had hoped for more context from the wsj article linked but it seems both produce the quote but not the reasoning behind it . 
  the telegraph is perfectly correct that systems exist for people and should be moulded for the realities of human existence . 
  however without more context it is hard to say if schaeuble is as crazy as this article is meant to portray him as . 
   take the danes , for instance . 
  true , they claim to be the happiest people in the world , but why no mention of the fact they are second only to iceland when it comes to consuming anti- depressants ? 
  wait so a more comprehensive approach to mental health issues correlates with a happy nation ? 
  who 'd have thought it ? 
  this is like saying `` britain claims to have the lowest cholera rate on the planet but do you know they spend more on antibiotics and sanitation than any other nation ! '' . 
  i am completely unsurprised that taking steps to dealing with mental health and chronic depression makes a nation happier . 
  britain dropped no bombs on libya . 
  britain was the largest empire that ever existed . 
  is is surprising london got huge ? 
  it really is n't as much about how strong the economies within it are as much as if there is balance between them . 
  a uk entry would give a massive increase to held euro reserves internationally . 
  pretty much every holding currently in pounds would become euros . 
  it would make the euro a more prestigious currency . 
  however the internal balances would be screwed up even more . 
  britain would put additional pressures on the euro because we need an inflationary currency . 
  it has always been a requirement . 
  with the exception of the uk opt out every eu member is theoretically committed to joining the euro . 
  i 'm not quite sure why such a basic and incontrovertible fact is so controversial on this subreddit . 
  the eu has tried to push a hard line on euro membership . 
  could yes . 
  should , not for the foreseeable future . 
  i think a lot of commentators had it right when they pointed out the us was a nation long before it had a single currency . 
  i think if the uk joined it would come after political union . 
  not really the same thing . 
  the pound was a trusted currency . 
  when we started buying euros as a reserve against the pound it passed some of that legitimacy back onto the euro . 
  at the time we were literally the only external actor buying into the currency . 
  imagine greece with an economy ten times the size . 
  now imagine greece has nukes . 
  now you are going to tell this greece to pay its debts . 
  how do you think this would have turned out ? 
  it is the best thing for both the uk and eurozone that we were n't in . 
  on top of this a lot of the early strength of the euro was based around the boe buying heavily into euro reserves . 
  without that external boost it would have been a lot harder for the euro to shake off the early fears . 
  of course all this assumes the uk behaves as we did if we had joined the euro . 
  in all likelihood we 'd have spent a lot less . 
  brown pretty much predicted the mess that would occur in the eurozone in an economic crisis .
