  in terms of `` we can screw everything '' they are a superpower . 
  their actual practical ability to enforce themselves on other nations around the world is limited though . 
  for instance a russian invasion of france or britain is laughable whereas the us could theoretically contemplate such a scenario . 
  russia has been settling russians into conquered territories for far longer than 1945 . 
  tbh i think these claims come from the west more than anything else . 
  there are people who actually have delusions of competency . 
  if anything the west has a system designed around the innate incompetency of systems whereas the ussr had a system that depended upon competency to survive . 
  the problem with the western system is while it wins you can not so easily guide it . 
  people forget that changing the entire thrust of relationships between two super powers and a huge trading block does n't happen overnight . 
  there is a lot of talk flying around at the moment , including but not limited to : 1 . 
  increased nato presence in poland . 
  a revised ttip that includes energy and is as focused on security as raw economics . 
  increased energy security in the eu ( more green , nuclear , shale and an energy union . 
  reduced russia imports ) . 
  renewed official containment policy . 
  there are a lot of ideas being thrown around but it 'll take a decade to actually achieve these points . 
  russia has set up the board for a conflict that will last a generation . 
  people should n't be expecting checkmate on the first move . 
   mostly agreed , but it is still in action nonetheless . 
  actually the us officially ended it a while back . 
  comparing the archaic russian tanks to what britain , germany and france field is bizarre . 
  the modern composite armours used by the west are effectively invincible against the weapons russia mounts . 
  in fact the west does n't even have a tank that can destroy its own tanks . 
  if 2000 russian tanks came up against 100 british there would be no losses on the british side . 
  if russia actually caught up with western technology on this front the tanks would shoot each other until they ran out of ammo and then drive home . 
   us promised ussr that it would not expand this is a myth . 
  no promise was ever made . 
   i do n't get why people think this is some grand power play by the eu . 
  because some people believe in the illuminati . 
  it is easier to make conspiracy theories about illuminati if you phrase it in terms of real things that exist . 
  the eu is about as coherent as a bar brawl on the matter . 
  germany does n't want to piss off russia . 
  france does n't want any eu expansion because it dilutes their power . 
  britain wants all eu expansion because it reduces the threat of federalism . 
  eastern europe in the meantime will take any opportunity it can to put some kind of real or imagined barrier to inevitable ( given history ) russian aggression against them . 
  how people can look at this situation and drum up a grand conspiracy of the eu illuminatus is beyond me . 
  the eu precisely does n't have a coherent policy on this . 
  if it did then russia would n't have even had the opportunity to do this . 
  the actual cost of buying off yanukovich was far less than what we will spend to deal with this aftermath . 
  it really does n't need conspiracies . 
  if the eu was as coherent as the conspiracies suggest then russia would be in no position to act aggressively . 
  it is precisely because the eu is a talking shop of divergent sovereign nations that russia can act this way . 
  yeah you guys seem to know where everything is . 
  viking heritage i guess . 
   i remember herds of skinheads `` patrolling '' parts of a city ( in the 90s ) and chavs ( `` tracksuits '' ) vandalizing public property at night . 
  they all disappeared in a few years after poland joined eu . 
  tbh that is probably more to do with improved economics rather than `` bad people '' leaving . 
  people are people . 
  wtf ca n't british people find mexico ? 
  / / edit - oops i was reading the graph backwards.still 51 % is poor . 
  only 79 % can identify the us as well ? 
  the problem is who guarantees this ? 
  at the time the uk was supposed to step in between greece and turkey . 
  that obviously did n't happen . 
  a lot of the difficulty is in establishing exactly who stands as guarantor should greece or turkey go insane again . 
  the uk is not reliable in these matters anymore . 
  the us is too far away . 
  the eu will be seen as pro-greek while turkey is not in the union . 
  who else has the power ? 
  russia would just annex a chunk of cyprus and claim it has always been russian . 
   if we really want a settlement there is no other way than for the two sides to put on the table the 2004 plan , the most comprehensive plan prepared in the last 40 years , and discuss which and how many changes can be made to it . 
  and by changes i mean those that have been made necessary by the fact that 10 years have passed . 
  was n't the 2004 plan rejected basically because kofi annan came up with the brilliant idea that the turkish side was entirely in the right and the solution was for greek cyprus to basically give in to every turkish demand ? 
  i do n't know how you drive such a plan towards an equitable solution . 
  i 'd suggest even mentioning such a plan can only hinder solutions . 
   if i was rich , i would rather be rich in stuttgard than san francisco , because i would be less hated - i would be seen more as a contributor than as an enemy of equality . 
  i agree with the first paragraph but this is n't true in my experience . 
  the us has people who literally treat the ultra-rich as demi-gods . 
  in europe there is more a tolerated acceptance of the status quo . 
  nobody knows how to increase taxes on the rich without them moving their money offshore . 
  to be fair an independent veneto is an hilarious idea . 
  especially given the history of the serene republic . 
  they only have laugh tracks when somebody makes a shitty joke . 
   the kind of angry class-war , eat-the-rich rhetoric of blue-stater `` liberals '' ( i.e. 
  average redditors ) is generally missing here , and especially does not represent regional differences . 
  seriously ? 
  europe used to have actual socialists . 
  they still exist in some places but are n't anywhere near a majority anymore . 
  british and irish culture are much much closer to each other than either is to anywhere else in europe . 
  yeah and that is why the partition happened to begin with . 
  the uvs threatened to drown both ireland and the uk in blood if the partition did n't happen . 
  if anything the violence would likely get worse should ni join ireland which is pretty much why ireland is pretty cagey on the whole subject . 
  there is also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/llywelyn_the_great also welsh aid was a pretty decisive factor in the war of the roses . 
  the tudors were pretty much a cadet branch of the dinefwrs, 
  / r/paradoxplaza is already mapgore . 
  free trade is a cornerstone of normal state relations . 
  spain would be saying it is going to treat catalonia like north korea just because it wants to be independent . 
  that is n't a reasonable position . 
  it would also screw spain as much as catalonia . 
   i find the idea of `` rights '' existing on a european level a bit odd . 
  in my mind rights are a global thing and can be enforced on a national basis . 
  strange given that we wrote the treaty in question . 
  the echr was literally the last good act of the british empire . 
  we imposed it on europe after ww2 . 
  the question is if your average american even knows latvia is in nato ? 
  if the question said `` should the us defend nato member latvia ? '', 
  would there be a different result . 
  yeah that is what a cold war is . 
  reduced trade , investment and co-operation . 
  obviously we have to replace power stations anyway .
