  a second chamber only has no purpose if its make up so mirrors the primary chamber that it is just a rubber stamping exercise . 
  the george cross thing is all i know . 
  they held off the luftwaffe with 6 fucking gloucester gladiator biplanes until we got there to relieve them . 
  i 'm british . 
  i 'd declare a war on sobriety . 
  t-totalism has been a rising trend in the uk . 
  i know at least one person who does n't drink and two others who only do so half heartedly . 
  this increasing sobriety has made us aware of how utterly fucked our country is and therefore is the root cause of the problem . 
  i propose making britain great again by restoring our traditions of drunkeness . 
  taxes on alcohol will go down . 
  the police will be given a mandate to go around ridiculing those people stuck in the house on saturday . 
  when everyone is pissed to the point you are all speaking welsh accidentally we will be unaware of our problems . 
  thus resolving all our issues for all time . 
  it is called expansionary austerity . 
  people are pretending that `` nobody expected it to go well '' . 
  the truth is the conservatives behind this were talking about confidence and crowd out . 
  the withdrawal of the state creating room for the private sector and thus easing the fall . 
  people were living in cloud cuckoo land . 
  in a wider sense it is about politics though . 
  the reigning political narrative picked the winner in the economic debate . 
  it just happens that winner was talking a load of bollocks . 
  you can see the problem on here even . 
  people still do the whole `` pay your debts greece ! '', 
  thing even with the walls of civilisation falling around them . 
  that is the real issue at hand . 
  the growing narrative of people who are lazy and people who are n't which has distorted the economic reality . 
  the a-levels also do a lot of stuff on the degree . 
  in fact it is the other way around . 
  manchester physics for instance retaught the maths a-level in the first 6 months on the course . 
  when i queried this i was told it was essentially so foreign students ( i.e. 
  americans ) wo n't be caught out by the calculus uk students had already covered . 
  turkish could be a descriptive term ( a turkish bath ) or a plural for the turkish people . 
  in this case the sentence is a contraction that essentially says `` the turkish people know how to protect oneself from tear gas '' . 
  yes but it does n't just cover wealthy . 
  i came from a working class family which was relatively well off by national standards . 
  you were expected to do well in school and go to university . 
  we generally had what most would term middle class aspirations but tell that to my father and he 'd bite your head off . 
  the culture in wales is just different . 
  the whole concept of a class system is pretty abhorrent here so we must all be of the lowest class ( or all of the highest , it would have been silly calling miners upper class though ) . 
  it is n't a new thing . 
  it is something that runs all the way back to roman times . 
  breton and welsh are both brythonic dialects . 
  though having looked it up the actual vocabulary is very different . 
  at least as far as my limited understanding of cymraeg goes . 
  they appear to be different colours on the map though . 
  just close enough to confuse people . 
  portugal may have surrendered to napoleon but britain never shall !, 
  i 've honestly never seen that . 
  admittedly i grew up in the only part of the nation where you could be both a millionaire and working class simultaneously . 
  in the case of `` americans know how to put a man on the moon '' the americans and the man are different objects . 
  in the statement `` turkish know how to protect oneself from tear gas '' the turkish and oneself are the same object . 
  that is why one is correct and the other is n't . 
  not really . 
  turkish is a plural so it should be themselves . 
  he could have said `` a turk knows how to protect oneself from tear gas '' and that would have been correct . 
  mixing a plural with a singular is jarring though . 
  canada does n't have the economic clout to stand up to them . 
  theoretically the eu does . 
  now whether the eu can find the political will to do so is another issue . 
  fleur is obviously a man 's name . 
  in my experience people in britain are not fluent . 
  language education in this country is terrible . 
  i know semi-colons exist but they make me nervous ; i never know where a comma is more appropriate . 
  all of this is why we love you and hate you . 
  all the manly nords are living in warming parts of europe . 
  having invaded the shit out of everywhere . 
  this is what happens when you name towns descriptively . 
  though in this case it is fake . 
  they artificially constructed the longest town name in the country . 
  according to wiki the towns original name was llanfair pwllgwyngyll ( st mary 's church in the hollow of the white hazel ) . 
  they added the extra bits so they could enter the record books as a publicity stunt . 
  that is the law . 
  the settlement where the coe handed its schools over to the government included a requirement that faith is part of the curriculum . 
  yes muddle through but with more crazy panic measures . 
  market confidence would soar . 
  right now the expectation is that the euro is going to crack up or at the least euro denominated debts are going to be subject to ongoing and unpredictable hair cuts . 
  qe would actually be safer . 
  that is a predictable mechanism of devaluation rather than the unpredictable ones like bail ins and hair cuts we 've dealt with so far . 
  the key point here is n't that qe is good . 
  it is that qe is less bad than the alternative . 
  that said qe ca n't be the whole solution . 
  japan has it right . 
  qe to keep everything afloat while they spend money like crazy getting the economy going . 
  there are lots of really cool stuff around the surviving parts of roman britain . 
  it is under appreciated by a culture that until recently treated that as something to extinguish or ridicule . 
  one thing that is overlooked is all the brythonic kings claimed to be matrilineally descendant from emperor constantine . 
  there was some daughter of constantine who married a king in britain who spawned all the kingdoms that were here before the saxon invasion . 
  in turn the house of lancaster had matrilineal links to the house of dinefwr in wales . 
  so henry tudor was a direct descendant of emperor constantine ( admittedly female line of a female line ) . 
  he probably had more legitimacy than the york house anyway . 
  this was also what ended welsh independence for centuries . 
  a lot of the independence sentiment was predicated on the normans being illegitimate invaders who overthrew illegitimate invaders . 
  as soon as a recognised heir to roman britain was on the english throne the welsh rebellions stopped over night . 
  the british way is to insult people we like . 
  insulting people we do n't like would be impolite . 
  it is worth noting that the uk position is reasonable because everyone ignores the rules . 
  technically uk schools are supposed to enforce prayer every morning . 
  none of them do . 
  in the uk i pretty much make rough calculations in my head before suicide crossing . 
  spending 3/4 years living in a city means you either risk death or die of old age .
