  the us ca n't just leave nato because a huge number of its bases are british territory . 
  the us can live without them but unless it is going to outright annex these territories it will hurt american force projection . 
  why do you think the iran issue suddenly moved ? 
  that was the trade . 
  a useless concession the russians could sell to their population in exchange for hanging iran out to dry . 
  international law . 
  handing a bunch of people passports and pushing a migration campaign does not create a new legal state no matter how much russia wants it to . 
  ironically russia cries holy hell about china doing to russia what russia does to georgia and ukraine . 
  they should be very careful unless they accidentally legitimise a chinese claim on siberia . 
  legislation should be handled by parliament . 
  tony blair famously pushed for an eu security treaty because it was apparent such a law would never pass in the uk . 
  so he pushed it for the eu and then turned back to parliament and said `` we have to do this , the eu has mandated it '' . 
  this is abuse and the eu mechanism needs to have checks against it . 
  i really dislike this trend to explain away plebiscites . 
  i 'm not saying that it is wrong but with enough wiggling you can justify undoing any democratic decision . 
  it was always the purpose of iter to achieve ignition . 
  at various points they have come close to giving up because of defunding . 
  the link below states  if not , then the only foreseeable hope for fusion power lies in iter , a $ 20 billion facility under construction in france that uses magnets instead of lasers to induce fusion . 
  though saddled by their own logistical and financial obstacles , iter physicists hope to achieve ignition and start work on a magnet-based fusion power plant by the late 2020s . 
  hard to express racist thoughts without a hint of racism . 
  british aid is about securing contracts . 
  the budget is a giant slush fund for back handers to ensure we get the business we are after . 
  that is why it does n't get cut . 
  that is why the tory party have massively extended it . 
  ukip know this as well as any political party . 
  it is just an easy thing to attack because the tories are never going to reduce the slush fund budget . 
  it really is grim up north . 
  that really depends on if the rest of the eu would meekly surrender to french efforts to make the continent economically irrelevant . 
  the uk in terms of size is important but the most important function of the uk is our resistance to the insanity of dirigisme . 
  i personally think , without the uk , germany would take up the position as cheerleader of non-insane economics . 
  or perhaps put one of the other northern nations at the front ( the netherlands maybe ) and stand behind them . 
  i can not begin to imagine the eu would quietly go back to what it was . 
  now whether the eu would push on and make further economic reforms is another issue . 
  the french voted against the last treaty on this . 
  as did the irish and danish . 
  it will be the first that should produce net energy though . 
  however expensive it is . 
  also they fail to note that nearly everything in iter will likely get thrown out once it works . 
  iter is a political project to put an end to the `` lol fusion is always 30 years away '' stuff so we can actually see realistic funding for fusion in our life times . 
  i 'm not sure we should be pandering to the spanish governments attempt to distract their population from more pressing issues . 
  let them get on with whatever they want to do and pursue sanctions after the fact . 
  giving them publicity now will only strengthen the distraction and make it more likely that they would do such things in future . 
  better ignored until it is an issue . 
  i think it is the same old bullshit in the uk . 
  because we have `` adequate communications infrastructure '' we do n't get the same investment in new stuff . 
  one of the sucky things about being part of an historically rich nation . 
  thanks to the wonders of the free market not only are prices as high as ever but i can now actually get 3g if i impale myself on the transmitter tower . 
  it could still be done . 
  admittedly you need air power to properly pull it off now . 
  there is an airport there iirc . 
  you do n't need to be part of the schengen area to avoid border fees . 
  they are illegal under various eu laws . 
  there is no shortage of things people can be doing . 
  though there needs to be a cultural shift for the economy to recover . 
  pretty soon the vast bulk of us will be working on services and products that would have been considered disposable luxuries in the recent past . 
  for that to happen there also needs to be an expectation that the common man can afford such disposable luxuries . 
  this will happen because companies want profit and even an automated factory ca n't make money if nobody can afford to buy . 
  we are part of the wider system . 
  we just are n't part of the specified area . 
  regardless it would be illegal to put up anything more than passport controls on a british border . 
  where do i vote for members of the council ? 
  it is n't any different . 
  the uk generally complains about legislation because of the way the system works . 
  france and german go behind closed doors and agree on the legislation before anyone else has had their say . 
  that is an intolerable way of working even if the legislation was fundamentally sane ( and more importantly balanced ) . 
  the political mindset is a big one . 
  we need to get away from germany and france having discussions with the exclusion of everyone else and then proposing policy . 
  it is unacceptable to run the entire union this way . 
  even if other members technically have a veto nearly every debate is framed by this process . 
  it is why the union seems so lopsided at times . 
  not to mention nations are hammered for vetoing policy they were not given an option to guide in the formative stages . 
  it is the problem with big tent political movement and why they are nearly always an abhorrent concept . 
  this said the tories are a big tent political movement . 
  did n't france have a policy that it did n't have colonies , only more france ? 
  i believe it has among the most lax laws about migration in the eu . 
  yeah and that is why graphs like this are misleading when you talk about what people mean by `` immigrant '' . 
  most of the immigrants people hate in the uk were born in the uk . 
  yeah everyone does it . 
  britain just does n't lie about what it is . 
  at least we want an open conversation about the direction of the union . 
  as it stands the view seems to be more of the same with backroom deals being veto 'd by the uk . 
  the union certainly ca n't go on like that . 
  it is worth noting that france has benefits for britain leaving . 
  if we leave they start making a net benefit from the eu in terms of funding . 
  if we leave the primary opponent of the anti-democratic eu system of eu leaders creating laws that override democratic parliaments in member nations is gone . 
  france is never going to be the party that seeks to help the uk . 
  we stand on the opposite side to them in political tradition , economic mindset and the technical reality of raw numbers . 
  it has a rather strategic position . 
  britain could still close the mediterranean from gibraltar . 
  it would be illegal to charge for a uk citizen to enter a schengen country . 
  britain are part of the agreement . 
  we just have passport controls . 
  the uk is not eclipsed by germany in academic output . 
  scientific citations per head of population is something the uk pretty much trounces the world at . 
  the real issue is that the real ground breaking research does n't translate into industrial output . 
  the companies that do the follow up research ( i.e. 
  think apple ) are the ones that tend to make money . 
  look at skylon right now . 
  who wants to bet they 'll resolve all the major issues then an american company will make a lot of money based upon the technology ? 
  seen it all too many times .
