  that has forced the church to pick a position and stick with it which is a big part of why it has lost popularity . 
  if we still had medieval literacy the church would be talking about how people listened to jesus on their ipod . 
  the clergy was already able to read and interpret the bible . 
  the clergy adapted interpretation to keep up with what was socially viable . 
  in the case of the catholic church they did n't go as far as some would have liked . 
  christianity is only moderate because the forces of society have beaten it into submission . 
  half of them do n't even believe in god according to surveys . 
  the coe was literally founded to do this . 
  if it did not it would not be the coe . 
  there are a huge number of people who 'll simultaneously claim to be christian and not believe in god . 
  i can not even comprehend how you come to that position . 
  a bit problem is the government intentionally phrases the census questions to maximise the number of people claiming to be christian . 
  if christianity was still a serious force the west would look like the middle east . 
  the same forces that marginalised christianity are the ones responsible for our prosperity . 
  it is more likely that people will just return to believing whatever . 
  religion is dying as a unifying social force and becoming a private thing which the state should n't care about . 
  many people also refuse to see the huge number of places where christianity has nothing to do with secular ethics * . 
  i mean yeah christianity at least gets `` do not kill '' right . 
  i suppose it at least gets the ethics of a 7 year old right . 
  most of the rest was conveniently reinterpreted after the enlightenment started to properly define ethics . 
  * i 'd like to see the biblical passages supporting womens rights , free speech , democracy , etc. 
  you know , actual ethics our nation is founded on . 
  well you remember the passage of the bible that says `` and the lord spake ` let the fuckers pay for themselves ' '' . 
  but cultural appropriation is their right as an x/y british person . 
  you mean the people who 've been freed . 
  there are celtic writings that entirely predate the roman empire . 
  though a lot of these use greek lettering . 
  inflation might not have been understood but it did happen . 
  being ignorant did n't mean it did n't suffer greatly . 
  it also does n't change the fact such an inflation crisis would have been impossible if the roman empire had n't enforced the use of their money . 
  without a large body like the empire people would have simply treated such a currency as worthless and sought alternatives . 
  the roman empire also did attempt price fixing as a solution to the inflation crisis . 
  diocletian gave his edict on maximum prices in 301ad . 
  it was disastrous and caused all manner of economic problems in the empire as people simply gave up trying to produce controlled goods . 
  finally unemployment is relevant as it is what caused the collapse of the roman republic as a functioning entity . 
  before the greek conquests most work was done by roman citizens . 
  they had a broad middle class which underpinned the republic . 
  with the conquests the influx of slave labour had a polarising effect . 
  driving the landed roman citizens out of business and into patronage . 
  this process led to the inability of the roman citizen army to keep functioning and started the political and military transformations that led to the empire . 
  who exactly did the romans spread writing to ? 
  certainly there are examples of pre-roman writing in nearly every area the romans visited . 
  if anything it is remarkable how the cultural impact of rome was nearly 0 in most of the places they conquered . 
  as i explained and you seemingly ignored entirely . 
  i was n't telling you that you felt guilty . 
  your original comment implied portugal were saints . 
  your original comment seemed to be suggesting portugal did nothing wrong . 
  portugal literally invented the atlantic slave trade , were the number 1 slave trading nation and actually traded more than twice as many as the nation in number 2 . 
  whether you should feel guilt about it is a separate issue . 
  being minted from precious metals is largely irrelevant . 
  the value of the coins is in the fact they are coins . 
  a huge inflation crisis swept the empire during the crisis of the third century . 
  it had always suffered from inflation but it went haywire in that period . 
  to the point where diocletian basically put an end to coin taxation and only accepted payment in kind . 
  recover from the 300 years or so of economic decline the roman empire caused . 
  the claim that there was nothing before rome does n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  people in brittany for instance were centuries ahead of the mediterranean cultures in terms of naval technology . 
  in fact rome basically had them build the ships they used to invade britain . 
  mediterranean ships were essentially worthless outside the mediterranean . 
  you are using a different form of roman to me . 
  i 'm referring to `` people of rome the city and immediate surrounding areas '' . 
  the gaul 's certainly did n't benefit for being conquered . 
  there is n't one thing that caused the fall of the roman empire . 
  political instability played a part but it was n't the only issue . 
  building big infrastructure projects does n't make an economy thrive . 
  rome brought about huge economic problems due to : 1 . 
  a farcically lop sided wealth distribution where the emperor basically owned half the wealth of the entire empire . 
  with 99 % of whatever was left in the hands of the upper classes . 
  the distortions produced by slavery . 
  slaves were able to undercut ordinary workers to the point where the entire common population of rome more or less became unemployed and lived solely on patronage . 
  having nearly everyone be unemployed turns out to not be good for the economy . 
  run away inflation as rome saw no problem simply minting more coins to pay the soldiers . 
  product shortages due to empire scale price fixing . 
  tax collection practices that basically involved paying a criminal gang to go collect the wealth and keep whatever is left for themselves . 
  it was the sheer power of rome that enabled all this to keep functioning . 
  none of these outcomes are possible with individual trading nations and it is precisely why the west started to actually recover after 476 . 
   but within its borders there was rule of law and security of a form . 
  only in fantasy . 
  the lingering romanophilia of the victorian era leaves public perception disjoint from historical fact . 
  the roman empire was cool but a militaristic looting project that run into trouble the moment it decided to settle its borders was not good for anyone other than the romans themselves . 
  it was the cause of vast economic stagnation and actually made it more difficult for the people in the provinces to defend themselves ( as naturally rome did not allow gauls to raise militia 's to try and stop the migrations ) . 
  also calling people barbarians is another huge part of the problem . 
  when the western empire finally collapsed it caused a drastic increase in stability and economic well being in the west . 
  nations very quickly coalesced around the `` barbarian '' powers which relatively quickly surpassed where they were under rome economically . 
  there is a reason byzantium found it incredible expensive when they tried to bring the western empire back . 
  the idea that the roman empire provided physical security is laughable . 
  for about 400 years it suffered under endless migrations that subjugated local population out in the provinces . 
  ironically it was mostly gauls that got subjugated . 
  the south american colonies were by far the worse for most of the excesses of colonialism . 
  portugal were literally ground 0 in the slave trade . 
  it is just that the iberian powers were long dead in the water by the time we figured out colonialism was bad . 
  i do n't know whether they should be `` guilty '' but they certainly are more guilty than britain are . 
  the roman empire caused incredible economic stagnation . 
  it was a grand affair but not particularly good for the average individual within . 
  the jedi did n't have judicial power though . 
  not for a thousand years by the time of the prequels . 
  bit like romania flying the flag of the spqr . 
  only painful for losers that can not capitalist . 
  communist monopoly : 1 . 
  party is banker .
