  the nationalism of the ussr is n't comparable to the nazis . 
  if the nazis had run russia they would have systematically exterminated the non-russian population . 
  the ussr blatantly favoured russians but it was not to the degree present with fascism . 
  tos do n't matter anyway . 
  you ca n't hide data protection consent in the middle of a lengthy contract . 
  informed consent is required . 
  west walians ? 
  they marry their sisters out there . 
  i think maybe but not in the context . 
  if every crisis ends with the struggling party bring up old wounds then it 'll never end . 
  the greeks have a relevant point in that other nations were not treated this way though . 
  if proximity gives ownership then we could claim tunisia . 
  we are just as close as argentina are to the falklands . 
  i 'd argue using the definition of `` communism that actually existed '' is very reasonable . 
  we kept the best bit though !, 
  they were n't fascists . 
  fascist does n't mean `` people i do n't like '' . 
  there are very specific traits of fascism that the ussr did not fulfil . 
  both were completely vile states of course . 
   we also dont believe there is no god . 
  and that it . 
  atheists do n't believe that either . 
  well most atheists . 
   in any way i think believing there is no god require same amount of faith as believing there is god . 
  atheists are n't people who believe there is no god . 
  atheists are people who do n't believe in god . 
  they are n't discounting the possibility of god , they just do n't believe in one . 
  atheism only requires that you do n't hold the belief . 
   plus i have yet to meet self designated atheist who will not tell me that he does n't believe in god . 
  that is because atheists are people who do n't believe in god . 
  as i 've described above this is a very different thing to believing in no god . 
  agnostics also do n't believe in god , otherwise they 'd be christians or muslims ( or whatever ) . 
   i would say i hate when someone tell me what religious group i am part of . 
  yet non-atheists continually concoct non-existent parodies of what atheism is all the time . 
  i 've had to spend this entire thread explaining to non-atheists that they blatantly do n't know what atheism is . 
  agnostic theism is a thing but nobody who calls themselves an agnostic is an agnostic theist . 
  99 % of christians are agnostic theists . 
  99 % of atheists are agnostic atheists . 
  100 % of identifying agnostics are also agnostic atheists . 
  not believing in a is not believing in the non-existence of a. 
  it is not a belief at all but a lack thereof . 
  theists are people who believe in god . 
  atheists are people who lack this belief in god . 
  an atheist could entirely say `` there may be a god but i have no reason to hold belief in one '' . 
  tbh the main reason agnosticism is such a completely meaningless title is nearly everyone is agnostic . 
  the only people who are not probably should be visited by men in white coats . 
  lots of people believe atheism is having `` an active case against god 's existence '' . 
  in short lots of people do n't know what an atheist is . 
  there are something like 10m + atheists in the uk . 
  if all of them had an active case against god there 'd be a bloody revolution . 
  if you do n't know if there is a god then you do n't believe in one by definition . 
  there is n't a grey area here . 
  either you believe in a god or you do n't . 
  do n't can also include `` i 'm not certain , there might be but i have no reason to believe in one '' . 
  this is by far the most common atheist position . 
   also i dont like to be grouped with atheists . 
  that is because you obviously do n't know what an atheist is . 
  an atheist is not necessarily a person who believes there is no god . 
  they 've never been anything other than a tiny minority . 
  atheism is antitheist , in that they are people who are not theists . 
  most atheists are n't opposed to religion in any sense . 
  the real distinction between atheism and agnosticism is agnosticism was a position that did n't get you socially ostracised in the olden days . 
  it served a useful social function in allowing you to be an atheist without being shunned . 
  it serves no purpose today . 
  if you do n't know there is a god then you do n't believe there is a god by definition . 
  it is absence of belief , just like atheism . 
  agnosticism means no knowledge . 
  technically nearly every theist and atheist is an agnostic . 
  how the term is commonly used , i do n't believe in god but accept i do n't know , is exactly the same as what 99.9 % of atheists believe . 
  atheism is not stating there is nothing . 
  atheism is a lack of belief in god . 
  it is not a belief there is no god . 
  agnosticism is also a lack of belief in god . 
  practically the two terms are exactly equivalent . 
  agnostic is just another way of saying atheist . 
  at least that one has a physical component . 
  lead poisoning has been linked to aggressive behaviour . 
  the monarchy has limited real power . 
  i 'd consider it unsuitable but it is a lesser issue than hereditary peers right now . 
  i also think hereditary peerage is a fight that can be won . 
   by the way , i do n't see why we should remove all hereditary peers . 
  they have no value . 
  i 'd leave the remaining ones there but accidents of birth are not an appropriate mechanism for selecting parliamentarians . 
  political selection is n't great but it is less odious than hereditary selection . 
  i think we 'll see attrition against it . 
  while the monarchy actually does nothing it is inevitable its prestige will fall over time . 
  eventually we 'll see the church disestablished , the remaining nobility kicked out of the lords , the commonwealth nations become republic . 
  people will wake up one day and ask what the monarchy actually does . 
  this might take a long time though . 
  right now the monarchy has become adept at pr following the diana crash . 
  the remaining hereditary peers should be converted into life peers . 
  i can understand the argument for keeping competent peers in the lords and avoiding a complete revolution of the house . 
  now that we have a long established base of non-hereditary peers we no longer need these 92 to be continually replaced . 
  transition period is done the hangers on can go get fucked now . 
  the us has export restrictions on them that are stopping them building a refinery chain . 
  realistically the end to end process of running a nuclear reactor is simpler anyway . 
  normally that makes sense but when oil prices drop they should dip in to compensate . 
  the main purpose is to avoid dutch disease . 
  a sudden wealth contraction can be as dangerous as a sudden wealth explosion . 
  it makes loads of sense when you consider that iran actually has a trade deficit in the energy sector because they buy back loads of refined fuel to run power plants .
