  i think eventually those nations will go ahead and pull out regardless of what threats have been made against their future . 
  as a result the german plan has to adjust . 
  the rights and wrongs are completely immaterial . 
  this is not an ethical battle . 
  it is one of pragmatism . 
  / / edit - changed term, 
  letting banks go bankrupt would destroy the economy . 
  it raises questions about whether there can be a free market in the financial services frankly . 
  obviously doing it for the entire eu is a stretch . 
  not every nation needs it . 
  however the bailouts should have been straight up expropriation . 
  the eus role would have been ensuring that those nations get protection from the wto in doing this . 
  expropriate the banks . 
  use the banks as collateral against the cyprus bail out . 
  should have been the model throughout europe . 
  cyprus already has a special relationship with the uk . 
  though this would be as much a violating of international treaties as is happening in turkish cyprus . 
  effectively the suggestion seems to be to follow up greece and turkey by making our own play for the territory . 
  everything the eu does is supposedly irreversible . 
  a ratcheting effect is actually fundamental to the union . 
  germany , france and the others will have a sounder currency . 
  however they wo n't be able to trade on such favourable terms with the piigs . 
  essentially it would end the flow of money out of the poor nations into the rich ones . 
  germany will not allow it to happen . 
  they 'll bail them out nakedly first . 
  the uk would throw a fit if that happened . 
  ireland is a disproportional amount of our trade . 
  germany wo n't leave . 
  it makes too much money from the euro . 
  it knows it will lose a vast amount of trade if it pulls out of the emu . 
  cyprus can do an iceland . 
  cyprus is just the first outlying country that realises they have germany by the balls . 
  as you say cyprus and the piigs have their hand on the destruct button . 
  germany has massively over played their hand . 
  i thought it was funny that this was posted at the exact same time as the link below . 
  the euro was created for only one purpose . 
  that was to tie germany to the rest of the union in a permanent manner . 
  this was the price for german reunification that france set . 
  is anyone suggesting legalising it ? 
  decriminalising it maybe . 
  not putting in silly new laws to protect copyright certainly . 
  when has any response to this crisis been sensible . 
  i do n't know if the ecb , imf , eu , germany or cyprus is to blame . 
  whoever is to blame they 've just created a new greece without any need . 
  nah there 'll always be the black market . 
  of course it 'll contain industrial alcohol . 
  guaranteeing the safety of european citizens for all time . 
  this is precisely why germany does n't want stimulus . 
  it inevitably amounts to transfers from those doing alright to those in trouble . 
  our entire food aid program is based around finding something to do with cap overproduction . 
  sorry ireland . 
  we 'll see if we can get the yanks to send you inedible maize . 
  it really depends on the deal of the exit . 
  the real problem with the euro is your debt is denominated in a currency you ca n't control . 
  unlike britain and the us . 
  simply going back to the lira does not change this fact . 
  your debt is still in euros . 
  in the 70s the us did an interesting bait and switch . 
  their debt was always dollar denominated but they abandoned the gold standard . 
  this effectively created a new currency with the same name and notes . 
  then switched their debt into denominations of this currency . 
  why did they get away with this ? 
  can italy convince its creditors to accept lira denominations ? 
  if you can then a move can work for italy at least . 
  without a switch to lira denominations then leaving the euro will cost italy about a century of poverty unless its debts are cancelled outright . 
  i think the first nation to try this will be made an example of . 
  to be fair we 've hated the pope longer than we 've hated argentina . 
  wales is i believe derived from the saxon word for foreigner . 
  otoh cymru * is a welsh word literally meaning `` home of the people '' . 
  * pronounced cum-ry not cimroo btw . 
  always hear cimroo, 
  harriet harman would be disastrous . 
  she 's made herself a poster child for a more extreme feminist viewpoint . 
  i can understand what she 's done but it has made her much too toxic to be leader of a party . 
  you need to tax in the right place . 
  for instance tax profit taking over the raw workings of business . 
  i 'd honestly argue for decreasing corporate tax in the uk to 0 % and instead increase cgt to compensate . 
  that way companies are encouraged to reinvest their money rather than pay out huge dividends . 
  of course tax regimes are complicated by the need to deal with avoidance . 
  a lot of it is about dealing with avoidance rather than taxing what would be ideally taxed . 
  since when has europe needed a renaissance of science ? 
  last time i checked the uk and sweden were leading the world on citations per capita . 
  fuck in the uk we 'd declare a state of emergency if we got 30cm of snow . 
  we 'd start asking for foreign aid in our time of great need . 
  in the uk our buses anticipate snow and break on even the concept that it might snow . 
  we 'd make your civil war look like a picnic . 
  europe is not remotely ready for that close union . 
  look at the situation in greece right now . 
  if they could be dictated to via a federal government they 'd be arming themselves for civil war right now . 
  the reichtangle cometh . 
  they are both in prison . 
  the british justice system is very egalitarian even when our laws are archaic . 
  to be fair their have a legitimate legal position in that conflict . 
  though i disagree with how they 've used it obviously . 
  greece can take equal blame for the cyprus mess . 
  the uk as well for failing in its legal role as a barrier between the two . 
  as usual reddit is sadly not the mainstream . 
  britain and france are still at the early stages of talks about reinvigorating the entente . 
  the fact it is stalled is n't really a blow against the overall concept . 
  there is just going to be decades while they get this stuff right * .
