  churchill was also regarded as a barely stable lunatic before he became pm . 
  even interventionists were wary of siding with churchill . 
  he was almost at george galloway status before the german invasion of poland . 
  however having all your predictions come true has a way of altering the perception of a person . 
  maybe romania and russia invade moldova simultaneously ? 
  good luck to russia in that regard . 
  neither it nor china are willing to suffer the trade offs needed to replace the dollar . 
  nor do they have remotely the international trust and prestige needed to pull it off . 
  honestly who is going to trade in yuan ? 
  nobody is going to want to be dependent on a currency that is manipulated . 
  the euro had a chance ( and might still do if the structural issues are fixed ) because the eu has similar characteristics to what make the us a good guardian of a global currency . 
   i think it realizes if it did that western nations would no longer view it as a reliable trading partner and act accordingly . 
  those dollars are chinese assets and wealth . 
  this is like suggesting china stab itself in the stomach repeatedly to prove to those imperialists that it wo n't take it lying down . 
  the us and china have a mutual interest in keeping the value of the dollar up . 
  besides nearly all of china 's economic imperialism is being funded with its dollar reserves . 
  they certainly are n't buying africa with yuan . 
  a similar reality is true of the gas . 
  the truth is russia can not afford to turn off the gas . 
  if it did then starvation and poverty is the only end result for them . 
  it is literally the only good thing they have . 
  if they force the west to re-evaluate its strategic energy outlook then russia is probably crippled permanently . 
  yes but putin has a different map of the ukraine to everyone else . 
   president vladimir putin has told russia 's parliament that crimes has `` always been part of russia '' . 
  indeed the crime rate in russia is shocking . 
   beijing , which routinely avoids commenting on the affairs of other countries , had vetoed a un draft resolution condemning russia for its actions in crimea . 
  i thought china abstained ? 
  russia veto 'd it . 
   words in germanic are formed by agglutination yes electronic mail was never shortened to email . 
  also right-click is n't a word . 
  not only does this happen in english it is happening today . 
  tbh germany dominates the eu so much because britain and france insist on painting each other as all that is wrong with the union . 
  i do n't think germany is in practice any more powerful . 
  it is that germany can invariably rely on france against britain and britain against france . 
  therefore it gets to always wield the strength of two powers . 
  it did n't . 
  the allies uprooted and moved to belgium to defend from there . 
  de gaulle agitated for france to mimic the tactics used by germany and effectively blitzkrieg them first . 
  instead france stayed in belgium and dug in . 
  when germany broke through the ardennes there was a plan for a pincer movement to try and isolate that german group in france . 
  the french choose this moment to change their war leader and the new war leader decided to go back to bed rather than orchestrate a plan that needed decisions made in minutes rather than hours . 
  the skills in the military are nearly uniformly useless for civilian life . 
  there is a reason unemployment is endemic among veterans . 
  slave soldiers basically spend one of their best formative years doing something completely pointless and useless to them . 
  crimean ninjas who 've been preparing for this day since khrushchev came to power . 
  economies behave properly when people can trade evenly and fairly without the threat of either state favouritism or overly heavy taxation or regulation . 
  that is n't to say that everything should be a libertarian paradise but that the middle ground is a long way away from where the more interesting political set ups of the world stand . 
  the west has its own issues of course but they are issues brought about by generally functional economies . 
  russia are useful for selling us primary resources . 
  the real value in economies come from transformations though . 
  the quantity of labour dedicated to making a car is worth more than a similar quantity of labour dedicated to extracting oil . 
  thus a good trading nation has a plethora of goods and services across the industrial sectors . 
  my hope is one day russia would have a similarly diverse economy as we see in most western nations . 
  it would mean they are far better off and have more to offer the rest of the world . 
  a nation with a one sided `` dig stuff out of the ground '' economy is wasting its potential . 
  pro-western countries are usually liberal . 
  as a result their economies tend to behave properly and they become valuable trading partners in the world . 
  that was the hope with ukraine . 
  that we would have one less nation that is a basket case . 
   the problem with the current situation is that whatever happens putin comes out of this ( in the eyes of the ordinary russian ) smelling of roses . 
  tbh i do n't care about what happens with putin . 
  provided we put a realistic check on russian irredentism long term then putin can have as many domestic victories as he 'd like . 
  if he wants we can make a secret pact where we call him names and back track every 5 years or so provided he stays out of poland , the baltics and leaves the remainder of ukraine alone . 
  in this regard there needs to be a more general debate about how russia is behaving the last 10 years or so . 
  right now there seems to be a general assumption that letting russia get away with x will keep them happy . 
  this assumption surely needs to go away at some point . 
  we need to move to a more assertive footing where we reduce dependency on russian oil certainly . 
  discussions need to start about whether we re-establish some of the cold war era fast response brigades . 
  obviously they 'd be stationed further east than they were in the cold war . 
  alliances only really matter if there are boots on the ground . 
  unless there are british/french/us troops in the nation in question there is always going to be some debate about whether an alliance will be honoured . 
  the czar did offer to sell it to the uk first . 
  we turned them down thinking we could just take it from them anyway . 
  a million people marched on london for iraq . 
  it pissed off the population so much that blair had to agree to grant parliament to right to decide on war to get it through ( without starting a general political rebellion ) . 
  a power which stopped the recent syrian intervention before it started . 
  while iraq went ahead the fall out of it has changed the uk . 
  possibly forever . 
  without the near dictatorial powers granted by royal prerogative it is very likely the uk will be a much less belligerent nation in decades to come . 
  foreign policy is now a matter for public political debate in the uk . 
  for the first time ever . 
  maybe polish-baltic commonwealth ? 
  in case of war sweden will accept refuges from finland . 
  they 'll share a border with russia then so will need the troops . 
  in truth there was little the allies could do for poland directly . 
  in hindsight the allies should have just directly invaded germany . 
  hindsight is great though . 
  when you know the french defence will crumble with generals deciding to take a nap rather than organising their men it is easy to say `` best attack then '' . 
  i doubt anyone would have predicted the first french general being terrible and the second one deciding to postpone a decision on a counter offensive that needed immediate action . 
   france probably would ' t like to see those french-built russian ships to be sunk either . 
  why not ? 
  when you sink a ship there are contracts for replacements . 
  cyprus was pretty much sacrificed to teach britain why we should go into vietnam when america asks for pointless loss of life . 
  both greece and turkey knew the uk was in no position geopolitically to do its part which is why shit went down . 
  how dare they want to finally be free of russia . 
  damned eastern europeans and their aspirations of independence . 
  back in the day you accepted russification and liked it !, 
   if by status quo you mean reaccession to ukraine , then that was on the ballot . 
  the option on the ballot was a very different constitutional settlement to the existing one . 
  to be fair the baltic states have only recently joined in with the eu .
