  schengen is a completely different issue altogether . 
  i have no idea why it is being brought up . 
  it shows people do n't actually understand the european union . 
  we are talking about when poland and co joined there is always a grace period in which nations can deny freedom of work . 
  it was agreed privately between germany , france and the uk to forgo this grace period . 
  only the uk actually did . 
  yes but bosch could sue in the uk courts . 
  to be fair we opened the borders at the previous expansion under the impression that france and germany would follow suit . 
  they did not . 
  that created the situation where every polish person wishing to migrate had only the uk as an option . 
  leading to the current climate in the uk . 
   600 years younger tbh that is pretty meaningless . 
  islam was practically born ahead of christianity in most of these issues . 
  it has taken a different path entirely . 
  it is n't earlier on the same path . 
  that is n't remotely all that rare . 
  it is a near impossibility the other direction . 
  parents of recessive genes having a child with dominant genes is the impossibility . 
  modern lie detector tests still do n't work . 
  the principles they are founded on are utter bollocks . 
  accurate measurement of bollocks does n't give truth . 
  just more accurate bollocks . 
  the place beyond the tunnel obviously . 
  a place so suspicious that the primary way to reach it is a subterranean hole through hell itself ( that then arrives in a place worse than hell ) . 
  in britain most of our christians do n't even believe in god . 
  well it seems like you need to actually die without the ussr before you think positively of it . 
  tbh it was meant to be one of the greatest experiences that could exist . 
  it would have been the final triumph of the emperor over chaos . 
  however the collision of highly unlikely events that occurred before it was completed means all that power is needed just to hold eternal madness at bay . 
  only the truly divine deny their own divinity or something like that . 
  ethical banks will always end up going bankrupt and merged into the amoral ones . 
  pretty much every bank that claimed ethics went under . 
  i think provided taiwan stays with the legal fiction of claiming to be china they 'll be fine . 
  well it is n't entirely artificial . 
  refineries are now set up to not crack diesel into petrol . 
  this means that there are infrastructure reasons for an abundance of diesel . 
  to be fair they are dead easy to drive and have much higher range than petrol cars . 
  i would dread taking a petrol car through my commute which crosses multiple valleys . 
  all that gear changing . 
  why ca n't i just stay in 5th all the way !, 
  the whole thing is showmanship . 
  we have n't even asked for the things the public wants . 
  there 'll be a lot of angry noise about initial positions that are reasonable and compatible . 
  the only reason the debate is even interesting right now is greece and syria . 
  well germany also does n't want to be trapped in a union with france without britain . 
  germany remains the biggest advocate of the uk in the eu . 
  add in the theory about all the men coming with the women to come later and this is literally the entire population of syria coming to germany . 
  at this rate of projection syria will soon have a negative population . 
  tbh once the number stops growing it becomes manageable anyway . 
  merkel is n't wrong when she says germany can handle x or y. 
  it is the fact there is no sign of that number becoming fixed that is the issue . 
   but the last element of the banking union , a joint eu deposit guarantee scheme , is controversial because germany is strongly opposing ideas under which money to guarantee german savers ' deposits could be used to rescue savers elsewhere . 
  that is how insurance systems work . 
  the real issue here is that a deposit insurance system reduces the competitiveness of your banking . 
  suddenly you have to offer worse interest rates to customers to cover the costs of banking . 
  germany is yet again resisting a real solution to financial instability to benefit its own banks . 
  tbh this is a bit of a different issue . 
  the mechanisms of the student activist bodies have been stolen by a particular kind of people . 
  we see it in the uk with the student unions . 
  frankly those organisations need to be defunded and brought to account to their membership . 
  unfortunately student organisations have students who do n't really care as their membership . 
  bloody american left immigrants . 
  tbh i do n't think the sjw is the predominant mindset . 
  if anything internet culture remains utterly dominated by liberal mindsets . 
  sjws are loud because they are contrary to the norm . 
  nobody notices yet another person asking for ownership of their voice or their body . 
  politics is still being pulled along three distinct poles ( reactionary , liberty , equality ) and the conservatives remain the winners . 
  well it is pretty blatant robespierre had a flat out mental break down . 
  he went from being the most honest and decent man in the revolution to being a murdering lunatic that vanished into his bedroom for months at a time . 
  man needed a visit from freud if anyone ever did . 
  the entire terror was just an expression of how much robespierre cared for his mother . 
  regardless it is arguable that napoleon was the natural conclusion of the revolution anyway . 
  the issues of bankruptcy and france being an utterly unworkable state which badly served its third estate were resolved by napoleon . 
  even if there was none of the stuff that typified the jacobin middle part of the revolution . 
  the left had to be absurd because it was n't dealing with the stuff that brought france crashing to a halt . 
  the broken laws , the broken tax code , the bankruptcy , etc. 
  worse getting some people suggesting that if they did n't draw so provocatively they would n't be hit by an rpg . 
  asking for it with their short comics they were . 
  tbh these leftwing extremists are incredibly tame by historical standards . 
  the promise was not to move nato forces into east germany which still has n't happened . 
  well given that cameron 's opening position has conceded freedom of movement i fail to see the point of comments on it . 
  they 'd need some sort of system with passes and border controls to enforce that . 
  maybe they can put stamps in the passes at the border to record the transition ? 
  well we only opened the borders because of a gentleman 's agreement with france and germany to simultaneously forgo the grace period . 
  then they never followed through . 
  the separate shelters are there for the victims . 
  not imposed by an oppressor . 
  bad analogy . 
  like comparing jews not wanting to live in germany after ww2 to the nazis trying to forcibly expel them . 
  denmark is still as close as it ever was . 
  tbh having dv shelters serve both genders is a pretty absurd idea . 
  there should be dv shelters for men but keeping the genders separate makes a load of sense . 
  the symmetry of equality is only a guideline anyway . 
  also transitive equality is for wimps . 
  half our constitution is a set of informal agreements that parliament will defend should a government try to overstep its bounds . 
  the most recent such informal agreement is the idea that parliament must be asked before the royal prerogative over military action is invoked . 
  as i understand it the `` not proven '' verdict is exactly the same as a `` not guilty '' verdict legally . 
  just that different language is tolerated for some reason . 
  at the moment populist `` punish the financial sector , regardless of use '' moods are getting seriously listened to in large parts of europe . 
  so yeah the city is anti-europe right now .
