  he 's a state capitalist dictator with a strong preference for racial nationalism ? 
  he even suppresses various human rights like freedom of speech via his media control . 
  putin is precisely a fascist of the mussolini style . 
  this russian quirk is much older than the ussr though . 
  russia are the kings of short term real politik . 
  they believe everyone is against them and they are for precisely the calculations that arise from their mentality . 
  the dictionary should have `` see russian real politik '' as the definition of `` self fulfilling prophecy '' . 
  i 'd argue that it was . 
  when he was defeated they tried to undo everything . 
  their concern was about the concept of a viable republic existing on their doorsteps . 
  they did n't care at all about the specific alleged crimes of napoleon . 
  the napoleonic wars are complicated . 
  without the british blockade and resulting economic damage there is no conflict with russia . 
  the russians picked a time where it was clear the trade war was going to be won by the british empire . 
  at the time britain had also kicked off successful rebellions in portugal and spain and there was a brewing conflict in central europe . 
  russia took this moment to call napoleons bluff . 
  however none of it would have happened with all the previous ground work . 
  russia could n't have just stomped all over france at any moment . 
  if it could then there would n't be a napoleonic wars . 
  if the russian army was just better then it would never have agreed to the demands of napoleon to start with . 
  there is a fixation in popular history with the casualties happen and not enough concern given for the causalities . 
   as a product of his timeframe is that true ? 
  i think napoleon defined his time frame . 
  there was no necessity that the french republic turned the way it did . 
  the right man at the right moment turned it that way . 
  there is an explicit chain of events that turned the threat of republicanism real for the monarchies of europe . 
  republicanism itself was an idea who 's time had come but that does n't necessarily give you napoleon . 
  are you sure ? 
  those guys are being put permanently in `` opposition '' . 
  we were going to give you a seat on the side of parliament that gets to do stuff . 
  well it does n't rust and i can bend it with my hands . 
  that made it a wonder metal when i grew up . 
  does n't help that so many of them commit suicide . 
  where does the pope come into all this ? 
  how can he be a nazi ? 
  he has a halo . 
  we 'll even give you guys a seat in parliament this time . 
   holy shit , did putin just give up ? 
  it is possible that this was always his exit strategy if it turned out that international opinion was too strong . 
  with crimea putin was all in but he 's always kept both options available with east ukraine . 
  the difference is ireland only tumbled into crisis because of this move . 
  those nations were already in crisis . 
   threaten to force ireland out of the euro if it did not follow through with that foolish guarantee i was n't aware that this was coerced . 
  it was always a downright insane move . 
  there are serious questions to be answered if this is the case . 
  ireland was operating entirely within the rule of law and was stable before that daft guarantee . 
  we have much more stringent rules these days . 
  we were trying to get the eu to agree to avoid the bad actor problem . 
  the problem is the eu has done precisely nothing to face up to its own leverage problems . 
  i 'd argue more . 
  wales was n't really annexed . 
  there was a bit of a one china legal reality going on in england and wales at that time . 
  both the saxons and roman britons claimed the whole of roman britain belonged to them . 
  effectively when the major welsh nobles backed tudor in the war of the roses it ended the split . 
  it is like the government of taiwan backing a rebel faction in prc and reunifying that way . 
  denmark eventually banned slavery as part of britain 's push to ban all the slavery . 
  lots of nations were encouraged to stop with the slavery in that decade . 
  well the market immediately rebounded after the flash crash and then fell again some months later . 
  hft acted as a canary rather than a cause . 
  the crazy thing is there is a way to protect ourselves from a return of this particular mess . 
  you can increase capital adequacy . 
  germany and france have consistently blocked pushes to increase capital adequacy requirements on an eu basis . 
  they are happy for mindless political grandstanding but refuse sensible steps that actually target the problem of overleveraging . 
  the crazy thing is the whole concept was based upon the idea of the `` flash crash '' where hfts created an economic collapse in a `` sound '' economy . 
  we 've since learned that the economy was not sound . 
  it was due a collapse . 
  the hfts just figured it out before everyone else . 
  the tax is literally a moral deterrent on the stabilising mechanism produced by hfts . 
  it is like taxing sanity . 
  well if a federalist president is elected and the rada refuse to offer a referendum then it basically guarantees a federalist majority at the next election . 
  it is very hard to just ignore a democratic mandate like that . 
  why would they need a referendum . 
  a federalist candidate can run in the election . 
  eurovision is about politics . 
  people vote on who they like and they always have . 
  i mean every year you can predict the inevitable 12 , 10 , 8 rankings of sweden , norway and finland in the denmark vote and vice versa . 
  cyprus always gives greece 12 and vice versa . 
  then there are the balkans and baltics who are recently emerging voting blocks . 
  britain gets 0 whenever we are involved in any international conflict . 
  admittedly we always send out shit acts because no serious british artist would touch eurovision with a barge pole . 
   probably because he proved that he acts in their interests how is anything going on in the ukraine in their interests ? 
  putin has made the standard trade off of empire . 
  to screw over your own people in a push to expand the line in which your colour is painted . 
  russia and russians would be much better off without this mess . 
  the same is true of practically all empires . 
  the british people were richest in the immediate aftermath of the collapse of the empire . 
  roman citizens were pushed into abject poverty once their empire got going . 
   on that note , there is nothing really novel about putin 's subversive tactics . 
  what surprises the west is the extent to which he can use them , because it is tacitly assumed that the west has a monopoly on `` soft '' power . 
  tbh our own cultural norms make us more subject to propaganda wars than most nations . 
  westerners are more likely to hear rt than russians are to hear fox news . 
  not to mention that the multipolar nature of western media means it is a weak propaganda machine if the goal is global politics . 
  our media is great for individual interests to suddenly invoke short term changes . 
  long term on song messaging about geopolitics otoh ? 
  a news station will only report on russia being evil while it is in its commercial interests to do so . 
  rt seems to run the geopolitical on song message permanently . 
  the sheer spread of the english language in the western power block also means one message can hit an incredible number of people . 
  nato article 5 invokes chapter 7 - article 51 of the un charter which allows for national self defence in the name of ** international ** peace . 
  it only applies to conflicts that include more than one nation . 
  effectively article 5 treats the entire nato block as one entity with regards to article 51 and presupposes the right of all nato members to act in defence of any other nato member in the case of international aggression .
