  they keep the turks out . 
  it is definitely on the fringe of acceptability . 
  circumstances dictate . 
  i know of one couple , now married , who started off like this . 
  her parents were aware from day one . 
  well there is more of a dog ownership culture in europe so you 'd expect this . 
  it is like saying camels first domesticated in the middle east . 
  no shit . 
  it is very simplistic thinking . 
  it ignores issues like the opportunity costs involved . 
  the gap between renting and owning could have gone into an investment . 
  also the situations are n't comparable . 
  if i own a house then it owns me . 
  whereas i can tell a landlord i 'm off and take a job for twice the money tomorrow . 
  it is about that in the uk . 
  people still do it . 
  that is why our economy is screwed . 
  people actually think economic fiddling that drives up house prices adds value to the economy somehow . 
  spain might well be cheaper but demand is going even lower . 
  it is pointless setting up a business where nobody can afford your products . 
  the business case for any industry that trades regionally is if the potential demand value is greater than manpower costs + resource costs . 
  any non-regional industry is going to care about where its partners are . 
  this usually is the richer nations to begin with . 
  except it happened in the real world . 
  it drives key investors and that sucks enough out of the economy . 
  these things turn on small margins . 
  to be fair to newton . 
  there was n't a good reason not to believe in alchemy at the time . 
  chemistry was n't understood . 
  that is n't how it works . 
  when prices are falling the only sane thing is to hold onto your money . 
  reducing the money supply and causing further falls in prices . 
  it does n't reach equilibrium . 
  it goes into a death spiral . 
  the only reason it wo n't here is because the overall picture is slightly inflationary . 
  so people will abandon spain and instead invest in germany . 
  there is still no equilibrium point for spain though . 
  instead you 'll get a vicious cycle of deflation driving out investment which causes further deflation . 
  you realise that some people actually die because of this procedure ? 
  all surgery carries a risk . 
  there are no marxists in the uk . 
  ask blair , we are all middle class . 
  we 've basically given the all clear to a two speed eu . 
  where are we a problem ? 
  point me to the majority in any european nation that would agree with federalism right now . 
  i 'm sure germany is quite prepared to finance the entire eurozone as a transfer union if only it were n't for us dastardly brits . 
  as for accusations about slowing down regulation . 
  yes the uk is putting blocks on regulation designed only to harm the uk . 
  nobody is going to quietly give in to plain insanity . 
  different situation altogether . 
  most people think poles are great . 
  it does n't help them get a job though . 
  the roma complaints are somewhat different . 
  a very tiny amount of the uk is actually built on . 
  9 % and that includes stuff like farmland . 
  yes once you dig in you know the german people have a huge history . 
  it is a tool the eurozone does n't have though . 
  it is shocking how few people know how germany formed . 
  all that history with no germany and then suddenly they are the most powerful nation in europe . 
  does nobody question how this happened ? 
  whereas hitler did all his interesting works from berlin . 
  but they can sell more of that internationally now . 
  reducing their trade deficit . 
  that was a crisis of the erm rather than the pound . 
  it could have happened to any currency in the block . 
  the fundamental mechanism was flawed . 
  the idea of a fixed exchange rate and market rates always creates arbitrage trade conditions apart from the narrow case where market rates and the fixed rate are exact . 
  the only way to actually make the erm work would have been to restrict access to the national exchange mechanism to national banks . 
  the uk has printed pounds . 
  what do you think quantitative easing is ? 
  it is just in a controlled and limited way that maintains confidence in the whole operation . 
  the eurozone crisis is specifically to do with the euro . 
  greece would not have these problems if they still had the drachma . 
  britain had a similar deficit to greece . 
  we were never in any danger because when it comes down to it we can always print pounds . 
  britain would securitise all trade and sell complex financial instruments based upon these securities such that people believe french cars and german cars are worth the same . 
  then we 'd laugh when the economy collapses and make money on the downturn . 
  mainly by offering services untangling the true value of car securities so investors can again make safe choices ( for now ) . 
  well you export a lot of freedom . 
  engineering is always going to be a weird one . 
  people focus on highly visible products . 
  people would call an iphone engineering and never question what kind of engineering goes into building a tunnel under the channel . 
  it is n't called the fucking ichunnel now is it . 
  i think italy does have a worse reputation . 
  italy gets the 7 reverse gears joke . 
  this is a nation that could only improve with time . 
  there has n't been a sterling or dollar crisis since the 70s . 
  the countries that the article points to are the ones not in trouble . 
  greece has run much harder adjustments than anyone and is looking increasingly like a third world country . 
  the truth is the situation is more complex than anyone is giving it credit for . 
  we have one dimensional counter-cyclical arguments on one side and economic moralism on the other . 
  greece and co had to increase spending while also cutting hard at their deficit . 
  this has n't been possible for political reasons so instead the greek economy has ran off a cliff . 
  at the same time germany and co needed to increase internal demand ( i.e. 
  pay people higher wages ) . 
  it is a global rebalancing of a house of cards while trying to stop the house from falling down . 
  i 've nearly universally come down on the side of stimulus because the debate has been incredibly one sided in its focus on austerity . 
  in truth you can not adjust without spending a shit tonne of money . 
  you ca n't build more efficient systems by cutting spending . 
  better rails do n't come by spending less money .
