  or an article discussing it . 
  it came up in a paxman interview with a pc member . 
  as it is the pc guy had actually read the funding report paxman was trying to tear him apart over . 
  manchester spends more but it comes out of council tax . 
  we 're talking about the extra money given by central government . 
   it 's bullshit to say she specifically pumped money into the south-east , as if there was some ring-fenced fund which was only spent on investment in london . 
  thatcher did not believe in public investment full-stop . 
  the uk has spent over the odds on london for decades . 
  the basic funding calculated by government puts london at 115 % of uk average . 
  whereas most urban areas are below the uk average because they get economies of scale . 
  the ridiculous public transport budget ( what was it ? 
  # 2k/person in london and # 2/person in manchester ) is n't included in this . 
  nor are the endless arrays of state functions ran out of london ( which are an implicit subsidy ) . 
  nor are specific london targeted schemes like extra cash paid to doctors and teachers to teach in expensive areas . 
  nor is the fact the entire uk economy set up for industries that london happens to be good at , at the expense of industries the rest of the country is good at . 
  nor is the infrastructure spending needed to move water half way across the country so london does n't die of thirst . 
  to pretend london gets anything other than massive favour is either rank stupidity , ignorance or a lie . 
  yes but the whole house was godwin . 
  there were two harald 's in the fight so i went with godwin . 
  remember that time we all voted for nick clegg ? 
  then there were three evils . 
  this is a lot of rules to avoid duty smiling . 
  in the uk every child can confidently answer this with `` what is greece ? 
  fortunately the tories will be gone before long . 
  sadly labour will replace them . 
   where he was in 1066 i have no idea . 
  this best demonstrates what i was talking about earlier . 
  arthur became a popular myth in england because the normans promulgated the idea . 
  he was an enemy of the saxons and certainly would n't have sided with godwin . 
  the legend talks about a king who led the roman britons in resistance against the ongoing saxon invasion after the withdrawal of the empire . 
  the normans popularised the story because it fitted the narrative of the saxons being barbarian usurpers . 
  it is interesting to see how king arthur has entered the imagination in england . 
  he was a celtic legend who fought the saxons . 
  popularised in england after the norman invasion to delegitimise saxon rule . 
  kept about because after the wars of the roses the linage of lancaster , tudor and the old welsh houses became very blurred . 
  effectively arthur delegitimised the saxons while later legitimising henry tudor as the legal king of both england and wales . 
  the most successful propaganda campaign in history . 
  ifu accounts are n't worth potential billions of revenue to the uk economy . 
  if billions of people believed in ifus then yes we 'd probably have ifu friendly banking systems to help take your money off you . 
  they have some legal standing now . 
  the idea was to increase our transactions with the middle east . 
  boudicca had already wiped out a roman legion . 
  the romans were on the brink of treating britannia like they did germania . 
  then a single legion crushed boudicca 's alliance . 
  tbh it was believable . 
  the issue all these `` barbarians '' had against the romans is those armies were only held together by political convenience . 
  when half your allies want to either finish them off or go home you have a problem . 
  ironically the same thing almost did rome in . 
  when the alliance that pushed attila out of gaul failed to materialise when attila invaded north italy . 
  the goths and similar could n't give a shit when it was n't them being threatened . 
  this is like arguing the most sustainable approach between driving on the pavement and driving on the road is to drive half on the pavement . 
  sometimes an approach is just wrong . 
  particularly the german fascination with hyperinflation . 
  george north for services against the enemies of wales ( in rugby ) . 
  would have won if she had n't charged a roman legion packed into a valley . 
  why attack a legion you can just starve into oblivion ? 
   the treasury will on monay pledge to guarantee all of britain 's debt even if scotland votes to leave the uk , in an attempt to prevent creditors from pushing up the cost of government borrowing . 
  interesting spelling from the teelgraph . 
  sos - sauce , coch - red . 
  red sauce . 
  none of this ketchup nonsense . 
  do n't greece have enough bankruptcy already ? 
  always said the balkans were upstanding people of the highest ethical character . 
  what are they doing in the same group as us ? 
  this confirms that the commonwealth can never come back . 
  lithuania into space . 
  the only one i 'm certain is welsh are welsh cakes . 
  they definitely contain flour unfortunately . 
  they are more of a tradition tied to saint david 's day than something you 'd pick up and eat any day though . 
  though undoubtedly some person from the wrong part of wales will disagree with me . 
  well it is creamy and you can cut it with a knife . 
  that makes it dessert . 
  the euro would be disastrous to britain because it is not an exporting country . 
  it meant germany had an artificially cheap currency that allowed its exports to boom even more than they had previously . 
  it is part of the reason that previously prestige german brands have become much more common . 
  you see a lot more bmws , mercs and audis on the roads today than you did 20 years ago . 
  that is because of the euro . 
  the campaign has n't really started . 
  it shifted back towards 50/50 pretty much the moment people realised that we were actually going to do this . 
  the current situation according to the uk polling report is  if david cameron secures a major renegotiation of britain 's relationship with the european union , with substantial changes and opt outs then 52 % of people say they would vote to stay in , 23 % would still vote to leave . 
  also  realistically however , the chances of david cameron getting massive british opt outs are probably quite remote -- more likely if it happens he 'll get some more modest rule changes and guarantees , but no major changes in which areas the eu has powers . 
  in that scenario then the vote would be much closer -- 39 % say they would vote to stay , 38 % would vote to leave . 
  http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/category/europe i.e. 
  people are already looking for an excuse to back out of this . 
  something they can tell their mates means that we 've won and thus are happy to carry on being in europe . 
  germany and france will make a minor concession , the pm ( labour or tory ) will declare victory , the media will be bought out by the pro-eu business interests and will sound like an echo chamber . 
  my only fear is what that concession might be . 
  the tories are banging on about the employment charter . 
  i like the working time directive . 
  i think most of the british public like the working time directive . 
  americans are politically like brits but corrupted by religion and gun loving . 
  we invented capitalism . 
  the americans just borrowed it . 
  if britain had adopted the euro then right now the eu would be dead . 
  imagine greece but with a nation the size of the uk . 
   britain is europe 's texas . 
  finally , somebody who understands banter . 
  i mentioned it once but i think i got away with it all right . 
  british people visit france more than any other nation . 
  french is the normal language people learn ( badly ) in school .
