  it is no joke . 
  my mother stopped buying the dm after i decided to start goosestepping whenever i visited and saw it . 
  the `` done is done '' people are entirely aware that they can still lose which is precisely why they want to create the idea that resisting the outcome is socially unacceptable . 
  in the minds of the dm you are still part of the uk . 
  this is how dm readers see the world . 
  our entire tradition of print press is built upon what the us would call yellow journalism . 
  nearly every one of our newspapers was born as a mouth piece for a specific ideology , institution or movement who 's main purpose was not the truth but support of that . 
  the ecj is only in play if the supreme court is deadlocked or it is deemed a matter of eu law so is naturally passed on . 
  this is a basic fundamental issue of uk constitutional law ( arguably it is the fundamental issue of uk constitutional law ) . 
  nobody is going to openly talk any other way . 
  it would make them a target . 
  the most likely outcome of this is parliament will support a brexit deal which is impossible to achieve but entirely in line with the referendum campaign rhetoric . 
  ideally mps would do what they thought best and paid the consequences of that decision . 
  nowhere in law allows for this . 
  it might make nice philosophical sense but has no basis in law itself . 
  the principle we are talking about predates the time when most people even had a vote anyway . 
  they can not argue that parliament has already given consent because the referendum was explicitly advisory . 
   do we keep all our opt outs we currently have , the rebate etc ? 
  yes  how does the uk get treated in the future on eu decisions ? 
  that depends on how we approach them . 
  our biggest problem with eu decisions has always been british pms entering negotiations with an attitude aimed at grandstanding at home . 
  culturally the salesman trickster model of negotiation tends to rub a lot of people in the eu wrong . 
  it always puts the eu on the defensive when our politicians go in acting as if sheer force of will can change reality . 
  it puts them in a position where they check and double check every concession to the uk to ensure we are n't screwing them . 
  in short we get a worse deal from this kind of cowboy negotiations . 
   but why does it have to be so intertwined with the buying and selling of physical goods ? 
  the idea behind it all is to bring the eu as close to a natural market as possible ( it is in the name , single market ) . 
  in a normal market flows of wealth are counter balanced by flows of people . 
  you see this in every national market . 
  the single market is effectively the minimum set of unified markets that nations could accept without having to scrutinise every little aspect in detail . 
  so as wealth drains out of an area at least the unemployment will likely go with it to follow the money . 
  this is 100 % a sane way to run a unified market . 
  the alternative is like international trade where everyone spends eternity pouring over every little detail to make sure they are n't being screwed . 
  brexiters want to leave the single market . 
  there is near universal support among them for ending freedom of movement . 
  mps should always vote on consciousness . 
  they are somewhat required to listen to voters but they are n't there as simple agents of the strict public will . 
  i think on sheer politics labour will be opposed . 
  europe has torn the tories apart for 20 years . 
  brexit means an end to this reality . 
  so if they can stop it then they 'll cripple the opposition again for years to come . 
  added time multi-gavel . 
  leave and remain judges will fight over gavels that fly out of the crowd and whoever lands the most gavels in the allotted time frame wins the case . 
  it wo n't be a 4-4 tie . 
  the way they 've presented this to court means it is nearly impossible that they 'll lose . 
  i was sceptical when the challenge first happened but when i heard they were presenting the eca as rights granted by parliament to the public there was a near 0 % chance they 'd lose . 
  nobody is going to touch that constitutional convention unless they have men with guns to back them up . 
  the right was won by revolution ( twice ) and anything that looks like it is infringing on it will be frowned upon by courts . 
  for the government to win in the supreme court they 'd need to successfully argue that no domestic rights are granted by parliament via the mechanism of the european communities act . 
  that seems a tall order . 
  if they do they 'll win 8-0 . 
  if they do n't they 'll lose 8-0 . 
  i think there is no middle ground on this . 
  yes but most leave constituencies were so narrow that unless every leave voter makes it a single issue vote it is unlikely to be electorally relevant . 
  actually only half that number need switch . 
  the majority is 35 . 
  once you lose 18 mps you have a minority of 1 . 
  1 seat actually and that is a tory one that defected . 
  mps theoretically should listen to their voters but then decide with their consciousness . 
  if they were to do exactly what their constituents told them then there is no point to having mps . 
  they 'll almost certainly three line whip any vote . 
  but it is what is told privately to these mps that matters . 
  i can see may allowing the whip to be violated just to let her wash her hands of the whole thing . 
  there is a boundary review coming up which wo n't touch most tory seats . 
  she can say she is prepared to let members decide what to do with those that block brexit . 
  yeah and people were drastically more angry about iraq than they 'll ever be about brexit . 
  parliament is incredibly pro-eu . 
  something like 75 % -80 % of the body . 
  the real question is whether the tories will be able to whip their vote . 
  they only need a small number of rebels to break their majority . 
  that does n't mean leave is their number 1 priority though . 
   we tried to make google pay for the snippets they show in google news and google search . 
  google just proceeded to kick everyone out , who wanted to be paid and they immediatly came crawling back , because they lost a shitload of traffic to their sites . 
  that was always stupid . 
  google directs a huge amount of traffic to their sites . 
  just excluding them costs them vast sums of money . 
  technically pre-emptively blocking everything is the only way to actually uphold the rules . 
  catholicism certainly has . 
  the crazy american fundamentalist movement is not mainstream christianity at least . 
  tbh i think most religions are sane enough to survive it . 
  they 've already mostly moved onto the `` evolution was gods plan '' mode of though . 
  why would it ever be sad ? 
  it would be the greatest discovery in history . 
  asoiaf is pretty much based on the war of the roses so there are meaningful historical comparisons . 
  of course asoiaf copied and exaggerated reality . 
  especially when critical voices in the leave campaign talk endlessly about the libertarian promised land of 0 % tariffs . 
  you can not simultaneously have the `` uk is open to business to all '' mentality and then threaten germany with tariffs . 
  it is not only illegal under wto laws it would turn ever single negotiation we make sour . 
  everyone will be waiting for the next time the uk decides to just tear up the laws again and will negotiate with that in mind . 
  germany probably does care about this particular 65m more than 65m anywhere else . 
  they just know we have 0 leverage . 
  right now all the talk about mighty uk is internal propaganda . 
  the leave voters will punish the tories if they were honest . 
  cameron got in a tussle over it because it was a nice meaningless thing he could win for support back home . 
  they 'll do it simply because it would drive a wedge between scotland and ruk . 
  you can not refuse to hold such a vote without losing support . 
  nobody could sanely argue that leaving the eu is n't a constitutional change of such a scale that it could warrant a new vote . 
  the snp are i think happy with either outcome . 
  it would break down to independence today or independence tomorrow . 
  the only positive for may is it might not happen under her leadership .
