  we ca n't . 
  the point is there are places where it is clear cut and places where it is debatable . 
  current law is set to allow abortion when the case is clear cut . 
  there was never land there before . 
  britain does n't have a birth rate problem though . 
  it just is n't realistically possible to have a birth rate above replacement and have two people working 40 hour weeks . 
  if governments want birth rates to go up the answer would be limiting the work week . 
  there is also the ethical question of if people without children should be subsidising families to ever greater extents . 
   the logical outcome is that all abortions except those endangering the mother are banned yet not many people will be happy with that . 
  why ? 
  it is clear at conception the bunch of cells has no individuality or sentience ( which is what we value , not life itself ) . 
  it is also clear at another point they do . 
  the fact we ca n't tell you precisely when the line is crossed does n't mean we can not categorically state that particular phases are certainly one side of the line . 
  that is n't a correction mechanism as it does n't actually correct anything . 
  currency devaluation is n't the appropriate mechanism here no . 
  the us uses fiscal transfer . 
  however it is inevitable that some nations will accumulate debt endlessly in the eurozone without a correction mechanism . 
  particular when one major economy is obsessed with fiscal surpluses . 
  even if those weaker nations had tried to do everything right . 
  if greece and co dropped out tomorrow the first thing that would happen is germany 's surplus would start dropping dramatically ( or private sector debt would explode ) . 
  then they have a choice of either letting it be or undergoing even more internal corrections as they did before 2008 . 
  then france would feel the pinch and be forced to either undertake their own internal corrections ( leading to an unending race downwards ) or would start accumulating debt . 
  i would not want to be tied into a currency zone where some members are obsessed with surpluses and discipline for moral reasons rather than sound economics . 
  this was really at the heart of why britain ran like hell when the eurozone was created . 
   domestically the vat rate was dropped to 17.5 % to help struggling households . 
  this is n't true . 
  vat was at 17.5 % going into the recession ( as it had been for about 20 years previously ) . 
  it has since increased to 20 % . 
  it is reasonable to argue that the pound was dramatically overvalued and the uk government chose that moment to cash in by restoring it to roughly sane and normal values . 
  yeah and it was disastrous unless you were called george soros . 
  it is literally impossible for all nations to not run debt . 
  i do n't quite comprehend how people do n't get this at this point . 
  the only debt free scenario in a currency block is when everyone is at precisely 0 euros . 
  as soon as somebody has 1 euro of savings that means somebody else has 1 euro of debt . 
  if some nation is trying to gut its standard of living to produce savings then other nations either go into debt or gut their own standard of living keeping up ( ironically leaving the original nation where they started ) . 
  the only alternative is to shove the debt abroad ( and that requires the entire eurozone to dramatically out compete other nations we have no reason to believe we are intrinsically superior to ) or to shove it onto the private sector ( who 'll suffer as a result ) . 
  it is this myth of the debt free currency zone that is hurting the euro . 
  not the fact that a currency block has nations running debts . 
  actually yes . 
  nearly every rich nation out there has a public that have weakened the power of their leaders . 
  wealth largely comes from a strong people rather than a strong leader . 
  russians and similar people reject this analysis because they are piss poor and do n't like the conclusions . 
  the purpose is n't actually to have working policy . 
  this looks like a strong and bold action to russians with spiralling food costs . 
  well this is the only way you can get close to germany . 
  nah what happens is when germany starts blowing up commercial shipping you get prompted to buy us dlc at that moment to bring them into the war . 
  i 'd have had enough by now if you 'd fill the pint !, 
  there are loads of articles out there on why it does n't work . 
  the shield is basically equivalent to holding your hands up to stop a flood . 
  the success rate on interception is so low that the shield is functionally non-existent . 
  all it gives you is a reasonably chance that you might stop a rogue state firing the only icbm it has at you . 
  the whole story makes me a touch nervous ( as it seems that she is again paying the penalty for a crime committed against her ) but you can not pick and choose when a right is allowed to be used . 
  i think our instinct is that we 'd like to see a person like this make a recovery to show us that good things can happen but to demand that would be to put our own desires above that of the victim . 
  yes and that requires you to outright out compete the americans . 
  it just is n't going to happen . 
  what happens when every nation on the planet runs ordoliberalism ? 
  for all the fancy name it is just old fashioned race to the bottom beggar thy neighbour economics dressed up with a fancy new suit . 
  it only functions at all because other nations are not prepared to ruin the global economy and literally only germany thinks this is a good idea . 
  we 're not talking about the bail outs . 
  we 're talking about the general debt nations accumulate during normal operation . 
  the only reason greece were bailed out is most of that money was owed to german banks ( who in turn owed it to german pension holders ) . 
  you are just describing borrowing v saving . 
  across the zone it is zero . 
  greece can borrow solely because germany is saving . 
  if greece stopped borrowing then germans could n't save anymore . 
  that is unless there is some external actor borrowing euros perpetually . 
  your mistake is assuming trade balances have anything to do with economic performance . 
  a common mistake though irritatingly persistent . 
  the eurozone has a lack of demand because the politicians are trying to push everyone towards saving without any external actor buying all our goods ( trade balance does matter in this case ) . 
  this is n't surprising save more and obviously you can spend less . 
  the great irony is as greece and co run austerity germans are having to tighten their belts further to maintain their own position . 
  leaving the greeks back where they were . 
  economic performance . 
  the us has already exceeded 2008 comfortably . 
  i think coffee tends to be 50/50 with men and 20/80 with women . 
   neoliberal oligarchy mixed with state capitalism . 
  without the power of law , anything 's possible !, 
  i believe we can witness here the end state of a libertarian landscape which emerged in the 90s . 
  i 'm not sure it can be described as neo-liberal . 
  for that it would need to worship private property as the god which guides all human interaction . 
  moscow treats property as a state granted privilege that can be revoked at any time . 
  i hesitate to say this as it always draws in the `` yeah x is definitely hitler '' sarcastic comments but the best description for the russian economy is fascist . 
   the western liberal & democratic establishment is one of the definite wonders of this mundane world . 
  it emerged due to the cultural and organizational superiority of native peoples , and so far no one else has truly replicated this wonderful system as it exists across the eu . 
  i think people underestimate how much of liberalism is inherent in the people and not in the legal frameworks . 
  in europe choices were made by all nations about how they wanted to proceed in the face of the evidence that economically liberal societies were inevitably richer . 
  russia went a different way to france and britain . 
  germany tried to take a third way . 
  with economic power the people were able to force the nations towards liberalism . 
  the people were strengthened who then pulled down the power structures which opposed their basic rights . 
  you can not impose a democracy on an illiberal nation . 
  i do n't think it has ever been done unless you are willing to nuke the nation in question . 
  what has proven to work is a liberal dictatorship which then turns into a democracy as liberalism gains strength . 
  this is what worked so well in south korea . 
  nations that try to impose democracy first will inevitably be dancing on the cusp of dictatorship and not liberal dictatorship either . 
  yes the us is economically more powerful than china . 
  do n't worry they made patents relatively better by allowing copyrighting of apis . 
  i mean in the brave new worlds software patents are n't nearly as insane as they were . 
  honestly if the starting point is so far from reality then negotiations are pointless . 
  talking about waiting for the result of negotiations when the us could give thousands of concessions from where we are and still not be right is daft .
