  it is beneficial to the corrupt . 
  it looks smaller than wales so i 'm going to call it `` land awaiting payback ! '', 
  the only parliament that seems crazier is korea . 
  where it is acceptable to steal the hammer used to pass laws . 
  if you can hold onto the hammer until the end of the day the law fails to pass . 
  i wish we did n't join iraq either . 
  complete waste of time and lives . 
  predictably so . 
  there was both a un and nato mandate for afghanistan . 
  yeah the germans are demilitarised to the point where it is questionable if they 'd be useful anyway . 
  it would take decades to get the german military the operational capacity to actually stand next to france and the uk . 
  the us position was tricky . 
  your equivalent to our foreign office wanted to back argentina . 
  your equivalent to our mod wanted to back us . 
  as it is your military basically announced support for the uk before the situation was resolved . 
  basically forcing your government to either go along with it or look silly . 
  i 'd support a bigger uk deployment given the success in libya . 
  also because of the failures in libya . 
  the real difficulties are n't men and platforms . 
  it is supplies . 
  france and the uk could be pretty much the entire european military but we ca n't afford the munitions alone . 
  have the french asked for help ? 
  nah we 'd just dig up the land bridge . 
  so wales is going to be an island . 
  commuting is going to be a bitch . 
  there are other parts of europe ? 
  as our historical ally . 
  portugal is where we say it is . 
  cromwell was brutal to anyone who wanted to have fun . 
  as well as catholics . 
  culturally there is really very little difference between ireland and the uk . 
  really the problem is people got treated more and more shitty the further you got from the nobility . 
  ireland were just bottom of the totem pole so feel most strongly about it . 
  that said cultural links do n't necessarily form a nation . 
  as scottish nationalists will tell you . 
  you do n't know how much suffering you just caused !, 
  they always seem like a good idea but rarely are . 
  the back stabbing of spain is interesting . 
  spain broke the system which would have led to his defeat anyway . 
  france was simply driven out of portugal . 
  the uk used portugal to fund and support the guerillas in spain . 
  so a bit of both . 
  how many fair fights have there really been ? 
  the closest thing to a fair fight was napoleon and they did rather well there . 
  admittedly britain beat them in portugal and looked likely to do so in austria then napoleon went mental . 
  arguably if napoleon had kept his nerve he 'd have secured spain and the french empire would have covered france , spain , italy and most of germany into today . 
  vietnam for that matter . 
  both britain and france have sporadic records of being involved in both silly and justifiable conflicts . 
  whereas the us has a consistent record of being involved in conflicts both silly and justifiable . 
  there very much is a point in saying it . 
  the balance exists precisely because there is a balance . 
  the uk on the outside would lose out to both the eu and us in any trade dispute . 
   no one can ignore the wto . 
  since when ? 
  the wto is a talking shop and nations do ignore it all the time . 
  the simple fact is if the eu blatantly told the wto to piss off tomorrow there is nothing that could be done about it . 
  the wiggle room you talk about is nations breaking the rules as much as they can without the whole concept of the wto being ruined by it . 
  as it stands the only reason it is n't taken further is the main exponents ( the us and eu ) are roughly even in trade power so neither side gains or loses dramatically . 
  18 years is pretty much two decades . 
  the eu and everyone else ignores the wto on agriculture for instance . 
  also the on going airbus v boeing spat is something that the wto have basically been ignored on . 
  the wto allows retaliatory measures . 
  that is the only recourse a nation has . 
  where the eu does n't care about retaliation they happily ignore the wto like everyone else . 
  this is the real problem with the whole concept of free markets with retaliation based enforcement . 
  small economies like switzerland can make use of them because they only have to play nice in the one zone that forms their market advantage . 
  the wto does n't allow cross market retaliation . 
  large economies like the eu , us or china can absorb retaliatory measures because those regions are approaching autarky . 
  provided there is n't a total shut out they can handle the draw backs of occasional spats . 
  the eu does n't care about retaliation against cap . 
  middle of the road economies suffer the most . 
  they are n't specialised enough to take the swiss route . 
  they are n't self sufficient enough to be able to easily absorb retaliatory measures . 
  this is where people want to put the uk . 
   a hint of that recently came from christian noyer , governor of the bank of france , when he said the eurozone would not allow the city of london to dominate euro-related securities trading forever . 
   i doubt that eu membership could ultimately protect the uk from an inevitable eurozone power grab . 
  this does n't stack up with the desire to leave the eu . 
  leaving the eu would make us even less likely to be able to protect london . 
  this argument is a giant non-sequitur . 
  it argues that eu membership does n't make us strong on point a then fails to mention that non-membership makes us even weaker on point a. 
  if protection of the financial markets is the be all and end all it is much easier to do that inside the eu than outside . 
  the article also dances around the white elephant that most sceptics are ignoring . 
  the eu and eea are an imperfect trade zone . 
  theoretically there is free trade . 
  in reality there are subtle biases in favour of eu members . 
   member states are part of a customs union and , of course , an unfinished single-market project , one that has stalled long before it has been completed . 
  the article almost hits it on the head there . 
  the eu is not a natural free trade zone . 
  it is one that says it is and realistically discriminates against the eea and even more so against people outside . 
  the wto has spent decades trying to make the eu follow free trade agreements . 
  i do n't understand how people believe the uk would simply be allowed to trade externally as a neutral nation . 
  as if treaties are anything more than pieces of paper . 
  just make sure you have the right flag . 
  unless there is a millimetre of snow . 
  yes but britain is largely a place where all the raids were inward . 
  at least until the norman era . 
  there was no give and take . 
  only `` omg vikings are you back again !, 
  you had every right to reject it . 
  as i understand it basically the proposed system infantalises cyprus by reinforcing the tripartite guarantor of independence system .
