  the laws about fruit shape is about what you can call the fruit . 
  there was never a law that stopped you from selling straight bananas . 
  you just could n't label a straight banana as a bendy banana . 
   britain never much wanted to be a member of the club in the first place . 
  that is n't really true . 
  britain wanted to be part of the union for a long time . 
  charles de gaulle died in 1970 . 
  britain joined the union in 1973 . 
  by the time it finally happened the british public had lost some enthusiasm because of the petty politics of de gaulle but to say we never wanted in is fundamentally incorrect . 
  most of our euroscepticism is caused because of our media . 
  murdoch in particular is fundamentally opposed to the eu and has run a campaign of outrageous lies going back for 30 years . 
  there is also a huge generational divide . 
  if a referendum does n't happen in 2017 then britain will not leave . 
  a vast chunk of euroscepticism is retired . 
  a delay of 5 years will drastically alter the balance of the vote . 
  an embargo is pointless unless you can get a significant section of the market involved . 
   i would n't necessarily consider israel the aggressor in its conflicts well israel has actually started the war a few times . 
  you can argue about whether they had justification . 
  just like you can argue if russia has justification right now . 
  putin has brought peace , freedom , justice , and security to his new empire . 
  it is more about the second war in which we kept leaving germany annex stuff until we had no choice but to respond . 
  prevention is better than cure in this regard . 
  early action from britain and france would have stopped nazi germany quickly . 
  well this has happened at a time where we said `` world lets have some peace for 4/5 years while we rebuild shit '' . 
  as somebody commented on intervention , with what ? 
  the uk is the weakest it has been for a long time . 
  if russia would be so kind to wait to say 2020 then we will do our part . 
  uk spending is high but most of that is on expanding future capabilities than maintaining current . 
  most of us want a strong response because this is hardly the first quasi-annexation from russia . 
  i 'm not sure what i would have done . 
  regardless the point is it was a betrayal of poland even if we took the right option . 
  the fact that the real politik adds up should not allow us to say we did not . 
  we did . 
  no it would likely have led to a new war . 
  however the us had the only nuclear bombs in existence at the time . 
   if i were poland or one of the baltic states i 'd leave nato as soon as i develop my own nuclear deterrents . 
  that is the most ridiculous idea i 've ever heard of . 
  the best guarantee of polish independence remains nato . 
  if ukraine had joined nato back when that option was on the table then this would not be happening right now . 
  interestingly we wear the same clothes in the sahara . 
  we are kind of renown for a fetish for exposure . 
  does n't matter whether its cold or heat . 
  if it exists we can do stupid things in it . 
   would a country specialize in a single field ? 
  specialisation is very likely . 
  germany would likely dominate the ground forces with britain and france being the dominant powers on sea and in the air . 
  nations that share a border with russia are going to be near pure land powers . 
  as for tech . 
  as usual i think europe will be somewhere between the ultra-sci-fi approach the us takes and the brute force approach of russia . 
  mainly because of economic disparities as you head east . 
  some nations are better off contributing boots on ground . 
  men with rifles and training are cheaper and necessary . 
  competencies would need to be cut based upon economics , realism of threat and real politik situation ( it is pointless training an elite force if they are n't practising with regular foreign intervention ) . 
  yes but plain reactive armour is a long way short of the crazy ceramic hybrid armour that western tanks have . 
  reactive armour is the epitome of cold war technology . 
  it still has all the vulnerabilities the modern armour was designed to stop . 
  they would have beaten the ussr if italy had n't decided to get beaten by greece ( after losing to france who 'd already surrendered ) . 
  that delayed germany sufficiently for weather conditions to turn against them . 
  the ussr was rapidly sorting shit out and the window for a successful barbarossa was fading . 
  long story short , italy saved europe by being bad at war . 
  this is really the game changer . 
  steel plated tanks are very vulnerable to certain types of attack that can melt the armour . 
  the americans do n't even know how to blow up an abrams . 
  the ceramic hybrid armour is that good . 
  western forces have a huge advantage over russia in this regard . 
  who are largely still using the same stuff they used throughout the cold war . 
  they took a detour through a phoney war and then a cold war to get there . 
  the real betrayal of poland happened when the ussr was n't politely told to go home in 1945 . 
  putin 's legacy is built upon restoration of russian economic form . 
  it would hurt his legitimacy if russia returned to the 90s . 
  mines of what ? 
  uranium is n't really in shortage . 
  the critical section in uranium is processing and enrichment rather than mining . 
  they were going to hold an election in a few months . 
  interestingly they still seem to have military access . 
  300k is more than the uk has . 
  it is n't all about numbers . 
  i do n't understand people who are obsessed with numbers . 
  did the austro-prussian war never happen ? 
  what it always was . 
  that the nato treaty requirements ( 2 % of gdp ) are fit for purpose . 
  anything below that is reckless . 
  some nations will want to go above that . 
  more this shatters the idea that europe is a perfectly safe place that will never see war . 
  three things need to come out of this : 1 . 
  the eu as a whole needs to understand where we stand on russia just randomly invading nations on our doorsteps . 
  it seems people want a new munich agreement out of this . 
  i 'd remind them that despite the uk being terrified of war we did end up fighting it anyway . 
  it needs to be understood , privately and publicly where the line lays . 
  then there needs to be no quibbling over it . 
  the military resources needed to back up that understanding need to be acquired . 
  dependency on russian oil needs to be curtailed . 
  -2 stability for non-cb invasions . 
  russia needed to fabricate their claims better . 
  because russia does n't care about crimea . 
  they care about ukraine joining the eu and possibly nato . 
  if you do n't invade slovakia then who will protect them from the nazis ? 
  is n't this the deal we gave czechoslovakia ? 
  reality keeps suggesting a new organisation structure is a necessity in europe . 
  particularly because the us does n't want to be involved in this anymore .
