  i suspect a lot of nations will be secretly drawing up plans for a full euro exit when their economy stabilises . 
  it is possible we might have domino effects if other banks and nations are dependent upon the banks and debt held in greece . 
  though there is less dependency than there used to be . 
  it is the last option available to them . 
  they probably know at this point that the only option is to default . 
  greece will otherwise return here every 2/3 years with pain each time . 
  an agreement can only work if greece improves from there . 
  such an option is not on the table . 
  my ancestors were 5ft tall due to their crappy diet . 
  when they grow up they can have an opinion . 
  protecting the natives from these vile dutchish people obviously . 
  they only gave black people the vote not that long ago . 
  this it the first generation of americans that can realistically say it is trying to think of black americans as full equals . 
  israel is already the boy that cried wolf in this regard . 
  they have no more authority left to expend on this . 
  no it is n't hypocritical . 
  eating food is natural and a necessity . 
  turning animals into a violent circus show is not . 
  [ need one of these for the tunnel ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ec/shelobpj.jpg ), 
  not having the entire population beholden to a state sanctioned clique is hardly a libertarian wet dream . 
  nothing the myriad taxi regulations do is about protecting the public . 
  it is bizarre indeed when a narrow group holding the public at large to ransom is seen not as an aberration but something to uphold . 
  that people opposed to being taken for a ride by a state enforced monopoly are seen as extremists . 
  i 'm all prepared to let the state intervene where it makes sense , where the value in a field is larger than money ( i.e. 
  healthcare , food , shelter , etc ) . 
  taxis are not such a field . 
  there is no larger principle being upheld that means there is something greater than mere money at stake . 
  the law is designed solely to drive prices up . 
  nothing has changed in decades despite it being bullshit . 
  it took evasion of the law to bring us to this point . 
  now the public are used to uber maybe these insane schemes can simply be scrapped . 
   well despite the apps already being available , the only reason why uber can compete with traditional taxi companies is because they use unlicensed drivers that do n't pay the necessary insurances . 
  they bypass the monopoly . 
  there is very little need for such rigid licensing . 
  it is done solely to keep taxi fares up . 
  most people do n't like rent seeking operations like taxi driver guilds . 
  the counter factuals are a bit strange . 
  we raised all these issues with the euro long before the final treaties were signed . 
  we could n't have pre-empted qe in the treaty negotiations . 
  qe did n't exist as a concept at the time . 
  it took wide reaching power and quick thinking to implement it . 
  nobody in the eu even denies that qe is a good idea , the entire debate seems to focus on whether it is legal or not . 
  the biggest problem with the eu is n't even the technical issues . 
  it is the law bound inflexibility of the organisation . 
  there is no panic mechanism by which strong extraordinary actions can be taken . 
  the first thing european politicians do when their house is on fire is see if it is legal to save themselves . 
  the economy will never recover if they keep making these adjustments . 
  bollocks . 
  every economy on the planet would crash if you were cutting the state like this . 
  the economic ignorance about `` oversized gdp '' is childishly ignorant . 
  the eurozone is dead . 
  if greece are forced out unceremoniously then any of the other weaker nations will be looking to take all the aid and then exit when the going is good some time in the future . 
  greece ran more austerity as a percentage of their gdp than the rest of the ez combined frankly . 
  comparing the 5 % cuts in ireland and portugal to greece slashing 33 % of the state is absurd . 
  who screwed it up is entirely besides the point . 
  my point is right now these are n't negotiations in good faith and do n't serve syriza or greece any purpose beyond political point scoring . 
  they need to move on and decide what they are doing next . 
  it does n't alter the situation in front of greece one iota if the cause is syriza being dickheads or the troika being vile evil people . 
  all that matters is for whatever reason the troika are n't looking for a solution unless it involves complete capitulation . 
  enough ethical bollocks has gone on during this 5 year crisis already . 
  somebody needs to look at the situation as it is and do what needs to be done . 
  who 's to blame is irrelevant . 
  syriza has a situation where they are n't going to get anything from the troika . 
  they need to not factor the troika in their plans going forward . 
  whether that means default or magic is their business , nothing is to be gained by playing this game any further . 
  fwiw i 'm blaming syriza here but for different reasons . 
  it must have dawned on them by now that they are getting nothing from this . 
  any further negotiation is functionally useless beyond demonstrating to their public that they are n't at fault . 
  well at this point the troika is actually demanding more austerity in one fiscal cycle than at any point in the last 5 years . 
  tbh this has become about the ability of the troika to make syriza do whatever they 've been told . 
  every concession made has led to the troika demanding more . 
  at this point the demands are far beyond the original requirements of the troika . 
  this is solely about political concerns and the possibility of similar elections in other nations . 
  this is n't negotiation in good faith at this point and syriza needs to look at what its options that do n't involve the troika are . 
  it is n't official policy with regards to internal states . 
  because the leadership were part of the cabinet and so had to defend the collective government line . 
  the problem is international . 
  there are various policies , particularly in the us , which mean that nations actually legalising drugs will run into trade barriers . 
  until the us changes its mind it will basically be impossible for sane law to exist . 
  britain wasted our marshall plan money on the empire . 
  it was one of the silliest incidents in the modern history of europe and one we are still paying for . 
  it is also the primary reason labour more or less just turned the empire off over night one day . 
  ok so greece has voted to go bankrupt later . 
  they would have been much better off drawing a line under it at this point , biting the bullet and defaulting . 
  this deal does nothing but guarantee their collapse at some point in the future . 
  that is n't savage capitalism . 
  it is just corruption . 
  those employers would be fined huge sums of money in the uk . 
  within the realms of basel iii is meaningless . 
  basel iii proposes a mechanism and a limit of 4.5 % ( the extra 1.5 % is a meaningless `` in kind '' situation that allows statistical fiddling to make it look more sound than it is . 
  either you have the money or you do n't ) . 
  the fact it allows you to go higher does n't mean anything . 
  ideally core legislation would demand a higher baseline . 
  so yeah basel iii allows a nation to do what the uk is doing . 
  ideally it would disallow a nation from not doing what the uk is doing . 
  legislation of this kind is about what it bars rather than what it allows . 
  the whole problem is a prisoner 's dilemma . 
  the uk has a disadvantage compared to a basel iii baseline nation because banks can be reckless in nations that only uphold the 4.5 % minimum . 
  with a higher baseline we could push on to 15 % or whatever and be even more secure . 
  eu standards wo n't exceed the uk standards because the uk standards accept the eu ones at minimum .
