  nando 's is a lot more expensive than kfc . 
  french is usually the standard because of our vile betrayal of all that is right and proper when we signed an alliance with them . 
  well if we all pretend to be stupid they 'll have all learned english by then !, 
  uk austerity has n't been real since 2012 . 
  so yeah he is n't opposed to it . 
  all these missed tory targets are really a carefully disguised u-turn . 
  you 'd have to inhale a lot of helium . 
  about 400 litres ( room temperature and pressure ) for every pound you want to lose . 
  mass is weight/g . 
  given g is pretty much constant this is n't a problem . 
  once we start colonising mars it will be an issue . 
  no it is n't usable for population studies since it does n't track linearly with body fat percentages at different height levels . 
  bmi was set in the middle of the victorian era when the average height was half a foot lower than it is today . 
  in the us they 've actually found that life expectancy is higher in the overweight group than in the normal group for precisely this reason . 
  bmi is used because it is cheap and for little other reason . 
  china will never be more important than europe to british trade due to the simple unmovable barrier of distance . 
  honestly i 'm not sure it is at large ( though there are some politicians who do ) . 
  i think a lot of politicians really believed with all their hearts that they 'd figured out this economics thing . 
  they told the people from the roof tops that austerity is the way forward . 
  if they admit they were wrong they 'd be strung up in the street ( or at minimum voted out of office ) . 
  we 're at the point where the politicians are defending their reputation rather than the actual principles of austerity . 
  roman families were weird . 
  adoption was considered every bit as valid as blood ties . 
  so really all they are saying is somebody has to be bottom and that is denmark . 
  this is n't done per person . 
  also ppp is questionable when talking about wealth in an absolute sense . 
  it is a good way of saying `` yes we 're poor but bread is cheap '' but is less useful when dealing with the actual stuff that improves your standard of living which largely requires international trade . 
  this is simplistic . 
  britain has n't had a trade surplus for centuries . 
  who is richer ? 
  britain or russia ? 
  internal wealth is the basis of a country . 
  a trade deficit only matters if it is routinely higher than growth in the economy . 
  a trade surplus only matters if it is larger than the overall shrinkage in the economy . 
  you ca n't get wealthier by becoming internally poor but externally with a surplus . 
  even with substitution it is not a good idea . 
  russia need to be producing what russia is good at . 
  producing stuff that russia is not good at takes resources away from what it is . 
  autarky is insanity . 
  tbh it was always russia that made the ussr dangerous rather than the ussr that made russia dangerous . 
  it is n't as if the russian empire was a giant cuddly bear that did n't partition poland and annex finland . 
  russia from catherine the great until gorbachev had exactly the same foreign policies . 
  they just murdered the tsar in the middle of it . 
   wrong , oil/gas/other minerals are like 20 % of russian gdp . 
  20 % of gdp is an absurd amount . 
  if it was 90 % i 'd be advocating everyone leave russia immediately before you all die . 
  20 % is merely an indicator of an awful economy . 
  that was just coming down after the disaster that was the ussr . 
  faced with external competition for once the entire economy went tits up . 
  it perhaps could have been handled better but the rest of the warsaw pact did not collapse like russia did . 
  i 'm not opposed to refugee quotas . 
  i 'm opposed to the mechanism by which this has evolved . 
  yeah and the british military approach to ni ended up inflaming the situation . 
  it died down because we found a compromise . 
  actually the scots got increasingly more pro-independence as the debate went on . 
  i think spain is pretty much dooming itself by refusing a legitimate mechanism for this debate to be resolved . 
  all they are doing is generating justified anger amongst the population who will eventually remove from them the ability to refuse . 
  again it is a small amount but resisting the mechanism is crucial . 
  what is to stop a larger amount for a larger number of refugees being demanded in future ? 
  it does show the issue with the current model of powerful countries negotiating opt outs . 
  it allows the rest to run over those not powerful enough to secure opt outs . 
  if the opt out nations were firmly in this measure would have likely failed . 
  territorial expansion is n't the issue . 
  expansion of competencies into places it should not have gone is . 
  in the us you can sue anyone for any reason at any time . 
  does n't mean they 'll get judgements against them . 
  yes but none of that will make them suffer from false advertising judgements against them . 
  yes but they are still performing above the advertised mileage . 
  the 5-8 was additional mileage that the car was doing but was n't advertised at . 
  honestly i 'm not certain on that yet . 
  if i buy second hand then yes . 
  the diesels from brand new are significantly more expensive ( something like 10 % of the base price ) . 
  well he may have some cognitive biases which means he only sees the ones with 4 or 5 . 
  actually it shows a stabilising population of islamic people adapting to the norms of western society . 
  would n't they argue that they are one and the same by their own definitions ? 
  tbh the middle east has been struggling ever since they got overran by the hordes . 
  they 've had military strength and stability at times since then ( the ottomans managed to turn a huge collapse into a slow decline ) but have n't been at the pinnacle of civilisation since . 
  tbh power in europe is pretty delicately balanced between germany , france and the uk with two of the three agreeing on different issues but all three never agreeing on anything . 
  i 'd say broadly that the uk and germany agree on economics to the exclusion of france , germany and france agree on identity to the exclusion of the uk and france and the uk agree on foreign policy to the exclusion of germany . 
  interestingly in all three cases the excluded party is set dead opposite to the agreeing partners . 
  fortunately nobody counts anything other than cars as engineering in the public eye so you are still good . 
  actually the product does perform as sold . 
  they never advertised the improved mileage . 
  they advertised at the mileage that is actually provided when run in the low emissions mode . 
  what the product does n't perform as now is the word of mouth `` vws perform so much better than advertised '' stats . 
  i 'm still buying a scirocco next . 
  do n't care about us emissions tests that require air to exit cleaner than it went in . 
  yeah that is when he went dark . 
  my point is he was never the most jedi of all jedi . 
  he was reckless and routinely struck out in anger when the people he cared about were put in danger . 
  to be fair anakin was hardly an extreme jedi . 
  he was always pretty grey . 
  the rules were pretty insane to being with . 
  the english are as they are because they were diluted by germans . 
  then by french men . 
  you guys have a western gdp/capita . 
  west is a rich club . 
  wales properly belongs in the balkans . 
  for some reason i 'm imagining a priest and scarlett johansson now ... make it stop !, 
  so good they did it twice .
