  greece can only become more competitive by displacing germany somewhat . 
  they should take care with their advice lest others take them seriously . 
  you think germany wo n't suffer when greece can not buy bmws ? 
  the alternative is the euro cracking up . 
  this will cost the richer countries far more than a plain transfer . 
  this is just a result of wages falling . 
  in the uk we 've managed to avoid high unemployment for this reason . 
  otoh our productivity figures look shit because of the wage decreases . 
  no we created australia to keep the vicious wildlife and their dangerous animals away from the uk . 
  except relatively common . 
  we are n't talking about lottery odds here . 
  software engineering is vastly unpaid eu wide . 
  compare going rates in the us or australia to what you get anywhere in europe . 
  language barriers and cultural links . 
  it is n't so much about what is theoretically possible . 
  it is about what happens organically . 
  when are the criminals who hacked people 's phones going to see prison time ? 
  that is meaningful regulation . 
  tbh that is actually genetically possible . 
  blonde hair is usually recessive compared to dark . 
  two blonde parents can not have a dark haired child but the opposite is possible . 
  allied victory came about because germany got exhausted through weight of attrition . 
  simply put we had more warm bodies . 
  germany could n't keep the lights on any more . 
  the same would have happen if we sat put and let the germans attack . 
  there were innovations that broke the stalemate . 
  until those came about we should have sat there and not made stupid charges that served no purpose . 
  lots of people try to justify the unjustifiable . 
  ww1 was effectively the battle of cannae over and over again . 
  except the romans eventually learned to not pick fights they could n't win and let the enemy make the mistakes . 
  in ww1 we never learned that lesson . 
  worse people try to avoid learning that lesson because it somehow cheapens the sacrifice of people who died for no reason . 
  the military commanders pretty much deserved their criticism for trench warfare . 
  all you had to do to win was sit still and let the other side be stupid . 
  the charges over the top were pointless and served no purpose other than to allow commanders to dodge the charge of cowardice . 
  if the commanders were to be free from criticism then both sides would have sat in the trenches for 5 years and drank coffee . 
  this is the correct strategic move since attacking the other trench is an absurd idea . 
  well yes should get 100 %, 
  between junction 15 and 16 by swindon . 
  it must have happened early in the day ( rac had it marked at 7am ) so probably when there was real wind . 
  by the time i was there at 9am the conditions were fine . 
  i do n't know about the us . 
  the drive for education in the uk came from the socialist movement . 
  somehow two trucks managed to suicide on the m4 . 
  tbh i do n't think people 's views are strong at all . 
  for the most part europe has always been a secondary issue that can only lose you elections . 
  the only thing that has changed is ukip have managed to potentially destroy the election chances of the tories by stealing that minority vote that do care heavily . 
  it is n't helped that the european council is different from the council of europe . 
  terrible name to pick for it . 
  why not union council or something ? 
  i have a b in georgeography and they do indeed study the cap . 
  though this was in 2000 . 
  i have no idea if it is still true in 2013 . 
  the only thing i can recall learning about the eu was the cap and how awful it was . 
  i do n't . 
  i think once the pro-eu campaign gets running it 'll only be murdoch really arguing in favour . 
  people tend not to abstain from referenda . 
  if people are unsure they vote with the status quo . 
  that is why the wording of the question becomes important . 
  if the question gives the false impression that staying in the eu is something new it 'll alter the outcome of the vote . 
  a lot of that test is essentially set up to trip people up . 
  if you read the preamble you 'll note that a lot of people would be excluded from taking this test . 
  they would likely get caught out by one of the various word plays on this test . 
  keeping the uneducated out is not a good thing . 
  at one point the uneducated voted for the state to pay for education . 
  currency strength has nothing to do with strength of the economy . 
  sterling was very strong when britain was the sick man of europe . 
  the currency has weakened a lot since then . 
  fwiw the euro has to be strong simply because of our weak energy independence . 
  maybe he was just the best guy for the position ? 
  i would n't . 
  i think the data protection laws are one of the best things the eu does . 
  also i note again that we are n't the only ones opposed but have been left to be the whipping boy of the opposition . 
  sweden are also opposed but nobody asks if they want to leave the eu . 
  they invaded georgia on this pretext a few years ago . 
  can you blame them given how russia has used russian minorities as a pretext for invasion ? 
  russia has caused this problem by handing out passports followed by tanks . 
  its own policies create difficult circumstances for its citizens abroad . 
  greece should undertake a structured default in which they pay off all their creditors other than german banks maybe ? 
  after all they are being bailed out mainly because german banks are up to their neck in it . 
  i 'm actually surprised greece has been as placid as they have . 
  if they go bankrupt it 'll hurt the people pushing for them to be squeezed the hardest . 
  germany in particular will suffer greatly . 
  it is n't as if anyone can enforce the debt on them militarily either given their level of military spending . 
  as it stands the greek economy is already at the point where they may as well have grabbed germany and jumped out a window . 
  they have more power over the situation than they are using and it makes no sense to me . 
  it is n't that removing the settlements is a magical solution . 
  the settlements are mindlessly provocative and prevent a peace even if everything else was perfect . 
  the settlements achieve nothing but creating a bigger problem . 
  israel are poking the palestinians in the eye . 
  if they stop it wo n't create peace . 
  however there is no benefit to come out of it . 
  peace eventually comes when you start removing these pointless and mindless slights . 
  every offence is dealt with one at a time until people have nothing else to fight over . 
  then , sometime later , you get peace . 
  israel getting rid of the settlements would be the equivalent of britain no longer taking part in madness like bloody sunday . 
  it does n't create peace on its own but does n't harm it , makes it possible and is ethical . 
  more than anything else bloody sunday did n't benefit britain in the slightest . 
  much like the settlements do n't help israel . 
  the 1930 london naval treaty effectively recognised the us as a naval power equal to the british empire .
