  germany might have realistic tier 1 ratios . 
  the uk wanted eu wide tier 1 ratios at this level . 
  the current minimum requirement in the uk is 10 % tier 1 capital but we are pushing onto 13 % . 
  the basel iii accord only requires 4.5 % . 
  the eu crd iv requires 6 % . 
  note we 'd actually be pushing even higher if we could get the eu to come with us . 
  the only way to be certain a crash ca n't happen to this magnitude is a huge cap on leverage . 
  european banks are still absurdly leveraged though compared to british and us banks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basel_iii http://www.nortonrosefulbright.com/knowledge/publications/79560/crd-iv-10-things-you-should-know http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6f0ada4-456b-11e3-b98b-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3dt7cy0fy, 
  crd iv was argued to be entirely inadequate by the uk , particularly it uses the existing credit rating system to judge what needs to be covered . 
  the eu pushed ahead with it . 
  the uk has implemented a much stronger system . 
  in short we wanted to go beyond the basel accords and actually do something that might make the banks safe . 
  capital requirements exist everywhere . 
  the uk proposed massively increasing them ( over time obviously ) . 
  the eu wanted no part of it . 
  do n't have to be polite with any fucker on the internet !, 
  apparently my name is english . 
  i do have a name day though . 
  excuse to drink more beer i suppose ( who am i kidding i was drinking that day anyway ) . 
  this is n't a prisoner 's dilemma as all outcomes are net-negative other than some kind of compromise . 
  this is political bullshit lathered on top of a difficult but tractable problem . 
  that is why nearly every likely course ends in disaster . 
  the issue is political rather than economic . 
  there is no reason the eurozone could n't solve this tomorrow . 
  i do n't even mind people being late . 
  i mind people being late without notification . 
  particularly in the era of mobile phones . 
  how else will we impose cruel and unusual punishment on the world by accident ? 
  as a brit it is my duty to steal bits and pieces of greek culture !, 
  it might be legal but it is n't democratic . 
  germany essentially had a dictatorship law built right into their constitution . 
  no they were n't . 
  90 % of nazi fatalities were on the eastern front . 
  the combined captured/killed/injured stats were very similar . 
  we just did n't execute prisoners as a policy . 
  well austria did n't want you . 
  tbh ireland had far more options than greece ever did . 
  drawing equivalence between other nations and greece remains unrealistic . 
  the problem greece faced is absolutely nobody in the eu shares a border with them . 
  nearly every other nation had somebody who was prepared to take on some degree of risk . 
  famously britain opted out of any rescue loans other than for ireland and your government used that to negotiate a very good deal with other partners . 
  greece was left to face the wrath of the market with no partner sitting there offering to cover whatever might happen . 
  if the ez had immediately offered greece the line of credit that got offered to ireland it would be out of danger by now . 
  we 've actually tried to get sensible banking regulation in place . 
  the eurozone did n't want to increase capital adequacy requirements . 
  we 've gone ahead and done it anyway in spite of the competitive disadvantage it gives us . 
  there is a very silly game going on in terms of banking regulation now . 
  the eurozone politicians want to be seen to have done something . 
  which is why silly policies like the tobin tax are policy . 
  otoh capital adequacy is a boring but effective measure you can not sell to the public as `` punishing the bankers '' . 
  yes but given the general size of populations , china is the most relevant . 
  india to be fair has also dropped towards sustainability . 
  i hate that brutalism gets lumped in with the mistakes of arms of the state cutting corners . 
  done properly it is cool . 
  people forget that with every architectural innovation we tend to knock down the mistakes and leave the stuff that looks good behind . 
  that is why classic architecture looks better than your block of flats . 
  we 'll knock your block of flats down eventually . 
  every single era of every kind of art is 99 % horrible . 
  we just do n't maintain the junk . 
  we need a pyre and a child with king 's blood . 
  china 's transformation is dramatic . 
  obviously . 
  you mean there are parts of belgium which belong to france , germany and the netherlands ? 
  well it is the same as everyone who speaks english obviously secretly wants to be british . 
  using paramilitary forces to expel communists from the parliament , manufacturing a majority , is not democratic . 
  there is a reason most european nations have laws against uniformed extremist groups these days . 
  if it was payment for nazi atrocities it should have gone to poland rather than russia . 
  probably . 
  without being attached to russia they would n't suffer from russia 's foreign policy entanglements . 
  in short kaliningrad would n't have to suffer trade sanctions just because russia is being an arse again . 
  tbh being free of russian gas will help us with russian aggression . 
  looking at it in terms of who loses the most money immediately is also a very childish way of dealing with it . 
  a weaker greece means less trade . 
  that will hurt everyone in europe though less and less the further you are away from greece . 
  the legislation in question was decided in one of these backroom deals before presenting to the eu as a fait accompli that needs to be violently expunged from the eu . 
  it is n't acting out of spite . 
  frankly every such deal should be rejected without even looking at the content . 
  it is a practice that has to stop if the eu is to have any future . 
  if the eu want tax harmonisation they need to go back to the drawing board and include everyone in the discussion at stage one . 
  not have a conversation between france and germany and then present findings for debate . 
  our deficit was comparable to greece 's . 
  our debt did n't get as high because we had control of our currency . 
  sweden makes a fair attempt at solving gender issues in general . 
  ironically this is one of the downsides of the `` women are great '' pedestal building . 
  women are as flawed as men are . 
  they 'll have to be taught that this kind of shit is bad just as men had to be taught . 
  it is frankly only surprising if you have an unrealistic mental model of how women work ( fully recognising that i do n't have a better one , i just do n't assume that every women has a jesus gene built in that gives unlimited perfect empathy ) . 
  the last one did . 
  it caused the collapse of the ussr . 
  being outside the euro is partially a noble reason . 
  if we were inside we 'd be like greece right now . 
  expect we 'd have nukes and a central position where we could actually cause hell on fiscal earth . 
  the best thing that ever happened to europe was that there was no show down between germany and britain over debt . 
  to an extent bounces like this are investors banking that other investors will bank on idiots elsewhere believing that this means the crisis might end . 
  then the first lot of investors make some quick cash , the second lot break even and the idiots cry a lot . 
  anyway it is always worth noting that investors trade on perception rather than reality . 
  if enough mugs believe that a rock is worth a million pounds you 'll get sane investors putting money into rocks, 
  there are alternatives . 
  expropriate the assets in question .
