  this is n't quite the same thing as the modern trend for nations to be held to ransom by apple to keep their tax loopholes gaping and their regulation favourable . 
  tbh the label `` neo-liberalism '' has become too wide to meaningfully keep track of . 
  i 've seen friedmann , krugman , merkel and rothbard all be described as `` neo-liberal '' despite having very different economic positions . 
  i 'm not sure where neo-liberalism comes into this . 
  the argument is basically classic economics v keynes . 
  i do n't actually think either has the answer . 
  the author is right that stimulus is not remotely enough to fix the problems on the mediterranean . 
  the crisis can better be managed with reform in the weaker economies but a poor man does not fix his roof . 
  he instead replaces his ruined carpet every few years because he can afford a carpet but can not afford a roof . 
   why is the germany economy falling back towards a possible recession ? 
  why does a country which recovered so rapidly from the global recession in need itself of stimulus ? 
  it is simple . 
  germany got ahead by getting a head start in the race to the bottom . 
  everyone else was spending and germany were cutting wages . 
  this got their economy going by sucking the strength out of the other nations . 
  what has happened since is germany has forced its trading partners to join the race to the bottom . 
  why is germany suffering from this ? 
  because greeks are n't buying their cars and the relative advantage of german labour over greek labour has dropped dramatically . 
  every time greek unit labour costs get closer to german unit labour costs you 'll see the german economic heart skip a beat . 
  the factors keeping employment in germany rather than in \u00ac germany become less compelling . 
  if greek unit labour ever got cheaper than germany labour then the german economy will go into full out cardiac arrest . 
  this is why austerity and the race to the bottom is complete bullshit . 
  all you do is make all your population poorer and if everyone does it there is no net advantage . 
  the problem is the crushing deflation is cutting tax receipts faster than spending can go down in most cases . 
  the rest of the world already went through this in the 30s . 
  i think it is likely that some will start to organise simply to defend their interests from putin . 
  not to overthrow him as such but to form an internal power block . 
  once that happens more oligarchs will want to join . 
  putin would fall at that point if he tried to impose himself on this group . 
  this is usually what happens in these circumstances . 
  groups form with no intention of treason but get forced into it . 
  the point of the article is that the oligarchs are starting to self consume . 
  it is n't exactly great but a lot of them will be wishing they had a western economic system right now . 
  the end game is probably the oligarchs backing a liberal system because such systems actually defend property rights . 
  you end up with the combination of a public ready for change and people at the top who are also seeing their position in the current regime challenged . 
  abject poverty would end up with him out of power . 
  a war would probably keep him in as glorious leader until the day he dies . 
  goty edition ? 
  was n't this game panned as being terrible ? 
  send my diplomats to forge a claim on calais . 
  the biggest mistake putin has made is misunderstanding the western position . 
  immediately ruling out military action means the west is n't yet ready to put lives on the line for this . 
  however a 30 year trade conflict without a shot fired the west is happy to take on . 
  what is worse for putin ? 
  a war or abject poverty for his nation ? 
  spain would burn with it . 
  you do not want a failed state on your border . 
  he took over at the point oil prices exploded . 
  this is hardly good management . 
  if i was made ceo of apple the day before iphone released would i be a great leader ? 
  i think this is putting too much of a conspiracy slant on it . 
  russia are in trouble anyway . 
  developments in the us and a potential iranian thaw are causing oil prices to drop . 
  needless to say this screws the russian economy . 
  it could possibly be blocked for some time . 
  new monarchs are only legalised with an act of parliament though . 
  so parliament could just wait her out and then vote oliver cromwell as king . 
  parliament can do whatever it wants . 
  even undo royal prerogatives . 
  parliament could vote to turn the uk into a republic if it wanted to . 
  no it is n't but generally there is far less crazy racism and doom mongering here . 
  you missed serbians . 
   if france had been under pressure from bond markets to take on necessary reforms , it too might be back into positive-growth territory now . 
  but instead paris chose to `` muddle through '' the crisis , leaving france in the disastrous position it finds itself in now . 
  this reversal of fortunes within the eurozone is raising the stakes in the standoff between france and germany . 
  yes france too could experience the glory of a 30 % drop in gdp if they had just listened to germany . 
  or maybe they are looking across the channel at a british economy that has missed every deficit reduction target , borrowed more money in the past 5 years than the past 500 and now has the fastest growing economy in western europe ? 
  pushing your currency towards deflation is not `` making it work out '' . 
  parliament could bind the government but it 'd cause a constitutional crisis . 
  it probably is n't worth doing that . 
  especially then because the government would whip the vote against the measure . 
  this is n't / r/worldnews . 
  when somebody says something stupid we can assume sarcasm rather than idiot . 
  nokia were the market leaders globally before the iphone . 
  the us mobile market was laughable before the iphone and android . 
  nokia were more than capable of marketing . 
  they had a huge market position before the iphone . 
  in the uk it was separate but `` equal '' legal status . 
  full gay marriage is legally indistinguishable from normal marriage . 
  so to screw with it you now have to screw with ordinary marriage as well . 
  whereas previously a government could have quietly downgraded civil partnerships without making enemies of 99 % of the public . 
  religious blessing is weird in the uk in that everyone is allowed a religious gay marriage apart from the coe who are explicitly banned from ever performing them . 
  originally the intention was for secular gay marriage only but the church refused all compromise so the tories to their credit stuck the knife in and left them being the only church that could n't do gay marriage . 
  pointless sticking to a compromise position when the opposition you are compromising for wo n't accept anything . 
  do n't think wales has much . 
  however there is the old legend of cad goddeu which is a battle where a sorcerer animated a forest to fight for him . 
  believed to have inspired tolkien 's ents ( basically tolkien bundled up loads of welsh stuff into lotr , elvish was based upon welsh ) . 
  not really famous but what they inspired are . 
  frankly the idea of phone companies maintaining their own os was absurd . 
  of course they were going to be beaten by the likes of samsung who basically only have to adapt and skin android . 
  the way android breezed in showed just how much nokia had its pants down . 
  everyone was aware of what was going on other than ms and nokia . 
  indeed android and iphone had basically ripped off each others features pretty much completely by the time both were out the door ( easier in the case of iphone because android was open ) . 
  i mean we were having the android and iphone debate long before the original iphone was released . 
  the appstore pretty much only came about because of the way everyone was salivating over the prospect of android apps v the html 5 stuff apple were pushing . 
  there were huge and very public market shifts before it even got going . 
  wtf were nokia doing ? 
   when you offer a piece of cake to your dutch colleague , and he does n't feel like it , he wo n't have it . 
  is n't this just generally the case . 
  true in the uk i usually have to iterate that i 'm on a diet 3/4 times before the offer of cake is kindly withdrawn .
