  accusations of political bias in a field which is incredibly tricky to nail down . 
  also the award kind of inserted itself into the nobel system . 
  it was not one of the original awards . 
  arguably when private photographs are made like this there is a verbal contract in place that they are to not be distributed with the whole world . 
  so this is just criminalising breach of this particular class of contract . 
  well regulation also includes deregulation . 
  think of it as a regulation cap . 
  if you want good regulation it is good practice to remove bad regulation as part of the process . 
  obviously this is too rigid a way of thinking but the point is removing bad regulation is as important as instituting good regulation . 
  lots of bad regulation creates monopolies and protected classes who get to screw over their customers without recourse . 
  the peace prize is irrelevant . 
  the economics prize is iffy . 
  the science awards are fantastic . 
  france will recover because it has the power to say non to germany . 
  something that less fortunate countries do not have . 
  of course whether france will use this power to best effect is another issue . 
  why shut him up ? 
  never interrupt your opponent when he is making a mistake . 
   it 's certainly better than 200 years ago it really is n't . 
  our wealth inequality is right now as it was at the height of the victorian era . 
  it dropped steadily for a century until the 70s . 
  then it exploded back to industrial revolution standards . 
  if it was invented here it is ours by right . 
  if it was invented elsewhere it is ours by conquest . 
  japan basically has the government spend a shit tonne for people to do non-jobs . 
  30 % unemployment is a problem for everyone . 
  if everyone takes this attitude you 'll be wanting to unify again in a few decades . 
  then the cycle can continue . 
  being openly religious has been seen as a bit weird ever since the whole puritans v catholics v presbyterians thing the uk had a while back . 
  well we did n't want it and ireland did n't want it . 
  you have to remember that ni only happened because the uvs threatened to drown both islands in blood . 
  i 'm glad this map confirms the rise of chaos worship in my home . 
  nobody could live in wales and pretend the world is sane . 
   it is worth digesting that slowly : almost half of britain 's citizens believe strongly that politics in their country does not serve their interests but those of a powerful political and economic class . 
   the main parties have great difficulty responding to such sentiments for two reasons . 
  the major reason they struggle to respond to it is it is n't actually true . 
  the parties are beholden to swing voters and fptp has allowed them to ignore their core vote for decades on end . 
  the era of triangulation and strategically targeting a handful of voters has just pissed everyone who is n't a swing voter off . 
  the parties actually know that this is what is causing them grief . 
  that is why both labour and the tories have diverged at least in rhetoric . 
  no longer do you have labour claiming to stick to the tory economic plans or the tories vowing to preserve labour public spending . 
  the problem is the emergence of multi-axis politics . 
  the public does n't fit on a left/right divide anymore . 
  i wish the dutch system was in place in the uk . 
  our pensions as a fraction of our government spending go up each year . 
   after all , society is arguably even less accepting of some of those groups than muslims i do n't think that is true . 
  in fact i suspect most indians who face racist abuse are probably being mistake for pakistanis . 
  labour i 'd hope would actually take the opposite tack on this . 
  the real problem with immigration is that the benefits and drawbacks are not evenly spread . 
  the richer areas benefit dramatically and the poorer areas are getting screwed by it . 
  this is only a problem because britain has no policy of redistribution . 
  when we make policy that favours one area over another we leave the losers to bleed and die rather than actually try to spread the benefits out . 
  labour could actually redefine the entire debate in terms that fit their core values . 
  whether miliband is politician enough to do this is another issue . 
  same happens in the uk . 
  the first generation migrants put up with the distrust because they know that having a few brits throw around racist remarks is heaven compared to the utter insanity that is the middle east . 
  their children do n't know about the utter insanity of the middle east so they just get the insults and end up romanticising banana republics they 've never even visited . 
  tbh the white washing of lenin is revisionism . 
  the bolsheviks undid every liberal bill passed by the provisional government ( including the legalisation of homosexual sex ) the moment they got to power . 
  then they held elections , got annihilated and disbanded elections . 
  we should not repeat the myth of the glorious revolution being ruined by stalin . 
  it does not stand up to historical scrutiny . 
  the soviets basically despised liberalism . 
  the main reason they were so terrified of counter revolution was because they themselves were a counter revolution that overthrew the much saner provisional government . 
  one of the few things the provisional government achieved was unbanning homosexuality and it became a specific cause of the bolsheviks to reverse this . 
  i do n't care who you marry , just do n't bring any black girls/men home . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't marry non-whites , just not non-whites i 'm opposed to . 
  a puppet ca n't replace the puppet master . 
  medvedev was nailed the moment putin came back to power . 
  it might have worked if putin had retired as augustus with medvedev as caesar . 
  going from caesar to augustus and back to caesar just makes you look like a clown ( unless you are constantine , i do n't think medvedev has the pull with god that he did ) . 
  he 's rational enough to not kill russia in a conflict with an enemy that does n't want to fight it , they can not defeat and for benefits that are n't real . 
  who knows if his replacement would have such clarity of thought . 
  that is the crazy thing . 
  it is n't as if we 've been dangling cheese in front of these nations . 
  the eu pretty much did everything in its powers of apathy to sabotage relations with ukraine . 
  because when the state cuts its spending it hurts the economy . 
  this in turn reduces the tax income of the state which reduces its earnings . 
  no other organisation is large enough that austerity actually hurts the entire economy of the nation . 
  germans have always been seen as austere . 
  that is n't the same as economically savvy . 
  the common theme during the last election campaign was that you ca n't run an economy like a house hold budget . 
  the best policy remains reduction and avoidance . 
  something the uk has done reasonably at . 
  sadly we are much too late to throw the billions that should have been thrown at fusion in the 80s . 
  the wonders of facing this crisis during the era of the free market . 
   it 'd be like calling the scandinavian peninsula the ` swedish peninsula ' or the iberian peninsula the ` spanish peninsula ' . 
  of course the norwegians and portuguese are going to object to that . 
  if they were called the english isles maybe . 
  really the problem is that the uk kind of claims ownership of the whole british cultural group . 
  we have a situation more akin to germany/austria where it is blatant that germany and austria are culturally much closer to each other than with any other nation but calling austrians german is not on . 
  the point is russia wo n't be able to harmonise prices at the highest level . 
  they 'd lose loads of business . 
  the members who pay dirt low prices for russian gas do so because they have alternatives . 
  it will reduce russia gas to a commodity . 
   none of those are anywhere near the efficiency of nuclear energy . 
  somebody needs to explain this to edf when they demand subsidies much larger than wind . 
  chernobyl only happened at all because some idiot did unauthorised live system testing of the fail safes . 
  subsidies are huge in both cases . 
  onshore wind is currently slightly more cost effective per joule produced .
