  this is entirely legal and allows them to export their profit to whichever country they want . 
  there is no solution to this other than serious restrictions on ip rights . 
  when you can sell nothing , at an arbitrary price , in a free trade zone , you can in effect move the profit to whichever tax zone you want . 
  stopping this would have the wto breathing down your neck . 
  a serious rethink about the whole system is needed to stop this . 
  our laws were not created for a globalised market . 
  the law will never be right in a globalised economy . 
  we need a serious rethink between peer governments in the western world to deal with this issue . 
  it will require a serious rethink about how business is done to ensure companies ca n't export corporation tax . 
  farage is constitutionally incapable of good . 
  it would be highly unbritish of him to ever do anything that might take us out of the victorian era . 
  i expected this http://th04.deviantart.net/fs70/pre/f/2010/129/4/c/terran_marine_with_gun_by_sgthk.jpg, 
  suarez did that in luxembourg as well ? 
  man gets around . 
  to be fair germany are the least extreme of the pro-austerity group . 
  meh it is just a massive over correction after the last enlargement . 
  the uk was the only country which did n't take the grace period and we got swamped as a result . 
  there is no real problem this time but that wo n't stop people trying to win political capital with it . 
  i honestly do n't see this aggressive atheist . 
  nobody is knocking my door preaching about the good news about there not being a god . 
  i find most of this rhetoric has been stirred up by religious groups fearing their obscurity . 
  certainly in the uk the only religious war going on right now is the church becoming more militant * as it faces a reality of a minority christianity . 
  suddenly obviously good secular principles are under attack for very little reason . 
  can anyone actually point to anything approaching atheist fundamentalism that does n't amount to kids on the internet being a bit thick ? 
  * for the record that means we are actually hearing about the church . 
  it is admittedly hard for the religious to do anything without being more militant . 
  actually they will . 
  britain has been living off that principle for some time . 
  however it is structurally painful . 
  that money does n't spread itself quite as evenly . 
  the bbc should n't change articles that dramatically imo . 
  links are supposed to be somewhat persistent . 
  the headline seems backwards . 
  the echr have upheld the uk position . 
  admittedly this is one area where i 'd have said that leaving the echr would be tolerable . 
  as it is the body has seen good sense pretty much as you 'd expect . 
  we do not have a completely bought and paid for political system like the us . 
  i 'd like to keep it that way as long as possible . 
  the dm was nowhere near as useful for germany as the euro has been . 
  they 've always had an export economy but it exploded after the euro in a time where it otherwise would have come under even stronger pressure from japan and the rest of asia . 
  if the euro vanished tomorrow germany would be selling its exports at a much higher price than it does today . 
  it is absurd to think this would n't hurt exports . 
  france has a legally mandated language . 
  thatcher is a one off . 
  the only reason thatcher is being celebrated at all is because of how divisive she is . 
  nobody cares normally . 
  churchill had much less of a fuss about his death . 
  two other former pms have died within the last decade and nobody noticed . 
  labour are for a market economy and laissez-faire . 
  they are better described as a broken social democrat party today rather than a socialist one . 
  tbh the only real difference between them and the lds is the lds are socially liberal . 
  whereas labour are authoritarian on rights . 
  regardless britain is hardly hurting for free market mind share . 
  all three major british parties are free market . 
  by convention the speaker runs uncontested . 
  can you guys invade wales ? 
  helping each other to fight it does not mean giving open access to sensitive data . 
  there is a clear disjoint between how britain and europe views the police . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd be comfortable with european style militarised police having access to our information . 
  this is imo a relevant gap which ca n't just be brushed over in the name of unity . 
  how is your art ? 
   which industries do you think qualify as this ? 
  the destruction of the secondary industries is the obvious example . 
  no doubt they had their failures but history has proven viable , if more limited , secondary manufacturer can exist in developed nations . 
  germany reformed and reinvested in its secondary industries in this time frame . 
  her government also resisted opportunities to privatise the dying industries . 
  for instance the workers at tower colliery ( one of the weakest of the supposedly least viable primary industries ) fought tooth and nail to buy their colliery ( and eventually won against both the government and their own union ) . 
  tower ran profitably until it mined out despite being considered a poor mine . 
  well there were barriers beyond the war . 
  for instance a unified germany was a new state and not guaranteed its place in the eu . 
  she did n't just destroy the financially unviable ones . 
  her target was the unions rather than anything else . 
  if a union was attached it was destroyed . 
  whether profitable or not . 
  northern ireland has pretty much been in a state of on and off civil war for a long time . 
  police there are dangerously close to military . 
  yeah police are no more above the social contract than anyone else . 
  they are civilians , not military . 
  it is at the heart of the uk policing system . 
  we would not have police today if the suggestion had been to arm them . 
  it would have caused a revolution . 
  it is important to remember that police are people . 
  with the same failures that people have . 
  arming them in general is not a good idea nor is it necessary . 
  i think the generally approachable nature of our police is largely due to the british philosophy which seems to be at odds with the rest of the world . 
  that is pretty much the case with a bunch of downgraded ratings . 
  the british interest rates are negative real rates . 
  as are the american ones . 
  we 'll get rid of our tax relief when the eu takes issue with similar programs elsewhere in the eu . 
  even then it still leaves the uk haemoragging business to canada . 
  we 've gone from clear cut 3rd on the planet to near enough free fall . 
  something had to be done . 
  the uk is low on the shadow economy ranking . 
  while our legitimate economy is shady at least it is openly shady . 
  if i understand the german system correctly , does n't this mean their effective vote is 0 % ? 
  i believe you need 5 % to get counted at all . 
  it was a way to work around the fiscal cap in the us . 
  essentially the us could always mint a one off coin that will never see circulation and use it as a balance weight to always be under the fiscal cap . 
  he is right in that it is benign economically * . 
  it is n't benign politically of course .
