  otherwise revolution will destroy your group long before it can do anything relevant . 
  in this world revolution is somewhat different to what it was in the time of gladstone . 
  we do revolution with ballot papers today . 
  however the continued euroscepticism is an issue the eu must address . 
  it is n't just the uk and there is some functional issue somewhere that the eu needs to grasp and correct . 
  britain is against the ftt because it is an insane idea . 
  we take the piss out of everyone . 
  most of all ourselves . 
  it wo n't be anything as crude as outright embargos . 
  britain would find itself perpetually on the outside of major european projects . 
  it would be a subtle drift rather than an explicit policy . 
  the us have reduced their structural deficit as fast as britain have . 
  this is why secularism is so important right now . 
  as it stands the coe is taking the stance that pluralising the insane compromise in the uk is better than secularism . 
  they are the ones empowering these weird faith schools . 
  once we clear out the coe we can also then clear out the other faith schools in the uk that are creating radicals . 
  to be fair we are always honest about our positions . 
  we do n't sell self interest as a grand sacrifice like some european countries do . 
  people hate us for it but you rarely think `` what does britain really want here '' with us . 
  that is both trustworthy and arrogant . 
  it is also very self defeating sadly . 
  is n't that the purpose of eurovision ? 
  tbh in the uk every serious artist would be terrified of competing because it would stigmatise them . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  of course the uk is the most compassionate country . 
  for our definition of compassionate . 
  anyone who does n't pick themselves is lying . 
  the whole term is subjective and your nation naturally matches your subjective position . 
  unless for some reason you are an ultra-liberal nation with a communist government . 
  it is something striking about france . 
  traditionally all sides of your political debate seem to favour dirigisme . 
  one side is just mercantile capitalist while the other is socialist . 
  defence in particular is a very tricky one . 
  simple put britain and germany do n't see eye to eye on foreign policy . 
  france ironically have a very compatible position with the uk which is why we have a renewed alliance with them . 
  i think any defence integration in the eu would evolve from the entente . 
  lets see if france and britain can get along and work together first . 
  once that is done you have to tackle the political question . 
  the bulk of europe is isolationist . 
  france and britain still hold that legal and ethical intervention is both possible and ethical ( with the right checks and barriers ) . 
  there is a huge gap between these positions . 
  these days probably less so . 
  in the uk at least people who learn latin are looked upon as a bit silly rather than elite today . 
  if anything committees , shadowy or otherwise , were determined to resist this drift . 
  the whole point of the debate is the eu set up a specific mission to avoid english dominating this way . 
  i think the overall threat of ukip is probably exaggerated . 
  the main threat is that it would split the tory party . 
  both the tories and labour have a somewhat split personality on europe . 
  ukips main threat is if they look realistic they may see defections . 
  if cameron could hold the tories together then ukip is no threat at all . 
  however the eurosceptic wing of the tory party has been quite loud and has forced the issue . 
  at this point the main likely outcome is ukip will cost the tories the election by forcing them to fight on two fronts . 
  you ca n't win a two front contest in british politics . 
  if they fight for the right they will lose the centre ground to labour . 
  all labour has to really do at this point is to assuage the sceptics in their own party . 
  that could be done with as little as a last minute pledge to honour any agreement on the referendum . 
  by invading they turned it from something the we did n't care about to something that britain can never let go of . 
  it was monumentally stupid . 
  i did n't realise the parliament had the power to unilaterally change treaties without even a debate on the issue . 
  i realise that this is just some politicians but when they are operating at the behest of the eu surely they have to take ownership of the actual legal stance and position of the eu ? 
  is there no concept of collective responsibility in the eu parliament ? 
  wikipedia cites a particular case , ceglinski v. orr , where illegally gathered evidence was first allowed . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusionary_rule in particular if you obtain a confession by false means that later leads to other evidence the other evidence will count even if the confession itself can not be counted . 
  so i could torture a mafia boss until he gives me something solid to go on . 
  then i could prosecute based upon that evidence . 
  i would still be prosecuted for torture in theory and both would end up in prison . 
  ireland is n't in the commonwealth but has an arrangement with the uk that gives it all the benefits anyway . 
  in the uk it can . 
  we do n't ignore evidence because a crime was committed in retrieving it . 
  the uk position is that there are two crimes and certainly both should be prosecuted . 
  there have n't been problems with the poles themselves . 
  the problem has been the social fallout of suddenly gaining so many people . 
  i agree for the most part they are great people . 
  it is n't even about an alternative to austerity . 
  just that austerity should not be the focus . 
  there are essentially three points : 1 . 
  austerity should be limited to practical levels . 
  austerity has a sweet spot where you can reduce expenditure without completely kicking the crap out of your economy . 
  that is what the uk is currently targeting . 
  more or less 1 % of gdp off the deficit each year . 
  overall spending should n't change much in the short term . 
  there is a difference between the deficit , the primary deficit and the structural deficit . 
  overall the latter two are what we should be targeting . 
  the fear is not the debt going up . 
  the fear is not even being in a position where the debt can drop . 
  so in the short term we should be focusing more on migrating ongoing dead money towards capital expenditure and reinvestment . 
  this will actually allow you to run real austerity faster because you use capital spending to soften the fall and widen your margins for structural cuts . 
  reform is just plain more important than austerity . 
  we need to look at how we can rebalance the european market and also continue to open it up internally . 
  we shall all die with our hands around each others throats . 
  is there anything more together ? 
  obviously germany and poland should unite into a greater polemany . 
  put the capital in danzig . 
  ideally a nation should n't intentionally concentrate power like that . 
  the phrase `` dragging each other under '' is n't as uplifting . 
  if we had a national holiday for europe then the uk would be the most pro-european nation ever . 
  provided you line it up with our week long summer of course . 
  there is n't a plan beyond austerity . 
  everyone talks about restructuring . 
  ironically germany is the prime opponent of an obvious reform line the eu could take .
