  iceland is due to explode in fire and closed airports surely ? 
  maybe move there ? 
   except for the fact that since that time the ukrainian military has been busy shelling its own people into oblivion . 
  any evidence of that ? 
  the videos russia have been showing are from kazakhstan . 
  cornwall was a different kingdom to what wales was . 
  even has its own distinct branch of brythonic . 
  north of england , strathclyde and wales were all part of the same culture group speaking what we now call old welsh . 
   from what i understand of ukraine , it is a fundamentally divided country , between those who identify as ukrainian , concentrated in the west , and those who identify as russian concentrated in the east . 
  polling has consistently shown that both sides identify strongly with ukraine . 
  they differ only over who their natural allies should be . 
  if there was that strong a support for separatism in eastern ukraine then they would n't be struggling to oust kiev so much . 
  for historic purposes it 'd be more sensible if you paired cornwall with new saxony , the mid north of england with wales and then ireland , scotland and the far north of england . 
  i think we can be more subtle than this . 
  the asian economy is punished by such a sanction from russia as much as the eu . 
  we can work with the chinese to effectively cut moscow out of future consideration . 
  china would love to simply absorb moscow 's section of the industry . 
  actually the industrial sector is growing and britain have overtaken everyone in europe who is n't germany . 
  britain is literally in an ideal position with regard to manufacturing . 
  we are n't stupidly one dimensional about it like germany but we are ahead of every one else . 
  the share the financial sector has of the uk market is n't anything like what the share of manufacturing is in germany . 
  britain has a manufacturing sector as large as its financial sector . 
  it has a creative industries slightly behind them . 
  it has a diverse services sector . 
  politically and culturally we have an insane focus on the financial sector but it is n't borne out in physical reality on the ground . 
  our manufacturers actually contribute more to the treasury than our financial services . 
   exactly . 
  do you know why ? 
  because nato changed how war is fought . 
  it is amazing how people do not see this . 
  this type of asymmetric war is not new . 
  russia has n't changed war . 
  they 've done what every military that can not achieve victory has done . 
  tried to play for a stalemate via subterfuge and hope the other side loses the will to fight . 
  it can not work in ukraine , those people are fighting for their country and will not lose the will to fight . 
  russia knows nato has abject superiority . 
  it has known it since the kosovo war . 
  the main reason that irritated russia is the west demonstrated that we do indeed possess those sci-fi weapons that were talked about near the end of the cold war . 
  there is no future for the current russian approach . 
  they have invested bugger all in their future . 
  regardless of the results of their current militarism their economy is completely baseless . 
  it is n't like australia where they are supplementing a sound and diverse economy by digging shit out of the ground . 
  russia just digs stuff out of the ground . 
  even a russian victory only really condemns ukraine to the mire with them . 
  interestingly the ones that want to stay in are just as happy to use bombs . 
  it is a clusterfuck . 
  when the partition happened we were told by the uvs that they 'd make britain bleed if we handed them to ireland . 
  the pira did that anyway . 
  if the troubles ever start again we should agree with ireland to just build a big wall around the place . 
  the scottish gdp is twice that of rheinland-pfalz . 
  genocide is n't a fundamental part of fascism . 
  it is a certainty that every country will run into financial trouble at some point . 
   what the fuck is wrong with the russian psyche where all of this is ok ??? 
  it is a backwater economically . 
  this was n't a problem when their immediate neighbours also have problems . 
  what do you think is going to happen 10 years from now as the baltics and poland are closer to the uk than to russia in economic development ? 
  russia are going to have western standard economies right on their doorstep . 
  their people are going to ask why the fuck they are poor . 
  the point is right now the boe and uk government will bail out scottish financial institutes if it all goes to hell . 
  also if the scottish economy dips the uk government is prepared to keep spending up . 
  if scotland runs into financial trouble they need to be able to print and borrow on their own terms . 
  they can not do that in a currency union . 
  i think it would be unpredictable . 
  there is a heavy dose of national hubris in the eurosceptic camp . 
  a scottish exit will shatter the whole aura of invincibility some of them seem to project . 
  scottish membership is certain . 
  the only issue they 'd have is going through the hoop jumping process . 
  in the meantime they could join the eea far more quickly while they await full eu membership . 
  spain have already said they wo n't veto scotland . 
  the problem with a non-binding yes vote is you 'd need a referendum in ruk and scotland to reinstitute the union . 
  that would be a lot of political forces aligning at once . 
  even stopped a mass murderer . 
  you should actually invade ukraine so putin can be telling the truth about something . 
  the brain damage caused by his propaganda coming true will cripple his ability to function . 
  the wall is 700m tall . 
  tbh cultural christianity is dying . 
  in the uk we are quickly becoming a nation of non-religious on one hand and die hard christians on the other . 
  the children of `` christians '' invariably decide that claiming to be christian when they do n't believe in god and do n't go to church is a bit silly . 
  would you rather we promise help and do nothing or promise nothing but help ? 
  i think a cold war is really unlikely . 
  the most likely result of this is a real kick up the arse for european energy infrastructure . 
  we 'll see europe get gradually less dependent on russian gas . 
  then sanctions are n't really needed because russia will have no bargaining power . 
  russia are really fucked however this ends . 
  even if we return to normalcy they will find their gas prices driven down to values such that they 'll no longer be able to develop new fields very easily . 
  why are n't latvia 's new light tank brigades counted ? 
  as i 've mentioned elsewhere , these tanks have archaic armour . 
  modern composite armour is more or less immune to current tank arms . 
  the top line tanks fielded by britain , germany and the us can basically shoot each other all day without failing . 
  as it is latvia does n't even have a tank army . 
  so basically there are bigger issues than the weaknesses of the actual tank units . 
  training crews , working out supply and maintenance , etc. 
  they 'll want to mix in some of the heavies later on . 
  looks like these have steel and aluminium armour . 
  makes them a bit archaic but if this is literally your first armoured force then you have bigger issues than the fact the tanks will explode from a single shell hit . 
  does she get eye problems with all that shine ? 
  the brain drain in spain is mainly to our gain . 
  nanny state is a term brought about because the state intercedes in issues that are harmful primarily to the target . 
  like drug control . 
  it of course does n't apply to this which is about regulating interaction between citizens which is the realm of the state .
