  cromwell is an odd character in that everything that people see that is good about the british monarchy was literally created by cromwell . 
  yet at the same time people hate him because he overthrew the monarchy . 
  the guy knowingly printed false pictures of abuse by british soldiers in iraq when he was editor of the mirror . 
  they wo n't be much use when they cut their eyes out either . 
  [ new flair for you ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/29/flag_of_austria-hungary_\\ ( 1869-1918 \\ ) . svg/1280px-flag _ of_austria-hungary _ \\ ( 1869-1918 \\ ) . svg.png ), 
  austria in a political union with the balkans . 
  what can possibly go wrong ? 
  yeah the average . 
  some days were worse than others . 
  to be fair that is like a day of casualties in ww1 . 
  poland held them for 4 weeks . 
  despite the plan for dealing with the nazis requiring them to only hold for 2 . 
  despite also being invaded in the east . 
  we ran because the french decided to sack and replace their general at a crucial moment . 
  if gamelin 's counter attack had proceeded as planned the german armour would have been stuck behind the enemy front and cut off from their infantry . 
  instead at this critical moment the french government sacked their general and put a ditherer ( and subsequent collaborator ) in charge who delayed the counter attack long enough for the german infantry to close their lines . 
  the whole affair was a monumental screw up beyond the norms of generals merely fighting the previous war . 
  the civilian leadership sacking a general at the critical hour was remarkable . 
  then far right politicians used an evacuation of the french parliament to create a rump parliament that sold france to germany . 
  not their finest hour . 
  to be fair we left once weygand took over and decided to act like a moron in the crucial 48 hours that turned the battle of france into a complete rout . 
  tbh you can get 10 % of people to agree to just about anything . 
   the pope technically retains the power to create roman emperors , even if he has n't done so for a long time now . 
  the pope technically never legally had that power . 
  the power to create roman emperors always sat with the previous emperor/s . 
  legally the wre ended with all the rights and privileges therein handed to constantinople . 
  a western emperor could only legally be crowned by the eastern empire . 
  in fact the reason leo iii crowned charlemange is it seemed the byzantines were very close to an agreement that would give him that honour legally . 
  leo iii basically ambushed charlemange with a crown which meant that any kind of union with the east ( where the emperor ruled the patriarch ) became impossible . 
  did n't they do that once and come back with 11 soldiers ? 
  it 'll be interesting to see what the policy for this is . 
  tax strikes ? 
   going as far back as the crusades . 
  so not very far then . 
  the us food regulations are laughable . 
  gmo is subject to the precautionary principle like everything else in the eu . 
  russia 's modernisation is still very early on . 
  the sanctions have more or less brought it grinding to a halt . 
  the uk has been by far the most belligerent country in western europe against russia . 
  germany are the ones who want to play chamberlain . 
  russia struggled to steam roll across georgia . 
  i seriously doubt any company will leave specifically because of brexit . 
  the fear is what companies will in future choose not to come because we are n't in the eu anymore . 
  tell that to belgium !, 
  to be fair northern ireland reminds us of the balkans too . 
  are people lazy in germany or something ? 
  they conflated between christ and sol invictus ( another monotheistic religion that had gained acceptance in rome ) to build christianity . 
  sol invictus was born on the 25th of december . 
  a lot of early christian iconography has christ with a solar halo linking him to sol invictus . 
  most christmas traditions have always been there . 
  the gift giving is the core one and we have evidence of that going back as far as the punic wars . 
  i give up lent for lent each year without fail . 
   christmas has become just a traditional break in the west in most of the west christmas predates christ . 
  it is just going back to what it always was . 
  training exercises was a thing even in the 1300s . 
  is ~ ~ mordor ~ ~ russia in that direction ? 
  in the 70s and 80s the politicians were n't trying to scare the population . 
  the 90s were an historic quiet period . 
   the feminazist muslims will finally kill all white men in sweden and usurp control in which russia will invade as to protect the russian minorities there and there will be a full blown war for an hour and the femi-muslims will surrender and flee to france , leaving sweden with only ~ ~ cis-white men ~ ~ russian speaking minorities . 
  ftfy . 
  enjoy being the new kaliningrad . 
  [ something like this . 
  ] ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/playstationallstarsbattleroyale/images/a/af/the-mask-guns.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120919215009 ), 
  10 aks are also better than 1 pricey belgian rifle . 
  if you can afford 10 pricey belgian rifles then you have to ask if you actually need 100 . 
  once you can afford more aks can you can use it might be worth looking upmarket . 
  when they tested the finished version they dragged it 10 miles behind a truck to see if it would still work afterwards . 
  it did . 
  the sanctions have badly impeded the ability of russia to finance their way out of this crisis though . 
  it should n't be underestimated . 
  yeah national service of that kind is a complete waste of time that people only seem to love because it grinds in the idea that the state owns you . 
  it would be an economic disaster . 
  nobody wants to admit that the dark ones influence is on the world . 
  i think any nation potentially fits . 
  right now russia and turkey are going completely the wrong way . 
  ukraine has been trying to go the right direction but due to internal issues and external pressures ( and polonium ) are struggling to see it through . 
  belarus is so far out there that it is difficult to see which direction they are going . 
  hard to judge velocity from a great distance . 
  most of the post communist nations are going through the period where crazies get elected because nobody is used to democracy yet . 
  everyone has it . 
  it only becomes problematic when the constitution of the democratic nation gets destroyed * before the nation can settle down to keeping politicians where they can be seen and not heard . 
  * germany famously and i 'd say egypt more recently as the extreme example, 
  all these people 's republics make me hate people . 
   and oh look , no mention of the uk predominant financial sector . 
  it remains smaller than our manufacturing sector . 
  it is overly powerful in terms of political influence but is n't nearly as large a section of the economy as people believe . 
  most of the growth in the uk is coming from services and the creative industries ( mainly software ) . 
  they had to make a trade off between the music and having rachel stevens on tv . 
   victorian london was n't particularly diverse by the standards of the time it was . 
  it was the head of a global empire . 
  people did n't just sit in the colonies . 
  fuck the french are more miserable than us . 
  this just depresses me . 
  the point is there were dozens of various sized russian states . 
  it was in no sense unified . 
  it became unified via muscovy aggression . 
  never has the point of an article been so adequately demonstrated . 
  nothing anyone else could have written could possibly prove the point more than this delusional drivel . 
   basically he was trying to desperately hold on to their fleeting super power status so were we a fleeting power on its last legs , citizens literally starving and terrified , or were we this vast demon that could suddenly just divide europe ? 
  russia of course had only the best intentions for the land it was liberating .
