  all previous interventions in civil wars have been justified on the basis of external actors taking part . 
  unless russia are found to be arming catalans then nato has no jurisdiction legally . 
  http://www.nato.int/terrorism/five.htm http://www.un.org/en/documents/charter/chapter7.shtml, 
  they are making pretty decent progress as well if you compare to ireland back in the day . 
  they are both taking in less and growing faster . 
  this is n't to criticise the irish , i think we 've learned a great deal from their growth in the eu . 
  well the point with that is that some of the us response was corrupt . 
  they have the naked scanners only because the us senator in charge of deciding on security held a large shareholding in the company that got the contract . 
  what is controversial about that ? 
  getting a flight in the us was literally like getting on a bus . 
  the vast bulk of plane hijackings occurred on us internal flights . 
  this was just the first time somebody turned one into a weapon . 
  9/11 would never have been possible with an international flight . 
  no we were daft enough to follow you into iraq . 
  however yes the us internal flight security was child like before 9/11 . 
  well in general it is true that the `` free market '' does not operate like the free market . 
  while we have a global market in which a bunch of the players are intent on propping up their favourite corporations the entire concept is dangerous . 
  organisations like nice to counteract the weird corporate protection schemes governments like to create are a complete necessity in the current economic model . 
  now if gsk , bayer and co actually faced a free market then we could get rid of nice . 
  you are n't going to sell us cancer drugs for a decent price ? 
  i wonder if your competitors would . 
   2 or 3 rich guys do n't make a market . 
  without patents there is honestly no reason other investors ca n't get involved . 
  the vast bulk of the costs of ` medical research ' have been demonstrated to be marketing and legal costs . 
  these companies spend more on ensuring their rivals can not make their drugs than they spend on developing the drugs . 
  without the patent system the costs of actually developing drugs would drop dramatically ironically . 
  slavery was a concern in the us war of independence for the same reasons it caused texas to rebel . 
  the british empire had just started its turn towards full on unilateral war on the slave trade . 
  in 1772 another court case on slavery in the uk had just ended with victory for the abolitionist camp . 
  the previous major case had only concluded that slaves that set foot on mainland britain were freed . 
  this case actually destroyed the common law justifications that under pinned the entire trade . 
  the revolutionaries , led by major slave owners , rebelled only 3 years later . 
  to understand why privatisation works you need to understand what the tories actually aim at . 
  take their endless attempts to break the monopoly nice has on drugs regulation and pricing in the uk . 
  nice basically negotiates for the entire nhs . 
  if you do n't give them a good enough price then they 'll declare that the proposed benefit is n't worth the cost and that the nhs should focus its limited resources on more productive avenues . 
  then the companies turn around and offer a better deal . 
  it is one of the unique advantages of the nhs . 
  the tories hate this . 
  they want to see the market operate ` more efficiently ' by which they mean return higher profit margins for the big pharmaceutical companies . 
  if the nhs monopoly on the demand for drugs was broken then those companies would indeed make more money . 
  it would however be at the expense of the population . 
  the wider theory is that these privatisations would grow the market in general so while we pay more for healthcare we 'd earn more and thus could afford it . 
  this might even work were it not for the fact that abuse of patent law means that nice is at best counter balancing a ridiculous monopoly . 
  if there was a free market in drugs then indeed nice would hurt the market rather than correct the abuses of corporate monopolies . 
  a sustainable approach would be one that directed the proceeds from the finite resource towards development of renewables . 
  little chance of that happening of course . 
  it is n't even worth responding to claims of fascism . 
  that term has been completely meaningless since the day hitler shot himself . 
  between the ussr , far left groups in the west and now russia abusing it to call literally everyone who disagrees with them a fascist the term is meaningless . 
   years immediately following 9/11 terrorism actually was a pretty serious threat to the west no it was n't . 
  the attacks after 9/11 were retaliatory attacks for the interventions in the middle east . 
  if we did n't war on terror there 'd be no london bombing . 
  9/11 was a one off created by farcically lax american internal flight security . 
  but do n't forget it is worse practically everywhere else . 
  constantinople obviously . 
  that is why there is a european army . 
  yes but russia only ruins the world for 10k years . 
  we will have beaten russian forever !, 
  well they could n't say `` routine deployment '' because that is code word for `` fuck you russia have some troops on your border '' . 
  some parts of europe have enough military to act on their own . 
  even the uk and france do n't have the logistics for an extended campaign . 
  effectively that person is saying the question does n't even make sense . 
  it is like asking if maths is ethically acceptable . 
  or more likely alcohol is such a problem in russia that there is a huge minority who dislike it ? 
   neither party will be able to hold a majority . 
  the system does n't work that way . 
  it took a very specific set of circumstances to bring about the current coalition . 
  current polling suggests a workable but weak labour majority . 
  http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/  anyone who thinks this election is n't going to be extremely close is deluding themselves . 
  that is only true because i think ukip will dissolve at election time . 
  much like the lds tend to . 
  the question is who will they end up voting for ? 
  will they bother at all ? 
  it is at this point hard to properly poll ukip because nobody knows just how sticky their support is . 
  a lot of the lds drop in rating comes about because the major pollsters changed how they count the lds figures after their flop in 2010 . 
  they do n't have similar figures for ukip . 
  this article is just a bunch of talk . 
  polling intentions suggest something like 4 % of labour voters intend to vote ukip while 12 % of tory voters intend to vote ukip . 
  this is a net win for labour under our horrific fptp system . 
  yeah i have to admit as somebody who is strongly pro-european the way this idea has progressed has shaken my confidence in the maturity of the eu . 
  the concept is bizarre , has been justified on shaky grounds and has been pushed through mostly to spite the uk . 
  it is meant to put a damper on hft which is low risk , high volume trading which normalises prices across markets . 
  it is entirely a `` moral '' tax which is being put in place because people feel hfts do n't `` earn '' their money . 
  never mind that price normalisation is inherently a good thing for the economy . 
  the entire world trade system is about price normalisation . 
  buying stuff that is cheap and selling it where it is expensive which reduces the relative over/under supply in each place . 
  hft is just very , very good at it . 
  without hft we 'll have more arbitrage trading going on which will in turn create more bubbles as people get vast profits from simply moving stocks back and forth between markets . 
  it will inherently create instability . 
  now kiss ? 
  moldova will probably get a better percentage but on a smaller base . 
  moldova probably wo n't catch romania until romania approaches western standards and their growth slows down . 
  no they are n't . 
  all the polls on the matter suggest a small amount from labour and a huge amounts from the tories . 
  it does n't even matter if they take some votes from labour . 
  the system works on plurality . 
  if they take 5 % off labour and 10 % off the tories then labour wins . 
  they have to take more from labour than from the tories or get enough to win themselves before labour care . 
   and parliament i guess ?
