  just ignore the mangled limbs and bits of brain lying everywhere . 
  why do things the easy way when you can induce vast pain for no benefit ? 
   fabio bassi from jp morgan says the ecb will surprise everybody , proving just as aggressive in fighting deflation as it was in fighting inflation . 
  you 'd hope it was far , far more aggressive . 
  deflation is infinitely more dangerous than inflation . 
  nested bracket titles are hard to parse . 
  usually in the uk they do this during the end of year bullshit when school becomes 100 % pointless . 
  it is amazing the effort people will go to in order to make kids go to school when there is literally nothing happening whatsoever . 
  if that effort was applied to ensuring schools did n't have 2 wasted weeks at the end of each year the problem would be solved by now . 
  the people calling keynesianism a socialist ideal are the right . 
  nobody on the left considers the two to be the same . 
  libertarian is only a word because the us has a weird definition of liberal . 
  to be fair the economist are hard line liberals . 
  they would n't like france . 
  yes but nobody cares about napoleonic time . 
  not since britain defeated him single handedly . 
  you ca n't bind parliament . 
  any parliament could put scrapping or bypassing that bill as part of the treaty ascension process . 
  it was a legal null op . 
  the rebate mechanism should be extended to the entire eu . 
  the wealthy agricultural countries like france should bear more of the brunt for a policy that they want . 
  before the uk objected cap was just a transfer mechanism from the north to the south . 
  fwiw your government agrees with ours . 
  hopefully this whole silly debate will put an end to the question for some time . 
  i think labour will back a referendum and when push comes to shove the in campaign will massively outspend the out campaign . 
  yes . 
  they will all stand on the french border at 11:59 pm the day before . 
  then in one mass they all jump into the channel and swim for their benefits . 
  are there predators in croatia ? 
  we might have found a solution for the problem . 
  one thing the uk does defend is political free speech . 
  how is this different to spitting image 's portrayal of thatcher and her admiring next door neighbour adolf ? 
  the government `` estimate '' was a blatant lie . 
  that was n't a mistake as much as labour not telling everyone what they were doing . 
  what on earth do you think the intent of opening the uk as the only eu destination poles could come to was ? 
  the uk has a massive population crisis on coming , admittedly not as bad as some other eu nations . 
  blair was trying to inject some population . 
  london , new york and hong kong have switched back and forth a lot . 
  london has the advantage of straddling the time zones well so catches a lot of the international trade . 
  there has never been any solid evidence of the whole human trafficking angle . 
  it is an excuse for them to do what they want to do anyway . 
  i would n't be certain of that . 
  these votes are n't always on strict rational lines . 
  it reads a lot like bullying and salmond is perhaps the one politician left in the uk who can exploit that . 
  decentralisation is allowing wales to dump the london centric policy making that comes out of westminster . 
  policies like prescription charges actually cost money to the tax payer everywhere outside the south east . 
  the cost of charging for the drugs is greater than the value retrieved from the charges in wales , scotland and most of england . 
  so yeah the flow of money ( if you ignore all the off book stuff london gets ) might be in favour of everywhere else . 
  however the actual policies are designed to be efficient in london and are n't efficient most other places . 
  we are slowly going to turn the entirety of europe into a giant tourist and retirement resort . 
  then we declare the new british empire . 
  you are german . 
  it is understandable . 
  it is interesting when dealing with clear cut options that he says both of them are stupid and so are these other options that are n't even on the table . 
  wales has never been one independent thing . 
  the old rulers of wales , when one was agreed upon , effectively claimed to represent the entirety of england and wales ( literally king of the britons ) . 
  their goal was to drive the saxons out of england . 
  much more like a one china situation than a separate nation . 
  which is why when one man was simultaneously recognised by both sides it unified a defacto split rather than ended a dejure split . 
  wales as a separate concept only really appeared later . 
  sosban fach would be hilarious in eurovision , i 'd love to hear commentators detailing what the lyrics mean . 
  also it would get those that are too far west out into the world where they can achieve genetic diversity . 
  the vast bulk of these states are wales sized in population so obviously not important . 
  i 'm pretty sure we are the official authority on all border drawing activities . 
  the americans better prepare to rename all their street signs . 
  `` so , how many divisions has the pope ? '', 
  technically the island is great britain but the country is uk so it is fine . 
  would you put sicily on the map ? 
  does n't help that both are sets of little countries that used to be part of bigger countries . 
  if britain splits up we can have britain , balkans and baltics . 
  if you name them all ohio you will get at least one right . 
  i 'll admit to getting a little confused around the balkans . 
  all that i know comes from paradox studios . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  basically he is arguing that russia is n't out of place in europe . 
  it is a reasonable claim . 
  the us is too big to stop . 
  spain is n't . 
  it would really depend upon what the eu is . 
  certain forms of union would be potentially beneficial to russia . 
  i ca n't see russia wanting to be part of a federal eu though . 
  i think from the eu side it wo n't be allowed unless we allow turkey in . 
  effectively the larger the eu is the more easily it could accommodate russia without becoming lop sided . 
  it is interesting . 
  we pretend that we are n't targeting russia . 
  this is a lie when you examine it . 
  the eu is ensuring that there are no other power blocks in europe . 
  if there are then inevitably there will one day be war between those power blocks . 
  not having such wars is at the heart of the eu mission . 
  so we ensure russia never becomes a super power again so that we will never be in a position where we fight them . 
  the eu is eager to get every european nation . 
  maybe even russia . 
  the purpose of the union is to avoid war . 
  the more people who are in the more likely that becomes . 
  lets be clear , the eu is a rejection of balance of power politics . 
  the goal is to be the biggest kid in the yard while behaving reasonably . 
  the eu wants unquestionable one sided soft power . 
  we want to be the trade block nobody can ignore . 
  while we also want to be theoretically a power of near untouchable quality if ww3 happened . 
  when it boils down to it sense means the ukraine joins the eu .
