  it is n't legally or strategically controversial . 
  i do n't even like thatcher but there was no legal issue with the sinking of the belgrano . 
  it was controversial because people did n't like thatcher and some wanted to hand over the islands to the argentinians . 
  if germany leaves it would be the biggest loser . 
  yes the fiscal multipliers support at the very most mild austerity as we are seeing now in the uk . 
  in actual fact stimulus would be better but a slow claw in of public finances is the only sensible austerity policy . 
  breaking the unions was not the problem . 
  she broke the unions then dismantled the entirety of the industry . 
  it was kind of like curing a person of aids by lethal injection . 
  there is n't really ambiguity in the sinking of the belgrano . 
  even the captain of that ship has always maintained the sinking was legal and correct . 
  the scandal was artificially constructed by the left . 
  the exclusion zone was for neutral ships . 
  argentinian warships were by no sensible description neutral . 
  the belgrano was a valid target wherever on the world it happened to be sailing . 
  i 'm still wondering if she has permanently damaged the union . 
  the snp are the children of thatcher as much as new labour . 
  she created a political rift here that may never heal . 
  that might be the greater harm over any particular decision . 
  ireland is relatively safe . 
  britain pretty much has a `` bail out ireland at all costs '' policy . 
  it really depends on what the couple have agreed to . 
  arbitrators have whatever civil powers the people involved have given to them . 
  though divorce would be protected . 
  fwiw we 'll see more of this now the government have cut legal aid for divorce cases . 
  the edl is n't racist . 
  just its members . 
  welsh speaker in `` no really we are english '' monmouthshire ? 
  tbh welsh seems like a neat language . 
  the whole `` grammar that dictates good sentence flow '' idea is a bit unique . 
  of course it ruins our english because we tend to insert superfluous words even if we have n't spent a day learning welsh . 
  however the pragmatist in me always ends up winning the argument . 
  if i was to devote time to learning a language it would be german or french . 
  i 'm not sure this is true . 
  my understanding was most education courses in europe would teach ` standard ' english . 
  though it is true that many will pick up americanism from culture . 
  we have that in britain . 
  we probably speak more american english than europeans . 
  sadly not a paradox . 
  it is obvious that this statement is false . 
  there must exist at least one cretan who tells the truth . 
  it is a neat thought experiment though . 
  france is n't really a north or south case . 
  france is in its own special state . 
  dirigisme is a failing concept and the french have never properly abandoned it . 
  france would be explosively powerful with reform but i ca n't see it happening . 
  keep your eurotests out of my sovereignty !, 
  / r/byzantium has historic rights over the balkan politics !, 
  we need a separate serbian and kosovo politics reddit . 
  why insult kippers this way ? 
  yeah the echr is a separate body . 
  who 's charter was written by wiston churchill . 
  he claimed it enshrined the essence of traditional british principles of human rights . 
  it is an hilarious target for our right wing . 
  who have turned churchill into a messianic figure . 
  the hra itself is a british law designed to give british judges the right to establish the boundaries of cultural wriggle room the echr gives you . 
  the only reason they hate the hra is the british judges turned out to be even stricter than the main echr courts . 
  as a brit i insist we are the guys on the right . 
  did n't the teutonic order basically colonise you both ? 
  the colonies are sadly not really touched upon in school . 
  the history tradition was set in a time period where we were ignoring the nasty parts of our history . 
  so british history lessons literally go romans -  saxons -  normans -  tudors and stuarts -  nothing happened here -  industrial revolution -  ww1 and ww2 . 
  i do n't think there is currently a plan to white wash the history . 
  it is just the traditional curriculum and there is so much history that one of those time periods needs to be dropped if we are going to do imperial britain . 
  i feel sorry for austria . 
  in my latest eu3 play through they expanded like a champ and then bumped into my revived byzantine empire . 
  so much coast so close and yet so far . 
  i 'm just glad they follow truces . 
  all my troops are out fighting barbarians and we could do without a 100k angry austrians after our coast . 
  he has a point though . 
  the british empire was so successful because we had a dominion system . 
  colonies were basically left to get on with it domestically . 
  britain would defend them and trade with them . 
  in return they would contribute to and support british foreign policy goals . 
  most european nations were running very centralised empires in comparison . 
  many nations started to actually join the empire freely because it meant they would n't be conquered by other europeans . 
  fuck the vandals . 
  they destroyed the roman empire !, 
  punitive measures are never a good idea . 
  regulation yes . 
  just punishing a sector of industry is childish . 
  beggar thy neighbour is popular in europe right now sadly . 
  nothing about the ftt tax makes any sense . 
  i 'm actually yet to see any real justification for it other than it will be punitive on the financial services . 
  i think getting screwed hard by ww2 created a generation of criminals . 
  the fall of the berlin wall was the start of the recovery . 
  you ca n't fix a problem by keeping a wall up . 
  maybe we can invite napoleon out of exile ? 
  hard to smuggle when you are openly the home of dodgy money . 
  that is the problem with the uk . 
  we are n't pretending to be honest . 
  it is similar other than the fact the hre princes were obviously nobles rather than democratic heads of state . 
  it even had a weird inner circle much like the eu had until recently . 
  i fucking hate this good v evil narrative that goes on around the wars . 
  the germans are pretty much trained from birth today to see their fault in the war . 
  it is like kicking someone who ca n't fight back . 
  bloody cowardly . 
  nobody can deny britain played its part in the disaster . 
  while i wo n't go as far as equivocating what the nazi 's did with what we did , to deny the evil we did is dangerous . 
  i apologise that some of my countrymen are a bit tapped .
