  there just is n't anything enforcing the nap . 
  it 's just a rule to live by , enforced by ... no one , really . 
  in my view , the best near term alternative would be a socialist market economy in which companies can compete in a market fashion , but the hierarchical structure inside these companies is removed and the companies are controlled by workers councils rather than ceo 's and shareholder elected executives . 
  but if we ca n't go that far , a social democratic government is vastly superior to a libertarian one ( or none at all ) . 
  to answer your question : progressive taxation , income dependent healthcare premiums , progressive capital gains tax , and an open and democratic government , as a way of doing it within a capitalist system , as much as is possible . 
  so anarchism ? 
  what kind ? 
  if your answer is anarcho-capitalism , i think you 're dead wrong . 
  reading over it , it seems like the community has panicked a little too much about certain things . 
  though , of course the european commission is n't exactly neutral on this either . 
  any comments/criticisms against this document ? 
  * homage to catalonia * by george orwell . 
  it 's about his experiences fighting on the side of the poum during the spanish civil war . 
  how does it give more power than the house elections , which are exactly the same , minus the complicated seat allocation ? 
  the national party programs are exactly the same . 
  if anything it makes it harder for locals to get their guy in office because they have no direct power over who gets to sit in the senate , only what party they 're from . 
  people in the senate vote along the lines of the national parties , not according to the population of the provinces . 
  it 's an empty shell of local representation that just exists as a copy of the house and serves no purpose of local representation . 
  seriously , if you want to vote on local matters , do so during the house elections . 
  there 's hardly a difference and the only reason senate elections are different is because fewer young people care to go out and vote . 
  except it does n't . 
  the members of the states provincial just vote on members of their party , so you end up with a system that 's proportional like the house , except without direct elections . 
  it does n't give the provinces any more power , because people who sit there represent parties , not provinces . 
   how do you plan on doing that ? 
  like most modern democracies , with a supreme court that checks if laws do n't break the constitution . 
  and if you 're hell bent on a provincial check on the house , at least do it like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundesrat_of_germany ) rather than having a proportional body basically the same as the house , except with less power . 
  jews were a large ethnic and religious group of people from all classes . 
  top executives of banks are millionaires whose entire job is running banks ( and were arguably responsible for the financial crisis of 2008 ) . 
  yeah , totally comparable . 
  anti-austerity ! = communism , and anti-capitalism does not equal a new ddr . 
  the eu parliament votes on laws proposed by the european commission , which is elected by the parliament . 
  while the parliament is directly elected , the eu legislature is bicameral ; the council also has to agree on issues , and the council is indirectly chosen and represents the interests of the eu governments , not the people . 
  under the agreement that the eu has very limited responsibilities ( currency , basic fiscal policy , defence ) and we act under the principle of dual federalism ? 
  and under the agreement that the council is abolished and all legislative power put into the hands of a directly elected parliament ? 
  deal . 
  organizations with a lot of power do n't scale very well , and i think it 's best to leave most tasks ( at least executive tasks ) at the local level to save on bureaucracy and make sure we have a government that 's both democratic and ( reasonably ) efficient . 
  it sounds really nice indeed . 
  it has been used at reasonably large scales a few times in history , though never for much longer than a year ( anarchist catalonia jumps to mind as the primary example ) . 
  whether it 's sustainable is debatable but there 's definitely a case to be made compared to current or historical systems . 
  social democracy is a movement that has the goal of reforming a liberal state and society into a socialist one through the use of representative democracy . 
  simply having a democratic element does n't make it social democracy . 
  libertarian socialist movements advocate a confederation of self-managing , directly democratic organisations and local communes . 
  the pkk rejects conventional states and instead set up a system more similar to that advocated by libertarian socialists . 
  [ see also ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/group_of_communities_in_kurdistan#ideology ), 
  is n't the pkk more of a libertarian socialist movement nowadays ? 
  yep . 
  and see my extra comment added below . 
  it used to be higher , i believe it used to be 70 % back in the 70 's . 
  the current government is a center right ( liberal + labour ) and put in charge during years of crisis , so they decided against significant lowering of taxes because they did n't have the budget flexibility to do so and would require much bigger tearing down of the welfare state . 
  on top of that , the maximum income box is reached only at 56k per year , which is a lot higher than the highest belgian income box . 
  netherlands : 0 % we do have a capital tax , which is 1.2 % of the total capital . 
  assumed is that capital gains are 4 % of total capital , and there 's a 30 % tax issued on those gains . 
  so a stock broker earning 10 % profits on his capital get an effective rate of 12 % and someone with a big savings account with 1 % interest ( the standard now ) gets an effective tax rate of 120 % . 
   luxembourg : 3 % if you are a giant corporation . 
  same !, 
  * tax haven high five * ( the corporate tax rate is 25 % , but the dutch government sometimes sits around the table and makes `` exceptions '' for companies like google and starbucks ; the latter only pays an effective tax on their profits of about 3 % ), 
   using the wrong flag ratios burn the witch !, 
  if we are n't capable of agreeing on rules to fund our own military we should n't make one . 
  difference is that the eu mandate would be legally binding , with sanctions or even being put out of the army as a result of not following the agreed on mandate . 
  if they want a lower one , they should negotiate it at the council . 
  the nato one is n't really heavily enforced . 
  i disagree . 
  the foundation of any state , a federation or not , is how it presents itself to the outside world ; a common military and common foreign policy are by far the most important thing for that . 
  every country should contribute a minimum percentage of gdp to that military . 
  as long as the member states make sure they stay within the eu budget rules , a fiscal union is n't more important than a foreign policy union . 
  yeah communism has never been the enemy to the west . 
  absolutely never . 
  you 're arguing that nazism is less bad than communism for killing less people . 
  really , that 's a terribly black and white way of looking at anything . 
   you already have that . 
  they are called representatives , and they are elected specifically for that purpose . 
  they are also under absolutely zero obligation to follow the will of their voters after getting their seats . 
  sure , they might lose some seats next election , but apparently this hardly stops them from rushing through terrible legislation as long as they can . 
   a slim majority is still a majority . 
  and it 's too little of a share of the population to justify laws passed affecting 100 % of the population , especially on issues that affect people outside of that majority . 
   quite a strange definition of a democratic system : barring people from expressing an opinion if you find something questionable about the way they decide to vote . 
  i will quote you from a few comments up :  giving uninformed and clueless people a voice on how to decide over something they are completely oblivious about and are unable to understand the implications makes it impossible to get to adequate decisions . 
  so you think they should be allowed to choose people to make decisions , but you do n't think they should be allowed to have a direct say ? 
  if they are capable of deciding who 's in charge , why are n't they capable of thinking on the issues that their leader is in charge of ? 
  do n't you think that joining in on the debate would be better at informing these `` clueless people '' them than going in a closed voting booth ? 
  what is even the point of having elected representatives if the people who elected them are incapable of thinking for themselves , as you seem to argue ? 
   i suspect that what you really wish is to get a disproportionate say over a state 's affair over your fellow citizens , without ever having to run in any election . 
  i 'm arguing the exact opposite . 
  everyone should have a say , and should have the right to argue for and defends his beliefs , even if some guy on the internet labels them `` clueless '' , and any delegate should be required to argue as his constituents wish him , not as he promised them he would ( with no real obligation to actually do so ) . 
  once someone has killed millions of people , arguing about the number of people really does n't mean anything , especially when you do n't take into account the reasons . 
  the only thing that stopped hitler from killing more people was probably time , and a limited population to murder . 
  if `` hitler was n't such a bad guy because he only killed 6 million jews for being jewish '' is your argument for saying nazism is better than communism , it 's a pathetically weak one . 
   this is impossible if you advocate making these decisions by polling random uninformed citizens regarding a public policy or an investment , i do n't . 
  i advocate for policy to be determined through consensus ( or if necessary qmv ) democracy , by delegates from democratically run free associations ( labour unions , political parties , etc ) . 
  and i believe that if there is no decent support base for a proposal , it should not be allowed to be implemented , especially not if it has only a slim majority of , say , 50.5 % like has happened in the dutch parliament a lot recently , as well as numerous swiss referenda . 
  if anything representative democracy is worse because it allows people who do n't go outside to join the debate to vote on a name and a face instead of an issue . 
  those who are incapable or unwilling to participate do n't have to . 
  anarchists do n't advocate for what is commonly perceived as `` anarchy '' , they advocate for grassroots democracy governed by an organisation like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederaci\u00f3n_nacional_del_trabajo#structure ) . 
  i 'm kidding , but it seemed like you thought austrian was a language on its own . 
  i 'm not even sure if it qualifies as a dialect . 
   inb4 `` but real communism has never been tried '' oh , [ it has ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_territory ) , reasonably successfully , though they were ironically invaded by the bolsheviks for reaching communism too soon . 
  any terrible thing about communism the previous commenter referred to is shared by nazism . 
  and when i look at the people advocating for communism , and those for nazism , both in real life and on the internet , it 's obvious to me which group is worse . 
  one acts like edgy teens and video game stereotypes , the other one spews hatred towards minorities . 
   communism only brings death and destruction `` i hate liberty because so many people died in wars for freedom '' is essentially the line of argument you 're using against communism .
