  the beats are very similar . 
  otherwise the songs are pretty different . 
  graham norton was awesome , i watched eurovision on bbc instead of nl1 for that reason . 
  true , obviously nobody won the war all on their own . 
  i do n't think the ussr would 've won ( or at least , not as fast as they did ) if it was n't for the western allies opening a second front . 
  though it 's debatable how effective the allied campaign in western europe would 've been if it was n't for germany being in a two-front war . 
  yup , butthurt . 
  usually when the us is brought up it 's by americans who need to make it all about themselves . 
  [ this video 's explanation of alienation is alright ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsqgcy_iicc ) . 
  people in a specialised economy tend to see less value and usefulness in their work as they do n't see and use the actual result , and merely produce for a wage . 
  yet it 's basically the definition of totalitarianism ; the state trying to control the every day life of everyone as much as possible . 
  the ussr in the post-stalin days did n't actively attempt to do anything like that ; it simply does not pass as totalitarian . 
   why do you defend things like attempting to destroy the nations of estonians , latvians , lithuanians , etc. . . 
  if you ca n't differentiate between destroying a culture and a literal holocaust then that 's your fault . 
  you keep jumping at my throat to yell `` why do you defend x ? '' . 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't defend the ussr 's attitude towards their eastern european satellite states . 
  i do n't defend the way they handled ethnic minorities . 
  i do n't defend their undemocratic system of government . 
  you know what i defend ? 
  not lying about history to suit your own bias . 
  it 's painfully ironic how people who accuse leftists of historical revisionism have to exaggerate incidents or inflate numbers to make their argument . 
  the ussr was shit enough on its own , no need to pretend it was worse than nazi germany while you 're at it . 
  i think you do n't understand my comment at all if that 's your first reaction . 
  the ussr was bad , but that does n't make lies about its history warranted , and if you genuinely think the late ussr tried to control every single second of the personal life of every single person living in it and actively exterminate entire ethnicities you 've been reading a lot of biased historical lies as well . 
  the knife cuts both ways . 
  anti-ussr history is n't necessarily correct and the country was n't the literal embodiment of hell . 
  it 's not . 
  left-wingers will often `` defend '' the ussr , or rather , say it was n't the giant literally worse than hitler concentration camp full of death and starvation and constant genocide of itself that some people pretend it was . 
  `` defending '' the ussr in that way instantly makes you a shill for putin in the eyes of a lot of people because some people ca n't imagine there being another side to the argument . 
  true , though said framing does n't necessarily have to be done by the original messenger ; the title of this post , and most of the comments replying to it , seem to directly attribute the rise in exports to russia 's embargo , or at least suggest a direct link . 
  two reasons i can think of : 1 . 
  quantitive easing by the ecb has lowered the value of the euro , thus making european products cheaper and more popular . 
  low oil prices made importing european products cheaper as transportation costs have become lower . 
  attributing this to russia 's embargo seems dubious ; it 's probably a correlation which is framed as a victory for europe for `` pr '' reasons . 
  not really but there 's usually a link between the general leftiness of the government and its policies and the leftiness of the population . 
  if democrat-like social liberalism is the furthest to the left your parliament gets , strong social safety nets and social democratic policies are n't very likely to be implemented . 
  wait , does the czech republic still have strong social democratic policies ? 
  i always imagined former eastern bloc nations got rid of them after the fall of the iron curtain , seeing as all these nations seem very light on far left voters ( aside from east germany perhaps ) . 
  if you make german an official language again you 're in . 
  the referendum should 've been whether greece should stay in the eurozone at all cost , as it would have either justified this action or gave him the mandate for grexit . 
  now it just looks like syriza is weak and other leftists should n't get funny ideas . 
  without one the euro really is unstable and probably unsustainable . 
  we 'll have a crisis like this every one or two decades without one . 
   belgium should be orange [ i agree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_netherlands ), 
  the narration is awful on npo though , i can barely understand a word they 're saying . 
  not really , pretty much all greek government spending has to be approved by the creditors . 
  like der spiegel is already doing ? 
  fun drinking game : take a shot whenever someone says that communism means `` everyone earns the same '' and capitalism means `` everyone gets what they deserve '' . 
  you 'll be dead in a few hours . 
   which is the huge problem with referendums and the reason we have a parliament considering the number of decisions taken by politicians against the advice of reason , public opinion and better advice , i do n't really know for sure if this statement is really accurate in practice . 
  `` do n't worry bro i tried this in eu4 and it went fine . '', 
  i think he 's responding to the typical `` ugh why complain about women 's issues in europe , it 's much worse in saudi arabia '' which is often used as a way to get first world feminists to stop talking about issues closer to home . 
  if you remove a post that was doing well , or make a modpost reminding people of a certain rule , there will be people who are upset by that rule , and those people will come out in droves to debate you and downvote you if they disagree with you . 
  even such basic things as the need for moderation in general will cause fights in which random bystanders pick sides based on whoever sounds the most convincing . 
  it should be said that it 's not the total vote count itself ( i rarely get very much in the negative ) but more all the little red daggers combined with the complaints , usually aimed at the person doing the moderating instead of the rules they enforce . 
  seeing all your comments tagged as controversial , combined with `` i think waz_met_jou should leave the mod team , he 's incapable etc. '', 
  really makes you feel like shit and takes the fun out of the job . 
  usually it was only one or two people who got annoyed but sometimes people got collectively offended . 
  some people take a removed post incredibly personal and think i 'm somehow abusing my modpowers by ... doing exactly what a moderator is supposed to do , enforcing rules . 
  i did it on / r/space 90 % of fhe time at first but the endless downvotes , insults and occasional threats of violence became tiring after a few months . 
  eh , that works with smaller subreddits , but it has been tried on larger ones and it inevitably results in giant storms of flak , hatemail and threats , and makes the modmail impossible to keep up with . 
  it 's a nice idea but completely impractical at a large scale . 
  you should buy greek government bonds . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  lenin was bad because he killed people , period . 
  killing people is only justified if you side with * me * ideologically . 
  i swear it 's almost as if people do n't realize the tsar was a brutal dictator and russia was a feudal shithole , and just shit on lenin for doing the same thing done by countless ( often liberal ) revolutionaries in the past because people think communism automatically makes you bad . 
  eh , the title said nothing about what countries you can pick from . 
  you 're probably right . 
  the morons have a monarch who can veto referendums , including referendums on whether he should have veto rights or not . 
  he even has veto powers on referendums about whether he should even be there or not . 
  i hate them for that . 
  a voterbase is often poorly informed for little fault of their own . 
  having elections that actually seem to matter to people sounds like it could help . 
  turnout in the netherlands , while still high , has been dropping over the past few years because we always end up with a centre-right liberal alliance and everyone seems to be somewhat okay with that . 
  problem here is that the current governing party , the neoliberal vvd ( which far outweighs their coalition partner 's power in practice ) is n't a fan of wealth distribution , or `` jealousy '' as they call it . 
  and the vvd overwhelmingly gets its support in the randstad provinces . 
  in the case of the uk , you might end up with a situation similar to the ussr , where the most powerful federal republic ends up completely dominating the smaller ones . 
  england has five-sixth of the population of the entire uk and it 's likely the same would happen there . 
   unlike the dutch , i 'd expect the brits to understand why federal states exists . 
  i wish we were one honestly . 
  the gap between the randstad provinces ( the hollands and utrecht ) and the rest of the country is growing and a lot of people in the northeast especially feel betrayed or left out by the national government . 
  if either more power went to local governments , or the smaller provinces were better represented in the states-general , i feel like general happiness with our government would be much better . 
  because the governments they were fighting against were all cuddly and friendly and never did any harm . 
  franco was just trying to help them . 
  never mind that countless people died in liberal revolutions yet nobody ever blames liberalism for that . 
  anarchism is an ideology based on identifying unnecessary hierarchies in society and abolishing them . 
  it 's based on well over a century of theoretical thought and real life trial and error , sometimes on national scale . 
  something tells me you do n't know an awful lot about the traditional anarchist movement if you consider it `` an insult to people 's intelligence . '', 
  people like you calling yourselves anarchists is just a disgraceful insult to everything the anarchist movement has ever stood for . 
  france did better than you , does it hurt ? 
  i suppose that 's a more honest way of putting it . 
  government is owned by whoever owns the media . 
  switzerland only had full universal suffrage after 1990 . 
  i can hardly say i 'm surprised . 
  the bad part about direct majority democracy is that a person 's gut feeling has equal power to a well thought our stance , and it leads to some really slow progress sometimes . 
  merkel and her party have given gays almost the same rights as straight couples , they just ca n't call it marriage to keep the conservative voterbase happy . 
  well that 's obviously what i intended . 
  though the trimmed down version of the book i have is n't that bad .
