  i believe it was basically the same , except that for elections to the council of the union all candidates had to be cpsu approved and they used fptp with single member districts . 
  imagine the us election system with one party . 
  basically that . 
  i read an interview with stalin in which he said he wanted the elections go further but the party would n't let him , and that the elections were essential to the country being `` socialist '' as opposed to state capitalist . 
  i would n't be surprised if that was just nice propaganda talk though . 
  edit : [ found the interview if anyone is interested ] ( https://www.marxists.org/reference/archive/stalin/works/1936/03/01.htm ) . 
  it is . 
  truly free trade is without any restrictions whatsoever , and those pesky european laws are a violation of that principle . 
  how can trade be free if american companies ca n't sell cancer causing medication here , but they can in the us ? 
  obviously that 's a government imposed restriction against us companies . 
  just because `` free '' is in the name does not mean it 's necessarily a good thing . 
  i do n't think you fully understand the implications of the term `` free trade '' . 
  it 's a buzzword supposed to sound nice and hide what completely `` free '' trade comes bundled with . 
  whenever i read youtube comments about `` the communist elite '' i just want to throw a copy of capital at people . 
   down to average persons this inheritance tax is only on property worth over 2 million francs . 
  really , nobody who is n't already pretty fucking rich will have to pay for this . 
  nah , i made that one a while ago for [ / r/vexillology ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/33lgvy/flag_of_the_holy_european_empire/ ) . 
  the double headed eagle was from that thread , [ the other flags were made by other people in this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/2titoe/flag_of_the_eussr_a_common_trope_among_hard/cnziyn4 ) . 
  the prussian one sounds like a neat idea though , i may make one after i finished ` studying ' for my finals . 
  edit : as an extra , [ the flag of the imperial germano-dutch navy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ey7gw1d.jpg ), 
  dude , [ yours looks like it could be the flag of the fourth reich ] ( http://i.imgur.com/exeidcx.png ) . 
  not saying it is , of course ... 
  it 's close to the equator , and on top of that there 's ocean both to the east and north of the launch site , meaning that a rocket going into any common orbit will crash after burn-out in the ocean instead of on top of populated land . 
  in my opinion , replacing the commission with a cabinet of ministers directly elected by the parliament , giving the parliament the power to introduce legislation , and reducing the official powers of the council ( or replace it with a body similar to the us senate ) and european council would be a good start . 
  if a democratically elected body becomes the de-facto leadership of the union instead of the shadow-ish councils accountability and trust in the eu would increase significantly . 
  ... what the fuck ? 
  i 'm honestly wondering how the hell a large majority of people could reject a system that 's better in every single way except for `` simplicity '' . 
  there 's literally no negative side to av that fptp does n't share and it 'd be a huge improvement . 
  acta could have passed . 
   here in the netherlands , it sometimes takes more than a month to find a workable agreement honestly i wish we had more localized elections ( stv , irv , district based party-list pr ) to make coalitions easier to form . 
  i know it might sound undemocratic to boost larger and/or local parties this way , but these coalition agreements are usually awkward compromises mostly consisting of bartering . 
  it often makes voters feel betrayed . 
  example : labour promised not to cut the durations of the ww ( unemployment insurance ) , loads of people voted for them for that specific reason , they got in government and ditched it because the liberals wanted it . 
  everyone lost their trust in labour and now the dutch left is a huge scattered mess . 
  if the compromises at least resembled party manifestos instead of being a weird blend of two or thee or four completely different ones , that 'd be great , and i think it would do a lot to improve trust in politics . 
   the second pillar focuses on ensuring that the market is set up to encourage digital innovation and growth , which the ec hopes to do with an overhaul of european telecoms roles , ** a crackdown on illegal content ** and a review of the e-privacy directive to reinforce trust and security in digital services . 
  here 's praying the commissioners do n't take the gema approach . 
  no , [ break the glass ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7smai7j.jpg ) and go forwards comrade !, 
  gee you just made yourself lose all credibility as a reasonable person . 
  i think this basically rules out isds then , as the dutch parliament has already voted against it and centre-left parties ( generally opposed to isds ) have majorities in other eu nations ' parliaments as well . 
  there is democratic feedback to eu membership . 
  eurosceptic parties exist and countries are free to leave the union at any time . 
  however , supporters of the eu are a plurality or majority in almost every eu nation and the eu as a whole . 
  in an interview with dutch tv the commissioner responsible for ttip claimed it ` depends on how the treaty looks when it 's finished ' but it 's possible it wo n't have to pass national parliaments , just the eu legislature ( council and parliament ) . 
  only barely . 
  in a socialist system means of production and natural resources are owned by the workers and the labour surpluses are distributed by the people who produce them ( as opposed to a boss or in some cases government ) . 
  the difference between the us and eu in these respects is hardly significant save for a few exceptions . 
  the dutch side . 
  only if we get to keep the orange jerseys . 
  germany . 
  all 26 meps representing the netherlands are ` our ' meps . 
  every dutch political party is also member of some group in the eu parliament , which are the names given here . 
  it should n't take two minutes to google what groups the dutch parties belong to . 
  nobody cares about dst . 
  the switching is the terrible part . 
  supposedly it would create a lot of jobs and economic growth . 
  i ca n't view it , is it not visible for anyone else ? 
  most dutch people would argue that the labour party lost its hardcore left-wing identity and betrayed their voters by forming a coalition with the con-lib vvd after running a campaign where they presented themselves as a left-wing alternative to the vvd . 
  they were punished by losing hard in the senate elections , going from second to sixth largest party and going from 14 to 8 seats , being overtaken by the socialist party as largest on the left ( though still largest in the house ) . 
  however , this is a very good sign , as before it seemed like they would support it . 
  i hope labour will make a swing to the left again as most of their voters hoped they had done in 2012 . 
  this follows after a motion passed the dutch house of representatives which , while not calling it by name , rejected isds on basis of breaking with our democratic and judiciary systems . 
  the dutch labour party only has three seats in the ep , but this is also indicative of the trend within the social democrats in the ep of rejecting isds and ttip . 
  de sociaal-democraten zijn cruciaal om het verdrag erdoor te krijgen  timmermans is supposed to get the european social democrats on board with ttip . 
  but there is a clear majority forming against ttip within the group . 
  the social democrats are critical for passing the treaty . 
   i did n't make up jack shit and you know it . 
  nah stormfront did the making up shit for you . 
   leftists , is there a point where we should say `` enough '' ? 
  you 're making it sound like ` leftists ' are shipping in immigrants to make the white race go extinct . 
  never mind that 0-6 year olds in a single city is a pretty small and skewed sample size for the entire population , and possibly quite a large share of those are from other eu countries , why are you so clingy to having a certain percentage of white people ? 
   what strawman ? 
  i have never talked to a leftist who genuinely believes that we should get as much immigrants as possible , nor have i ever seen one outside of personal anecdotes on right wing subreddits . 
  you 're arguing against a figure you mostly made up , or an extremely small minority , just to get riled up about something . 
  [ sort of relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re3j_rhkqjc ) . 
  wow that 's the most ridiculous strawman i 've ever read . 
  it also seems like it answers a question i had for a while ; why the british parliament has multiple `` third '' parties , while the us congress has only 2 independents out of 535 total seats . 
  having so much money involved in politics seems like it would push out the small guys regardless of the electoral system used . 
  i agree with this , but that does n't mean we should n't downvote unhelpful replies . 
  i did not downvote him and left a lengthy reply explaining why i disagree with him , but he also provides no explanation for his arguments and just says `` this is my solution '' . 
  this particular comment is not particularly valuable by reddit 's rules and the downvoting is therefore justified . 
   what is your reasoning for this ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  a few key criticisms of anarcho-capitalism of mine : 1 . 
  it puts the big companies in favor of the small ones . 
  sure , no government makes it easier for small companies to enter , but even then , small companies need a way to have an advantage over big ones . 
  sadly the opposite seems true . 
  for example , if health insurance providers can easily block people from entering for really small preexisting conditions , getting your insurance from your employer seems like a better option . 
  however , small companies , in order to compete , need to significantly undercut larger companies ' prices , and thus they do n't have the margins to buy health insurance for their workers , meaning more people will want to work for larger companies , forcing the small ones to raise wages just to get people to work for them . 
  this is just one example , but overall the larger revenue of large companies put them at a big advantage over smaller ones . 
  the government label of `` corporation '' does n't matter . 
  those with large amounts of wealth will have the means to set up private militias for protection . 
  they also have the means to set up large fear-inducing propaganda campaigns ; it 's possible for them to fill an entire community with fear , making them sign up with one of these private ` security companies ' . 
  when the majority of a community is under contract by one of these companies , it 's possible for them to clear out dissidents ( as the media would be under private control , it would be easy to spread misinformation ) and establish state-level control over the community . 
  essentially you 'd provide wealthy individuals with a way to set up their own states , just `` voluntary '' ones . 
  the establishment of these states is in the interest of the upper class , as it provides them with a way to externalize costs onto others and prevent competition . 
  anarcho-capitalists assume that all exchange between boss and worker or seller and buyer is completely voluntary , which is a terrible assumption . 
  workers do n't have much of a choice when they get to pick between working a shite job for $ 4 an hour or starving , and sellers can easily get away with selling shite products for insane prices by using deceptive advertising . 
  as i pointed out in point 2 , having some people with a lot of wealth lays the foundation of establishing new `` mini states '' somewhat similar to the feudal lands in medieval europe , and capitalism provides them with an incentive to do so . 
  significant differences in wealth therefore are bound to result in something resembling an authoritarian state sooner or later , and capitalism , with its privately owned means of production with the boss taking the worker 's surplus , provides elites with a way of achieving this .
