  it 's a valid thing to say . 
  it can if you control each country more tightly . 
  but not in the current model . 
  also increasing centralized authority presents a whole different slew of problems which are even less politically viable at this time . 
  certain people in greece do n't want a bailout on the presented terms . 
  if you bail them out , you 're bailing out a specific group of bankers . 
  not the country . 
  the cycle will continue because the expectation of the people for a high quality of life does not match their economy . 
  it 's like throwing more money in a blast furnace . 
  thanks cameron , that 's a relief . 
  because the people who engage in censorship do not stand for what europe stands for , they do not stand for me or the rest of my people . 
  we stand for truth , reason and freedom of thought . 
  pray tell , what was the age of enlightenment all about ? 
  too late . 
  20 years too late . 
  tell ve ass problem he saw you , you nabiem matrix in duparata and , fir fir chicken !, 
  come again !, 
  ( kek ) [ this monumental work of art presented without comment . 
  ] ( http://vbox7.com/play:581533de ), 
  i think the implication was the islamic faith 's various branches has more fundamentalists and radicalized followers compared to other religions in total , right now . 
  which is something i believe to be true . 
  just go for it . 
  talk to the moderator in your native language . 
  lets see how long it takes him to realise just what in the hell the parable of babbel meant . 
  the problem is you are n't kneeling down and surrendering . 
  i 'm happy i do n't have to learn this stuff as an adult . 
  it 's a nightmare . 
  i 'm sorry , but that is exactly what we see from the outside . 
  do you disagree with the premise ? 
   white people do n't demand the subjugation of every non-white race . 
  `` white '' is n't a religion with scripture . 
  not yet anyway . 
  nice try . 
  frankly i 'd rather not have fundamentalist islam nor fundamentalist christianity in my part of the world . 
  turning a blind eye to the problems of religion does not help that . 
  if a voice proudly proclaims truth to an empty forest . 
  is it still speech ? 
  yes it has . 
  it implies the rest of the world does not engage in vassalage . 
  as a citizen in a vassal state to the us/un i can tell you that you 're severely mistaken . 
  hell , look at japan . 
  it is a protectorate/vassal to the us . 
  quite literally their constitution is written by a foreign power and they can not have standing non-defensive military . 
  the only thing you can do is hold the moderators to their own standards and expose duplicity where it occurs . 
   a few french words was not the cause and you know it . 
   how did said people get in a position to claim that they represent the people of europe ? 
  by being disingenuous about their ultimate motives . 
  your linking instances of ongoing censorship does not help your case . 
  you are not in a position to cry about `` appeals to censorship '' and banned thoughts . 
  not in this thread . 
  i dare you to tell me you do n't think there are ideas or thoughts that should be repressed and the people holding them be `` no-platformed '' out of society and power . 
  oh no , my crimethink has been exposed . 
  quickly , cut my tongue off . 
  it was said exactly as intended . 
  thanks for the downvote . 
  maybe i should embrace `` diversity '' , what is that coded speech for ? 
  yes , also if christianity and judaism were n't used as the state 's enforcers of timidity and did n't have to coexist with bigger power structures they would not be as tame as they are today . 
  except you can . 
  we can trace the creation of islam to a specific person . 
  that religion has a provision that no interpretation is allowed and instead a strict following is the only true way . 
  in cases of self contradiction the following passages are more important than the preceding ones . 
  if you try to wiggle your way out of an edict you are quite literally committing an apostasy . 
  if you do n't lose your job on the spot , i will eat my fucking shoe . 
  thing is you do n't even have to go full 1488 . 
  just need to have the audacity to criticize unrestrained immigration or even hint at the idea of pride in one 's own nation or a desire to preserve your own lineage . 
  proxy wars do n't real . 
  encoding error in the video . 
  you can see the shadow drag across his face until the next full frame comes . 
  different kind of state mate . 
  [ http://foreignpolicy.com/2013/08/20/mapped-the-7-governments-the-u-s-has-overthrown/] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2013/08/20/mapped-the-7-governments-the-u-s-has-overthrown/ ) obama himself does n't go around doing the job of his underlings . 
  plus i do n't really care which party controls the us , the end result , foreign policy is the same . 
  we probably should be talking a lot more about those things . 
  we should also hold all countries to the same standard . 
  for instance multiethnicism/multiculturalism in israel could do with some help . 
  no , but you would be intellectually dishonest if you ignore that us 's economic and moral politics are ascendant in the world right now . 
  sadly , i am completely serious . 
  that hyper-permisive liberals would allow a competing religious power structure to go unfettered in their domain is the damned problem . 
  yes , you can leave christianity and join isis . 
  you can even pretend to have repented from your militant ways and return to sweden , and you will be welcomed with open arms instead of put in a jail cell to rot your life away for being an apostate . 
  the other side will murder you on the spot . 
  gee lets close our eyes and look away as they gather more steam . 
  infact , lets import as much immigrants without any checks or balances on their political or moral stances , even if they violate everything we stand for . 
  i 'm sure they will respect the selfless kindness we have extended towards them . 
  they will say the same about you . 
  trying to follow every rule to the letter in a convoluted mess that is the holly scripture of any abrahamic religion is always going to be a mess . 
  not holding religion accountable is not going to stop religious extremism . 
  \\  implying the us does n't do the same \\  implying the us does n't remove state heads unfavorable to their geopolitics and does n't replace them with puppets . 
  \\  implying implications, 
  mods can shadowban you in a different way , by having the css of the subreddit hide your posts . 
  it seems / u/vittusaatana is an idiot . 
   who decides that a person is a ` real ' muslim ? 
  if you call yourself a muslim , then you are a muslim . 
  and therein lies the problem of hyper-permissive liberal worldview . 
  you can become x simply by claiming to be x. 
   racists/bigots seem to always think they 're being persecuted . 
  do an experiment . 
  tell everyone you 're a racist with your name attached . 
  see what happens . 
  hey look everyone , baby figured out why democracy is always shit . 
  newsflash : that same thing happens irl .
