i remember one piece by dw , where they went to some random gypsy ghetto and filmed the local dindlets running around without clothes and `` freezing '' due to the russian cutoff of gas . 
  maintaining throughout the newspiece that this was a perfect example of poor bulgarians suffering from gazprom 's machinations . 
  can confirm , that 's how i feel every day . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  there is no stopping us if we unify . 
  `` right-extremism '' as opposed to `` left-extremism '' ? 
  jesus was also a jew . 
  maybe the archbishop of canterbury should ship these people on his own dime to israel . 
  i 'm sure they have lots of room and money . 
  israel is an ethnic state . 
  something the gentiles do n't deserve . 
  lets just start a balkan imperium . 
  of course they do . 
  hmm , probably true . 
   all of those who are today in the balkans will reach germany one way or another . 
  we should accept this and focus on the outer eu borders fuck no . 
  people do n't get to fuck around like they own the place . 
  take their fingerprints and track them in a database . 
  load em up and deport them . 
  if they throw their passports away , congratulations they 've just earned themselves a trip to an internment camp . 
  where they will be detained until they declare a country of origin outside the eu , to which they 'll be deported . 
  if they pull this shit twice , start numbering them physically . 
  i do n't give a fuck anymore . 
  i know those feels . 
  as a gay atheist i feel pretty islamophobic right now . 
  a justified rational fear too . 
  this is disgusting . 
  how do you cave ? 
  it 's your job to control the damned country . 
  use force , use violence . 
  command them to stand down . 
  use tear gas , use bullets . 
  cordon them off and escort them off to a detention facility . 
  this is inconceivable . 
  you ca n't deny , there is a certain slavic way of doing things . 
  while the `` brotherhood '' narrative was a little bit ramped up , it was n't entirely baseless . 
  if nk govt fell ( which china will not allow ) it will be re-established the next day by force by china . 
  if nk govt fell ( which china will not allow ) it will be re-established the next day by force by china . 
  why are n't we in first place ? 
  better us , once our non-muslium gypsies get their hands on the economic migrants they 'll do far worse than just beat them up . 
  no , just the generals and those who matter . 
  frankly `` war crimes '' is a pathetic notion . 
  in war there is no honor or valor . 
  human life is worth nothing to us even today . 
  a simple look at our actions in the middle east will disabuse you of any notions of human decency . 
  sweeping the views of politically unpalatable people under the rug does not make them go away . 
  social repression only breeds resentment and further radicalization . 
  by shutting them up on major platforms , they turn towards eachother and places where you ca n't control their speech . 
  this is something the left has not learned and will only suffer for it . 
  `` war criminal '' . 
  aka you lost , so lets slap a label on you . 
  there are a lot of `` war criminals '' currently in office in western countries . 
  on the contrary . 
  it must be aired . 
  these people need to feel the pressure . 
  it 's patently obvious there is no internal will to do the right thing otherwise . 
  stormfronty ? 
  the truth is racist or something ? 
  in a move that will surprise absolutely nobody . 
  nato is a us/german vessel anyway . 
  when the us says jump , you do n't ask any questions . 
  the countries in nato will do america 's bidding . 
  the heads of state are spineless sellouts . 
  i hear summer worker camps free one 's spirit from the hardship of life . 
  ca n't barrage the farage . 
  brics is not a secret . 
   one thing i do n't quite get is why there 's not of control on immigration that seems to be the continuous issue for most eu-sceptic parties ? 
  do you really need the answer to this question spelled out to you ? 
  top kek , as they say . 
  there can be an overlap . 
  no necessary connections either way . 
  you will find that a good number of them will have a good understanding of imageboards . 
  grownups are n't even human . 
  you say this as if they all comprehend what 's happening . 
  never underestimate the urge to conform socially , also there really are people who believe this stuff . 
  their , ideas about what a sexy body should be can be informed in part by nurture . 
  tl ; dr exposure to disney during puberty . 
  i 've talked to people like that , at least for some it 's not something they just woke up one day and decided to be . 
  also , otherkin are a completely different thing . 
   bulgaria tier demographics :( i had a sad . 
  i have spent far too long on the internet . 
  i am also pretty honest about everything :p, 
  i 'm not one to throw stones , i live in a particularly glassy castle you see . 
  as long as they are n't hurting anyone , i 'm not particularly bothered . 
  they hang around in mascot suits and produce and consume niche porn . 
  that 's about it . 
  i could have told you that a long time ago . 
  `` german porn '' has a name for itself . 
  that guy would be better described as otherkin . 
  while there are cases where otherkin and furries overlap . 
  furies generally do not believe that they are the spirit of an animal trapped in a human body . 
  in that way , they are more grounded in reality . 
  yes . 
  for some it 's an identity thing . 
  for some it 's a sexual fetish . 
  for some it 's both . 
  reptilian entity.txt i can already imagine a conspiracy theory : isis is funded by the us to create a common enemy and distract the population from how hard they are being fucked . 
  i should charge for these . 
  i am a libertarian eastern european . 
  now i am become dearth , the destroyer of empires .
