aubry can rally the left , and could win against le pen and/or sarkozy imho, 
  my bet is currently on aubry winning the primaries, 
  well shit . 
  1 \u00b0 ) yes . 
  2 \u00b0 ) you underestimate his standing among ump voters . 
  the party ( and really , the whole right ) is his for the taking . 
  he was ` away ' while the right went back to hardcore social conservatism ( manif pour tous ... ) , and now can ( and did ) say that he wo n't undo what the current gvt passed regarding gay marriage . 
  more generally , he will come back with an apparent `` centrism '' and pragmatism that will blow his opponents inside the party away . 
  the less right-wing member of his party ( and the udi ) will naturally come back to him anyway . 
  ` of muslim origin ' is the most common way of addressing this i 've seen in the press . 
  pretty depressing . 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  the ` respectability ' of a brand like the dm or fox or whatev gives legitimacy to the message , as the readers implicitly trust their source, 
  projects is another way to call massive public housing ... well , projects . 
  most of them in france are located in far-away suburbs to most big cities , and are hugely influenced by 1960 's and 1970 's public housing policies and post-le corbusier knockoffs . 
  the difference in population would mean that , with a similar crime rate and social disparities , the `` at risk '' population would be much higher in france . 
  group that with our former public housing policy ( it has gotten much better since then ) and you 'll get our current situation . 
  please also note that paris is a particularly small city for its importance , and that it 's better to take into account the whole \u00cele-de-france ( 11 million people ) , which is a bit more populated than czechia as a whole . 
  most of the projects ( the `` cit\u00e9s '' as we call them ) are in the larger \u00cele-de-france area . 
  migrants from our former colonies are [ not only from muslim countries ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8d/empirefrench.png/500px-empirefrench.png ) !, 
  i 'm not sure you know enough about the country to comment on this ... 
  sure , it has nothing to do with the socio-economic divide between the projects . 
  nor the fact that those projects bred violence before their population was majoritarily ( errr ... sp ? ), 
  muslim . 
  nor the fact that czechia has a population roughly 8 times smaller than france , with no colonial past and massive `` import '' of ex-colonies natives in order to rebuild the country . 
  it 's their religion . 
  obviously . 
  it is !, 
  i 'm still mostly convinced there is a lot of brigading ( and that populist conservative media and 24/7 news channel have had a terrible influence on the european political conversation ) , but i 'll agree that there is cause for some concern . 
  nevertheless , or rather due to this , i think presenting a counterpoint to this kind of comment absolutely essential . 
  on the other hand , the network has all the tools to dispel this kind of populism . 
  one can only hope ( and present a more civilised discourse ) . 
  sure , cause [ portugal has absolutely no immigration from former colonies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_portugal )  since the 1990s , along with a boom in construction , several new waves of ukrainian , brazilian , people from the former portuguese colonies in africa and other africans have settled in the country . 
  not really , although i can not in good conscience give this kind of rethoric free reign in the sub . 
  i can only exhort others to comment and not let / r/europe drown in xenophobic comments . 
  you do realise that this is not a matter of immigration ? 
  burned cars and other violence from suburbian projects are more of a social ( class ? ), 
  conflict-based violence . 
  people from all origins are involved in those . 
   one cop got bitten by a police dog :d, 
  maybe not refined , but his extrapolations of practices and social behaviours is smarter than it seems , even in his ya novels . 
  he 's my go-to recommendation for anticipation/tech-oriented novels to people new to this . 
  i meant recommandation for gibson 's bibliography !, 
  i 've read stepheson , and i 'm a big fan ( i 've read snowcrash something like 5 times ) . 
  since we 're talking about other authors , i think cory doctorow has the sensibility to the social and technological * zeitgeist * that characterizes gibson and is a perfect heir to him . 
  so far so good !, 
  i did n't know that several of his books featured blue ant . 
  to be honest , i picked this one and history zero at my local library and started with this one because it was the oldest . 
  my plans were to read this one , history zero , then go back to the neuromancer ( i 'm addicted to cyberpunk and still have n't read it :[ ) and then ... we 'll see . 
  if you have a reading order to recommend , i 'm listening !, 
  i. . . what ? 
  is that an appeal to assault refugees ? 
  currently reading william gibson 's * pattern recognition * . 
  pretty impressive . 
  i need to catch up on his other books . 
  have n't seen youth , but his previous movie was pure and absolute genius . 
  i 'm still mad it did n't pick up the palme at cannes, 
  my favourite cocktail . 
  make it light on the dog saliva . 
  i 'd bet they just answered ' 5 ' to pretend to be different from the others . 
  probably not . 
  it is indeed older . 
  i remember a hardcore history podcast where it was mentioned . 
  ca n't find who said it , though, 
  quite a bit of parisians that could have been there ( mostly 20-35yo or so ) are more shocked thant they let on . 
  the mood at some gigs or cultural event is a bit tarnished by a lingering unease . 
  that does n't mean people do n't go out though . 
  more generally there is quite a bit of resolve to not let this terribly event change anything . 
  politically the dust has n't settled yet , but the way the state of emergency affects the cop21 and the coming protests concerns quite a lot of people . 
  military is n't the problem as much as intelligence . 
  that being said , i have n't read enough on the latest developments to comment . 
  my calling it whatever does n't make any less true , no ... any truer , either . 
  please source your claims or refrain to paint an entire country through some kind of clich\u00e9 prism . 
  protestant values would encourage them to help refugees . 
  also , germany has had a pretty long history of helping in humanitarian crisises . 
  but of course , that would n't matter because of ` nazi guilt ' . 
  please . 
  this is armchair psychology or , as we say in french `` bar/counter psychology '' . 
  thanks . 
  i can not watch videos right now but i 'll be sure to check it out . 
  the problem with the balance between internal disagreement and external action is that `` flip-flopping '' is an easy attack , and character attacks such as these can really hurt a carreer . 
  i can not help but to think of john boehner 's situation these days : it seems conciliation and negociation are less and less appreciated by ( some ) voters . 
  i do n't think this bodes very well , but there is no sign that this is here to last . 
  it 's a great overview , thanks !, 
  your description of left-wing self-obsolescence is particularly interesting . 
  in france quite a few left-wing parties are also in a crisis because they can not agree on new causes and fights that would carry them . 
  on an intellectual level , i find it actually healthier to have diverging viewpoints in the same party , but politically it clearly is a handicap . 
  thanks !, 
  i must admit i do n't know much about the german political landscape . 
  if you 'll forgive me for asking such a broad question , but was the left ever strong following the reunification ? 
  i would expect their position to be precarious due to the history of the country . 
  wait , persia survived until the xixth century ? 
  was n't that under ottoman dominion ? 
  what is controversial about him ? 
  i was specifically answering to your request about mlp 's racism , not the vichy state . 
  nice deflection , though . 
  de gaulle left some famous collaborators and traitors in power . 
  underprefect ( ? ), 
  [ maurice papon ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/maurice_papon ) , responsible for deporting more that 1500 jews , handled algeria under tixier , then became prefet ( corsica , then constantine , moroco and back to algeria ) , and ended up * personally vetted * by de gaulle as treasurer for the udr party , and budget minister under giscard d'estaing . 
  you need to understand that marine was n't politically raised in a vacuum .
