  discrimination does n't just happen . 
  it has to be `` earned '' , just like good ethnic reputation can be earned . 
  back in 70 's finns working in sweden ( there was a massive emigration there at the time ) were regarded as strange brutes , but did n't take long that we were considered equals . 
  if we had behaved like somalis and gypsies , ie . 
  not giving a fuck about common rules , we 'd be considered scum . 
  should n't be surprising if you have a bit of common sense . 
  do you happen to remember * why * breivik did what he did ? 
  he wanted to prevent this kind of shit from happening by killing them who in the future would most likely promote multiculturalism and increase immigration the strongest . 
  although unforgivable crime against humanity , there was nothing wrong with his logic . 
  fuck , for one second i thought i 'm reading neo-nazi propaganda against jews , but it was just a moderate muslim . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  kurds are extremely nationalistic and like i said , they have major troubles integrating to host societies like gypsies . 
  they woke up to the whole `` agriculture & civilization building '' thingy 6000 years too late , and thus they have no homeland , and they have never had one either , because they were nomadic . 
  then came kurdish nationalism in 1900 's and started their curent troubles . 
  they threw the first stones ( wanting a homeland despite being scattered all across mid-east ) , and keep on throwing them . 
  previous link explained connection between kurd militants ( deemed terrorists in eu ) and the mannheim incident . 
  kurds were showing their support to terrorists !, 
  that was unexpected , but beating 80 police to hospital by mob of 2500 kurds was n't , if looking at their history : only a kurd is in eyes of kurds a brother , other ethnic groups in mid-east are apparently enemies , and now they expanded their late-nationalistic racism to include german officials . 
  you must have a better explanation , if everything i say is racist . 
  please , let 's see how you explain kurds first . 
  answer those 2 simple qustions . 
  you already said what you think : i 'm a racist gibberish talking ignorant bigot . 
  when you are so harsh and prejudiced , i doubt no explanation will change your viewpoint , because you are permamently stuck on * ad hominem * level baby blabber instead of proper discussion . 
  please , answer the questions i gave you instead , so we 'll see . 
  i 'll leave this here , anyways . 
  might intrest you . 
  why do n't scots want to be part of a happy multicultural great britain ? 
  why are people of north-ireland so anti-english despite wonders of multiculturalism bringing them everything nice ? 
  why wo n't people realize multiculturalism is a splendid idea and just shut up & suck it up if they do n't like it ? 
  they are such racists for wanting independence in the first place . 
  just suck it up , scots , you bloody racists !, 
  walking in berlin one just might think turks are almost majority in germany , hah . 
  how come they do n't get along with others in the middle-east , and care to explain why they started violence against police in germany immediately after kurd concentration in one area reached critical mass ? 
  you are apparently implying , that for some reason turks , persians , berbers , arabs * and * germans are magically intolerant of kurds . 
  now that 's * multi-racist gibberish * , then . 
  kurdish master race , others are inferior and so forth , yes ? 
  is that how you think ? 
   it 's funny how you 're ignoring the fact that turkey does n't even give them the right to use their own language . 
  there 's also the little bit about the kurd genocide , commited by saddam . 
  you think things like this happen simply because they suddenly felt like genociding someone ? 
  nope , it 's the long conflict history where anti-multiculturalistic kurds are more to blame than the other civilizations on the area . 
  kurdi is not a official language in turkey , and neither is turkish in germany despite germany having more turks by percentage of population than turkey has kurdis . 
  i do n't see a problem there . 
   host society ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  kurds have been living on the territory of today 's kurdistan since at least the 10th century ( that 's before the turks even came to anatolia ) host society is the one which currently happens to own the clay and is the majority . 
  kurds are a minority but sadly never have embraced the multiculturalistic ideals , but instead resorted to violence . 
   right-wing troll threads explain how i 'm right-wing and point out where i 'm trolling . 
  having a different opinion or worldview is not trolling by default , no matter how aggrevated you personally may get . 
  the means of production , science and human creativity wo n't vanish overnight even if money does . 
  some cultures lack the `` when in rome do as the romans do '' rule of the thumb guideline . 
   otherwise , you 'd know that they 're persecuted in arab , persian , and turkish lands . 
  pretty much for the same reason why gypsies are hated throughout europe : they do not want to integrate into the host society and have traditionally nomadic culture . 
  the main difference to gypsies is that kurds are much , * much * more violent , with pkk killing turkish civilians year after year and more moderates regularly engaging in constant in-fighting . 
   i say keep the kurds , get rid of the rest . 
  get rid of the germans in germany ? 
  is he responsible for eurozone problems ? 
  then why do you think that saying out loud an opinion that eurozone is collapsing is a `` self-fulfilling prophecy '' ie . 
  only deepens the problems ? 
  obviously if you think so , you must have a solution to such nasty opinions . 
  wan na bet things will look very different in eu after only two election cycles ? 
  things have already started to roll towards the historical repetition of 1930 's everywhere in the eurozone . 
  i * must * buy one tenth of a second of bailout time for greece , portugal & spain with my 20 $ . 
  spend it wisely , guys . 
  germany in recession + incredibly heavily debted due bailouting half of the continent ... is reich time now ? 
  do you suggest censorship helps ? 
   transparent attempt at making a self-fulfilling prophecy if everybody shuts up and pretends that nothing is wrong inside eurozone , the problems will go away ? 
  i read news & opinions of big issues on the entire spectrum from foxnews to china 's people 's daily , because i do n't have delusions of any media being unbiased nor having a total coverage single-handedly . 
  please explain what was so wrong in the rt interview that even i am `` scum '' . 
   expert on military weapons yes , we do have compulsory military service and coincidentally i do know how much 7,62 x39mm assault rifle penetrates steel . 
   is training martial arts a lot of people do . 
  you should n't be scared because we 're a friendly bunch . 
   his moral vision seems to be dumb , weird and racist you have a narrow and intolerant worldview , in addition you are insulting me . 
  apologize or please present how exactly i 'm dumb , weird and racist . 
  i reported you anyway for spewing bullshit . 
  could you please point out one message where i have trolled in r/europe . 
  w-what ? 
  can you please write the same in english ? 
   you suggest , that humans from different cultures eventually end up slaughter each other ( you did not say this literally , i know ) ... 
  i do n't like your attempt to blame all worlds conflicts on multiculturalism - i do n't like your attempt to map single conflicts to the situation of a country what the fuck ? 
  i do n't like you implying implications of implied wordings you implied i implied in my post to fit your implied implications , either . 
  besides that , i agree a holistic sociological view of the issue should be formed , but as such does not exist , the conclusions should be drawn from history . 
   in western countries , it 's voluntary . 
  what if the immigrants themselves refuse to partake in the voluntary multiculturalistic experiment ? 
  besides , i think that multiculturalistic approach is morally wrong . 
  while encouraging immigrants to keep their own culture , the side-effect is that the majority of population begins to shun the minorities for acting strange and this creates societal inequality . 
  immigrants are also people , and they should not be `` conserved '' like some animals in a zoo . 
  thus , assimilation is the morally correct option . 
  cantons in switzerland have extremely high autonomy , but as i have no deeper knowledge of swiss politics you may be right and the different ethnic groups have co-existed peacefully without any troubles for hundreds of years there . 
  too lazy to berger wikipedia , so let 's say you are right . 
  heatpoints are boud to happen at some point , just look at the history , regardless of wether or not minorities are treated equally or even better . 
  you counted those as misunderstandings and difficulties , i call it `` stepping on toes in crowded place '' . 
  end of jugoslavia and even end of habsburgs are a prime examples of when it gets too crowded and people with different moves no longer have room to dance in the same hall . 
  you also counted breivik as a separate entity from history , while in reality there has bee many breiviks . 
  he was a recent example . 
  final curiosity : why the downvote ? 
  breivik still did what he did because he perceived massive immigration and multiculturalism as a threat , delusional or not . 
  it was a smart political move to declare him sane nevertheless , because that way the others voicing concerns over the same subjects can not be simply labeled insane and ruled out of politics . 
  i 'm not expert on belgium situation , thus careful wording . 
  however , there has been talks about splitting a country making headlines over here , and that is in my opinion enough proof .
