  proper fact checking takes more than few minutes . 
  and \u00e9ven i who study cs do not take notes with laptop ( clumsy ) . 
  how brave seriously , if they ca n't live without twitter or qq for 5 minutes they should look in the mirror . 
  i 've had a `` few '' debates with guys at economics department of our university and i love those guys !, 
  they are hilarious !, 
  first they start by saying `` hyrr u dun know how economy works durr '' , and then i simply ask `` can you predict accurately all stock prices for tomorrow '' . 
  then those dipshits normally are like `` umm humm ... '' , pretending i 'm not there . 
  then i start getting mean on the poor idiot : `` well then you should n't think you know how economy works either with 7 milliard actors effecting everything and number of black swan incidents happening every day . '', 
  at this point they normally give up , but some persist by sticking to * trends analysis * . 
  then simply ask `` can you predict what kind of business is founded tomorrow in this city which becomes a international corporation in 2020 by looking at historical trends ? '', 
  answer is again no . 
  then i normally start accusing the stupid neoliberals of communism , as they think they understand economy and want to plan it for rest of us by cutting public sector funding without any certainty of what will happen if they do that . 
  trolling business school retards is my favourite past time . 
  how the fuck should i know ? 
  look , my flair says `` finland '' , you know that small island next to alaska . 
  you are incorrect . 
  75 % tax on * personal * income has no effect on * corporate * invest rates and having easy time getting rid of workers actually has a negative effect on employment and domestic consumption , which creates income inequality and lowers purchasing power to such extend that entire economy is jeopardized . 
  just look what happened to usa and britain after they succesfully demolished their strong labor unions . 
   racemix there is no race but human race . 
  you sound like some dangerous right-wing radical . 
  `` those stupid leftist tolerants should be killed '' is what you think , i know that . 
  all those people could be * working * to pay their debts instead of rebelling like angsty kids . 
  i think they should be kicked out of eu and pay their debts . 
  in that order . 
  do n't care about the rest . 
  you are racist . 
  immigrants should n't integrate , that is not multiculturalism . 
  their culture is precious and should be protected against the imperialistic white majority . 
  remember tibet , chinese are destroying their culture by integration . 
  that piece of news is generalising and thus incorrect and racist . 
  i 'm sure the greeks protesting were from entire societal spectrum . 
  this is yet another fear-mongering anti-multicultural news spin by media . 
  this time it will work , guys . 
  they said they wo n't take more monies from member countries nor print money , so it is magic money . 
  wizards never fail . 
  except ... oh g-d ... the article has word `` leverage '' multiple times . 
  hmm . 
  this whole debt crisis was started by financiers leveraging mortgages , which created a bubble , which fucked up everything after it blew up . 
  now ecb apparently wants to do the same , except with even more money . 
  the wizards have gone insane and the money is hoaxed yet again . 
  wo n't be long before zambia has stronger economy and more stable society than germany at this rate . 
  is not . 
  perhaps you need some education ? 
   i think me linking a while ago to that 4chan-like imgboard where you told people to upvote you and downvote all `` liberal redditfags '' explains pretty well of how you 've been trolling . 
  < citation needed  seriously , stop the fud just because you ca n't get your head around that some people indeed have different opinions . 
  that is not multiculturalism . 
  you should stop fear-mongering right wing propaganda . 
  point out where i 've been trolling . 
  you 've said it in every thread i 've made , but never been capable of explaining how i 've trolled when i asked . 
  guys ... 
  this should be downvoted for sake of [ consistency . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/10akjy/people_still_dont_care_about_politics_despite/ ), 
  they do n't want to live together in one land with brits . 
  that is anti-multicultural , and thus they are racist for not wanting to get along with rich cultures of different people . 
  if you suport them you are too a racist , humans could learn from each other so much but some want isolationism . 
  no , it did n't happen . 
  see your downvotes , you ignorant racist white supremacist in bad disguise , and fuck off back to stormfront . 
  now that 's pure ignorant racism right there . 
  you are generalising , which means you are incorrect . 
  they are french just like all other french . 
  it may be french culture ? 
  you are welcome to try . 
  in germany it is a tradition that whatever they do is correct , while rest of the world is incorrect . 
  talking some sense to german is like trying to educate trigonometry to a hamster . 
  germans are by definition of their culture arrogant racists . 
  so , this is not german racist propaganda because a german said so . 
  he is superiour human compared to you in his sick german gaymind . 
  go ahead , post something which strongly disagrees with multiculturalism in r/europe . 
  you are guaranteed to be called a nazi racist ignorant asshole . 
  i ca n't understand why they downvote me this time , when i 'm pointing out that clearly anti-multicultural scots are by r/europe standards racist nazi assholes . 
  are n't you the same guy who called me racist because i think assimilation is preferable to multiculturalism ? 
  all zizek is saying is that people have no alternative , which has led to dangerous depression-like passivity . 
  i 'm getting tired of redditors who ca n't read . 
  scots are such racists , not wanting to get along with the english gentlemen in the same country and so nationalistically claiming they are sooo much better human beings that they need a own country . 
  bollocks !, 
  the multiculturalism must prevail , so scots should never get independence , those racist nazis . 
  ** one country , many different people , perfect harmony , all equal ** . 
  those who do n't agree are nazis and racists . 
  piraten , true finns , fremskrifpartei , sverigedemokraterna ... none of them offers a alternative to the whole system . 
  only slight policy variations . 
  that is what zizek means . 
  there is nothing to get excited about , nothing to set hopes on . 
  it is * given * that the current way will simply continue regardless of who is voted . 
  not a democracy crisis , but a system crisis . 
  hey , do you have the peer-reviewed papers about youth riots ? 
  i 'm do n't really have adequate access to publications . 
  i tried searching in our university library database but could n't find any . 
  people do n't like it when somebody points a finger at them . 
  that article does . 
   cultural isolation can protect the uniqueness of the local culture of a nation or area and also contribute to global cultural diversity . 
  ... ranging from the advocacy of equal respect to the various cultures in a society , to a policy of promoting the maintenance of cultural diversity , ... second centers on diversity and cultural uniqueness . 
  cultural isolation can protect the uniqueness of the local culture of a nation or area and also contribute to global cultural diversity . 
  [ citation needed ] a common aspect of many policies following the second approach is that they avoid presenting any specific ethnic , religious , or cultural community values as central, 
  every time you see a piece of news , you rush to nearest university library to study the entire story in-depth from scientific publications ? 
  that is very applaudable of you , but i think you are trolling . 
  nobody has time for that in reality . 
  but , in case you are not trolling , could you please give me some papers comparing youth riot frequency in european countries . 
  surely you are not ridiculously lazy like me . 
  argument ? 
  if you had even basic reading comprehension , you 'd see i asked if r/europe preferred assimilation or multiculturalism .
