you are welcome !, 
  welcome to r/europe !, 
  i do n't know what denmark is like . 
  maybe their immigration policy is tighter ? 
  was n't there this mainstream pia kj\u00e6resgaard politician who was `` extremist racist bigot '' and all the other usual titles anti-immgigrants automatically get ? 
  go see what oslo looks like for future reference . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oslo#demographics oslo also is the drug capital of europe , which obviously is totally unrelated ( sarcasm ) . 
  because germans are violent nazi racists and you should feel bad for being on their side . 
  america is two continents . 
  if you are referring to usa , i would n't exactly call it prosperous . 
  sure it has high gdp/person , but it also has a system where those worst off are not taken care of , tent cities , massive amounts of homelessnes , extremely high violence rates , world 's largest prison population ... prosperous my ass , it 's de facto third world country - and has no policy of multiculturalism , btw . 
  all of anglosphere you listed consists by sturdy majority of european descent . 
  new zealand & australia are more white and christian than sweden or germany , and do n't have official policy of multiculture , but strong assimilation . 
  canada has policy of multiculturalism , but offsets its negtive effects by strict immigration policy . 
  your factual errors and delusions aside , i think that fighting against multiculturalistic agenda and destruction of the european civilisation it brings is very important . 
  i see nothing to gain from islamisation of our nations . 
  do you ? 
  i do n't know a single eu country which has a green-card system and/or requires that immigrant has a workplace * before * moving into country in order to get a working visa which permits extended stay . 
  for poland , perhaps , for rest of the europe drowning in immigrants who do not respect european values , not so much . 
  the reason why nordic countries and japan are so prosperous is because they are so homogenous , and the generic population shares on quite basic level a sense of greater community . 
  this is changing , however , and i predict that it wo n't take long before sweden is yet another multiculturalistic example ( compare any african country with a lot of different tribes forcefully mixed together by colonists for earlier examples ) , with norway soon to follow . 
  after the system gets infected with enough people who refuse to play with the same rules and respect same core values , the system collapses . 
  to make matters worse , multiculturalism promotes this kind of `` divide and conquer '' chaos . 
  i was too young to know grammar even in my native language back then . 
  the mechanic of learning is called language immersion . 
  what your friend says only applies to those who are well aware of their mother languages structure , and as a polyglot i know it does speed up learning greatly once you can build a systematic framework . 
  when 8-year-old who does n't know difference between noun and adjective that is simply not possible feat to perform . 
  is not . 
  after governments made a deal with protestant churches ( `` you get protection and exclusive taxation rights , we decide what is appropriate '' ) , western europe became very secular rather quickly . 
  for opposite example see usa , which never has had a state-church institution and is even more fundamentalist than iran . 
  that is incorrect . 
  i was myself a immigrant kid in a undisclosed country , and in the class we only used the official language . 
  i became fluent in less than a year of constant exposure to the language , while simultaneously keeping up with my friends back in finland . 
  i have first hand experience , you have speculation . 
  there is no need to be upset . 
  what made you so upset this time around ? 
  i know . 
  that is exactly why i keep posting these things here . 
  the poor bastards seriously need to expand their worldview and get some new viewpoints . 
  why ? 
  inb4 troll i know you do n't like what i 'm saying and do n't tolerate me at all because you are one of the tolerants ( hah ) . 
   did an immigrant speak a foreign language in your presence ? 
  yes , it is annoying to listen to urdu for 10 minutes bus ride . 
  i once started chatting casually in norwegian with one of such cases , which i knew perfectly well she could n't understand . 
  i 'm not sure did she really understand my point , but she looked scared . 
   did someone try to hand you a qur ` an ? 
   is there an ethnic food store with funny smells coming out of it in your neighborhood ? 
  yes , they have the best meat and cheapest vegetables . 
   have brownish men recently made vaguely unfriendly gestures at you while laughing with their terrorist friends in their gooblygook foreigner tongue ? 
  yes , and when i ask what they said they ignore me . 
  that is very unpleasant behaviour . 
   you have been a victim of reverse racism , and you are entitled to compensation . 
  you clearly do n't know what racism is . 
   call 1-800-neo nazi is japan the land of neo-nazis for having that kind of policies ? 
  it is even worse here . 
  you only need to question the open immigration policy to instantly get labeled as racist for all eternity . 
  for the record , all eu countries have much more open immigration than usa or canada , let alone japan or s-korea . 
  multicultural agenda makes everything even more ridiculous . 
  in finland if for example arabic speaking kids reach a certain critical mass in one school , school is then pressured into providing them education in their own language instead of having to study in finnish . 
  so much for effective integration , but hey , integration is racist nowadays !, 
  finally , when a immigrant of different colour does a serious crime , the colour and accent is hidden and description becomes very vague . 
  ultimately when immigrants are rioting , like in sweden or france every week , they are referred to as `` youths '' regardless of their age . 
  i 'm hoping to move to japan after getting my masters . 
  i 'm so fucking sick of this bullshit as well . 
  they may never treat me or my kids as one of them , but at least they are honest about it . 
  2500 kurds from all across * europe * beat 80 * german * police while they express their support to pkk . 
  sounds like majority of kurds approves of them , and are as hostile and intolerant as ever . 
  you ca n't connect the dots . 
  violent behaviour is hard-wired to kurdish `` culture '' and they should not be tolerated , because they do n't tolerate anybody else . 
  i presume you are a kurd because you are too stupid to use a basic internet service like search . 
  i am not speaking bullshit . 
  [ here , let me help you to use a internets ] ( https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;gl=us&amp;tbm=nws&amp;q=kurd+2012+attack&amp;oq=kurd+2012+attack&amp;gs_l=news-cc.3..43j43i400.9352.13937.0.14034.16.4.0.12.12.0.99.366.4.4.0...0.0...1ac.1.dyi0ohrjf68 ) get more news articles with different search words . 
  you are delusional , bitter , ignorant , and biased . 
  i ca n't search the entire internet just for you , you fucking moran . 
  use any search engine to find massive amout of news & articles of kurd violence . 
  you will learn of all the terrorism , bigotry , racism , intolerance , bloodlust , criminality , and barbarism of kurds that way . 
  kurds have never achieved anything , and they never will . 
  all they do is cause suffering and death in their surroundings . 
  you did n't give any examples . 
  kurds adopted arabic writing because they were bunch of illiterate goat herders all the way up to 20th century . 
  does n't matter if arabs made caliphates , as kurds never * ever * had any nation on the area anyways . 
  mordva has been living in russia for longer than russia has existed , yet they do n't regularly shoot russian civilians and act like assholes despite never having a own nation , because they are not animals like kurds are . 
  kurds are scattered all across mid-east because they are/were nomads similar to gypsies except more violent . 
  so you think all of mid-east belongs to kurdis ? 
  and as you said , during caliphates & ottoman empire kurdis were content , because they did n't know what nationalism is and could n't even write . 
  what `` stolen land and the country '' ? 
  kurdis never had such things . 
  here 's some old news , was first in ddg https://www.nytimes.com/1988/05/10/world/rebel-kurds-reportedly-kill-25-turkish-villagers.html here are some of those kurd scum giving support for such acts and beating german police while at it http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=44a_1347216717, 
  i 'm still waiting on your non-racist explanation . 
  there are still people who do n't use qq ? 
  like i said , there is a * reason * why kurds are treated like that . 
  the same reason why gypsies are treated like that : kurds refuse to live by laws of their country . 
  they also murder civilians quite often . 
  last time iran attacked another nation was hundreds of years ago . 
  it has been israel and usa which has been threatening iran ever since they overthrew the cia-instated american puppet regime in 70 's . 
  racist whities should be all culturally enriched . 
  how dare thay be anti-multicultural racists and writing shit like that ?!, 
  algeria and morocco is equal , fucking racists !, 
  multiculture !, 
  not really .
