oh man france will be so powerful economically when we leave the eu . 
  that 's for certain !, 
  because people want something does n't mean it 's smart . 
  i do n't know about the uk , but france has no interest in leaving the eu . 
  `` after chirac , anyone will be able to be president . '', 
  last real leader we 've had . 
  the french did n't save the czech also because the british tories did n't want a war with germany . 
  we lost tens of thousands of men when we were invaded , yet managed to pull ourselves up and have the fourth largest army present in germany by the end of the war and occupy parts of it . 
  you actually need to do a lot to pass from the status of completely undefeated and divided to victorious nation . 
  so now it begins . 
  the real battle that concerns all of us . 
  de tocqueville is the first guy to have written a serious historical review of the us , and as far as i know it is very distinct to americans . 
  even in france we do n't learn a lot about him in high school . 
  dictatorship ? 
  it never was a dictatorship . 
  if you are referring to robespierre , he never had any kind of constitutional power allowing him to do as he pleased . 
  the terror was carried on because people supported it , and robespierre was put out of power by a simple vote of the national assembly after everyone shouted at him and did n't let him speak . 
  of course the french revolution was a success . 
  we still have the flag instated by the revolution , we still have the political ideology instated by the revolution , our most important legal text is the declaration of rights of man and citizen . 
  it took a bit less than a hundred years , one restoration , two empires , but the principles of the revolution live on contrary to that of the absolute monarchy it toppled . 
  sorry i did n't make the french language . 
  my `` claim '' is about historic and political issues . 
  of course shakespeare has talked about other things than england , but his plays were the result of a rising pride for the english monarchy in its golden age during the elizabethan era . 
  most if these are from the ancient world . 
  french writers like racine have done the exact same thing , does n't change the fact that the issues pointed in shakespeare 's plays are mostly centered on england . 
  deal !, 
  the economy in france was n't bad because of the revolution , but because of the food shortage that fueled the revolution . 
  usa number one , greatest country in the world, 
  french would be a perfect compromise for everyone though !, 
  ca n't you see ? 
  a romance language ( latin ) very common to spanish and italian , influenced by german ( frankish invasions ) and that makes up at least 60 % of the english language !, 
  juncker said `` the anglo-saxon world '' in his speech . 
  he means the us . 
  yeah but the american revolution was everything but extreme . 
  i mean it 's the same white protestant people who managed the thirteen colonies who ended up ruling the us . 
  but then i 'll give it to you yeah the us remains kind of an outsider ( always has been in my opinion , since they think themselves unique ) . 
  then again , locke , hobbes , shakespeare , stuart mill ... 
  these are known references in the us . 
  that 's something i realized studying in canada . 
  unless i 'm with a qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois or another frenchie , i would n't really be able to bring a french philosopher on the table in a discussion unless it 's with a prof , simply because no one has learned about them . 
  and i also think it is very common to the `` anglo-saxon world '' , because germans know about french enlightenment and frenchies are introduced to kant and nietzsche in high school . 
  maybe it 's just because it 's continental europe . 
  but my guess is it 's because the french revolution and the revolutions of 1848 were way more successful than the glorious revolution in england . 
  it made people see things differently and look for references outside their borders , where enlightenment thinking pushed for extreme changes instead of remaining confined to their borders . 
  like , in * battleship potemkine * ( eisenstein ) which is a pro-communist movie , you 'll hear the marseillaise some times . 
  or it 's like beethoven writing his 3rd symphony * eroica * about bonaparte . 
  in english literature though , everything is always way more focused on britain and i 've never seen in shakespeare any reference to other countries or cultures , as even * hamlet * is just a transposition of england 's problems to denmark . 
  in french when we use anglo-saxon it 's not to refer to an ethnic group or a people , though . 
  it 's to refer to these countries ( us , uk , canada , australia , new zealand ) that share very common principles and ideas coming from the british enlightenment authors . 
  not at all . 
  anglo-saxon is hardly a people as it was prior to the 11th century anymore . 
  today it 's a cultural and ideological identity that has nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  australians and canadians are hardly of the same ethnic group for example ( the latter being extremely multicultural with a high population from immigration ) , same goes for the uk and the us . 
  but they are still all anglo-saxon because of their perspective and very common neoliberal policies . 
  we always use it in french to refer to britain , the us , canada , australia , and new-zealand . 
  it 's not only about speaking english or being old british colonies , but also about a certain cultural heritage and philosophical/ideological compass very distinct to these countries . 
  example : at school you all learn about adam smith , john locke , thomas hobbes , shakespeare ... 
  but you 'd need to wait until university to hear about kant , nietzsche , rousseau or voltaire . 
  it creates a small wedge between the anglo-saxons and france or germany in how people perceive things like revolutions . 
  most of the time when you refer to revolutions in anglo-saxon countries , people will remember instability , anarchy ... 
  but for a german , french or russian a revolution is much more positive . 
  and that 's just one of many examples that show how these perspectives make the anglo-saxons very distinctive . 
  it 's very nice thinking about a single european army , but for that you 'd need the competence for some kind of leadership otherwise we 'd face the prospect of france and the uk basically calling all the shots in this infrastructure 's decisions . 
  some other countries might hate that and boom , they decide not to commit too many troops to the alliance . 
  a constitutional single leadership would prevent some countries from quitting and ensure others do not have more influence than others , but for that there is a need for some kind of common taxation system shared by all europeans in order to ensure the eu army is constantly well-funded . 
  taxation means state , government , run by an executive branch . 
  basically , to have a real single european army , you need to federalize . 
  which also means some sort of single representation internationally . 
  in that case there will be tons of new legal questions , like how the two seats occupied by france and the uk in the un security council will be managed now ? 
  does the eu get two seats ? 
  do we always make sure it 's a british and/or a french who gets the job ? 
  oh , and many lobbied politicians may be against it . 
  i mean a single european army would/could mean equipment standardization at a moment or another , leading to certain weapons industries being chosen over others to take huge new deals . 
  the lobbyists working for firms like dassault or eads will be extremely active in opposing it by the single fear of such a prospect . 
  yeah but lots of countries in south america must deal with heavy insurgencies linked to very well-funded criminal cartels . 
  their problems are completely different from europe . 
  bow down , peasants !, 
  that 's exactly why i am concerned , because no one seems to do anything about it . 
  i believe that if bullfighting is legal , so should gladiatorial fights be . 
  now that would be glorious , and it would solve prison overpopulation . 
  rapidly . 
  i just saw your response . 
  well first of all historically it is something completely new . 
  china has already sent ships to the mediterranean in 2011 to evacuate its citizens from libya but now we are talking military exercise , we are talking power projection . 
  an exercise means that china is testing the waters ( literally ) and begins developing plans in case it needs to interfere in international affairs in the mediterranean . 
  in the middle ages and renaissance china was by far the first world power , but it has never established a presence so close to the west which kind of a breaking point in history . 
  the fact that it is right next to europe is also worrying because of the nature of what the chinese state is : an autocratic regime which sometimes is really close to being a totalitarianism . 
  we have n't seen a regime like that in europe since nikita khrushchev . 
  china is very close to becoming a superpower , and testing its projection in the mediterranean is a show of force . 
  finally , europe already has enough trouble with russia . 
  if china has the military and logistical capacity to intervene in the mediterranean , it can become a far more complicated adversary to deal with than russia . 
  the russians can easily be stabbed with economic sanctions because their federation is n't a grand economic power , but china ? 
  even today no one dares to confront china , and what it has lacked for decades in military hardware it is now developing on top of cooperating with a modernizing russian military . 
  well , let 's imagine a totalitarian regime places its navy in the caribbean and maybe you 'll play down the smartass attitude . 
  yeah , but china is something else entirely . 
  what the fuck are these guys doing in our swimming pool ? 
  military exercises in there means they are training in case they would want to intervene in some way in this region . 
  it can not be taken lightly . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't mind the us spying on france , but i do mind germany of all countries doing it for them .
