  already yuropeans pay homage to the republic . 
  everything is going as planned . 
  hahahaha !, 
  we shall hide all our soldiers in the eurostar and this time there will be no fancy boat to stop our march , and yurop shall be in awe when the perfide albion is finally punished for having divided us for so many years , as william the conqueror 's betrayal is avenged when the statues of wellington and nelson are torn down from trafalgar square !, 
  hahahaha !, 
  tons of people from the city are moving to a sunbelt from south brittany to marseilles on the atlantic and mediterranean coasts . 
  also , french welfare is super generous when it comes to maternity : they give good money for each kid you have and pregnant women can take leave for a very , very long time without fearing a loss of job , same goes for the husband . 
  it encourages to make kids , basically . 
  estimates put france getting a larger population than germany in the next decade . 
  i do n't want you to leave , but if it 's what you want for christ 's sake leave . 
  and do n't ask for special treatment or to renegotiate everything . 
  europe is an idea , a dream , not a restaurant menu . 
  the uk leaving will be only bad for the uk , my country will get to have even more influence in brussels along with germany and we wo n't have nigel farage screaming at any attempt at integration . 
  in my mind , even though it 's not the best of situations , we 'll at least be able to work more effectively . 
  charles de gaulle was mostly worried by american/british economic liberalism , and the british policy of not wanting a political europe . 
  he knew that britain would block any attempt at integration . 
  global firepower has weird ways to classify countries , it 's not a good source . 
  depends on what you mean by set us back . 
  as prime minister he wanted to reform the code du travail so yeah he 's a liberal there 's no denying that . 
  but he has n't given his program so i ca n't say how liberal he is . 
  if he wants to focus center and center-right ( the basis of the ump he created ) , then he should privilege entrepreneurs and middle-class people . 
  if he follows chirac 's gaullisme he should be as you say liberal in economics and conservative in social issues . 
  then , he had his little travers\u00e9e du d\u00e9sert when he taught political science in montreal during his exile before he came back to be mayor of bordeaux . 
  he 's gon na play the card of the changed man with more experience and another perspective . 
  we 'll see in his program , but what we do know is that he is a statesman and he would surely have a tight grip on his government . 
  i mean , bernadette chirac said he was `` cold '' , coming from her that means you really do n't want to fuck with him . 
  because the plebs are simple , and beautiful women easily sway the wills of simple people . 
  the basis of fascism is to have a populist support from the plebs . 
  marion marechal le pen would n't have the same success if she turned to middle-class or upper middle-class parties like the parti socialiste or the ump and central parties . 
  i like her being in the national assembly , because she gives an excuse to our deputies to scream at each other with as much violence as the old days of the third republic when people like gambetta or clemenceau were making the most delicious insults in the rotunda . 
  we 've got two failed presidents , a hysterical bitch , and an ex-prime minister who took the bullet for chirac 's fake employment affairs . 
  my choice is quickly made . 
  i did n't know about the 5 year thing being lifted . 
  that means ` muricans from the midwest can just ask for a language test and if they rock it they get citizenship ? 
  guys come i want your guns for the coming civil war against muslims or against marine le pen . 
  guys , this referendum would never get more than 30 % yes for eu exit . 
  even if she 's president , she wo n't be able to make us leave by popular vote , only by presidential authority . 
  and then again i 'm no law expert but i guess that if she wants to do it without referendum and bypass popular approval she 'd at least need a parliament approval to get the legitimacy to do something like that . 
  it wo n't happen guys , or she 'll say fuck you to everyone and just publish a decree saying we 're leaving the eu . 
  which means acting like a tyrant . 
  and we do n't like tyrants . 
  she might get support from the countryside , but in paris people do n't like the fn or presidents who force things . 
  and guess where she would live as president ? 
  that 's why jupp\u00e9 needs to win, 
  goddamnit i feel the plot to get italy more tourists than france with this shit !, 
  we must legalize it naoh !, 
  good italy , very good . 
  we sold the islands to spain ? 
  again another stupid decision by king louis xvi , i 'm glad we cut off his filthy head . 
  margaret thatcher said that the falklands are `` british sovereign territory '', 
  i do n't completely bet on it , but the prospect of sending the charles de gaulle to a second falklands war is giving me wood . 
  i mean , if someone is to sink british ships with exocet missiles , it is only french ships , not puny non-white argies . 
  a minority of the population wants independence . 
  same goes for french polynesia or corsica , but most know independence would be a death warrant . 
  they 'd have no more money from the government and they would beg on the champs elysees to be back in two weeks . 
  i can assure you if the whole of the island wanted independence , they 'd have it . 
  becauuuuse the falklands are part of the uk and they 'll defend it as we 'd defend new caledonia ? 
  the french might help , considering the recent lancaster house treaty . 
  terrorist attacks will just alienate muslims , and if it continues it 'll end up with people throwing their bloodied bodies in the seine . 
  charles 's decision was illegal , as duke of burgundy and flanders he was a vassal to our king and had to follow his rule . 
  charles was a traitor !, 
  thanks for reminding the world that you are legally and by all legitimacy a part of glorious france . 
  now i will call for our tanks to invade belgium . 
  oh , btw this election is irrelevant . 
  it 's very local and the departements are being slowly dissolved . 
  no power comes from these elections . 
  i have a few english friends who would disagree . 
  and my speaking in english also does so . 
   esperanto i stopped taking this comment seriously at that point, 
  you 're really not making a good case for yourself buddy , especially with the two-languages thing . 
  btw the us has never been part of the commonwealth neither , and i believe that overall in europe more people know english than they know french or german . 
  it 's either english or everyone will need to learn 26 languages at least . 
  [ bad idea guys ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st._bartholomew%27s_day_massacre ) ... [ very bad idea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dechristianisation_of_france_during_the_french_revolution ) . 
  i did n't know about nordic states , thanks for the info . 
  does n't change the fucked up situation of having brussels and strasbourg with the same deputies . 
  let 's have others to have seats in strasbourg , with less deputies maybe , and we 'd be able to simplify things a bit and create a real check on brussels 's decisions . 
  a lot of people do n't like the lobbyism there . 
  i 'm not dreaming about a european war , i 'm just saying that russia does not stand a chance against nato, 
  every democracy has two chambers , like the us has a senate and a house of representatives, 
  yeah but they do n't have that many modern tanks . 
  most of their armored divisions pale in the face of a challenger 2 or a leclerc , and modern war today is simply just not waged with tanks anymore as in ww2 . 
  the russian military is catching up in technology with nato , and they know that today numbers are not what would win a confrontation . 
  i believe that many people would go for it , but first there is a main problem to be solved before everyone can be confident enough in the idea of a european federation : the lack of democracy . 
  there must be a check to the power of the current eu institutions , the ecb must be regulated , a second parliament chamber would need to be created with different members , and if there is to be an executive it must be designated directly by the people , not through parliament . 
  why ? 
  because it would take time for people to adapt themselves into trusting the parliament , and brussels breathes only distrust . 
  the designation of the leaders of a federation would need to make personal campaigns for the whole of europe to be voted in by the european citizenry , because only then would links be created and trust formed . 
  people need to believe in the institutions of europe before it goes further , and for that they need reform . 
  even when we all know that the bad guys were austrians , right ? 
  hey , at least you do n't get the surrender jokes . 
  i do n't know about will , but i do know that nato countries and the most powerful ones have military technologies and spectrums that dwarfs the russian army . 
  they are ten years late when it comes to developing their own equipment , that 's why they bought helicarriers from france . 
  honestly , i think that the united kingdom and france could together destroy russian forces , we 're just reluctant because we 're like `` it used to be soviet union '' , but it 's not . 
  russia is a shadow of what the ussr was , but it is way weaker than any leading member of nato . 
  i 'm wondering what his arguments were ? 
  maybe guys who ate and drink c4 by the dozen and who stick themselves to tanks ? 
  i 'm not saying the united states is to blame , i am saying it has responsibility , because i do n't think it is a good or a bad thing . 
  i was not criticizing , i was explaining a completely understandable situation : say you 're in a very dangerous place with a group of people . 
  for twenty years your group has been the coolest and most efficient , and the most pumped up one has tons of weapons and continues to act friendly and say he 'll be a bro , etc. 
  consequently , the other members of the group will be focusing their attention on other things , like getting better clothes or shit .
