  why ? 
  because they know someone constantly has their backs . 
  it is the exact same situation . 
  the us will never shy from helping a nato ally , because why would it be paying that much on defense if not for defending its constructions ? 
  the americans lent free logistical support to the french for the intervention in mali , that 's how much their hands are free . 
  that 's why i 'm saying that if the us made cuts in their budget , if the mediterranean and baltic fleets were disbanded or relocated , you 'd see higher spending on the part of the europeans because their defense would really be at stake . 
  arrogant fool , i 'm starting to think that some russians believe they could beat nato . 
  as if it were the europeans 's fault . 
  the us has been playing world cop for more than twenty years and pledging to protect everyone . 
  of course people cut their military budget when the us spends a titanic amount of money on their defense , meaning on everyone 's defense . 
  convince congress to make cuts and we 'll see some changes . 
  putin is not stupid . 
  if he nukes anyone , russia will be a field of ashes in two months, 
  the riots did n't take place in a single day . 
  and if putin really wanted to oppose an attack by neo-nazis in kiev and support the `` democratically '' elected government of ukraine , he 'd be trying to get the president back in power instead of taking territories that used to belong to him . 
  russia is attacking ukraine and its territorial sovereignty , period . 
  that 's called austerity . 
  defense is part if public spending cuts . 
  well , who 's attacking another country ? 
  a good name would be a crimean war officer . 
  or queen victoria herself ? 
  that would have sent a message to the russians . 
  but . . nuclear aircraft carriers are way classier than conventional ones !, 
  charles de gaulle was opposed to it , and french politicians in general until the 90s because all of our presidents were ex-resistance fighters and did not like the idea of a strong german military . 
  jacques chirac , on the other hand , was a great partisan of a european military integration , and has turned french military policy towards it . 
  basically , he thought that france could get back on a saddle of grandeur and political power through a european military power . 
  it was shown at the st malo summit of 1998 when chirac and tony blair agreed on further cooperation between french and british forces . 
  the summit was criticized by uk conservatives because they saw in chirac 's plans a desire for french grandeur and bigger european military is to be feared in traditional british doctrines . 
  as far as i know , the administration and government think that a european military would n't be a bad idea because the french military would come off in a leading position in this scenario , and for new-gaullists like chirac , a greater and more powerful europe means that france will get prestige . 
  but , the germans contrary to what you say , are very reluctant to bigger military investments on their part . 
  in the reichstag there are a few who support the idea of no military forces for germany , and lots of them are very pacifist . 
  that 's because the germans are shy on getting a bigger military force that france turned to the uk to sign the 2010 lancaster house treaty for shared capacities . 
  let 's not forget that france has recently made a new military cooperation treaty in 2010 with the lancaster house treaty , creating a joint british-french task force and promising to share aircraft-carriers : the charles de gaulle and one of the elizabeth-class carriers being built . 
  the point is to share power projection and capacities to move . 
  i think the us sees france as a better ally than it was ten years ago because they know they will cooperate more with the british , and that with the lancaster house treaty , the special relation with britain will create more ties with france . 
  also , the uk was way more invested in afghanistan , and spent a lot on iraq and its military might need to take a breath . 
  on the opposite , france did not participate in iraq and not a lot in afghanistan , so our men are fresh and we could deploy really fast in africa . 
  also , the fact that further ties are made with france is africa . 
  last time the us has tried to intervene with strength on the continent , two black hawks were shot down and they did n't capture a somali warlord . 
  france and britain have way more experience when they deal in africa because of the colonial past , but the difference we have with the uk is that we have way more bases on the continent and a larger deployment capability . 
  the pentagon probably sees it as : france can topple an african government in two seconds if we ask . 
  it makes us the perfect ally , especially because the african market will be growing a lot for us and european companies to profit from . 
  on top of that , french influence is a bridge for the americans to counter the growing chinese influence in eastern africa . 
  finally , france has been very supportive of israel lately , and netanyahu has been courting french politicians because he knows the us administration is diverting its focus from the middle-east to southeast asia . 
  israel is looking for new allies in europe that will always need oil from the middle-east , and maybe the us hopes that france will take over as a blob protecting israel . 
  france has constant military bases in chad , cote d'ivoire , djibouti , and other countries ( mali and central africa with the last interventions ) . 
  recently the politicians tried to destroy the expression `` fran\u00e7afrique '' , but many people still use it . 
  big firms also have a tight grip in west african countries . 
  corporation power and military presence make these countries very reliable on france , and a simple executive decision from the president can topple a government in two seconds ( ivory coast during the last civil strife ) . 
  we keep these relations blurred , though , because they look very bad in leftist public opinion . 
  it 's very douchey, 
  did n't you stop selling weapons ? 
  anyways there must be tons of other clients, 
  what would anyone want to do in saudi arabia anyway ? 
  fuck them , i see enough of their princes getting drunk and driving fast cars in paris . 
  people already do n't believe in the eu enough , if france , germany did n't intervene with strength the union would collapse . 
  the european central bank . 
  it 's able to influence the economy of the eu without any kind of civil or political check . 
  no one votes for them , no one keeps an eye on them , and it is self-sufficient . 
  the ecb is the definition of technocracy . 
  do you want war ? 
  this is how you get war . 
  i , as a parisian , refuse to be separated from my brethren from bordeaux and bourgogne , they make my wine . 
  i also refuse to be cut from the provence and the cote d'azur , that 's where i go on vacation with rich russian mobsters and the people i make fun of . 
  never shall i and the normans be in a different state than i , that 's the location of my countryside house . 
  and the britons ? 
  where will my cr\u00eapes come from ? 
  time for a new civil war , already ? 
  this is a mistake . 
  france is about separating religion and state , and in a fight where we begin to debate different religious doctrines , it 's not the french nation that will win against salafists ; we just do n't have the legitimacy to talk of religion to a muslim community whose core members in france are people in suburbs who already do n't believe in the country . 
  we must integrate people , continue to convince them that it is possible to be french , because contrary to what the front national thinks being french is not ethnic , it is the acceptance that we share a common destiny under the values of the revolution . 
  period . 
  anyone can be french if he/she wants to and it is not excluding foreigners . 
  for that of course , we have to keep our cosmopolitan doctrine and abandon the parti socialiste 's thinking that multiculturalism can work in france , because it does n't , it creates communities and divides the supposedly united french nation . 
  we must convince that you must be french first , muslim second . 
  just as in brittany you are french first , then briton . 
  of course it would !, 
  mighty leclerc is one of ze best tanks in wargame !, 
  the sweet feeling of not being targeted by a surrender joke, 
  you 're speaking as if the united states 's policy had favored european unity . 
  you 're speaking as if the eu had the legal authority to do anything . 
  the european union is an economic union , and has no legitimacy or right to engage in diplomatic talks that could engage the politics of its member-states . 
  thing is when we talk of religious factions you 'll rarely have a moderate one and an extreme one . 
  both will be extreme : the shia powerhouse is iran , a theocracy , while the sunni one is saudi arabia , an absolute kingdom ruled by `` mohammed 's descendant '', 
  your view of christians is super flawed . 
  it 's the protestants that take the bible very seriously from its astute reading . 
  the catholics do n't need that because the institutionalized church does that for them . 
  protestantism began out if a wish to return to the original practice of christianity which had been corrupted by the wealthy church to them . 
  thanks !, 
  note that in this video , contrary to the russian occupant one , the guys admit that they ca n't win a war against america , and that their only hope of defeating the servants of capitalism is to have europe on their side . 
  ca n't watch it outside of the uk, 
  the smart ones do n't want to . 
  the next 2017 elections will determine whether the majority of us are stupid , or rational . 
  for them , the concept of working is disrespectful . 
  stealing is more honorable . 
  there 's nothing more to say , they 'll never fit in any society if they do n't integrate : period . 
   i 'm with my girlfriend this time and we had just gotten into paris via train from london ( i forget the exact station ) aaaaah , the gare du nord , that 's where i used to live . 
  that 's one of their main activity hubs where they assault you with `` do you speak engliiiish ? '', 
  to get you to stop and then rob you . 
  i had a few fights telling them to fuck off .
