  europe can just not sustain all the misery in the fucking world . 
  street vendors can be annoying , but scary ? 
  it 's going a bit far , i mean i do n't see how little gold eiffel towers can be threatening . 
  foreign policy is n't really used as a campaign ad thing in france . 
  it 's mostly shadowy and very blurred . 
  i think all the politicians know what france 's interests abroad are and do n't want to talk about it because it may sound imperialistic . 
  yeah , but you do n't get free refill in the french mcdonald 's . 
  and that 's just outrageous . 
  the european union did n't exist in the fifties . 
  it was just a commercial agreement between france and germany at first , and commercial ties had existed before ww2 , so that only would not be valid . 
  ask pakistan , they 've been led by extremists for decades and it has n't created any nuclear apocalypse . 
  afraid . 
  peace in europe was maintained primarily by us troops and nuclear deterrence . 
  btw i do n't see why all the guys who returned are not tried on the charges of treason . 
  one of the results of that charge can be to lose citizenship and be `` exiled '' . 
  i mean no one is going to stand up for their right of having joined is . 
  my bad then , i always thought they had never changed it . 
  anyways , it 's fairly easy to say that russians will never want to join a union mainly dominated by german and french politicians . 
  and they consider siberia as a very important part of their nation . 
  and that 's fine , i would also always fight to say the alsace-lorraine is french , but at least it 's in fucking europe . 
  anyways , russians hardly consider themselves european and do n't have the same standards . 
  we even have a different calendar . 
  see , when i read that someone `` never considered petain as a traitor '' i am enraged . 
  it 's not the fact that he surrendered there 's no problem with that we had lost , but he explicitly said that france was `` sick '' ever since the revolution and became a dictator , and that is treason . 
  because the most important moment of the french nation , and subsequent birth of french nationalism arrived with the french revolution when people put the nation and its constitution as more important than the king , contrary to people like le pen who think that joan of arc fought for the french nation . 
  i do n't care what he thinks about the gas chambers . 
  i do n't care he tortured algerians during the war . 
  i do n't care that he is racist : all of that , he has a right to , because we are in a democracy , and because he has a right to be a stupid asshole who does n't understand what france is . 
  but praising one of the men who spat on the very founding of our nation and made us hitler 's whores , that is betrayal , and that is why this man is no french patriot . 
  to me , he is the equivalent of a royalist vend\u00e9en that i would have gladly sent to the guillotine . 
  i do n't want russia in the eu . 
  more than half of it is asian . 
  legal weed in the netherlands, 
  well , at the time spain and portugal were crumbling empires . 
  that 's exactly the kind of line you throw to say that you 're replacing the sick old man who is now `` useless '' with a new young empire . 
  nah , i would leave the english only with positions about finance or economy . 
  after all , they are a nation of shopkeepers . 
  one of them was killed and they lost around 20 guys in exchange . 
  the somalis tweeted the cross the guy was wearing being all happy they had been able to shoot one . 
  only two countries in the eu speak english as a first language . 
  two others speak german as a first language . 
  three of them speak french as a first language ( france , belgium , luxembourg ) . 
  the two capitals are in french-speaking countries . 
  on top of that we free dutch hostages in the desert while the uk is debating whether it should leave . 
  that 's why it 's unfair , we put a lot of work being all-powerful masters and realizing the emperor 's dreams and now we are sad . 
  :( edit : the article is also wrong in saying that young french would accept english as a lingua franca . 
  in downtown paris and bordeaux yeah of course , but anywhere else , the suburbs , the countryside . . 
  absolutely not . 
  i accept english if in exchange frenchmen dominate every sphere of the administration , army , and executive branches . 
  indeed , but they were quickly latinized as vassals to the king of the franks . 
   reality is japan recruited the french to modernize their army yep , france had the better military prestige in the world under napoleon iii following the crimean war and his interventions in lebanon . 
  and he was napoleon 's nephew , so it sounded cool . 
  just like the last samurai where tom cruise played some random yankee instead of the real life french who fought with the shogun . 
  let the plebs all learn english , i shall honhon with the true masters of yurop just like the normans did when they dominated england . 
  so please present me with your grand solution . 
  deport them all ? 
  france then is treated as intolerant and racist . 
  give them shelter ? 
  why should we pay for people who entered the territory illegally and do n't even want to stay ? 
  either go engage , or probably cower and stay in canada where it 's safe . 
  i ca n't really predict that i 'd have the courage to go to the army , even though i like to think that . 
  marechal de france is so hard to get that there is no living one right now . 
  you 'd need to lead and flawlessly win a campaign against a real military power to get that . 
  self determination and human rights are definitely not the same . 
  the american revolution was about determination as a country , but not about human rights . 
  the french revolution was about human rights , but completely trumped over sovereignty with the invasions of belgium , italy , or switzerland, 
  this dick farage keeps telling everything wrong is because of the european union 's free movement , and that the uk should control its own borders . 
  but one , the schengen space in not within the eu and is between countries directly , and second britain is not part of it and alread controls its borders . 
  this man is either an idiot , or a liar . 
  youtube with porn , guys !, 
  title is wrong . 
  the article says he was staying at a hotel near the charles de gaulle airport which is way off paris , i can assure you any classy hotel in the capital in which famous people go to would never do such a thing . 
  let them become a russian slave . 
  greece has lied to europe in order to get the euro and repaid debts to banks thanks to money from the leading economies of the eu . 
  there 's just a moment when there are consequences . 
  matteo renzi seems to be one of the best leaders of europe right now . 
  i remember him calling for a political europe recently . 
  he is literally the frank underwood of europe : getting to this post that young proves his political mettle , and on top of that he seems to understand today 's dynamics far better than old francois hollande . 
  because you think we 're not trying to do that ? 
  if they wanted to be french , there would n't be any problem . 
  the english, 
  you forget austria during glorious charles v. 
  bismarck 's mighty mustache was the best thing about imperial germany . 
  green cards can be given to foreigners in exchange of service in the us armed forces , lots of people from latin american countries go through that , the requirement is just to speak good english i think . 
  and as far as i know you do n't need to relinquish your previous nationality . 
  french was taught to people who went to school and i guess that a lot of young men ended up learning it with conscription and needing to understand their orders . 
  but it is in the late 19th that mandatory school in french killed these languages . 
  it was probably within the jacobin program to force french though , but the revolutionaries had enough problems on their hands and were n't going to alienate cultures on top of that . 
  anyways , there was n't enough time for the revolution to kill languages : the period lasted from 1789 to 1815 , that 's two generations , way too little time to destroy languages . 
  for example we can say today that the local dialects are dead but it 's fairly recent ( 40 years or so ) , but grandparents still know breton or basque or corsican . 
  that means that is took from jules ferry education reforms in the 1880s to the second half of the 20th century to finish the process , that 's way longer than what the revolutionaries had . 
  lots of the conquered provinces did n't speak french , but that was n't much of a difference for french nationalists because even on the original territory 80 % of people did n't speak french at the time . 
  during the revolution and the empire , nationalism was n't based on language , but on the enlightenment . 
  for them , anyone could be french . 
  silly belgium tries to find an excuse for not being stronk enough to conquer more land and have as much as everyone else . 
  canada : us of a with healthcare, 
  of course he did . 
  every french president until sarkozy almost openly said that european integration correlated with french grandeur . 
  what is that guy 's logic , that mexico would dare attack the us with outdated russian weapons ? 
  i propose the louvre to become seat of the yuropean imperator .
