  to me it looks like the german spies are lapdogs and that germany is betraying a supposed allied and partner in favor of the yankees . 
  if turks do n't get to be called european , the russians ca n't get it neither as far as i 'm concerned . 
  the ottoman empire has had as much influence in european history as the russians , and they 're on the same category of half-european half-something . 
  dude , you could at least write the title in english . 
  atheism is not a religion , though . 
  all of this is unrelated . 
  strasbourg was also chosen because it 's right next to germany , and it stated that french-german relations were important enough to have a capital made for this purpose . 
  the parliament rests on a treaty made by different nations , that 's why even on its own it can not take the decision to just be in brussels . 
  and france never pushed to have institutions in french , it just so happened that three members of the european community were french-speaking countries ( france , belgium , luxembourg ) whereas great britain was n't even a founding member and germany was split in half . 
  i 'm not asking to change the location of institutions that 'd be in other countries . 
  by your logic i could say belgium gets special treatment for having everything . 
  the institutions in italy or germany ought to stay there just like the parliament in strasbourg . 
  you can also learn french to speak to the people living in brussels , btw . 
  eurosceptics spread across europe seems less dangerous than a concentration of them in france who want to push for an exit , because if france quits everything goes down . 
  do you think that the crowds who vote front national make the distinction between eurozone and germany when it comes to an institution located in germany ? 
  and btw if you ca n't see that national pride is a huge issue to be tackled with subtlety , you really do not understand what is at stake when talking of the european dream . 
  if i were to present your comment to anyone , 80 % chances that he/she will tell you to fuck off . 
  i would n't be against strasbourg , actually . 
  would make all the guys who do n't want it as a capital shut up . 
   as is belgium , as in the netherlands , as is italy , as is luxembourg . 
  where has it ever been stated that belgium , the netherlands or luxembourg were essential to the eu ? 
  as a whole , the benelux is important but it is not as relevant as the french-german relationship . 
  that 's why the latter is always talked about . 
  and italy has shown its little investment in controlling the eu when brussels was able to appoint mario monti as its leader without any kind of democratic process . 
   then we need to pay for it ourselves and not share the bill with all the people of the eu , it 's very idiotic !, 
  we 're already paying . 
  we 're paying eastern europe 's industrialization money , we 're paying greece 's bailout . 
   no one , except for this delusional government and supporters like yourself , is interested in moving the eu to france . 
  in fact , people want to move everything to bruxelles !, 
  i do n't see any comment where i said i support the valls government . 
  as for the rest , no not every institution should be moved to brussels indeed . 
  brussels is already full of lobbyists and i would n't want to send more preys to these vultures . 
  concentration in the actual form of the eu will make brussels become washington d.c 2.0 . 
  ps : i , just like 68 million french , have been taught at school that the european capitals were brussels and strasbourg . 
  this is one of these things that make us like the eu , that yeah one of its capitals are in france . 
  it may be silly or stupid , but it 's simple things like that which contribute to help europe 's popularity . 
  if you take that away , people will feel rejected , denied , and spat on by institutions they 're already looking at with skepticism . 
  if unity is to be the main mantra of europe , throw us this bone so that we 're content with it . 
  take it away , and we * will * be angry . 
  if the parliament was removed from brussels , the belgians would feel the same way . 
  you either get us the satisfaction of having a european capital in our borders or you take it out and give more votes to the eurosceptics . 
  and i do n't see why the germans would control the central bank and we 'd have nothing . 
  fuck all the people who say they do n't have european institutions in their countries , have you forgotten that france and germany are the backbone of this union , and not latvia or poland ? 
  yes , it is a question of pride . 
  of pride that we are the ones who started this project , of pride that we sat down with the germans to establish that it is the german-french relations that would shape the european project . 
  now instead of pissing us off with how much strasbourg costs , why not finding solutions to make it more relevant and reduce costs , like i do n't know , create a new legislative house ? 
  that 's just an idea , there could be tons of them . 
  leave them be . 
  a federal europe will probably not be exactly like the us , because it will be created by states that are completely different from one another contrary to the colonies that all had governors and assemblies based on the same model . 
  they would probably retain their lands and private properties that will insure their incomes , and even perhaps honorary titles like the remaining aristocrats in italy or france . 
  or there 's the hard way , for that you take the direction of the concorde square and you wait for me to install the guillotine . 
  and why not an active one ? 
  i mean i get the idea of a monarch head of state in a country like the uk because the monarchy is just such a good tourist attraction that yields great benefits , but why should my taxpayer money go to a ceremonial ruler who does nothing and represents zero benefit instead of creating a so-called `` untouchable '' symbol of leadership ? 
  is n't democracy also about being able to sneer at your leader and criticize him through the actions of his government ? 
  russia tracks down . 
  france executes . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xj0nblzjze i do n't think anyone will risk the crossing if you adopt this strategy, 
  i guess you learn something new every day, 
  we show off their heads to the crowd , and it cheers in return . 
  if that 's not love and respect i do n't know what is . 
  most of the un peacekeeping mission in rwanda was made of french soldiers , and mitterrand had a huge presence in the conflict . 
  basically before the genocide france was pro-hutu because the hutu speak french , thus french influence in rwanda . 
  the tutsi are english-speakers . 
  basically when the genocide started france let the hutu do their dirty work , but i must precise that even if they would have wanted to help the tutsi there was no legal framework in which they could have acted : in peacekeeping you can only fire if you are being attacked . 
  but still , france was ill-regarded because it had no wish to really help the tutsi and refused to sell them weapons . 
  rhetorically , the argument ( which is valid ) is that putting more weapons on the ground would escalate the conflict . 
  realistically , mitterrand had openly said that a tutsi-controlled rwanda would be a loss for france in africa ( as we can see today ) . 
  some people theorized that french soldiers might have helped hutu military personnel , but it was never confirmed and it is highly unlikely . 
  as a final and breaking point , i would like to precise that rwanda was not part of the french heritage of its colonial past . 
  it was a belgian colony attached to congo , and the ethnic difference between hutu and tutsi was created by belgian colonists and officials ( to better control them ) . 
  well there 's already tons of unemployed people in europe , you 're saying we should reserve these for illegal immigrants ? 
  would be nice if these migrants all had a university degree , but they do n't . 
  they would have the qualifications to work in factories at best , and there are no factories anymore in modern europe that can hire them . 
  now not only do they not work and thus pay no taxes , they 're being supported by the state on top of that . 
  it may seem cruel , but europe is not a haven for the world 's misery . 
  it ca n't support it . 
  what ? 
  i would have called for a fleet patrol or a jet to blast them out of existence after they left, 
  in a historical perspective , i like to think that all european princes and nations have always wanted to rebuild a `` roman empire '' and have always used it as an example . 
  when you think about it , every time a monarch began to be more powerful than all the others , he took examples from roman/greek traditions , as if the times of ancient rome were an ideal to strive towards . 
  the idea that european countries were `` descendants '' of rome appeared after the first world war in historiography , as historians wanted to find something to bind european nations together after they fought . 
  there is also of course christianity , but the religion itself is a consequence of the roman empire 's expansions . 
  we 're talking of gentlemen settling their conflicts in a courtly manner . 
  i am critical of governments , it 's my right as a citizen . 
  because my government represents me . 
  but corporations represent financial interests for a few people , that 's why they ought to always be checked by the tool that is a representative government , because that 's the only thing powerful enough to contain their excesses . 
  as for states , it 's up to citizens to do so . 
  authority , yes . 
  concrete power , no . 
  france ca n't force google to do anything , but it can damn well make demands . 
  it 's a good thing governments can attack corporations , especially when they do n't pay their fucking taxes . 
  libya and tunisia are probably happy to let smugglers do their jobs . 
  i do n't think they want the migrants to stay on their coasts . 
  as for european cooperation i know it 's not well organized , that 's why the problem needs to be addressed and help ought to be sent to italy and spain . 
  this is fucking disappointing . 
  this could have created a precedent in european politics . 
  just imagine if today 's politicians settled their arguments with duels ended at first blood . 
  all mediterranean countries should partner up their coast guards and help the italians . 
  we have common frontiers with schengen , we should then all participate in securing them . 
  and we have to stop sheltering these migrants and send them back , however cruel it sounds .
