   look up the study for yourself pretty sure burden of truth falls on the claimant . 
  the address of your house is put in one hat , the names of scandinavian prisons in another . 
  which do you choose ? 
  the other guy was n't saying that scandinavian prisons were better , he was asking why you 'd want to leave . 
  why would n't you ? 
  good to know i guess . 
  despite the flair , i 'm not really a big drinker , so . . :p, 
  why should you exhale first ? 
  i would argue that bringing in live-fire weapons is the kind of escalation a government body should ** not ** be engaging in with it 's own citizens . 
  ah , ok . that said , were n't there dead/seriously injured protestors before the live firearms started really coming into play , with few , if any , reports of dead/seriously injured security forces ? 
  i would certainly hope so !, 
  thanks for the elaboration . 
  i thought gendarmes were just normal policemen ? 
  do you actually mean militia or the soldiers ( i.e. 
  the ones firing on the people in this video , although i 'm fairly sure they 're not soldiers but some sort of police force ) ? 
  because that sentence takes on two very different meanings depending on that . 
  you 're thinking of a `` tyranny of the majority '' style `` democracy '' as opposed to an actual democracy . 
  very different things . 
  i do n't know if we 're watching the same video or not , but they 're certainly unarmed in the one everyone else saw . 
  i finally found someone else that shares my opinion of that show . 
  holy fuck are they all annoying as shit . 
  about 3 , that 's selection bias . 
  the subs whose mods will go ahead and do that without the insistence of a load of users are generally the ones who actively police threads , remove comments and have strict rules about comment quality that they actually enforce . 
  when the downvote button is disabled by user request without change in moderator action , it has failed to have a significant effect in every single subreddit i 've seen it done in . 
  huh . 
  did n't realise they had a secessionist movement . 
  what 's that southwest area in the uk ? 
  placebo effect ? 
  maybe it only affects / r/all , or only your home page . 
  only ever heard it with both is , but i guess that 's just because we want to feel included . 
  yeah , i was happy for a moment until i got it . 
  i like to pretend you 've got an actual fox tied to your pc , which you call your fire fox because of how hot your pc gets with it ... 
  but seriously , why not power it off ? 
  it can save your tabs , youtube and the like save your place ... 
   i 'm trying to de-googlify myself not keeping all your privacy eggs in one basket , i suppose . 
  i do n't think having the process running for a week is exactly a normal use case . 
  he did say september to april . 
  you 're asserting that other people should look up sources for the statements you 're making . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  driving serves a useful purpose . 
  smoking does not . 
  characterized by assertion of unproved or unprovable principles, 
  actual checkmate . 
  you are either a troll or have never had a real discussion about uncircumcised penes if you think that makes them any less clean than circumcised ones . 
  have another look at your settings . 
  if you 're not swiping , you certainly can turn off ahtoforrect , it just ends up being a mess . 
  like it did for the one word i did n't swipe . 
  i think they 'd be about 12 ? 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  my favourite comment in / r/ireland about heaney 's death ... `` a 74 foot box , a foot for every year . '', 
  well , it 's been over 200 years of rest for you , get to it !, 
  for other people like me who are useless at geography , massachusetts and vermont are two states which are basically right beside each other - think austria and switzerland . 
  not sure if they 're similar in mindset , of course . 
  the thing is , that question on it 's own does n't necessarily mean much . 
  there 's myriad factors which can influence success that are , in fact , out of your control ( meeting the right people , being in the right place at the right time ) and the best you can do is maximise your chances of being able to take advantage of those things * if * they happen . 
  as an example , think of someone you met in the last few years who you 're now good friends with . 
  i can think of someone i met just 2 months ago who i certainly would not have met ( and if i had met them , i would n't have become friends with them as it was a product of circumstance on circumstance on circumstance ) if a single person had n't commented on an experience of theirs to me * nearly five years ago * . 
  now imagine in my future that a connection to that person is what allows me to expand my company ( say , connection to a person in a useful position of a supply chain i need access to ) - if that person had n't made an offhand comment five years earlier , i would n't have gotten off the ground . 
  it 's a butterfly effect thing , and it 's naive to be completely on one side of the argument or the other - there are factors that are outside your control which influence it , but you need to be able to use those to your advantage . 
  excuse the lack of accents - english keyboard . 
  no , germany , bad !, 
  we all know how this ends !, 
  apparently so , people still have a huge aversion to them . 
  similarly in muslim countries when everyone suddenly disappears to go pray . 
  not quite as astounding/admirable , but also impressive to see as an outsider . 
  first time i saw the video of the uprising commemoration , i got goosebumps on my whole body . 
  amazing stuff . 
  i 'm not sure about the saturation . 
  it 's useful to way too many fields and expanding ridiculously fast . 
  either way , i 'm way ahead of you - my course has a 6 month internship during your masters year . 
  experience along with a masters from a renowned university should serve me well . 
  that may be so , but since portuguese is my mothertongue ( shares latin roots ) and i 've been learning french since i was about 6 ( not entirely relevant to the lc , for reasons i wo n't explain because that 'd identify me with absolute certainty ) , it 's the obvious choice . 
  i 'm going for cs in trinity , with my best subjects right now being chemistry and maths . 
  applied maths and physics follow closely behind , then i 'm stuck with french , geography , english and portuguese to contend for the last two spots . 
  i 'm not big on geography , only got it because there was n't enough demand for economics . 
  that said , i 'm planning on using the points from it in place of english , so i 'm still gon na have to force myself to learn my stuff . 
  luckily , most of it is pretty simple . 
  i never understand people who do that . . all your eggs in one basket and whatnot . 
  nothing wrong with trying to do well !, 
  that 's good to hear . 
  people seem to really tank the essays - judging by the mean mark . . 
  and can i say that you 're truly a special snowflake ? 
  shoulda posted a link to it in / r/ireland , seeing as that 's where they get most of their content . 
  how 'd your essays go , if you remember ? 
  that seems to be where most people lose out on marks . 
  [ chief examiner 's report 2012 ] ( http://examinations.ie/archive/examiners_reports/2012_chief_examiner_report_lc_geography.pdf ) , if you want to see where people tend to do badly . 
  good luck to you . 
  man , average points are much lower for geography than i remember . 
  34 % of people getting 65-80 points from it in 2012 . 
  with your average person in general once the media furor around tibet died down . 
  geography has an extremely high proportion of bs relative to other subjects at lc higher level - iirc from when i was coding my [ points predictor thing ] ( http://lcpoints.eu ) . 
  personally , i 'd be happy about these changes . 
  if anyone calls it a pervert list ( the list of people who opt-out , that is ) , you 've now got a plethora of things that you want access to that people ca n't brand you a pervert for . 
  ( not that porn is something to brand someone a pervert for in the first place ) that said , my reaction assumes that the law is guaranteed to go through . 
  j'ai vu ton fran\u00e7ais en reponse \u00e0 quelq ` un d'autre dans ce thread ( someone who actually uses french online wan na correct that ? ), 
  and no , i wo n't speak irish . 
  i was exempt because i 'm a dirty foreigner . 
  a positive tone is generally inferred , though . 
  since this is a primarily english speaking subreddit ... `` you can read about that here [ link in patent comment ] . 
  the asfa system operates in those 4km . '',
