  but the `` or not '' made my entire post unnecessary and now i feel stupid . 
  in my defense it 's 8 , actually almost 9am and i did n't go to sleep because i 'm downloading something for hours now . 
  anyway , yes , we agree here obviously , one can exist only the way they exist so it 's not a case of i could be born elsewhere . 
  it 's still a case of i could have been someone else . 
  now let 's not argue about impossibility of one to be born as someone else , that one might even cross from physics to philosophy , and i detest philosophy . 
   out of interest , do you feel gay people should n't be allowed to feel proud of their sexuality ? 
  anyone can feel whatever they want , but i would n't be proud of being homosexual just like i 'm not proud of being heterosexual . 
  however , if i had to cope with hateful and discriminating society , i 'd be proud of myself for climbing that hill , specially if i finally found courage and will to come out with it despite knowing it will hurt me in life . 
  as one should n't be proud of things they ca n't chose or affect , they also should n't be ashamed of it and not being ashamed when your friends , family and society tells you that you should be is a huge personal accomplishment worthy of pride . 
  four in total , two at the coast and two on the continent ( karlovac and koprivnica counties ) . 
  a few more in other slavic countries , and quite a few if you count novgorod 's and other variations in other languages . 
  what a shitty map , it has too many mountains and closed off seas and geography is completely random and unrealistic . 
  learn geography first , dude . 
  ... 200 comments , ca n't be bothered to read them all , i do n't know if someone already made this reference to fantasy maps and people being smart-ass-holes . 
  that 's probably a mascot car of a local fire brigade , but they had such a need for vehicles to go to various fires around town that they used even this one . 
  in fact , split 's roads on the outskirts are very narrow , this may even be the most efficient way to get people to some streets . 
  or literally , `` i wo n't call the devil '' . 
   i ca n't remember when was the last year we did n't have forest fires in the south . 
  when i was a kid , probably . 
  there was n't a year without forest fires , they are a natural occurence , human factor just multiplies their number . 
  you just did n't care as a kid , and there were less tourists , therefore less people on the coast during dry summer months , so maybe less forest fires . 
  but they were always happening . 
   why should anyone in croatia care that this bridge has the commisions suppport . 
  because commission support , in this case , means eu funds . 
  i suppose so . 
  you suppose slow . 
  ha , i can do it too . 
  alright , if this was a battle of wits , we 'd both lose . 
  yes . 
  slavonian here , you 're right , slavonia never forgets , never forgives !, 
  now excuse me , this discussion gave me a craving for kebab from albanian fast food shop down the street . . 
  obviously in a few years there wo n't be anyone to work in those towers / s, 
  it 's because zagreb 's office towers are n't built in a cluster but in east-west line along that big avenue . 
  or in other words , there was no plan to make a zagreb `` city '' , investors built towers where it was most affordable , but on or close to main roads . 
  true , borna may have nothing to do with croats . 
  croats may be a tribe with 5 villages under vassalage by borna 's guduscani . 
  or something else , who knows . 
  nevertheless , there is continuity in title of `` duke of dalmatia and liburnia '' which became inherently croatian ( owned by a leader who also called himself duke of croats ) , and `` dukedom of dalmatia and liburnia '' became dukedom of croatia . 
  as i say , screw ethnicity , there is too much uncertainty about it , so i see it as clear continuity of two states , from ruler to ruler , even if they 're not from the same tribe ( in ethnic or political meaning , does n't matter ) , they inhabit the same area and carry the same titles . 
  borna is clear predecessor of croatia 40 years later because that croatia is also dukedom of dalmatia and liburnia . 
  ljudevit also has such continuity , he was replaced by other frankish and bulgarian rulers over the same political unit , but this lower pannonia or `` savia '' seems to have dissapeared as a political unit and there is no provable link between lower pannonia and later slavonia of zvonimir , or from zvonimir to bans of slavonia under hungary . 
  dalmatia of borna and dalmatia of trpimir show this connetion , and from trpimir the political continuity is more or less clear until present day . 
  i do n't care for ethnicity . 
  when i say croats , i mean people of croatian state which was at the time in dalmatia . 
  that 's why i say around split . 
  but as for maps , i think they 're too much for charles ' times . 
  ljudevit 's and borna 's states seem to be just two among many , maybe the most prominent , but nothing suggest dominant or biggest among sclavinias . 
  they just had the fortune to border franks and be their vassals , unlike the more eastern ones , so they were mentioned in the annals . 
  i think both ljudevit and borna led a coalition of tribes against each other , while their own core territory was quite limited . 
  croats , having won , were set up as major frankish agents/vassals in the region which made them expand territory in the next 50-100 years to about what is in the maps you posted , while savians , having been defeated , were fragmented even more , and suffered yet more from hungarian incursions , so that they never developed a proper state with strong leadership in slavonia like croats did in dalmatia . 
  in short , i think these maps of yours are too generous for year 814 . 
  it was mostly like that . 
  franks ruled pannonia savia , between sava and drava , including syrmia ( fru\u0161ka gora = frankish mountain ) and dalmatian croats who lived from gorski kotar and primorje to around split . 
  both dalmatian and slavonian part could be a little fatter , but no one knows exact borders , this is as good representation as any . 
  what the ... what britain ? 
  [ i said the same thing about britain ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6k865n/romance_language_speakers_in_europe_1187x1103/djk5ana/ ) in the comment right next to yours . 
  i 'm saying what i wrote ( three times ) , nothing more or less . 
  i have no idea what are you on about . 
  the point is that the islands are n't hard to understand because of romance languages , but because it 's just another , albeit very odd , evolution of slavic ( croatian ) , what makes them hardest to understand is n't italian influenced vocabulary but the weird ways grammar , accents and pronounciation evolved . 
  this is the third time i 'm writing this . 
  a dictionary of italian borrowings and noble families do n't make a dialect . 
  croatian dialects are first distinguished by how they diverged from common ancestor , and they diverged in a way that each developed different way declinations , different pronounciations and word changes . 
  it 's a matter of linguistics , not of local-patriotism . 
   edit : have you ever been on any of the inhabited islands or in a coastal towns ? 
  if you are from the inlands i bet you do n't understand many of what they say . 
  i 'm from slavonia and do n't understand them , but that has nothing to do with dalmatian . 
  sure , they have some romance influences and they had them when dalmatian was still around , but most of it comes from venetian which was prominent trading language of the adriatic for last 700 years or so . 
  still , it is not why i barely understand them , the biggest problem comes from simply different evolution of slavic grammar and pronounciation . 
  yes , some of it is influenced by venetian , but largely it 's just different evolution of slavic . 
  \u010cakavian , kajkavian and \u0160tokavian are diverged in their slavic core due to geographic separation , not because of foreign influences . 
  we 're squabbling like a divorced couple . 
  also the river extension and extra square actually did remind me of male and female signs in relation to squabbling like a couple . 
  is n't it the rule in the eu that all fishermen can fish in territorial waters of any eu country ? 
  wait until we need to find a way around ottomania omicron iv to bring spice from hindune , and we accidentally stumble upon a whole new uncharted sector of space full of latinum adorned , jaguar skinned natives of azteka prime . 
  i wonder what people think i meant by this to warrant downvotes . 
  i do n't think so , and i do n't really care if we did . 
  we find oil , it 's ours , that 's all that matters . 
  we got the dragonja border our way , that stupid hill no one cares about , and we keep the territorial waters in the corridor . 
  ra\u0107an-drnov\u0161ek would have given slovenia those waters , completely . 
  i 'm one croat who thinks we 're both sufficiently unhappy with the arbitration that it can be called a succesfull compromise . 
  i would sign it . 
  uredba : but we ca n't sign it now without losing face , when we already pulled out . 
  i have no idea what will happen now . 
  i just want it finished . 
  edit2 : lol , i wrote `` uredba '' without even thinking . 
  haha . 
  in either case , i think i know what could happen . 
  the arbitration will be used as grounds for bilateral agreement , with maybe minor changes and trades . 
  slovenia will claim it 's just finishing what the arbitration started , croatia will claim it has nothing to do with arbitration . 
  both are right in front of their people [ and we shall have ... peace ] ( http://pocketnow.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/powerrrrr.jpg ) . 
  [ i see something like this ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/male-female-symbols-3154445.jpg ), 
  dalmatian language was spoken deep into middle ages on much of the coast and the islands . 
  after slavic migration it quickly fell into minority language , but the upper classes were bilingual in dalmatian and later venetian ( which replaced dalmatian ) . 
  it most definitely beats the romance usage in britain by few centuries . 
  dalmatian hinterland and the islands were always poor with shrinking population . 
  hinterland also suffered in every war we ever had . 
  they 're the most typical blue regions , like everywhere in the world . 
  coastal cities , specially split , are where half of people from hinterland settled ( other half went to new world ) . 
  there is even a social division between `` vlaji '' ( vlachs , derogatory name for people from inner dalmatia on the coast ) and urban natives , exactly on the fact that they turned cities more peasantly and conservative . 
  this is also present in zagreb towards bosnians and specially hercegovinians .
