  two or three times in my life . 
  at least once in bosnia , and i think a tourist in dalmatia . 
  venice , slovenia and austria ( several places ) . 
  i went to school during the war , and just after , so there was n't much traveling . 
  wait , this is n't properly explained to you . 
  burek is a pastry with meat , but it can be made with any kind of filling ( cheese , fruits , vegetables ) . 
  in bosnia only the one with meat is called burek , while others have other names . 
  in other countries we call them all burek with x ( meat , cheese , potato etc ) . 
  it always gets bosnians mad . 
  burek is ottoman food which developed into several versions in post-ottoman countries , yugoslavians mostly consider it a bosnian dish , or originating in bosnia or at least bosnians make them the best . 
  i 'm not sure if our version truly originates only in bosnia , as serbia and macedonia were also part of ottoman empire and probably made it too since ottoman times . 
  in croatia and slovenia burek is definitely bosnian dish brought by bosnian immigrants . 
   it 's ridiculous to claim those are just dialects of croatian language , while serbian standard is supposed to be a completely different language although it 's 99 % intelligible this is not how it goes at all . 
  croatian language means two things : 1 . 
  language of croats , who speak three dialects : \u010dakavian , kajkavian and \u0161tokavian . 
  croatian standard language which is specific codification of \u0161tokavian dialect which is used officially by the state of croatia . 
  language of croats can be also called yugoslavian , serbo-croatian , illyrian , but it specifically denotes the dialects spoken by croatian people who call it croatian . 
  it does n't have to be any different from language of serbs , or language of bosnians ( which use different set of dialects and call them by other collective name ) or even language of slovenes which is just another bunch of kajkavian dialects . 
  croatian standard language is completely different from serbian standard language because they have different vocabulary and different grammar and if you 're not following those rules , you 're not using it correctly . 
  crkva sv ( etog ) ivana = church of s ( ain ) t john . 
  crkva svetih \u010cirila i metoda = church of saints cyrill and methodius . 
  marije od luka = church of st. mary of onions it 's always church of saint xy . 
   with national teams , there is no signing anybody , so you ca n't think like that . 
  no , but national team is made up of 24 or so players out of hundreds who play in national leagues and abroad . 
  it takes a lot of work to find a good player , best player for each position from that huge number , and then train them in a very short time to play well together as a group , which is up to the manager and his team to accomplish . 
  so basically scouting for the best player is much like buying and selling players . 
  sometimes a good player who plays excellent in a club simply does n't work well in nt in the same position , but you do n't want to lose his obvious talent so you look for compromise , another position for him and another player in his place . 
  i speak my own english . 
  no one who 's second language is english speaks in an english dialect unless they 've lived a long time in primarily english speaking society . 
  feeling that we 're both europeans ? 
  what else do you need ? 
  what links me with someone from opposite end of croatia , say istrians ? 
  completely different history , different mentality , architecture , language ( it 'd probably be accepted as different languages if we were not in same country and same people ) . 
  what about dalmatia ? 
  ok , language is a bit more similar , i can understand non-islanders , but nothing else connects us except that we are in the same country and identify as same people . 
  northwestern croats are close , but there 's plenty of differences that i would easily call them foreigners if they were n't in the same country , because they 're no more similar to me than slovenians , slovakians or hungarians . 
  not even in language , i do n't really hear the difference between kajkavian and slovenian . 
  so all we really have in common is that we 're croats . 
  and that 's all we need for europe too . 
  one country , one people , one fuhr ... oh wait . 
  nobody cared , but most people were at least somewhat sympatethic since most of us were refugees . 
  however , people from other parts of the country kept asking if we 're oveflooded with refugees . 
  we 're at serbian border and migrants were transported through our town ( train did n't even stop , though ) . 
  how to explain that half a million migrants passed through , and i never saw one . 
  actually i did see two , right in the opening days of the crisis , before the mass even came to croatian border . 
  they happen , and they 're not open for anyone , and guests do n't have to bring anything ( the host takes care of food and booze ) , but there 's no culture . 
  it 's just something that 's done occasionally . 
  while there is a lot of knowledge and talk about everything american , this is an american talking from his own point of view . 
  people will naturally talk in english with him , and about topics which are familiar to him . 
  i do n't own a car , i do n't need one and i do n't like driving . 
  i own an apartment , but i do n't live there , but with my dad . 
  it 's cheaper and i do n't really want to live alone , it 's boring . 
  and technically his car is my car if i want to use it , but i do n't . 
  i could afford both a car and to live alone and i own my own place , but i do n't want to . 
  i 'm not pressured by some mythical idea that i should move out just because i 'm over 18 or over 30 . 
  i 'll move out when i have my own family to live with . 
  seeing how i live in one ( 33000 ) and i 'm quite fond of it , i 'd say my [ vinkovci ] ( http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v293/cropoet/ssc/p6010024.jpg ), 
  archeology shows 7000 years old continous settlement in various areas of the town . 
  there was 4000bc archeological culture named after it 's location in town ( sopot ) as it was the major site of that culture . 
  there was a walled celtic settlement which was taken by romans and rebuilt , nearby , into a roman colony named cibalae or cibalis in 3rd century , which covered modern town center . 
  it was a walled town of around 20 000 , gave two emperors ( valens and valentinian i ) and site of the battle between constantine the great and licinius . 
  in migration period cibalae was conquered , mostly ruined , but settled by gepids , and after them by avars and slavs . 
  next significant settlement grew outside the northern gates of cibalae in 11th century and was called st. elias , it had a church which was replaced by a bigger church in 14th century , the oldest standing structure today . 
  we did n't have a castle or anything , though , since we were a market town under authority of nearby fort ( which was at much more suitable defensive location , and we were surrounded by several other smaller forts ) and owned by a feudal family , however it seems things were developing towards st. elias becoming semi-urban settlement , but then ottomans happened . 
  ottomans devastated the areas so that st. elias had only some 30 houses in 17th century and nearby village of vinkovci ( vincent 's ) , which lay at the very heart of old cibalae , overgrew it in importance by the time ottomans were thrown out in 1699 . 
  then austrians built a new military command center at vinkovci which was when modern town took it 's shape , and quickly swallowed st. elias and a bunch of other small villages and hamlets which became modern suburbs . 
  unfortunately , there is absolutely nothing left of cibalis , all the material was reused for construction over the centuries and what little remained above ground was leveled when austrians were building modern town , and we did n't get a modern fort either from austrians since we 're not at suitable location and are between three great and expensive 18th century forts ( slavonski brod , osijek and petrovaradin/novi sad ) . 
  we just had a commander of local military district living here . 
  and when military frontier was abolished , we did n't even get to be a county seat since another nearby town was already a county seat , so we did n't get any nice palaces and fancy buildings . 
  all in all , we were quite unlucky to have amazing history and very little to show for it . 
  so all in all , you can say we 're 8000 years old ( continous settlement ) or 1700 years old ( original urban settlement ) or 900 years old ( a settlement of current culture with direct continuity to modern town ) or 300 years old ( modern urban settlement under this name , although vinkovci as a village or hamlet probably existed before 17th century as a satelite village of st. elias ) . 
  under the arch into the port luke carries a bow and onions . 
  there are several chinese goods shops in the center of my town , owners are all chinese and are living here with their families . 
  there 's not that many of them in total number ( couple of dozen probably ) but walk around the center and you 'll usually see one pass by . 
  venice set the standard as the richest and most powerful city in the adriatic , even the towns which were never ruled by venice copied venetian architecture . 
  however , they are all part of common cultural sphere and this kind of architecture is direct continuation from before venice existed ( illyrian-venetian-greek cultural sphere which extended to both coasts , then roman and `` byzantine '' , followed by venetetian dominion during the reneissance ) . 
  eastern and northern adriatic share a common history since long before even rome grew into an empire , it 's simply demanded by geography . 
  never heard of it . 
  there are only variations on how a in kaj is pronounced , some subdialects pronounce it more like o. i think . 
  i 'm deep in \u0161tokavian territory . 
  i did not know bohemia is just one region . 
  that actually happened in croatia . 
  it was just the western of three kingdoms , but slavonia and dalmatia were eliminated from the name and state symbols a century ago . 
  it probably was n't that controversial as it was at the hight of yugoslavism and uniting was on everyone 's mind ... for a short time . 
  in 1991 we were at least put in voat of arms again and now many want regions removed again . 
  as slavonian i do not agree . 
  germanizmi were common all over northern croatia including slavonia , and also in vojvodina . 
  but they faded away a lot due to post ww2 feelings , immigration from bosnia and lika and influence of standard croatian , all of which specially hit slavonia . 
  old zagreb kajkavian was proper kajkavian , but modern zagreb dialect is very watered-down version of kajkavian mixed with \u0160tokavian and many people do n't even speak it , just pick up the accent and few words . 
  proper kajkavian is spoken from karlovac to mura and east to koprivnica . 
  maybe beyond , but these are the major towns . 
  i ca n't really think of any other ending to \u010ceh which would sound normal to speakers of non-slavic languages . 
  only alternative is bohemia . 
  you just need to get used to few basic differences and you can have regular conversations with slovenians . 
  i say that as a slavonian , i imagine it 's much easier to kajkavians , if they have any problem at all . 
  same goes for macedonian and bulgarian , although the case-less caveman talk is something that 's hard to get used to . 
  edit : but then it may just be me . 
   it sounds retarded , but thanks to our government , it is one of the official names of the country . 
  i always thought saying the full state name in english sounds retarded . 
  it 's \u010ce\u0161ka in croatian .
