international trains out of croatia were canceled when first group of 200 refugees reached slovenian border . 
  hungary was already building the fence . 
  we were literally abandoned and isolated . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong , while i do think we had to be arseholes towards hungary and dump refugees to them again , hungary could just turn them back and we 'd end up really screwed . 
  there is still a glimmer of hope that we can find a way to cooperate willingly . 
  in a perfect world we 'd work together from the start , all countries from greece to germany and help greece stop non-refugees while we transfer syrians in civilized and coordinated manner to germany or wherever . 
  no need for fences in the middle of europe . 
  system ? 
  you mean just taking in refugees like croatia did for first two days , without any leaving the country ? 
  only croatia has tried that so far , not even germany . 
  i 'd certainly like to see some of our eastern neighbors try it too . 
  and see how long they last . 
  maybe it 's easier to compare to a dam . 
  croatia is a dam that 4000 refugees of water can pass through . 
  but we received a tidal wave of 10 000 refugees of water after serbia opened another dam on a tributary . 
  and this flow works only as long as refugees go on down stream , out of croatia . 
  it does n't work if they do n't have anywhere else to go . 
  maybe . 
  and maybe we were prepared to take 2-4000 people per day that travel the balkan route , but not extra 10 000 that got stuck at hungarian border and all showed up at our doorstep at once . 
  i have no problem with downvoting , i was wondering whether i anger the anti-immigrants or pro-immigrants , trying to get the feel of the sub , in a way . 
  i just did n't expect i would be so misunderstood . 
  nothing 's directed at you personally . 
  it was all just poorly written sarcasm anyway . 
  english is obviously not my first language and i could word it much better in a few edits , but editing just feels like cheating when i got so many reactions already ( through up/down voting ) . 
  oh , and would n't jesus terrier be a great name for a dog breed ? 
  and we did , for a day and a half , until we had 5000 people riot and break through police , while another 5000 sat in camps with nowhere to go . 
  if there was somewhere to go for those who entered first , then the bottleneck would n't form . 
  but our neighbors decided `` let 's hope croatia keeps them all forever '' . 
  of course , the other option was to beat the migrants and enforce order by force . 
  that is also something we promised we wo n't do . 
  he boasted about not stopping them with barbed wire and tear gas . 
  actually as far as i know all migrants do pass through refugee centers before being transported to borders . 
  milanovi\u0107 only said that we might not be able to register everyone if we are overwhelmed . 
  well good , schengen is meaningless anyway if non-schengen countries need to defend schengen from people who already passed through schengen 4 countries ago . 
  seriously ? 
  is my post so complicated ? 
  this is n't remotely what i wrote . 
  he is n't wrong in that if we allow them , the european extremist haters can solve the `` muslim question '' . 
  i suppose it 's my fault , i wrote something that requires a bit of thinking about . 
  edit : omg !, 
  is thinking so hard ? 
  tl ; dr : i wrote that our european extremists would kill all muslims if we allowed them , which means we must always struggle against our own and they are far more dangerous and damaging than worst muslims . 
  i ca n't beleive people turn this into i want to kill jews . 
  -- he is n't wrong . 
  i always said that bigger problem are our own european extremists , skinheads , xenophobes , fascists etc. 
  those who actually murder people over skin colour , religion , do damage every weekend dressed as football fans , vandalise , bully tourists and minorities and in general have done much more damage to europe than muslims will in a hundred years . 
  that is even without mentioning the time when they were in charge . 
  you see , they are our white middle class kids and we ca n't harm them . 
  them we have to educate , tolerate because we ca n't reeducate or pretend they do n't exist while they do damage . 
  muslims are much smaller problem . 
  muslims ? 
  we let the beforementioned in charge for a few years and muslim problem is solved . 
  then we just claim we were mislead . 
  edit : i wonder if the downvotes are from xenophobes who recognised themselves in my post or from people who think i 'm serious about letting them solve the muslim problem ? 
  i really do n't care whether i have upvotes or downvotes , just interested . 
  those are usually called world wars . 
  i just became more convinced that we need to integrate and work more together . 
  why should they do that ? 
  eu is not charity , not even to it 's members . 
  countries of eu can , in general , solve their own problems even without eu , the union is a bonus , a joker to be used when absolutely needed . 
  the demining process is slow by it 's very nature and what 's left to clear would mostly stay unused land . 
  the current pace is demining is fine , there are other , greater problems . 
  i have some insights into demining business in croatia , and it exists mainly thanks to international donations these days . 
  i would n't call that complete lack of care . 
  croatians are very conscious of landmines and where they are . 
  it 's not like we forgot about them for 20 years and now remembered . 
  are we so terrible to try and prevent random people from getting hurt too ? 
  svebor already said it . 
  upvoting him . 
  my dad was in the army during the war in croatia , he let me hold his ak47 once . 
  he returned it when he was discharged . 
  i have n't seen unofficial firearm since . 
  only police and security guards carrying it . 
  but i know a bunch of soldiers have n't returned their weapons after the war and have them hidden . 
  it 's not something you say or show in public , though . 
  although i did shoot a bb gun once in weekend house in the forest . 
  i shot a stag beetle on the tree . 
  did n't care for it . 
  people who did let go of the past do n't talk about it , so you do n't even know they exist . 
  seriously , why is it written with a ch ? 
  croatian google asks `` why australia on eurosong '' and '' ** why is ** australia inhabited continent '' . 
  you know how people sometimes say one thing , but you hear something completely different and completely miss the point and then lash out with random nonsense and no one knows what drugs are you on ? 
  because that 's what 's happened now . 
   however i disagree with the statement that schools teaches national mythology instead of real history . 
  you just gave an example of what lithuanians learn , which is bullshit . 
  i know what i learned . 
  i do n't know what you learned or what germans learn , but i know 99 % of the people i 've met in real life or the internet , no matter where they 're from , have completely skewed and fake notion ( not just knowledge ) of history . 
  and most of it comes from school education . 
  school systems do n't teach history , they teach kids to be proud and loyal citizens , and that 's what most people know about history . 
  of all the sciences and subjects , history suffers the most in school . 
  couple this with most people 's natural preference towards intentionally believing myths because they are more appealing , the result are the downvotes you get . 
  objective history is hugely unpopular among the masses because they were educated in mythology , it gives very little definitive answers and it 's boring , without great symbolic events and heroic figures that nationalistic mythology offers . 
  or at least , people have the natural desire to know everything , the whole story . 
  objective history is ... well it has more plot holes than steven seagal 's movie . 
  i was speaking of the past , the roles are reversed now , and they will reverse again , once someone realizes that a country ca n't live only from it 's beaches , and government decides to throw a bone or two in this direction of zagreb . 
  also , i have nothing to be proud of istria or any other region , whatever is there is not my work to be proud of it . 
  i 'm proud of being able to have a business and survive in this forgotten shithole solely due to my own persistence , my taxes paying for building pretty marinas on the coast and tourism videos in which my region is shown for 3 seconds - as empty wheat field . 
  if we get even that . 
  greetings from [ the shitty part . 
  ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/27372691.jpg ),
