  yes , we do n't have semi-abandoned villages that no one could afford to invest in for centuries , so they kept the medieval look . 
  ironic that we celebrate diversity , but show one village from countries which are very diverse and villages from different parts of the country look nothing alike . 
  this croatian village here , it 's as foreign to me as , i do n't know , portugese . 
  this is what i think of as a village : http://www.izlog.info/tmp/hcjz/slike/foto_vijest/x564110303445452553.jpg http://www.sbplus.hr/_data/galerija/140504232510972.jpg, 
  awesome , then i 'm still too young . 
  \u017divotinjsko carstvo ( animal kingdom ) by kra\u0161 . 
  it 's a tiny , thin chocolate with which you get a sticker of an animal to put in an album collection , but that 's besides the point . 
  of all the chocolates , i find it the tastiest , and the fact that it 's so tiny always makes you wanting for more and more and more . 
  few people know that ku\u010dan and tu\u0111man met the day before declaring independence from yugoslavia . 
  here 's the transcript : k : hey , big t , how ` bout we create our own yugoslavia !, 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  t : in fact forget yugoslavia . 
  and here we are . 
  also what was eastern poland is empty . 
  all very natural effect of large scale migration . 
  people naturally colonize into central locations and then spread outwards from them , but since this happened in middle 20th century when people everyhwere moved into the cities , and not to villages , there was no settlement outwards . 
  nope , germany still beats ireland tenfold . 
  in germany people have connections , someone who 's already there to help them find a job and place to stay . 
  yes , offending croatia which worked for 10 years on adjusting to eu regulations by making it wait for other countries , or allowing them to enter without going through the same process , would surely lead to unifying the region . 
  not her , that 's coco something . 
  law of criminal procedure , article 360 , section 6 . http://www.zakon.hr/z/174/zakon-o-kaznenom-postupku also reason . 
  specially in rape case it would be ironic ( in a dark way ) that someone who was made to do sexual relations without consent would have to make legal settlements about it without consent . 
  he/she 'd be literally raped by the law . 
  also , state ( attorney ) is representing the injured party , not the state . 
  if you read higher up the articles about the rights of the parties in the case ( article 43 and on ) , you will see that the parties are the injured party ( the victim of the crime ) and the accused . 
  the injured party is clearly the rape victim , not the state . 
  unless the crime was commited against the state , naturally , like against state property , terrorism , corruption , etc. 
  yeah , i 'm not arguing this topic , too complex and i really do n't care to write huge posts over this and convince anyone anything . 
  in short , in certain types of crimes and in certain circumstances i find settlements a favorable outcome . 
  neither did i come to discuss law and justice , i just came to state a few facts about the case . 
  edit : although i did start everything with `` it 's her right '' and now i 'm sorry i wrote anything . 
  ffs , i am merely informing that croatia is not `` letting them go for money '' , it is the victim who made the out of court deal . 
  and it is her right . 
  it does n't matter if she was poor or anything , she has the right to be compensated in money if she wants . 
  she is the wounded party , not the state , the state is here to administer justice on her request , therefore when she says the case is settled , the case is settled . 
  no , i mean that the victim decides whether to accept the deal or not . 
  i mean that the victim must give approval for such deal to be made between prosecutor and defender . 
  it is not forced upon the victim . 
  deal like this must be accepted by the victim . 
   word dacha derives from ` given ' interestingly , in croatian da\u0107a is an old word for tax ( feudal tax , for instance , not just in money ) . 
  same etymology , that which is given . 
  edit : while these weekend houses we call exactly like that - vikendice . 
  though ours are usually either by the sea or by the rivers . 
  i mean it 's ok , it 's the name of the country , but when did that happen ? 
  i 've known it as bjelorusija . 
  slavonia is n't mentioned at all any more , apparently . 
  i was in pecs , that 's just across the border from slavonia basically . 
  when ever i told slavonia , i got blank looks . 
  it had to be croatia ( and pronounced kroatsia for those who did n't know english , for some reason i did n't think of saying horvatorszag , but then maybe i was subconsciously afraid they 'd think i know hungarian ) for people to understand , and then they would start yelling dalmatia !, 
  at me , and i 'd say no , slavonia ! , and we 'd be back at the beginning . 
  except for the nice lady in gift shop in siklos castle who , on hearing we 're from croatia said she knows a bit of slawish ( ? ), 
  because she was in czechia and then said something ( ? ), 
  to prove it . 
  i nodded and smiled . 
  still nice gesture . 
  though i was a bit confused by all the surprise with tourists from croatia , everyone i know in slavonia has visited pecs at least once and went to smaller places in baranya several times , back in the days for shopping when hungary was cheap , and later to harkany pools or generally to be tourist . 
  siklos castle was , for some reason , full of russian ( or maybe ukrainian ) graffiti written by obviously high school kids . 
  or they were imprisoned there , who knows , it was in the dungeon . 
  oh , and there 's plenty of visiting in the other direction , every once in a while i see hungarian tourists and i 'm in a small town closer to bosnia than to hungary , osijek gets a bunch more , again probably people from baranya on day visits . 
  one would expect more familiarity among the peoples , but i suppose language difficulty prevents proper interaction . 
  what for ? 
  nothing illegal has been done and if people feel cheated , they 'll vote differently next time . 
  plus it 's cold outside . 
  over half of croatia and 3/4 of croatian population is quite far from the sea and not very similar to what most tourists see . 
  that 's the actual name of djed bo\u017ei\u010dnjak , the grandfather christmas , and we 're discussing the christmas present he gave us this year , him : http://i.imgur.com/o9udxz1.jpg, 
  what do you mean ? 
  there was a question and i answered it . 
  mot my fault someone does n't like the answer . 
  no , we discussed it in a civilized language , we 're both right . 
  croatia has bigger inner culural differences , except ours are real and compressed into the size of a garbage truck . 
  every place has cultural differences , the fact you emphasize yours just shows how little you know of outside world . 
  do n't take this as personal insult , it 's not intended that way to be personal nor insult . 
  more of an observation . 
  better than german lands or polish voivodships , but i do n't really care to know much about internal provincial divisions of countries . 
  edit : cultural differences within the us are not the basis for needing to know us states . 
  they have no sovereignity , us has it as federation . 
  us is a country and the fact is that most people know more about american inner divisions than russian , french or chinese , let alone congolese or argentinian and that should be enough . 
  they just do n't matter as much as knowing sovereign countries which is basic geography . 
  if bulgarian sabranie is translated as assembly , then croatian sabor , exactly the same word , should also be translated as assembly . 
  also it means assembly . 
  palace of the assembly . 
  borovo and varteks at least are still working . 
  that is , of course , if you assume good guys know who are the bad guys and do n't just start shootging at suspicious people because they can . 
  besides , the worst thing that happens around where i live is a theft in an empty house . 
  the only murder in my town which was n't related to family violence was in fact an uncle shooting a sneaking nephew during the night . 
  nephew was indeed robbing him . 
  did n't make the uncle feel any better when he saw who he killed . 
  though that 's still a kind of family violence and i 'm not sure if that happened in my town . 
  i do n't remember that anyone else was hurt in some kind of crime related activity during my lifetime . 
  people with guns would probabl\u010dy change that . 
  sure , true that . 
  there 's also a chance that more random fistfights and yelling arguments may end up with lethal result . 
  innocent bystanders of heroic deed of stopping a crime can get killed , guns do n't really chose who they hit . 
  police are far more afraid of random citizen being armed and dangerous leading to how american police acts , it 's for their own safety . 
  more weapons at home means more chance for accidents , the worst ones are with children . 
  simply too many negative variables against few positive . 
  how would a lot of people carrying weapons make anyone safer ? 
  it would make seeing an armed person a normal thing instead a danger . 
  plenty of legal weapons would just make illegal weapons more available and cheaper . 
  there 's literally no upside to it .
