  that is asylum aplications , not registration . 
  different things . 
  the idea was to transport them from greece to germany or austria or any few countries which want to cooperate , to register them in trains or , milanovi\u0107 offered in croatia , to save money and health of migrants who are going to make the journey anyway . 
  but then how would countries blame each other and build fences if everything was done in cooperation and went smoothly . 
   because i am pretty sure slovenia is the first country that has registered them . 
  is that what your media and politicians tell you ? 
  why do you think we bring everyone into camps before sending them onward ? 
  everyone is registered in every country . 
  well most of them . 
  no , you could proceed to university from any 4 year high school , specially if you stayed within your wider profession . 
  i mean , you can , not could , because at least in croatia that system ( 8 +4 + university ) is still going ) . 
  there are also 3 year schools from which you ca n't go to university . 
  i 'm pretty sure a waiter is a 3 year school . 
  so walls are excellent defence except when they are n't . 
   it helped the chinese for centuries you mean those centuries when china was ruled by mongols or those centuries when china was ruled by manchurians ? 
  both are behind the great wall . 
  then be angry at austria , they took everyone from hungary for the last month , no quotas , no limits . 
  and do n't be angry at us for your inability to control the migrants . 
  and why are n't you angry at serbia or greece , countries twice our size and twice the number of police , who are doing the same thing ( not stopping the migration ) . 
  little poor macedonia is survivng , so will you . 
  do n't be angry at all , after a month you wo n't care any more . 
  we drive them directly from tovarnik only when opatovac camp is full with 5000 people , and it 's only full because you are n't letting people in so we have nowhere to put the thousands that enter . 
  for some reason you think we do n't have medical emergencies , for some reason you think we do n't register them , for some reason you think you are better than us . 
  smooth system is when you do n't obstruct , right now you are the bottleneck and we and serbia have to somehow hold off thousands because you ca n't handle the pressure . 
  it 's ok , you 'll work it out . 
  you do n't believe it 's possible for serbia to do the same and you base it on nothing . 
  but we are cheating and dishonest and everyone shall see how bad we are . 
  eh , sorry but that 's pure hate . 
  do n't get me wrong , not a murderous hate , but it 's clear you 're so angry you do n't see reason . 
  it 's a kind of hate too . 
  now , we 're in this mess together , and out of international friendship ( and we 're closer to each other than most other nations , too ) i want to help you see reason . 
  this is when few thousand migrants showed up in the middle of nowhere when they were n't expected . 
  i remember i was pissed at se4rbia too . 
  then we just put them on a train and did the same to hungary . 
  i do n't even mind serbia sqaying they 're not transporting people , everyone deals with this crysis their own way and they decided to at least earn some money . 
  this is what happens when we try sending you people at pre-agreed spots . 
  http://www.jutarnji.hr/dramaticna-situacija-s--izbjeglicama--kako-dalje--slovenija--prestala-prihvacati-izbjeglice--tisuce-pred--granicama--pale-deke-da-se-ugriju/1440773/ you see , you do n't let them in until you are ready , but then they sit in rain and cold for hours and we have to take care of them , and they get angry and start rioting , all on our territory , and it 's up to us to calm them down . 
  they want to move , they want to see progress , and not stand on the borders , then they get a feeling they are blocked from continuing and will want to either break through with group mentality , or find alternate routes - forests and hill paths . 
  but it 's ok , i 'm sure slovenia will learn . 
  in fact , i see in the news it 's happening in slovenia and they are breaking through to austria , in fact was n't there even a report that austria complained that 1000 migrants showed up unexpected ? 
  yes there was , i 'll find it if you 'll insist . 
  give it another day or two , and we 'll get a smooth system going , you 're still new at this . 
  and you 'll see that there is no reason to be ungry at any country behind or in front of you on the route because we 're just helpless pawns here . 
  and that there we can agree on where to transport them , but not on how many , that is impossible . 
  you 'll learn to be quick and efficient and one day germany will have enough and the crysis will pass . 
  oh , so you 're both ignorant and hateful . 
  why did n't you say so before , so that i do n't have to waste time with you . 
  you 're exactly where we were a month ago . 
  exactly the same words , exactly the same blame . 
  you 'll get used to it and do the same , austria will be angry at you , and then they 'll be doing the same to germany . 
  welcome to the balkan route . 
  if we tell you where they come , you put a hundred police and prevent them to cross . 
  then we have a thousand people on our side for which we have to take care of until you decide you 're willing to take them . 
  which may be never . 
  meanwhile we have 10000 people waiting in camp or at our border to enter the country . 
  sorry guys , but you are creating the bottleneck . 
  you either close the border or take everyone , no middle way . 
  if you wo n't take everyone , then we 'll dump them at you and force you to take them . 
  it 's what every country behind us did to every other country on the route because every other country on the route tried to do what you try for a day or two ... until reality hits them . 
  we ca n't stop the flow , only greece , turkey and germany can . 
  tear gas stopped those 100 men who were attacking the fence for an hour . 
  busses organised by serbia took those five thousand behind them to croatia . 
  it was n't the fence , it was serbia redirecting the route to prevent bloodshed . 
  it worked for a day , then they passed to hungary through croatia . 
  now it works because it 's diverted to slovenia . 
  fence is n't stopping people , serbia and croatia stopped sending people to hungary . 
  if people tried going through the fence , they would . 
  or they would find a way around it , under it , in any case it would result in much more needless problems when people just want to go to germany , and who are we to stop them if germany receives them ? 
  when germany stops accepting people , greece starts arresting smugglers who reach their shore and turkey arrests them in turkey , then something can be done . 
  not building fences in the middle of the route . 
  how clever . 
  if your town is flooded , no amount of sandbags will save one street . 
  they would be both processed and dropped off wherever you want if you cooperated and took them . 
  but we have way too many people to deal with thanks to you acting as if you can control the numbers . 
  here 's the ugly truth : if you wo n't take them in , we 'll give them to you at places where you ca n't stop them from getting in . 
  because otherwise we 're having a disaster on our side . 
  and our border with serbia is easy to control , but the one with bosnia is n't and we must do anything to prevent a new route forming through bosnia . 
  if they start entering through bosnia , we wo n't be dropping off 1000 people at your border at specific places , expect complete chaos and people constantly entering in small groups all over the border , from mura to adriatic , uncontrolled . 
  hungary secured their own border and screwed up their neighbors . 
  they just redirected the flow . 
  fence is n't so useful when people have nowhere else to go but through it . 
  you 're not exactly giving us a chice . 
  you want 2000 people per day , but reality is that there are 5000-10000 passing . 
  we 're not going to allow a build up of migrants in croatia . 
  at least be grateful we spared you of migrants so far and sent all to hungary . 
  not completely our choice , remember that we tried sending around thousand daily to slovenia , and rest to hungary , when first they came to us a month ago and you plainly rejected them and turned them back or received only women and children and left other to stand at border infinitely . 
  now if you 're not going to play by any rules , neither are we . 
  that 's at least my explanation . 
  we are not accepting them , read the article . 
  only how can many fit into opatovac camp . 
  there are 2000 waiting on serbian side . 
  but once theose 2000 decide it 's time to move one , there is no stopping them and they 'll come to slovenian border and there 's no stopping them . 
  except shoot at them . 
  why should we shoot at them when germany invites them ? 
  people migrate to major cities , there is nothing odd about vienna . 
  16 % of austria 's population are non-austrian and they are of many backgrounds . 
  in fact , the fact that they are all lumped together as simply `` immigrants '' is a problem of a host country and society , not of immigrants . 
  however i doubt 38,8 % of vienna 's population live segregated , and that 's counting people with `` partial immigrant background '' , whatever that means . 
  incidentally , 20 % of the people in my small town are foreign born and basically everyone is of `` immigrant background '' , including me ( by grandfather ) . 
  yet 90 % are declaring as croats .
