  it 's not that bad looking at all [ from up close ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.771683,15.9940677,3a,75.2y,135.99h,119.55t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sknmqpnmqos6plb3hqrd1tw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=hr ) . 
   unless you meant that people in istria and dalmatia are more likely to study italian in school . 
  ( do they even have italian in continental schools ? ), 
  they have ... 
  i mean * we have * , in some gymnasiums . 
  there 's also private language schools . 
  i 'd say italian is at 2 % in slavonia . 
  maybe 5 % at best . 
  which makes it around 25 % on the coast . 
  it 's not a map about native speakers anyway . 
  mojo ? ... 
  pastir ... ovce ... 
  i think i 'm hearing vuk or am i just expecting the wolf because it 's a story about sheep ? 
  this is officially the least understandable slavic dialect i have ever heard , although it probably could be better on a clearer recording and maybe someone else speaking it . 
  i remember this exact map being posted probably on the same day last year , because i remember commenting something about o\u017eujsko beer . 
   the delimitations were about the repartition of resources for the elite , they had no lasting influence on the identity of people living in those territory . 
  if we are talking historically , then the opinion of a commoner did n't matter as they held no power of opinion . 
  context . 
  furthermore , there was limited need to motivate common people to fight ( but when there was , all throughout history religion , pride , patriotism , greed , vengeance served their purpose just like today . 
  citizen armies were common in classical antiquity ) since there was no logistical capability to field gigantic armies until ww1 . 
  armies were composed mostly of professional volunteer soldiers . 
  edit : i 'm using armies as an example , you can say the same about economy . 
  even society as a whole , lower classes just did n't factor into it until deep into modern era ... except when they did ( again , context , different times , different places , different situations ) . 
  we are not arguing about lines on the map or their unpassability by commoners . 
  borders just designate separation of posessions , who owns posessions is important . 
  you say `` the focus was the centers of power '' which is n't true , the focus was alway posession of resources , it does n't matter if posessor was a person on the top of a hierarchy or legal entity empowered by citizenry and it does n't matter if resource is a forest with it 's meat and timber or a hill with a quarry or village with food and taxes . 
  it was always about controling resources . 
  how well defined a border between resources is of lesser importance , although many are surprised to find that borders were very detailed in medieval documents . 
  even the most primitive societies have territory , a hunting grounds on which they do n't allow other groups to hunt . 
  many animals are also territorial . 
  where there is territory , there are borders , even if they 're not clearly defined by a line . 
   and this was at a decent sit-down restaurant !, 
  yet i 've had amazing \u0107evap\u010di\u0107i at little hole-in-the-wall places . 
  they are not fancy restaurant food . 
  best are from greasy looking places with cheap furniture . 
  which is true for all fast food . 
  also they 're very hit and miss case in croatia , croatia is n't really a homeland of \u0107evap\u010di\u0107i even though it 's considered `` our '' food . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autochthonous_croatian_party_of_rights this one . 
  you do n't need to look for their neo-nazism , usta\u0161e were born out of old party of rights and all new parties of rights are automatically pro-usta\u0161e . 
  the hsp you linked had few mp 's a while back and they 're the most mellow among hsp 's ( or they were when they tried to get into the mainstream politics ) . 
  right now they all collectively get about 40 000 votes . 
  but do n't let that fool you , hdz holds the entire rightist spectrum in croatia , from far right to nearly center . 
  a week does n't pass by when someone from hdz is n't in the news for far right opinions . 
  it used to be local mayors and their children , but now it 's ministers . 
  http://www.delo.si/novice/slovenija/danes-v-uporabo-zakon-o-partnerski-zvezi.html i 'm not perfect with slovenian , but does n't it say partnerske zveze are now in effect ? 
  but all i 'm finding is partnerska zveza , is this how heterosexual marriage is called in slovenian ? 
  google translate gives me poroka as translation for brak/marriage . 
  i just read croatian civil partnership law and siblings and close relatives of same gender are forbiden from civil partnershiping . 
  i 'm not asking about rights , but about the word . 
  is this actually called marriage or `` partnership '' , `` union '' etc. 
  so is this called marriage by the same word as heterosexual marriage or not ? 
  yes . 
  it 's not a word i ever heard used , but the online dictionary has jednoobrazan as uniform , homogenous ( so a bit similar meaning to your jednoli\u010dnij ) . 
  these false friends is why you ca n't count on knowing one slavic language to understand another . 
  even if ~ 70-80 % of words are basically the same ( even if some are archaic in your language ) or have roots you easily recognize , unless you know false friends , you 're bound to get the completely wrong meaning out of the sentence . 
  in croatian monotonous is jednoli\u010dno = one faced . 
  also monotono . 
  it 's a combination of jedan ( one ) and stav ( stance , attitude , posture , opinion ) . 
  nothing , he just has a milder version of conspiracy sickness . 
  `` we need the vaccines , but they 're giving us more than we need . '', 
   we barely got a few centimeters this year , this winter was more like a late autumn :o except for last three months of temperatures in the range of 0 to -20 , which makes it among the coldest winters in my 30 years ( i remember colder temperatures , but never so long period of freezing ) . 
  there were also two snowfalls this winter , and the other one held for at least two weeks without any melting . 
  in fact , there 's still snow from early january outside at this moment , in shadows , where it was piled up back then . 
  any other winter in last decade would be a good example of recent mild winters except this one . 
  good old days . 
  but distinction is legal , not linguistic . 
  in language town is settlement which is bigger than village and smaller than city . 
  there are no rules about population numbers in linguistics . 
  pulling population numbers from laws of other countries makes no sense because of different context . 
  there are villages with 100 000 people in some countries . 
  in croatia \u0160ibenik is one of 15 major cities and a county seat . 
  whenever i do some building , repairing or just about any kind of work around house , i hear the theme music in my head . 
  around 2010 the local film and animation fans club set up a video projector in my favorite rock bar and showed episodes of this cartoon . 
  30 long-haired guys with leather jackets and tatoos were watching this with beer and liquor . 
  only found the proper drawn animated version of [ p\u010delica maja ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzqsycvqe6e ) on fourth page on youtube , there 's a cgi version now . 
  if it makes you feel better , call it kirkuh . 
  it 's pronounced pretty much the same in english . 
  fortunately we 're not english and have logical spelling . 
  croatian and many other languages and countries do n't make distinction between town and a city . 
  there is word only for urban and rural settlements . 
  that 's completely normal among nations which had regular contact throughout history . 
  we have names and croatian spellings for a bunch of italian cities and many more went out of use . 
  even italy had a different name once , before unification it was called talijanska ( collectively , as land of italians ) , after unification we switched to italija . 
  we also have ( or had ) names for a bunch of hungarian , austrian , german , even some greek cities ( now only thessaloniki and athens ) . 
  italians have names for many croatian , slovenian , french , swiss , german , austrian cities too . 
  the city is very long but narrow , along the river , the photo from this angle does n't do it service . 
  [ it 's better from the west , behind the co-cathedral ] ( http://www.visitadriatic.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/panorama-of-osijek.jpg ) . 
  or from the [ fortress towards co-cathedral ] ( http://www.tzosbarzup.hr/userfiles/image/gallery/slavonija-osijek-drava-0027.jpg ) . 
  4 or 5 of them . 
  bulgaria must be considered slavic state at least since the rule of boris mihail and he ruled at the same time as branimir . 
  then it 's very weird indeed . 
  w. w. 1 = world war one 1 . 
  w. w. = first world war if you 'll write w 's without the dot , then you might as well write 1 without dot . 
  if you know cyrillic , russia is relatively simple to guess . 
  town names are everywhere . 
  street commercials/billboards , public transport , just find a government building and it 'll probably have a town name in huge letters . 
  and if that does n't give you a hint , the name of federal subject/region/district will also be omnipresent , you just need to find it on map . 
  this works pretty much everywhere , but i find us unusually absent of state and county names on billboards and signs , it gives me more problem than most other places . 
  this sign has continuity in finland which is separate from nazism . 
   he first one was used by 19 . century ban josip jela\u010di\u0107 when he rallied the troops he would say za dom/for home and the soliders would say spremni umrijeti/ready to die it 's been years , but i 'm still waiting for someone to give me a source for this which is n't a link to some site which just copies the claim from another site .
