  so was western europe few decades ago . 
  then it went through the whole gay rights movement and process which lasted entire generation . 
  eastern europe did n't have that process , one day homosexuality is a taboo , next day it 's supposed to be normal and accepted just like that . 
  for reference , when some we countries were already introducing same sex marriage and civil unions in early 2000 's , the matter of homosexuals even existing in society just entered ee politics . 
  it just was n't talked about until then . 
  in a way , a lot of ee accomplished in 15 years what we did in 40 . 
  the moment i saw the name i thought `` hey , look it 's a mo\u0161nja '' , but then i thought sz is n't really \u0161 and n is n't nj , so no one will get it . 
  turns out it 's exactly the same word . 
  in croatia the slavonia region is stereotypically seen as flat and covered in nothing but agricultural fields . 
  it could n't be more wrong . 
  it 's flat along the strip of sava and drava rivers and in the east along danube where 2/3 of population live . 
  [ but there are forests ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.2922724,18.7862012,51008m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=hr ) , many forests , you are never out of sight of a forest , even if they all are just tree farms basically . 
  [ the rest of slavonia ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.4473285,17.7063667,72006m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=hr ) , the western 2/3 , is sparsely populated hills . 
  stereotypically vojvodina in serbia is just the same as slavonia , flat and boring . 
  and it is . 
  half of this treeless white area in pannonian basin , the whitest southern half , is vojvodina . 
  [ it really is completely flat and completely void of forests ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.7713599,19.9142768,60611m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=hr ) , it 's unsettling to travel through it . 
  there are a few bumpy areas , no land is perfectly flat , but it trully lacks trees , except for roadside trees or backyard trees , rarely you find a lonely tree planted in a middle of wheat field , probably planted long ago to make shade for workers or mark a border of plots . 
  holy crap , i just realized it means redar . 
  the one who keeps the order . 
  it 's presently used in many contexts , historically it was also a name for police . 
  same way we identify albanians in croatia . 
  they have very albanian name or say they are albanians . 
  in fact , where in europe can you recognise another european minority by looks ? 
  only roma , only sometimes . 
  you keep forgetting that romans , that is latins and umbrians and etruscans and other italic nations of antiquity were n't the first people of italy , they also migrated into italy . 
  going back to first humans who settled in europe , since then there were waves after waves of migrations , none of them killed off previous occupants , people were migrating left and right for tens of thousands of years . 
  we only know of indo-europeans migrating to europe due to linguistics , and several migrations from historical records of last 2500 years ( and we can guess where pockets of humans lived relatively isolated through the last ice age due to genetics ) . 
  that is tiny amount of knowledge we have . 
  basically , you 're as much related to romans as you are to trikipiki who came 30 000 years ago because neither of them are genetically pure . 
  there is no such thing . 
  ( and we get penis , a phrase which means we get nothing ) . 
  yugoslavia lost one million people to ww2 . 
  this includes holocaust , combatants , civilian casualties , post war emigration of mostly germans and italians , and communist revenge . 
  rethink your numbers . 
  btw . 
  if this is an argument between komunjara and usta\u0161a , did you just call yourself an usta\u0161a , because i 'm certain you 're implying i 'm the komunjara . 
  that is the version of history told by the losers . 
   it took the commies months to reach the death toll the fascists took years that 's just not true . 
  italians put tens of thousands of croats and slovenes into concentration camps where thousands died . 
  `` loss of language '' was only temporary because italians lost . 
  but here we are , 70 years later you lament not being conquered by people who wanted to eradicate or enslave your ancestors , if not culturally , then phisically . 
  communism sucked . 
  but compared to everything we had before it , it was progress . 
  we had a semi-feudal system or call it what you will until ww1 , which had all the worst of communism and capitalism brought together . 
  then we got various artificial and failed states which were one step away from fascism , until they joined or were taken by nazis , and oh boy was it great time to be alive . 
  except you would n't be alive for long if you were one of multitude of subhuman groups or against the system or happened to be born with a deformity or liked men more than women . 
  then came the communism , killed a bunch of people who were killing a bunch of people , and for all it 's faults , it was better than before . 
  if you wanted to have it even better , call your great-great grandparents and tell them to win a revolution against the empires in 1800 's and force emperors to abdicate or give all power to parliaments ( and parliament for which you vote even if you earn less than some sum which is meant to give voting rights only to nobles and rich ) , join the industrial revolution in time and go do some colonizing , kill some natives , take their resources and complain when they move in to your country 200 years later . 
  then you would enjoy western prosperity today . 
  communism was n't what prevented prosperity , it was our whole history combined . 
   macedonian is the closest language to russian out of all official laguages of yugoslavia of all languages and dialects of yugoslavia macedonian is the least similar to russian for the sole fact that it has the most different grammar . 
  even the best maintained cities are n't filmed outside of center because there 's nothing to see there except endless streets of exactly the same houses and apartment block . 
  they may have local community areas , squares , parks etc , and they may be nicely designed and pretty , but they 're not in the center . 
  such is life . 
  how about we load 2km3 of sea water on the firefighting plane and drop it in slovenian territory ? 
  you can even chose where . 
  in which way is the rest of city shit ? 
  while ridiculously high number of croats identify as catholics , the word of catholic church is ( still ) not the law in croatia ( though they 're fighting for it ) . 
  vast majority of people use both names interchangeably . 
  actually the church does n't really like any of them since bo\u017ei\u010dnjak also has nothing to do with religious holiday of christmas . 
  their december gift-giver is st. nicholas . 
  incidentally , i do n't even remeber hearing about bo\u017ei\u010dnjak until early 1990 's . 
  we 've had st. nicholas bringing gifts at home on 6th of december , and then djed mraz would bring gifts in parents ' companies on january the 1st . 
  mraz became bo\u017ei\u010dnjak , but stuck with new years day for a few years before he migrated to christmas . 
  he was called bo\u017ei\u010dnjak only at school , though . 
  however , it 's been 25 years , for todays kids the name may not sound as unnatural and awkward as it does to me . 
  not at the time and place . 
  all sources are pretty clear in that the slavs overran the balkans and roamed free , raided and settled as they wanted . 
  only later sources , from time when romans reestablished some political control , start to mention `` invitations '' . 
  furthermore , slavs ( croats ) were antagonistic towards roman dalmatia , which they would n't be if they were allied with them . 
  there was no invitation , it 's just that the emperor few centuries later could n't really write `` they conquered our land and there was nothing we could do about it '' . 
   it 's about special forces who operate from helicopters . 
  according to [ balkan insight ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/croatia-forms-joint-special-air-forces-11-29-2016 ) :  the new joint force could be used for special missions to fight terrorism or evacuate troops from potential hostile territory in northern africa or the mediterranean , it said . 
  this is not in helicopter range . 
  nato https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategic_airlift_capability could be used , and hungary and bulgaria have transport planes of their own too . 
  croatia discarded theirs due to lack of maintenance . 
  i think in vast majority of cases this refers to alcohol and drugs numbing down a person to a point where they 're basically asleep awake , incapable of resisting or trully passed out . 
  even if she comes home with you in provocative clothing , foreplay starts ... 
  i truly believe that if she passes out or becomes basically unresponsive , but awake , it 's over . 
  does n't matter that she showed interest before , she 's no longer under any control of her body or thought . 
  speaking from my perspective here , could just as easily concern a guy , though most of us are less concerned by the act of sex itself and would care only if it affects something else ( your wife/girlfriend finds out , for instance ) but also , we do n't suffer the social dogma of sex like women do . 
  i 'm not saying there is a gender difference when it comes to rape , i 'm saying there is opinion/social difference based on gender . 
  although women are the one who get pregnant , there is also a real phisical difference . 
  i 've only seen it in serbia . 
  and tried it . 
  i 'm not sure what to think of it . 
  it 's ... wrong . 
  tommorow is sutra , which originates as `` s jutrom '' - with morning . 
  it 's camp in standard croatian and castle in kajkavian . 
  [ veliki tabor ] ( http://www.tz-kumrovec-desinic-zagorskasela.hr/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/veliki-tabor-xyz.jpg ) . 
  shame * ring ring * shame * ring ring * shame * ring ring *, 
   august is a month of harvest ( i hope , i 'm not a farmer ) it 's possible that , rather than harvesting same plant a month apart , which does n't make much sense because we 're not in that far away from each other , our ancestors simply harvested different plants . 
  ours was harvested in july and west slavs harvested theirs in august . 
  whatever it is that they grew the most . 
   `` u osmom mjesecu '' ( `` in the seventh month '' ) you lie !, 
  on a bar-bari-bar ferry . 
  i 'm sure everyone in these parts thought that . 
  i think i missed the part in the parentheses here , in the post i was answering , or it was edited after or during my long writing the post . 
   that of your parents you were a choice ( or not , that does n't really matter here ) the point was that it was n't ( in any reasonable capacity ) their choice but of all creation before them ( unless , as you say , universe is deterministic ) .
