  these statistics and words mean nothing just of themselves . 
  first generation may or may not willingly assimilate into larger society of their new home . 
  second generation already takes on qualities of their birth place through society outside family naturally . 
  they are 50-50 at worst . 
  but their children should be fully assimilated unless something is preventing this , something like second generation not being part of larger society , instead only part of immigrant society . 
  i 'm not point at austria , it 's simply generally so . 
  if a third generation has n't already fully assimilated , then they live in a closed society which is not part of larger society of a country they live in . 
  this is the case of our traditional autochtonus minorities who lived in other country for centuries while maintaining their identity , customs and culture . 
  why ? 
  because they mostly lived in villages - societies , fully populated by people of their own ethnicity , and got exposure to majority only when migrating to majority populated city . 
  modern immigrants do n't live in ethnic villages , most move into towns and cities and make only a tiny fraction of local population . 
  if they do n't assimilate fully within three generations , it means they simply do n't associate with majority population enough , and that is a problem , that 's how we got roma problem . 
  we pretend they do n't exist , and they pretend our rules and norms do n't apply to them . 
  second generation grows up as they are raised by parents , but third generation ; whatever their faults are , it 's fully the blame of the host country , it 's society and education . 
  we also have ten times longer border . 
  language matters to assimilation more than migration . 
  it 's possible that roma migration went through croatia northwards , so that people were called , or they called themselves , croats because they came from croatia , even they were in croatia only for a generation or less . 
  at the same time , croats themselves migrated to hungary and slovakia in large numbers flleing from ottomans , and over the centuries through normal migrations as we were the same country . 
  chroat is pretty similarly pronounced to hrvat , but somewhere in deeps of history ch was lost and became only c , and other languages adopted the word according to their own language sound and rules . 
  it can be unacceptable as much as it wants , it 's part of war , it 's even a weapon of war , and you wo n't get rid of it . 
  war is shocking , it contains blown up brainless heads , destroyed houses , vengeful people and has no glory , honour or innocents . 
  anyone who thinks otherwise would get a very rude awakening should they ever find themselves in a war zone . 
  any war zone , anywhere , at any time . 
  that 's exactly what you 're suggesting by saying that croatian was purged of `` serbisms '' and new words were invented to make it more different . 
  your logic dictates that serbian is more akin to proper croatian what it would have been without evil lingo-nazis . 
  because they had 1/3 of the weapons during the war . 
  there was another yugoslavia before tito . 
  in that first one , for instance , cyrillic appeared all over croatia on public buildings . 
  among other things . 
  you are not saying that croatian is sebian , you are just saying that serbian is the natural state of our language and croatian is a forced mutation which basically exists because croats do n't want to speak serbian . 
  which is rather the same thing , . 
  i thought you 're claiming it 's one of the recently invented words after one of your imaginary purges . 
  ok , i 'll be serious now :  also croatian language had two-three purges , especially around wwi and wwii and recently in the '90s . 
  serbian words were n't purged , serbian standard language was purged . 
  serbo-croatian was basically melting croatian and serbian standards into one . 
  croatian and serbian standards were created similar ( almost identical ) , but separate and what yugoslavia did was proclaim both valid everywhere . 
  much of yugoslav official vocabulary was from serbian standard like things related to politics , governance and specially military . 
  military was full serbian , despite croatian having centuries of it 's own linguistic tradition in military matters . 
  we just reversed back to our own vocabulary . 
  you are constantly confusing croatian standard language with croatian spoken language . 
  hiljadu is used by some croats even today , specially older people who grew up in yugoslavia , but also some younger people under influence of serbian popular culture ( ` iljadu kuna is more likely to be heard in turbofolk club than tisu\u0107u kuna ) . 
  that has nothing to do with what is taught at school . 
  croatian language , as collection of dialects spoken in croatia , is incredibly rich and varied , serbian does n't come anywhere near it . 
  we speak dialects in our daily lives , but we learn standard in school and out of 6 or 7 words for tomato that we have , one of them being paradajz , only one is accepted in standard language and that is the one which is supposed to be used in school : raj\u010dica . 
  and croats are fine with that , we 've been fine with that for a few centuries . 
  the problem is in serbs who think that everything is anti-serbian conspiracy and everything exists to undermine supposed serbianess of non-serb south slavs . 
  \u0160e\u0161elj much ? 
   nowdays `` hiljadu '' would be considered `` serbism '' and you would get yelled at by your teacher if you used in croatia . 
  and yet tisu\u0107u is the original slavic word for 1000 and it 's actually the serbs who diverged from us and started using the new greek word - hiljadu . 
  alps and other high mountains tend to be quite cold places . 
  they are also part of the statistic . 
  more precisely , we shipped old weapons we do n't want to have any more , but completely suitable to those battlefields . 
  and then , completely unrelated , within months we started buying surplus american weapons , few years old , cheaply . 
  absolutely no relation between the two . 
  the whole drava river along the border of croatia and hungary ( at both sides ) is protected area , and at the place where drava enters danube , just east of osijek across drava , is [ kopa\u010dki rit nature park ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kopa%c4%8dki_rit ) , quite famous for birds . 
  in fact 300 years ago the whole eastern slavonia , between drava , sava and danube , was one huge wetland that was dried in 1800 's . 
  kopa\u010dki rit and part of spa\u010dva forest down south ( near sava river ) are all that remains of it ( although spa\u010dva is artificial forest in a sense that trees are grown per plan , it 's been used for logging for centuries and is more like tree farm . 
  still , it 's prime hunting location in this part of the country ) . 
  it 's all in inaccessable swamp area that 's under water half of the year , which is why it 's still uncleared . 
  it used to be mined south of osijek all the way almost to bosnian border , which is almost all cleared now . 
  but that 's agricultural flatlands and easiest to clear . 
  what remains around zadar should be a priority , and around plitvice . 
  it looks cool , just needs some renovation and modernisation . 
  i think the apartments are impressive . 
  detailed and current map of minefields . 
  in some croatian dialects and serbian it 's buba\u0161vaba . 
  standard croatian is \u017eohar . 
  \u0160vaba is also another ( non official ) word for germans . 
  there was ragusa city state in one of the games . 
  what he means is croats have no territory where they have autonomy and self rule . 
  in balkans if you do n't own and control territory you do n't have rights , and if you live somewhere but do n't have autonomy you 're expected to rebel . 
  which is why there was ethnic cleansing , clean territory means secure territory . 
  and no amount of there being no real difference in wealth , freedoms and lifestyle of croat and his muslim neighbour down the street will convince them otherwise , and no amount of statistics pointing at futility of rs 's economic existence will convince them that they 're worst off part of federation because serbs rule rs alone and therefore they win . 
  and no one wants unitary bosnia except bosniaks because in everyone 's mind whole bosnia then becomes bosniak territory as they 're the majority . 
  unlike the popular misconception , the wars were n't about religion or nationalism , it was all about territory . 
  who gets what and how homogenous it is . 
  average person with opinion . 
  on anything . 
  we had huge population influx into the cities and these people had to live somewhere , quickly . 
  double that for countries which had ww2 destruction . 
  ok , my comment was deleted due to url shortener . 
  let 's try again . 
  it 's a stereotype that slavonia looks poor , based on most people looking at statystics and never actually being in slavonia . 
  houses are the same pretty much everywhere ( in the north ) except slavonia has a lot of traditional old houses which look tiny from the street but go deep into the yard . 
  there 's also some ruined house or empty plot here and there , ca n't be helped , people left in war and never returned and there 's no one to buy them . 
  as far as keeping the houses neat goes , i say from experience that i expected the north , for instance , to be all in silver and gold since they 're known for being clean and orderly , but surprisingly it looked exactly like home , except narrower streets and lack of foot paths . 
  [ so this ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.2816968,18.7909635,3a,60y,238.82h,77.72t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1ss5vgb42_xwgmgfb8ljgc4a!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=hr ) is a typical newer neighborhood in slavonia , as it is in my town ( also without foot paths , i hate that , but it 's a rare one ) . 
  same in every other . 
  and [ this ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.2836985,18.8200766,3a,75y,129.03h,67.67t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1seriliwhb7v7fwxactdukha!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=hr ) is the old kind of neighborhood with typical 2 window houses which had to be identical . 
  i specifically chose this street , there 's one still unrestored house and the street transitions into new modern houses so the difference is obvious . 
  however , despite being on the edge of town , they are n't really suburbs . 
  they are urban areas with all urban stuff in walking distance , 15 minutes from town center . 
  it 's called suburbia because it 's neither urban nor rural . 
  i consider the first circle of villages around towns the suburbia in croatia since , except in zagreb , there are no neighborhoods which are beyond 20 minutes from city centers as all other cities are quite compact , even the bigger ones . 
  so as far as my town is concerned , [ this is ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.3313319,18.8484102,3a,60y,227.96h,75.07t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sihdvo8dckccyjxdauljqwg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=hr ) and [ this ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.2838544,18.6801147,3a,75y,121h,75.29t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1soapy21cnlhsgpgk9vzvr3g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=hr ) is suburbia . 
  and yes , again no foot paths , that remark is biting me now . 
  if yugoslavia was 339 , croatia must be around 450 and slovenia around 550 . 
  or around hungary and czechoslovakia . 
  you are both wrong , in this context it translates as `` troll '' . 
  houses seem too high for croatia at first because i 'd say it 's closer to 60-40 , but then i remembered that 50 % of croatians live in villages which are all houses , and over half of the people in cities live in houses .
