well that was totally pointless, 
  the snapper, 
  a clever gift from the estonians that made me think of jfk 's `` ich bin ein berliner '' comment . 
  i 'm sure that was the point and probably not lost on obama either . 
  anytime i hear this opinion i suspect it is being said more for effect than anything else . 
  it is n't , we do n't have the history of empire or a long period of self rule in which to assert our sense of nationalism through large scale public monuments in the same way most other european countries do ... that said , it 's still my favorite city . 
  i still maintain that it is endless accolades like this that sunk our economy back in 2008 , not some banking or property crisis . 
  being named the most islamic country and the best country in the space of a week is bound to lead to a double dip recession . 
   apparently , egypt is the top country in the world for global security , and bulgaria , malaysia , romania , croatia , serbia , and mauritius all export more culture globally than the united states . 
  are you intentionally misreading the results ? 
  because all these metrics are ranked in proportion to the size of each country 's economy, 
  i 'm sure many heavily religious countries do n't live up to the standards of their own religion ... just look at vatican or israel, 
  great so , many muslim countries score poorly on equal rights , economic mobility and * now * they score poorly on being muslim as well ? 
   there 's nothing wrong with being eurosceptic within reason . 
  you 're right , there is n't ... there 's also nothing wrong with not joining the club . 
  ... great , just what the eu needs ... another euro-skeptic member . 
  cyprus ... of course , it 's too late . 
  what i 'm getting from this is that it would very quickly sort out the situation in east ukraine . 
  we used to meet each other on the battlefield , now we meet on stage in melody . 
  he would dislike the internet then . 
  burn him !, 
  no , because you 're with us or against us . 
  well romania will need to change that law if they adopt the euro because they wo n't be able to print the coat of arms on the banknotes . 
  what will the coins look like ? 
  what metric is this based on ? 
  no , dublin also has plenty of data warehousing going on because of the climate, 
  there are politicians who enjoy the same privileges ? 
  surely anyone who is going to come here to work and move back to whatever hellhole of a country that they come from closer to old age is actually of more value to ireland than the likes of you and me who will suck up all the state 's resources to old age , resources that could be better spent bailing out the banks at the next economic crisis ? 
   now , let 's try having a conversation without you trying to resort to childish name calling , shall we ? 
  how about we get back to my original point which is that these multinationals benefit the local economy , and back to your point which is that they do n't benefit the local economy because of the number foreigners/non-nationals/non-irish ( whichever term you 're most comfortable with ) , and the fact that you 're wrong because these same people you complain as being `` a problem '' are taxed locally and resident locally so spending in the local economy . 
   where did i say that ? 
  i 'm questioning how much they give back compared to what they are given . 
  sorry , i inferred it from your suggestion that they 're taking more than they 're giving back , the effect of which is much the same . 
  what does the nationality of the employees matter ? 
  fact is they are living in ireland , paying irish taxes and spending their ( vat-able ) earnings in ireland just as any irish person would too . 
  i 'm not the one spouting anti-immigration drivel here , you 're just xenophobic . 
   the problem is that a very large amount of these jobs are not going to irish people . 
  you 're right , we should just drop out of the eu altogether and close our borders . 
  if corporation tax is so mobile , insofar as a company can choose to move their profits around to reduce their exposure , then countries need to find alternative means to raise exchequer funding that closer aligned to where such business is taking place . 
  arguing that ireland or any of the other low tax european countries should raise their taxes to appease those countries that are not willing to diversify their tax base is a fool 's game . 
  on the figures i 'm aware of , as recently as mid 2013 , multinationals account for the employment of around 300k people - that 's well over 1 in 10 of everybody in the workforce . 
  you 're deluded to say these companies are not giving anything back . 
  the strategy is a sustainable long term solution insofar as it has worked since the early nineties , that 's a quarter of a century of sustainability for you right there , and during the economic downturn the multinational sector remained the most robust part of the economy throughout . 
  you 're right that there is an infrastructure deficit but i 'd challenge you to name a country that does n't have an infrastructure deficit - you could sooner blame that on the fact that the country was more or less a third world nation up until the early 80s than on the businesses that have moved here since . 
  it saddens me to see so much criticism leveled at ireland for the country 's every success in attracting fdi , when so much of it seems to be based on some ideological opposition to the approach the country has adopted . 
  firstly , there 's nothing stopping any other country from competing with ireland on the same basis in the area of tax - just to be clear on that . 
  secondly , your point that the flexibility of the labour market is leading to a race to the bottom also happens to be the reason why ireland is experiencing the largest drops in unemployment across europe and the reason why the economy is recovering faster than neighboring states . 
  nor does your point that this constitutes a race to the bottom ring true by any measure including purchasing power parity , social mobility or whatever other metric you want to throw at it . 
  if we 're doing it wrong then what is the measure of us doing it right ? 
  i dunno , having visited both place glasgow definitely feels like a major city whereas edinburgh feels like a large town . 
  i think manchester really came into its own when new labour came to power . 
  west midlands does n't even sound like a place . 
  it sounds like it is west of a not particularly appealing place, 
  i always just assume salzburg is but that 's probably because it 's the only other austrian city i 've heard of, 
  so what 's the relationship with germany then ? 
  why do n't both nations just have a massive love in and erase the border ? 
  well i wo n't dispute your assertion if you did , 
  calling espoo the second city of finland is like calling croydon the second city of england, 
  well , after another german poster claimed that vienna was germany 's second city belfast kind of seemed like fair game :p although , to be fair , i 'm pretty sure no one in ireland sees it that way ... northern ireland , i 'm not so sure . 
  i 'll leave that one for one of your fellow scots to take up :p, 
   mostly people want to get away from the entire region and move to budapest or abroad because the terrible employment opportunities of the country manifest themselves in the worst way over there . 
  what is with that ? 
  i was in hungary recently and i could n't help but notice that , for a country that joined the eu the same time as poland , i 'd say that poland is about twice as prosperous ... at least in terms of average incomes in each respective capitals . 
  well ireland is almost a city state as well in the sense that dublin dwarfs the rest of the country . 
  i guess the same could be said of denmark also . 
  haha . 
  does n't count because they 're their own country !, 
  not a patch on dublin though  ... does belfast count ? 
   it is truly a massive city in dutch terms , however a very ugly one at that i guess it 's a matter of opinion . 
  rotterdam has some of the finest examples of modern architecture in europe , to my knowledge . 
   it looks like you 've defined the second city as the second largest no i did n't . 
  i left it ambiguous . 
   it 's not a good system . 
  why ... ? 
  does n't liberal in america have a totally different meaning to liberal in europe ? 
  ca n't it be argued that , against glasgow , edinburgh is the second city in just scotland ? 
  it 's weird this one , because when i lived in the uk back in the 90s i always assumed birmingham to be the ( somewhat modest ) second city but over the last decade there 's never any end to manchester 's claims for the title ... maybe more so since the bbc moved there , perhaps ? 
  or maybe part of that move is in recognition of that change of title ? 
  i 've answered in the opening post , 
  ... and a pretty face, 
  the thing about the eu is that with every seeming rejection of the ` eu project ' the union moves on by way of compromise . 
  so every defeat ultimately plays as much of a role in shaping the eu as its successes . 
  being euro-skeptic demands a wholesale rejection of the eu but many euro-skeptics do n't appreciate that . 
  what does it mean to be euro-skeptic anyway if you do n't want out from the union ? 
  it must mean that there are plenty of things about the eu that you support . 
  true . 
  and while i 've never met anyone who would explicitly say that , the attitude of british exceptionalism that this type of comment informs is quite widespread in the british public debate i find . 
  why does finland have such a high homicide rate ? 
  apart from that the finns seem to have come out looking the best from this critique . 
  he 's right about the number of vacant spaces but , as someone living in dublin i can say that the city has never been so vibrant , even compared to the boom years . 
  hotel rates are cheap not because of lack of business but because of an oversupply of hotel stock resulting from a boom-time tax incentive that encouraged property developers to build hotels ... it may also explain the growth of tourism over the last year which is up 7 % and back to 2009 levels . 
  i was under the impression that goods originating from the israeli settlements are already excluded from eu-israeli bilateral trade agreements ? 
  in my experience peoples of scandinavia + poland + germany do n't smile much either . 
   you need to pay more . 
  finnish army budget is approx 2.7 billion euros in year , that is approx 1.5 % which is n't enough to maintain reasonable defense a reasonable defence against what ? 
  ireland 's defence budget reflects the level of threat posed to the country and the security situation it finds itself in . 
  unlike the us or uk , there are no irish interests served by the having an increased military capability . 
  if that administration was in power during ww2 then britain would have been allied with the axis powers, 
  ya , i 've found this to be the case as well , irish people tend to leave the other person a lot more room to navigate a conversation while avoiding points that might lead to one person or the other suffering humiliation or embarrassment . 
  in this respect they 're less confrontational .
