  yet in other totally different respects irish people are quite blunt in calling a situation for what it is and that might have to do with the fact that , as a society , they 're not as bound by notions of class or political correctness as the british . 
  when i first moved to ireland from london i did n't notice much difference but now that i 've become culturally assimilated i find myself much more acutely aware of the difference when traveling in the other direction . 
  well ireland is n't unique in the eu - latvia has 15 % , lithuania 15 % , romania 16 % , bulgaria 10 % . 
  many of these countries are following ireland 's lead in using taxation to attract fdi ... yet none of these countries feature in the top ten of this list , so the implication that the tax rate is the only factor in ireland 's position is wrong . 
  also , the country has bilateral double taxation agreements with no fewer than 69 countries including all of its major trading partners , the implication being that the tax system here is recognised as being up to standard by these 69 countries . 
  to be classed as a tax haven we 'd need to have a zero or nominal rate of tax , no transparency and companies registered here with no substantial operations on the ground . 
  the fact is that many of the companies accused of using ireland as a base for tax avoidance have sizable operations here , often as the head office for the emea region and they employ a substantial number of people relative to the size of the economy . 
  what makes ireland unique , compared to most of the countries mentioned is that it is so successful at implementing this strategy . 
  the irish experience only shows that the country is competing successfully on tax to the benefit of the economy and there is nothing to stop the uk adopting those same policies that places ireland in first place of this subjective list . 
  according to the oecd nothing about the irish economy qualifies it as a tax haven but i think it 's assumed everyone agrees that such loopholes should be closed . 
  just recently the irish government have made efforts to do so . 
  ukrainians want to be able to enjoy the freedom to have great doubts about the eu as well, 
  i 'm sorry that you 're bitter about the uk 's absence from the top ten, 
  i wish ireland got those kind of tourism figures , would do wonders for the economy, 
  i think the most commonly accepted definition that separates them is that an immigrant is an active participant in the local economy whereas an expat is not . 
  in other words , if you 're retiring out in spain on your own pension without any reliance on the state you 're an expat . 
  if you 're there in search of employment you 're an immigrant . 
  i remember bbc website did a piece on it not so long ago . 
  hopefully the loans wo n't be used to encourage countries to run budget surpluses ... because that would be a lose-lose situation for everyone . 
  are n't you kinda just proving my point ? 
  he has been predicting an economic crash since at least 1999 . 
  there was around a decade , if not more , of economic growth between his prediction and the eventual outcome . 
  he also endorsed the bank bailout . 
  david mcwilliams is proof that if you predict something for long enough it will eventually come true . 
  err , is n't that more commonly known as deflation ? 
  i 'm confused by the double negative thread title, 
  you 've obviously never celebrated halloween in dublin, 
  ... you could substitute australia with any other country and this article would still be relevant/irrelevant, 
  it would add $ 300m to annual tax revenue but no estimates on the additional cost to the public health service of such a move . 
  when the country has ambitions to eliminate smoking by 2025 this seems like a retrograde step if approved ... which , of course , it wo n't . 
  so a third of the vote is determined by people not resident in the state ? 
  that 's very unsettling . 
  take it easy on the colour-contrast lever there ... 
  the old are asked to shoulder the burden of austerity ... from a country that recently popped up in an infographic showing it to be one of the best countries in europe to be old , hmmm . 
  +1 we definitely have one of the most egalitarian and comprehensive welfare states in europe . 
  i do n't say this as a criticism but it is most starkly illustrated when you travel to the continent to find the old and disabled begging on the street compared to our `` homeless '' who are actually people in receipt of accommodation and welfare that beg to fund their addiction problems . 
  do these hours comply with the working time directive ? 
  i 'm not sure this was a protest vote against the coalition , is there even any evidence to suggest this ? 
  the referendum was lost because the government was unwilling to engage in public debate on what is a major change to the constitution and to the democratic process . 
  also , abolishing the upper house came with promises to reform the lower house but , as with all promises , it is clear that they can be easily broken . 
  i think ultimately , the no-vote was a vote for the status quo in the face of inadequate debate ... hardly a surprising outcome given the already thin margins showing in opinion polls leading up to the referendum . 
  i do n't think the term , in and of itself , is negative but as with all terms it can be used in a negative context . 
  i do n't think the common meaning changes much beyond that to describe someone hailing from britain even if the context is negative . 
  i notice that irish , when speaking geographically , often say `` the uk '' to describe anywhere in britain ( and also sometimes in ni ) . 
  it 's unnecessarily vague given that all irish people are adequately familiar with uk geography to be able to go into more detail than that . 
  well that 's my point - they are inherently racist . 
  reading the woman 's experience of giving up her german citizenship i find it jarring the way other countries treat the right to citizenship . 
  i know that germany is an extreme case but it seems neither fair or appropriate to the country 's residents for such restrictive rules to exist . 
  it walks a fine line ... 
  in fairness , the eu does the exact same thing with its neighbours too but just more transparently and in neutral language , just ask switzerland or norway . 
  it is a very generous move on the part of the uk , no doubt . 
  at the same time , the uk economy would have been massively exposed to an irish default ... more so than any other nation . 
  this will never happen . 
  the us and canada are not going to sleepwalk into such an eventuality and a solution resulting in visa free travel between all eu countries and north america will come to pass . 
  it might not happen in the timeframe mentioned in the linked article but it will happen . 
  it would just be too damaging for all if a solution was n't found but at the same time the eu is not going to back away from the principles behind its position . 
  with a mixed race background and having immigrated to ireland , i ca n't recommend it enough . 
  i think it is a good thing, 
  why is this even being posted to r/europe ? 
  maybe what is being perceived in the uk as foreign residents are just the more diverse members of what counts as british nationals ? 
  let 's face it , britain - maybe because of the colonial past - has been much more diverse for much longer . 
  it 's probably too early to say if they had any cultural meaning or not but you seem to think that it 's not possible for an event like the olympics to make that kind of difference whereas i 'm not so sure about that myself . 
  what a non-story : * if * ireland has oil and gas it * could * be an alternative to russia for supplies . 
  that 's difficult to answer as it depends on your background but generally the quality of life is good . 
  mainly that it 's too small , there is less than five million people living here so after four or five years you 'll find that everyone is only one degree of separation from everyone else . 
  the highly changeable weather is probably going to be your more regular annoyance though . 
  i think it 's kinda pointless to ask a local about the place they live in because as a visitor you 're not going to experience the place in the same way, 
  since moving to ireland i 'm not short of things to complain about but , that said , i would never move away . 
  people here are just so completely laid back and easygoing , unmatched by any other nationality i 've come across . 
  if it does n't irritate the hell out of you , you 'll fall for the place ( because of its people ) very easily . 
  editorialised title , exaggerated indignation ... should n't you be on boards.ie ? 
  it 's still the same old tv license for public service broadcasting that acknowledges the connected world we live in stupid, 
  surely this flies in the face of the conservative preference to negotiate a multitude of opt-outs in the areas of policing and justice ? 
  err , in what decade ? 
  shannon ceased being a stopover for international flights since open skies around a decade ago ... 
  that is the dumbest thing i have ever heard, 
  ( ireland ) do nothing , because our head of state does not have executive power, 
  i do n't think it does . 
  its economy is dominated by the public sector ( something like 30 % compared to 20 % in ireland ) and division is enshrined in its institutions where the government in the northern ireland assembly is mandated to share power between unionist and nationalist parties . 
  actually both companies maintain quite substantial operations in ireland . 
  how come in ireland you 've omitted the stats for the labour party who are currently the junior party of a two-party coalition government ? 
  what a sensationalist title for such an unremarkable news piece . 
  of course this is big news in ireland but the headline ignores the tradition of social partnership in this country and the fact that there is a history of both long and drawn out union negotiations that stretch into the 11th hour here . 
  i suspect there is insufficient popular support to lead to a fall out over this issue . 
  is n't a coat of arms kind of redundant in modern society ? 
  the lack of an eu coa reflects the fact that it is a modern institution . 
  officially , here in ireland , the coa is that of a harp but you 'd be hard pushed to find depictions of it anywhere , even in public and state buildings . 
  it is far more common to find depictions of the harp in the form of the official seal , minus the coat of arms . 
  well then amsterdam seems like the odd one out , no ? 
  why these four cities ? 
  try [ skyscanner ] ( http://www.skyscanner.net/ ), 
   bear in mind the falkland islanders are eu citizens . 
  is the falklands a british territory or an british-occupied argentine territory ? 
  would n't it be more accurate if the title of this link read something like `` hs2 , the controversial rail link that will bring britain 's intercity rail network up to 21st century standards and bridge the wealth gap between north and south by bringing thousands of jobs and reducing travel times is over budget '', 
   they may not say it outright but the bbc does n't exactly hide their opinion on scottish independance . 
  it would severely cut their budget apart from anything . 
  doubtful that the license fee receipts from scotland would cover the provision of service provided in scotland by the bbc . 
  i think both are true, 
  does n't it require continued participation in the single market ? 
  you 're assuming that , in the event of a uk exit , the uk will adopt the norwegian model and that the other eu member states will acquiesce to that .
