japan and her space marinurai are here once more . 
  purease stand and pay respects for za imperiaru ansem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhl5aflekdo, 
  the border gore ... 
  the border gore ... 
  i 'm up late tonight , so there 's a possibility that i might sleep through session 1 ( again ) . 
  i definitely intend to play today , though . 
  i 'm going with japan . 
  well , looks like this was the last round . 
  was a fun game guys , ca n't wait for the next one . 
  i do think it was to do with the host though - the out of synch crap started under arathian in the first place . 
  i think a good rule would be that you have veto rights if you 've ever played a country in a previous session , and then leave partway through the current session . 
  if you 've played prussia last session , then quit halfway through this session , you should be able to prevent humans from taking it over . 
  but if you 've only played prussia this one session , quit halfway , and someone else takes over ... 
  i dunno , my instinct would have been to prevent the new guy from taking prussia period , unless m8stro had agreed to it . 
  well , castile has always been my faithful ally , and if i thought france was likely to join in , i would have notified him . 
  anyway , if you keep to libya and everything east of it , i wo n't bother you . 
  oh , yeah , i forgot that you were able to end it by peacing out tripoli . 
  as i was making ( or at least trying to make ) negotiations with you when the peace broke out , i guess i entered it into long-term memory as us making a deal . 
  and yes , you did defeat us in africa ( i blame the backwards mamluks ) , but i could have shipped men to europe faster than you could have hired mercs , and i probably would have been able to siege all of your forts before you sieged mine . 
  castile and france were still buddy-buddy at the time , at least as far as i could tell , and i doubt france would have wanted to risk war when my only goal was to keep you out of africa . 
  if you do n't remember , i sank your fleet and began sieging italy without any hope for you to relieve it . 
  i signed a peace with the understanding that you would not expand past a small foothold around tripoli proper , but i have learned now not to trust perfidious italia . 
  note to newcomers , do n't pick a country that 's lodged between two large players , and then get butthurt when they partition you . 
  poor little tripoli ... 
  sweden has work tomorrow , so i ca n't come . 
  sorry baltic bros. 
  reserving sweden , for real this time ( no switching to carib ) . 
  the game is now up , and [ dslisser ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031032825/ ) is hosting . 
  if we do n't get enough players , we will put off the game until next week . 
  sorry for screwing up with the announcement timing . 
  free to pick new ones , although players get first dibs on their old countries . 
  been talking with a few other players , and i 'm gon na go ahead and host a new game with the new patch . 
  it makes it harder to get new recruits if we require downgrading , and we might as well start over if the patch came after just one session . 
  ok , bad news everyone . 
  the new patch breaks old savegames , including ours . 
  two options : 1 . 
  restart the game under the current patch . 
  downgrade to 1.16 and continue where we left off . 
  remember , we only had one session , but , that was still 4 hours of our lives . 
  but , we wo n't see another patch for a while , and it would be annoying to always downgrade for the game to keep one session of progress ... but , four hours of our lives ... 
  i 'm mixed myself . 
  what do you guys want to do ? 
  well , the thread was made 5 hours before the game was supposed to start , and it never got stickied even after my request , so , we may simply not get enough players here . 
  if it looks like a bunch of normal players are gone due to me fucking up with the post , we 'll just put it off till next week . 
  and , uh , it 's 6am now and i only made this because i woke up briefly and had an oh shit moment . 
  will be back here in 3-4 hours to answer any questions . 
  last time , we had a kind dutchman host after the first hour , though his name eludes me in my half-woken daze . 
  remember you can still join off of me , mudcrabmerchant . 
  see you guys in a few hours . 
  made a mistake , and had to rehost . 
  game should be up for good now , though . 
  the game is now hosted . 
  if you see it in the mp lobby , the password is `` europe '' . 
  remember the other ways to join , though . 
  last call - does anybody have good internet and all dlcs , and is willing to host ? 
  i intended never to buy mare nostrum , but i will if i ca n't find an alternate host . 
  heard too many times that it causes instability . 
  i will consider trying out a free-for-all custom nations + rnw in a future campaign . 
  usually patches do n't cause major problems unless provinces are changed . 
  pretty sure we played through a new patch in the last campaign , or the one before . 
  i 'd like this , might be too late to change to 1 less than cap . 
  i suppose so . 
  i mean , it does pretty much the same thing , but in case there are any minor differences , i think we should allow the old `` i surrender '' rule . 
  this sounds good . 
  will be sure to tell everyone in the lobby before we start , as it wo n't be important for around 100 years . 
  sorry , i looked up `` time in britain '' and `` time in germany '' , and they were one hour apart , and britain was 8 hours ahead of me . 
  i just figured that britain = gmt , but i guess not nowadays . 
  this is one reason why i 'd prefer a european to host , they know this kind of thing . 
  i will be hosting the game at 11am pacific standard time , which correlates to 8pm cest , and 7pm britain . 
  i could move things back an hour earlier , starting next session . 
  but too late to change this week . 
  unless anyone has a problem with it , i 'm going to crosspost on the paradox multiplayer forums . 
  it looks like several regulars are going to be gone tomorrow , and i 'd like to make sure that we have enough players . 
  oh , no , never heard of it . 
  surprised this name appears anywhere outside of obscure wikipedia articles . 
  important : if you own all dlcs , are located in europe , and have good internet , it would be great if you could host the game . 
  your only responsibilities are being on time , actually hosting the game , and adjusting the speed as appropriate . 
  i can host if need be , but i 'd have to go buy mare nostrum ( would rather not ) , and i am located thousands of miles away from europe . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  in fact , someone observing and taking over the role of chronicler would be cool . 
  we had one guy stream it on twitch in our first campaign , and we always like it when people do write-ups after each session . 
  anyway , i 'm reserving sweden . 
  no rules about that , last game we had every major power under player control , including ming . 
  all players use the dlc of the host , so it wo n't matter if you do n't even have a single dlc . 
  the usual time is from 19:00 -23:00 gmt . 
  sorry if that time does n't work for you . 
  as for myself , i 'm reserving sweden . 
  those left last week pretty much agreed that the last campaign had run its course . 
  that means we might be starting a new campaign this saturday . 
  if you were part of the last game and would like to * continue * our last campaign , please post here . 
  if there are n't a lot of people who want to continue , we will be starting a new game on saturday . 
  if you want to join a new campaign on saturday , post here to reserve your country . 
  if more people want a new campaign , then i will make a new thread tomorrow following the official format ( rules , host , game time , etc. 
  superimportant : ** the game will start at 7pm bst/8pm cest . 
  ** we will rehost at 9pm cest for those of you who based your schedule off of the gmt time . 
  ignore the thread title , sorry . 
  i do n't know european time zones , and figured time in britain = gmt . 
  important : if you own all dlcs , are located in europe , and have good internet , it would be great if you could host the game . 
  your only responsibilities are being on time , actually hosting the game , and adjusting the speed as appropriate . 
  i can host if need be , but i 'd have to go buy mare nostrum ( would rather not ) , and i am located thousands of miles away from europe .
