  but then where will i buy ... umm ... forget it . 
  that 's too hardline for the eu , but i can see it being the best solution . 
  hopefully australia 's positive results ( ? ), 
  will teach us . 
  i bet there is a soup kitchen in your city , what is stopping you from queueing there now ? 
  that 's right , it is too much of an inconvenience for a person with money . 
  so no , you wo n't stop buying food , because you want specific food at specific time and you can afford it . 
  it is . 
  anise flavored rakia exists , but it is n't popular . 
  i 've always found this back and forth between humans and bulls in spain quite amusing . 
  it seems spaniards realize how unfair it is to torture bulls in the arenas so from time to time they give them equal opportunity for revenge . 
  a whole country that hosts a terrorist organization , because it is more powerful than the government . 
  sad . 
  rakia , yesterday . 
  9 % turks . 
  i do n't know personally a single one , so no idea what is n't true . 
  i do n't believe we have a stereotype for them as a whole . 
  i guess wearing hijab ( ? ), 
  and farming tobacco can apply in the villages . 
  they are here , because we were under ottoman rule for 482 years and they settled . 
  our problems are of course with the 5 % gypsies , but i ca n't talk about that because i 'll get banned again . 
  well , yes , i too suspect they are gaming the asylum system to seek economic migration . 
  [ quality of life survey - kosovo ] ( http://www.eurofound.europa.eu/sites/default/files/ef_publication/field_ef_document/ef1350en3_1.pdf ) it 's not somalia . 
  i guess the camps overflowed . 
  that 's still 500 000 , but yes , my condolences . 
   however under turkish law they can not apply for refugee status but only temporary protection status . 
  hey , you are not granting them asylum !? 
  i doubt they will return on their own to a pile of rubble and if you just cut off their work permits and welfare things may get worse . 
  i never thought of airbnb 's impact that way !, 
  by regulating hotels you can regulate the amount of tourists . 
  why are so many from kosovo ? 
  there is no dictatorship or war , it seems pretty much as good as macedonia . 
  what grounds to ask for asylum do those 48 100 people have ? 
  that is 3/4 of their christian population . 
  in one quarter . 
  those millions are in a temporary tent camp in the middle of nowhere , not roaming around the country doing whatever people with absolutely no ( prospects for ) income do for survival . 
  edit : most of them are n't really . 
  unhappy with the result of the crimean war , russia waged a new one with the ottoman empire and in the end , among other things , the bulgarian state was [ somewhat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principality_of_bulgaria ) reestablished . 
  imo syriza has little to do with q2 and absolutely nothing with q1 data . 
  they came to power only on 26 jan. 
  even if they started legislating on day 1 ( which takes months ) , the whole economy does n't change so quickly unless you do something drastic . 
  wtf this is actually about the uk where english is the official language !, 
  feel free to explain how things are fine in varna . 
  from the mayor 's office to the chief of police . 
  that 's a lot . 
  after the fall of communism security and insurance were the prime sectors for criminal gangs as they gave the opportunity for legalized racketeering . 
  such stickers on cars , shops , homes clearly mark who is paying . 
  the one you are talking about is for tim.bg , a private security firm . 
  for 20 years the mafia diversified its business a lot and for all these years tim remains unchallenged in varna , while a lot of sofia bosses were killed over the years . 
  in varna ? 
  [ there is nothing else ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_ ( firm \\ ) ) . 
  come to sofia , get eaten by a pack of strays . 
  you mean putinophobia . 
   everybody talking about putin , your precious eu is even more corrupt . 
  can you base that on any research ? 
  how do you divide 80 000 euros by 10 000 people and get 800 ? 
  i 'm confused by the terminology ( first , second ... ) . 
  what education does a university graduate with bachelor 's degree ( 4 years ) have ? 
  no , we need more euromonies . 
  otherwise i do n't know why should we care , nothing is made in the uk to worry about customs . 
  you do n't base such decisions on exceptions . 
  these crises are only an excuse , the uk is too proud to be part of an empire . 
  [ kamen donev - ladies and gentlemen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knjtkkrru84 ), 
  what was the reason for the killings ? 
  the imf fixed my country in worse situation - bankruptcy and hyperinflation . 
  again they gave money in exchange for reforms , that were catastrophically delayed before . 
  its failures come not from the measures it prescribes , but from stubborn governments that do n't adopt them at first . 
  it happened here too , we needed several `` packages '' . 
  because the imf deals with economics , not politics and can be trusted to say the hard truth . 
  then if politicians decide to do what 's right , but unpopular , they can throw some blame on the imf . 
  or ignore them and be the good guy while throwing more billions into the fire . 
  oh , that is a point of view i totally understand . 
  i do n't know how old are you , but ubuntu is actually mind-blowingly good user distro considering what we had before . 
  what other user distro just works ? 
  but really , because i 've had enough botched debian stable updates . 
  they cut it because what follows does n't matter . 
  microsoft corporation can always choose to believe it is necessary . 
   basic transportation is one of those things so is water , electricity , internet , food , heating , shelter ... where do we stop ? 
  no , he wants his statement to reach as many people in europe as possible . 
  he is spreading ideology . 
  too long, 
  yes , but my government will use the money for something else , not lower the taxes . 
  and this new tax will be calculated in any end product i 'm buying . 
  for example they can get 1 % of the vat . 
  my vat will still be 20 % , but 1 % will go to the eu and 19 % to the local government . 
  it is probably not ideal , i 'm only illustrating what i meant . 
  figure out a way to do this without increasing my taxes , thank you . 
  typical nazi scum - 5 to 1 and still use underhanded tactics . 
  then the moment they face opposition by the two blue shirt guys they retreat . 
  or most of your friends simply do n't want to smell bad , lose teeth and die in terrible pain . 
  all risk - no reward . 
  of course , smoking is bad for business and raises the burden of healthcare . 
  it is also prevalent among the not so bright - who the hell wants cancer and stink ? 
  because of the soviet era . 
  corruption . 
  non-existent political elite . 
  we have dumb but well-connected people playing politics . 
  incapable administration . 
  the socialist state was notoriously ineffective without open competition . 
  that creates 99 % equally inept workers on all levels .
