  then another 20 years of real competition and we can talk about free market . 
  yes , russia will keep wholesaling oil stuff , but wo n't retail it . 
  it is still a loss of revenue for them . 
  the stations will rebrand , no drama for the jobs there . 
  but what is the international symbol for blacks and asians ? 
  stereotypes are exactly what we need in this situation . 
  like the toilet signs - not all women wear skirts and transvestites may be offended , but the stereotype brings clarity . 
  nice to see some real consequences of being an asshole . 
  i can only hope that you are in some cheap part of russia . 
  i doubt people can exists in moscow/petersburg on that pay . 
  switzerland is a country that votes quite frequently . 
  do you have a working electronic voting system ? 
  that can be used also to collect the signatures to initiate a referendum ? 
  it seems quite a hassle otherwise . 
  of course it is not about one or two things , i 'm asking for examples . 
  like financial transactions tax , but something that actually happened , against their will . 
  and yet nobody cited a specific law that came from the eu and the uk does n't want . 
  when it comes to immigration , your problem * was * overly liberal welfare system . 
  nobody seems to be against working educated eu citizens . 
  the current illegals/refugee crisis is not tied to the eu at all . 
  refugee status is covered by the un and illegals do n't care about regulations . 
  it is the national governments that fail to deport them . 
  eu army is a matter that can not be forced upon members as it is . 
  i do n't know about the economic pros and cons . 
  i guess in the coming year both sides will be able to make a convincing argument , because it is complicated enough . 
  edit : uh , the eu is a democracy . 
  it has a parliament that is a product of all of our votes . 
  i understand you may not like being part of a quasi-federation , but it is still a democracy . 
  those are the specific regulations ( laws ) i 'm asking about . 
  for example , there is a eu imposed guarantee on bank deposits up to 100 000 eur and the uk may dislike that . 
  future integration ( federalization even ) would mean taking away more power from national governments , which requires ratification of a new treaty . 
  i hope as the date approaches the campaigns will be more informative . 
  i still do n't understand what exactly is the uk 's issue . 
  what is a * specific * eu regulation that the uk does n't agree with , but has to abide by now ? 
  i see why * others * can have issue with the uk , but not the other way around . 
  the uk can simply refuse to amend treaties to block further integration . 
  confused ?!, 
  the allegations were pretty specific and kept for a long time . 
  it is extremely easy to ruin a man 's life with a false rape claim and it should carry harsh punishment . 
  the way criminals in law enforcement are supposed to be made an example of . 
  the funniest thing is the lying cunt managed to provoke even the russian foreign minister . 
  that ** poverty ** line is absurd . 
  it 's a good senior it position salary here . 
  switzerland may as well be on another planet . 
  as long as they are not trying to bring afghanistan with them . 
  we 're coming to touch your women !, 
  there are big differences in how information is gathered . 
  wiretap analogy - the us ( prism ) way is being able to freely listen to all the phones and not notifying anyone . 
  we all know the normal way is to submit a motivated request . 
  https://media.ccc.de/v/32c3-7513-safe_harbor#video&amp;t=1950 the whole video is very good , at the end he addresses the eu spying a bit . 
  but iirc the scandal , some eu governments were actually just given prism access . 
  no , no , it is about the fourth reich . 
  your national unity will rise in the face of this new threat . 
  desperate , the people are pushed to nazism . 
  merkel will grow a mustache and the filthy subhumans will be interned in greenland . 
  the eu flag will feature the hindu symbol of good fortune . 
  you just lifted the ban on mein kampf and surprise , surprise - it is a bestseller . 
  why do we even care about fences ? 
  we ( non-schengen ) cross at the border checkpoints anyway . 
  but why ? 
  does the immigrant not eat ? 
  not pay rent ? 
  what exactly makes him able to accept less pay ? 
  this argument holds no water , unless we are talking about illegal employment that does n't pay taxes . 
  which is a problem that transcends nationality . 
  i was gon na note that it is the same with putin . 
  but then i noticed that a lot of developing countries have the same huge growth in that period - bulgaria , romania , russia , turkey , poland . 
  it has more to do with global economics than with the idiot in charge . 
  looking at the countries , most of those pensioners can always move to live in a bulgarian 3 * hotel . 
  but it has huge sidewalks anyway !, 
  sounds very romantic , but truth is most people want to live . 
  if a war breaks out in my country i 'm fleeing . 
  with deadly force . 
   not just politicians , but too many people think security is simply a natural state of affairs in the first world , and any money spent on security is just wasted . 
  not throwing fireworks into crowds of people on nye is a natural state of affairs in the first world . 
  not mass mugging women on a central square full of people on nye is a natural state of affairs in the first world . 
  whatever the budget , there is not supposed to be riot police ready to take on people celebrating the ny . 
  rules prevent me from pointing out the issue here . 
  we live in a world where this is a valid question ... shit . 
  this may come as a shock to you , but any time you accept an eula or tos you are entering a contract agreement . 
  and no , you ca n't always negotiate terms . 
  i can offer you my services ( or work ) at fixed ( public ) terms and you either walk away or agree . 
  happens all around you . 
  have you never dealt with , i do n't know , grown-up stuff ? 
  seriously , how can you say there is no contract between uber and its drivers ... for example , i am using adsense and adwords . 
  i 've never seen anyone from google , neither have anything in writing with them , but a lot of money is changing hands . 
  it is my responsibility to declare income to my country 's revenue agency and pay my taxes and national insurance . 
  yes , same in bulgaria . 
  what you describe is called not declaring income and tax evasion , which is a crime by the drivers . 
  i do n't see what uber has to do with it . 
  with uber it is actually easier to prosecute because all payments are electronic , while licensed taxis are working with cash . 
  it is like saying that all plumbers are criminals . 
  even if it was so , i 'd take more issue with my government not enforcing the tax law . 
  all those things have to be paid anyway - by the employer or by the self-employed person . 
  contractors have a higher hourly rate than employees , because they are paying those things themselves . 
  if uber has to employ the drivers it will just pay them less . 
  the end sum of money staying in your pocket , money going to the state and money staying in uber does n't have to change with the form of employment . 
  it has more to do with volatility of the work-load . 
  these are different ways of employment with pros and cons , there is no one right way . 
  i do n't see why is all the * uber * bashing specifically .
