  it will take a couple of generations to forget the old habits . 
  okay , somebody explain to me what the hell is turkey 's strategy ? 
  why are they so passive , leaving isis to grow right next door with the added bonus of housing millions refugees ? 
  at the very least they should occupy a buffer zone on the border and have the refugees there . 
  the idea that isis is gon na kill the kurds for turkey is crazy . 
  if anything it will create a better organized and equipped kurdish army , because they are not isolated and other players do n't want isis to win . 
  their struggle will also foster a stronger feeling of nationhood and desire for a state . 
  greenland is the answer !, 
  look how good australia turned out . 
  of course it discriminates between people who cause trouble and people who do n't . 
  no country on the planet wants a sizable population that forcefully opposes its law and order , much less accommodate such foreigners . 
  i think denmark can really save the day by turning greenland into snowy australia . 
  iron dome developed the systems to acquire quickly a fast target , iron beam will solve the problem with actually catching up with the missile to destroy it . 
  i do n't see how it is pointless to iterate on missile defenses . 
  the components they deploy now will be upgraded , but the coordination , treaties and bases will be already established . 
  the money they are giving to build these ineffective ( you say ) defenses are going to fund the research of the next system . 
  it is not waste of money , it is funding research . 
  the iron dome seemed crazy too , but now it works and they are working on iron beam . 
   are they deliberately trying to keep russians unemployed ? 
  no , they are supporting best korea providing them rare economic opportunities . 
  the mayonnaise thing infuriates me more than it should . 
  you also have the unskilled jobs for them . 
  our middle class ca n't employ 10000000000000 landscapers . 
  not that i disagree , but i was n't expecting such sentiment from france . 
  it has the most multicultural streets i 've wandered on . 
  there is a nazi joke here , but my political correctness gets in the way . 
  i think it is working exactly as intended . 
  if politicians want to pour more water into the sand - fine , but the imf deals in economic logic . 
  but they opened some past tuesday , no ? 
  it is not silly , there has to be some order in the world . 
  defaults are a needed part of the system . 
  you should know , my country does n't have a law for personal bankruptcy and you can be a slave for life . 
  what is the idea here ? 
  i seriously doubt that legally registered refugees in one schengen country can freely move around . 
  it matters to illegals that do n't want to be checked at the border . 
  greece has border stops on all sides , because its neighbors are not in the schengen area . 
  we built a fence for turkey , but the wind turned it over . 
  we 're rebuilding it again . 
  the contractors are happy . 
  how does that compare to previous years and their other holidays ? 
  lol that is actually discussed in the article . 
  refugees are n't really choosers and we got some from turkey , but yes , we 're pretty safe from illegal economic migrants . 
  a boat full of people and a boat leaving with the smuggler should n't pass freely through territorial waters . 
  we need more marine border patrols , radars , drones , i do n't know . 
  the eu needs to change laws so you do n't have to let every illegal boat in . 
  it may sound xenophobic , but we can not accommodate half of africa , no matter how philanthropic we feel . 
  you can embargo it , but i do n't really see the point . 
  putin is not the problem , they 'll just elect another dictator because apparently that 's the way russians like it . 
  note that moscow and saint petersburg that we deem highly developed are only about 10 % of the population . 
  depends a lot . 
  at tourist resorts you 'd have absolutely no problem getting service . 
  people under 30 have studied it in school for at least 5 years and should be able to hold a conversation in a bar . 
  they simply do n't tell you anything so you do n't know where to deport them and they get to stay . 
  does your tequila shot cost 50 euro cents ? 
  you 've seen nothing yet . 
  fun fact : there are more muslims in the uk than in albania . 
  yes , culture in that language . 
  an eu parliament speech is n't a cultural thing . 
  i can confirm , we 've send some idiots in our time . 
  but that is bound to change with newer generations , that study english as a second language since kindergarten . 
  a negligible portion of the population cares about eu politics and even less watch speeches or read documents . 
  national identity is preserved with culture - literature , music , film , etc. 
  yes , i was surprised the demonstrations were so weak . 
  why did so many people vote no if they are okay with this ? 
  your parliament sounds a lot like our parliament :d, 
  i believe the eu parliament is relatively loved mainly because they come up with good consumer laws . 
  i remember your court ruling against controversial erdogan decisions a couple of times . 
  also there was some criminal prosecution of government figures after which a lot of police were fired in retaliation . 
  what happened with that ? 
  i think your justice system cares more about the values it is supposed to defend . 
  it 'll be sad to lose that . 
  lol , no . 
  the prosecutor 's office for our 10th city by population . 
  `` rpo shumen '' here - http://www.prb.bg/en/prosecutors-office/structure-and-organization/ courts are completely separate from the prosecutor 's office . 
  it is not suicide , more like detox . 
  not nice , but necessary to get your shit together and return to life . 
  yay , more bureaucracy !, 
  it is not realistic , but it is how it is . 
  that is one way to say greece should default , the sooner the better for * everybody * . 
  it is obvious since 2010 , just not acceptable . 
  nobody has the balls to default . 
   when shit hits the fan , the entire system immediately crumbles . 
  be fair , 6 years and 300bn euro is quite an effort and given the circumstances it is well above and beyond the call of duty . 
  how come ? 
  as far as i know they are very well paid , plus rich countries are draining quite a lot of doctors from poor ones . 
  everything you say , including the specific examples , apply to bulgaria . 
  sadly we are having neither prosecutions , nor resignations . 
  the crisis talk is about logistics while the system changes . 
  there are poorer countries with higher unemployment that get by ( neighboring macedonia ) . 
  it is not good , but definitely not a humanitarian crisis . 
  a grexit would not have turned them into somalia . 
  that would be a stupid time-wasting position . 
  there is plenty of bureaucracy before money flies anyway . 
  i do n't think the number is an issue - they 'll provide whatever they think is necessary . 
  and that sum is now higher because tsipras crashed the economy . 
  the previous deal did n't include 50bn in assets . 
  a lot of bn will go to reanimate the banks . 
  i think the deal is effectively the same . 
  if course it is not ideal , but neither is owing 350bn . 
  they have to work with what they have .
