   the community paid a fee of 2 billion drachmas for their freedom . 
  yet 50,000 people were sent to auschwitz , and most of their 60 synagogues and schools were destroyed , along with the old jewish cemetery in the center of the city . 
  took their money , then still sent them to death camps and destroyed their shit . 
  jesus fucking christ greece you scary !, 
  i 'd like an explanation for greece 's hatred on jews . 
  according to wikipedia there are only 5000 of them in the 11m population . 
  you want us to accept into our countries the people merkel ( not us ) invited , instead of upholding the law and deport ( she started doing it recently ) . 
  there is no refugee crisis , there is an illegal immigration crisis . 
  our detention centers are filled with mostly afghans . 
  we did actually help you by building a fence on the turkish border even before merkel realized she ca n't accommodate everyone in the world . 
   especially considering that they are not reciprocating that solidarity what did we do wrong ?!, 
  i do n't even know what is it that we can possibly do for you , to screw it up . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  wealth redistribution is done mostly by taxes . 
  and not in the form of directly giving money to citizens , but using it to provide access to better services and opportunities . 
  pension funds are the biggest institutional investors . 
  the capital accumulated there is in the end used to finance businesses/mortgages , which equals jobs/prosperity . 
  it does n't sit in a safe until the ridiculously rich pensioner decides to buy a yacht . 
  will brexit increase or decrease the price of scotch ? 
  our state pension fund pays out 4bn euro annually , where 2.1 bn come from the national budget ( taxes ) , and 1.9 bn from people 's contributions . 
  it does not hold money like a piggy bank , today 's workers pay today 's pensioners . 
  it is not the money you saved yourself . 
  that 's why an aging population is a big problem - workforce shrinks , pensioners grow . 
  if it was what you saved up for yourself we would n't worry . 
  and because state pensions are not paid from what you saved yourself , the government decides how much of the budget will go to subsidize pensions and therefore their size . 
  the second social security you mention is the social pension which is so people do n't starve . 
  it has only an age requirement and i 'm okay with it . 
  edit : we had some pension reform which introduced a private pension , where you save only for yourself in a private pension fund . 
  but so far its effect is negligible . 
  the state is n't doing enough to shift the pension system from state-budget funded to private investment responsibility . 
  that 's why our ( europeans ? ), 
  pension systems where pensions are heavily subsidized from the state 's budget are terribly wrong . 
  your pension should come from your own contributions to a retirement plan ( usa ) . 
  the state should only provide social aid for those bellow the poverty line or step in to pay out some sum ( like the bank deposit guarantee ) if a pension fund folds . 
  also in such a system the pensioners ( which are making up more and more of the voters ) wo n't be inclined to vote for whoever simply promises to raise pensions . 
  conscription ca n't save estonia from russia ( which is its only threat ) , so it would be a pointless waste of people 's youth . 
  the only important thing in such situation is nato . 
  if it does n't dissolve , it can easily push the little green men back to asia . 
  the military spending discrepancy is so huge it 'd be a no contest . 
  whoa !, 
  nope , not evil at all . 
  forgive my ignorance , but did the uk move people into some northern ireland regions to secure the land ? 
  something like the israeli settlements . 
  gee , i 'm starting to wonder how the uk has n't booted these freeloaders yet . 
  no , we are pretty corrupt and the police is often useless , but brutality is not an issue . 
  he is being overly dramatic . 
  they were insolent enough to vote this in secret , they wo n't go without blood . 
  good luck . 
  haha, 
  i still ca n't figure out if they are eastern or central europe . 
  i 'm looking forward to them becoming the powerhouse of the former communist countries . 
  you make it sound underhanded . 
  federal eu is what will happen by itself when we achieve certain goals , without it being a goal itself . 
  asking `` do you want a eu federation ? '', 
  is too big and very vague question , to which most people will say no just to be on the safe side . 
  but asking the people `` do you think we should have a common army that will save us money and increase security capabilities ? '', 
  will probably pass . 
  i think in that way the things that entail a federal state would be accepted . 
  slowly , one by one , as the consequences are more clear . 
  obviously i am a biased federalist . 
  i am happy to consider federal eu inevitable as long as we have the current mood of cooperation and friendship between the members . 
  it is beneficial to everybody and the only reason to not do it is chauvinism . 
  they do n't have to be interested in federal eu itself , just in increasing our common policies . 
  it will happen naturally as we strengthen them . 
  recently we got a eu `` foreign minister '' . 
  now we talk about a eu army . 
  after 10 years ( when it wo n't be perceived as bailing out greece ) it will be the time to talk about eu bonds . 
  it will take a lot of time , but i think we are on course . 
  that 's weird !, 
  i think crusader kings does it better - top tier couple are always king and queen . 
  their descendants are princes and princesses until they become the top dog or marry one . 
  simplify your monarchy , 
  but ... then there is a king and he is not the primary ruler , which is contrary to what you said !, 
  so if the queen marries right now , this new king will rule and his children will inherit !, 
  uk is not a top destination ( 5 % of our emigrants , 70 % of that are gypsies ) , but quite frankly i do n't care about unskilled workers and skilled ones will always get a permit . 
  what i meant is i do n't see anything `` made in the uk '' around here that would be hit with tariffs . 
  hmm ... we 'll miss your universities , other than that i do n't think we do anything with the uk . 
  they are never gon na make america great with those subpar tons, 
  borders are open and the region is poor - you gain nothing from a unification . 
  thank god this guy was n't on security detail during putin 's visit . 
  you may hate putin , but the aftermath would be rather unpleasant . 
  here is what happens https://openload.co/f/bvqeop39tmq/e46c010acf_720.mp4 i do n't know about this ancient model , but they usually can go for a little while without being connected . 
  it was electric before as you can see in the first picture , only the look changed . 
  ... ** free of tariffs ** ... 
  i 'll take all the tomatoes you have . 
  wow , someone felt the need to cover azis, 
  the canary islands are spainish , nearby and have fine weather . 
  i carried one on vacation abroad and had to find a bank to break it , because nobody else would take it . 
  i 'm super confused . 
  i expect russia to be included , but they are not in the second graph . 
  we ca n't be drinking that much on our own , can we ? 
  and the assumed 12.5 g of alcohol per drink makes no sense . 
  strong spirits are 40 % , so one drink is what , 31.25 grams ? 
  i 've seen small drinks of 20 , 25 and 50 , but never ~ 30 . 
  converting grams to ml does n't work either [ ( divide by 0.916 g/ml = 34.1 ml ) ] ( http://www.the-bartender.org/tips-tricks/alcohol-density-chart/ ), 
  you do n't think jews are solar powered gay hate preachers ? 
  lol we got 18 910 , romania - only 1 875 . 
  us 's applicants are from south america . 
  how do you feel about the whole of southern europe moving in with you ? 
  i 'm kinda worried that in a couple of decades we 'll have a lot of middle eastern refugees .
