  i agree and i believe it is too late for any easy outcome . 
  it did n't have to happen in a short time span - greek authorities knew for all the ... inefficiencies , long before the world learned in 2010 . 
  but if they were willing to reform they would n't have to deal with the imf in the first place . 
  now the imf is doing its job - forcing countries in need of its money to improve their functioning . 
  it is not a bank that cares only about returns . 
  it uses money only as a tool to force restructuring . 
  that is to answer why a counter-proposal , with supposedly the same financial effect , may not by acceptable . 
  the world economy will expand forever . 
  we will either die from a disaster or go to space , and space is limitless . 
   i do n't see why you think it is necessary to lend money all the time . 
  there were plenty of years where government budgets were on surplus , which means there was no need to take debt . 
  some countries used it to reduce their debts . 
  it all depends on the timeframe . 
  if you look at a very long time period , yes , all debts would rise as a sum and it is expected , due to the gdp expansion . 
  simply put , greece 's problem is they took out debts to raise the pay of government employees and social benefits so the people vote for the party in power . 
  that is obviously unsustainable in the long run and they did it for a long time . 
  they do n't want to cut the people 's pensions , but the government spending for pensions . 
  greece can do that by cracking down on fraudulent claims and increasing the role of private pension funds . 
  for example , some time ago they revealed that pensions were being paid out to 150 000 dead people for years . 
  also there is a problem with way too many people claiming disability benefits . 
  i do n't know the exact proposal for the military , but perhaps the negotiations are not only about the money , but also about getting things in order so there are no problems in the future . 
   please tell me why this is bullshit , i never saw a western country that was able to reduces it 's dept. 
  there is nothing wrong with debt itself . 
  every bigger business has a credit line and works with debt as well . 
  it would be stupid not to . 
  countries are very much the same . 
  the debt as percentage of gdp varies and depending of the timeframe [ there are examples of it going down ] ( https://www.google.bg/publicdata/explore?ds=ds22a34krhq5p_&amp;met_y=gd_pc_gdp&amp;idim=country:de:fr:it&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=gd_pc_gdp&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country_group&amp;idim=country:dk:se:no:tr:be:bg&amp;ifdim=country_group&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) . 
  but because of inflation and expanding gdp , in absolute sum it does n't need to go down . 
  just as big businesses always have debts proportionate to their revenue ( even apple takes debt , while having billions in the bank ) . 
  countries that end up bankrupt do n't manage that proportion well and make it unsustainable . 
  it is solely their fault , not the system 's . 
  nobody even cares anymore . 
  whatever happens will be decided by the people we voted in the eu and national parliaments , so what 's the problem really ? 
  as an outsider enjoying the show , i 'm rooting for sch\u00e4uble :(, 
  that free money is to expand our economy , which the already rich countries are in a much better position to exploit . 
  you are creating new markets for your own companies , you are not giving us money just because you love us very much . 
  the common market regulations tied to the subsidies guarantee your own return on investment , i.e. 
  we ca n't adopt protectionist laws . 
  most of our economy is owned by foreign companies . 
  i 'm not complaining , but pointing out that the rich countries do have an economic interest . 
  i do n't know if the name is still in use in greece , but there is only the one aristotle i know of . 
  just found it curious . 
   founded by aristotle , 
  tirana does n't draw the scum of the earth looking to rob rich european tourists . 
  that scum branches out to all sorts of crime . 
  albania does n't even have a meaningful gypsy minority . 
  plain old death by firing squad is good enough . 
  but i think death penalty should be reserved for extreme cases , not just murders . 
  for obvious terrorists and sadists - breivik , fritzl , the two who hacked to death a soldier in london , etc. 
  people who are beyond re-education . 
  in a year or so when roaming charges are removed . 
  necrophilia is a bit too much for me , but what is going on in the bedroom of consenting adults is nobody else 's business . 
  why would you care !, 
  not long ago gays were disgusting and earlier it was couples of different races . 
  because the only reason for its ban was genetic disorders and with modern medicine and education it is no longer a problem . 
  i have the feeling they threw necrophilia in to discredit whatever else they want and turn it into a joke . 
  here nobody cares . 
  i am much more worried about the eu 's inaction on the immigration crisis . 
  finally something specific and substantial . 
  did n't know that and i 'll read into it , thanks !, 
  all i take from this is the uk does n't want to adopt the euro ever , but nobody can force them anyway , so what was all the fuss about really ? 
  we know you have the usual small state stuff - casinos , shady financial services , lots of yachts , and knights as a bonus . 
  israel made that up because it needed people . 
  the uk does n't . 
  the table shows net salaries . 
  you get 2300 euro after taxes . 
  on the bright side , if sweden is going to shit , they wo n't have an excuse to keep the sky-high taxes . 
  good , but they have to come up with a better mechanism for bulgaria . 
  send a tank or two . 
  soooo ... we will continue doing what we 've been doing ?!, 
  i do n't understand this title . 
  our borders can be crossed only at the checkpoints anyway , eu or not . 
  that 's a big if, 
  we have that with programmers . 
  yes , there is a huge demand for programmers , because we are a cheap outsourcing destination . 
  pay more and 1 . 
  less people will work elsewhere 2 . 
  less work will be outsourced here because it wo n't be so cheap problem solved . 
  but how did the various europeans become americans ?!, 
  i 've always found it really interesting how strong the us nation is . 
  people still go there from all over the world and in a generation or two consider themselves american . 
  same goes for the awful german language . 
  i 'm still trying . 
  they drink raki , it is different, 
  i expect more effective and restrictive eu legislation and its enforcement . 
  germany is the leader in the eu , so lead . 
  great . 
  i still do n't understand how come we do n't have eu-issued smart id cards . 
  sweet , sweet subsidies . 
  one of the eu policies i do n't agree with . 
  well , okay , i guess you are one of those people who sees soros behind everything . 
  just do n't try tell eastern europeans what happened in the 90s ' eastern europe . 
  they know better than a frenchman . 
  no , that is what free market is n't and what we got after 1989 . 
  what is gs ? 
  people who get rich by merit , not who are appointed by the party to be millionaires . 
  we are just getting the first entrepreneurs worth $ 20m + who we actually know how they made their money and do n't have ties to organized crime . 
  nobody is :d, 
  the fall of communism did n't bring free market , but a couple of decades where party officials and security officers grabbed as much assets as they can . 
  we need at least another decade to recover from that - let competent people amass capital , bring down corruption to normal levels .
