  you may not like the service , but working with contractors is not something new or evil . 
  some years ago i was an employee , now i am self-employed by choice , because i believe i can manage my life better . 
  uber drivers are simply self-employed people . 
  as such :  and if they become ill , they wo n't have any income . 
  where do you think your paid sick leave comes from ? 
  the money you made your employer ( which is now you ) . 
  that translates to - you should save and take care of yourself . 
  self-employed people also have health insurance , like any other worker . 
   if their car breaks down , they 'll have no income . 
  if you are fired you 'd have no income either . 
  as self-employed you can declare you are no longer working and apply for welfare just the same . 
  there are plenty of contractors in the world , uber drivers are not special . 
  english people are the worst drinkers i know , they puke all over our resorts every year . 
  drunks doing stupid shit is nothing new , but i find it surprising that brussels apparently does n't have much cctv . 
  it is shown live on the main public channel . 
  very good for my hangovers . 
  i do n't see what 's so unfortunate about a secular holiday being bigger than a fairy tale . 
  yeah , a casual use of nazi symbolism . 
  it 's just a prank guys . 
   also , according to tsakalotos they would n't allow greece to count anything earned from fighting tax avoidance or corruption towards meeting those targets . 
  jul 2015 greece was still failing after 5 years of `` reforming '' . 
  it is reasonable that the government 's optimistic projections and promises would n't be taken seriously at that point . 
  the enemy probably set budget targets and it was the government 's choice to raise rates instead of improve collection . 
  why are they renewing the sanctions every six months ? 
  they should be in place until ukraine is occupied or explicitly repelled . 
  ... the russian clubs . 
  something something crusaders . 
  we should ask saudi arabia , but they are literally mordor . 
  yes , but laws are not made for the exception , but for the general case . 
  probably they can appeal the rejection a few times . 
  all they have to do is prove where they come from . 
  that is quite easy if you are not lying . 
  even if you lost all your papers ( should be the exception ) there are interviews with people that check if you know the language and the place you claim was your home . 
  they look up people you claim to know . 
  besides that there is still a syrian government that can be asked for id of the person you claim to be and it is in its interest we keep the refugees here . 
  if that is the case they wo n't be rejected asylum in the first place . 
  you really do n't know the value of money in the ( poor ) east , do you ? 
  you are using `` arab '' as a pejorative . 
  do you in turkey have a negative sentiment towards an arab minority , the way eastern european countries do with gypsies ? 
  can you imagine if turkey started to become more radical after it joined ? 
  dodged a bullet there . 
  and raki is not rakia . 
  booooooooooo, 
  okay , i 'm giving it one last try to make myself clear as i see no problem with the initial statement and we are going in circles . 
  eu legislation is passed by eu parliament . 
  it is initiated by something else , but it is passed by the parliament . 
  therefore democracy of eu legislation is ensured . 
  part of that legislation is regulations , which are directly applicable in national law , so the eu in fact does have direct power over members states ' law . 
  ( in my opinion so do directives , because the end result is what is important ) . 
   i said it was n't sovereign . 
  it ca n't act without the states well , nothing can be without the sum of its parts . 
  you are completely right , but i fail to see how adding the details changes the substance of the initial argument . 
  who initiates the law is another matter , the point is eu laws are approved by a eu-wide popular vote by proxy of the members of parliament . 
  and we come to the fundamental issue that we are a democracy and it is normal for the majority to enforce laws on everybody , even those voting against . 
  if the uk does n't agree it ca n't ask for veto powers and exceptions , it can leave . 
  just as a citizen ca n't disregard laws he does n't like . 
  you leave the country and bear all the positives and negatives . 
  i do n't understand what you mean about regulations , they are direct laws . 
  the eu parliament definitely can vote on legislation that becomes law for the member states . 
  no , the majority should as we are a democracy . 
  eu laws are passed by the eu parliament , that is voted in by the eu people . 
  ... and this gives you power over me ? 
  how come in these clips the artillery fire never hits anything . 
  i assume the camera is zoomed on the troops from some distance so it wo n't blow up if it hit . 
  thanks , makes much more sense now . 
  i can even see the traffic cop . 
  why is it taking so long when it was already done with far inferior technology ? 
  this is where the difference between low support and oppose comes . 
  i believe the eastern eu countries neither support , nor oppose . 
  in my country there is absolutely no talk on marriage , be it for or against . 
  we are certainly not as homophobic as russia . 
  what does it matter which bullshit the parents subscribe to ? 
  it is wrong , doctors must be banned from practice , sweden sucks . 
  with such demands i do n't understand why the uk does n't straight out leave . 
  apparently they do n't agree with anything in this union . 
  because they will compensate you whatever they decide . 
  you are much better waiting a year or ten for a real buyer . 
  expropriation is never good for the owner , but is democratically acceptable for the greater good of the public . 
  in this case it is extremely controversial if housing refugees justifies it . 
  in my opinion it absolutely does not , because the state can easily build temporary housing in any free space . 
  our villages are depopulated and nobody wants to live there and raise cows . 
  such positions are open to everybody , but no able-bodied citizens want to live in the middle of nowhere with next to none services . 
  i suspect in the end california will sweep in and ruin our fun . 
  easy to say when you are on the other end of the continent ... 
  we just had a presidential election on sunday . 
  i had to wait 40 minutes , which is okay , but at some places abroad expats waited in line for 3 + hours and come 9 pm the stations closed with some people not being able to vote !, 
  what do you think about that , 
  do you live in a state that does n't have early voting or voting by post ? 
  i envy you for those things . 
  yes , it would be quite a spectacle . 
  hmmm ... the rouble crash changed things . 
  you mean italy, 
  only 3000 arrested now . 
  out of 400 000 active military . 
  how the hell was that coup supposed to work ? 
  but what about the lithuanian prettiest goat then ? 
  `` leave '' won . 
  good for them !, 
  but now that camp will have to prepare the eu exit in very real terms ( to remain in the eea ) . 
  i think they 'll quickly face all the negatives `` remain '' warned about and realize you ca n't wish them away with lies .
