  only they do n't want to leave the ez , but to get * expelled * from the eu . 
  doing maximum damage to the eu and the greek people , who will blame the eu for their misery . 
  then leave nato and embrace russia . 
  / tinfoil it is pretty scary , knowing how nationalist parties throughout the eu are all pro-putin . 
  i disagree that atm both sides are . 
  greek default is the sensible thing and it would have been much easier for the people 3 years ago . 
  giving them money was/is/will be politics ( ideology ) . 
  [ the imf report ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2015/cr15165.pdf ) mainly says that the debt % to gdp ca n't go under a certain number ** by certain year ** if the greek government fails some reforms . 
  it also says if they fail even harder , the debt will be unsustainable and require debt relief . 
   if the medium-term primary surplus target were to be reduced to 2 1/2 percent of gdp , say because this is all that the greek authorities could credibly commit to , then the debt-to-gdp trajectory would be unsustainable even with the 10-year concessional financing assumed in the previous  scenario . 
  gross financing needs and debt-to-gdp would surge owing to the need to pay for the fiscal relaxation of 1 percent of gdp per year with new borrowing at market terms . 
  thus , any substantial deviation from the package of reforms under consideration -- in the form of  lower primary surpluses and weaker reforms -- would require substantially more financing and debt relief the imf does n't say the greek debt is unsustainable . 
  it says it will be if the government continues to avoid the outlined reforms . 
  debt relief is the main issue for the ez and simply impossible for the imf . 
  or they can simply default because they are n't special and nobody is obligated to give them free money ( for the next 20 + years ) . 
  the restructuring was already done . 
  the debt payments as % of gdp are at the normal levels for greece . 
  the problem is they have always ran on borrowed money , but there are no more lenders . 
  that is what has to be cut , not additional funds for the debt payments . 
  and they do n't want to do it , they want to keep borrowing . 
  to what end ? 
  the structural and cohesion funds are essentially a fiscal transfer from the rich to poor . 
  but it is for meaningful stuff . 
  yes , that was my thinking some time ago . 
  then i remembered there is also the banking crisis . 
  their banks ca n't reopen without the ecb , which ca n't give money to a properly bankrupt country . 
  i never associated buildings with copyright laws before . 
  i understand you can disagree with the conditions of the loan . 
  what i ca n't comprehend is tsipras ' sense of entitlement to the european taxpayers ' money . 
  you do n't like it - default and do whatever you think is best . 
  you ca n't go to the bank and demand they give you credit or they are undemocratic nazi terrorists . 
  `` inhuman '' lol, 
   russian `` help '' in 2014 certanly did n't help the economy strange , tourism is usually a booster . 
  it is clear they 'll have to go after the yes vote , but what does that mean for greece ? 
  who will negotiate , how long until a new government is formed ? 
  the imf `` arrears '' are okay , the ecb can play dumb , but if they default on any of the upcoming financial market bonds the rating agencies will announce a default and that will trigger a cross-default avalanche . 
  is that survivable in the open ? 
  the way we are heading , air-conditioning has to become a human right . 
  also we have zero corruption , as the complete lack of corruption charges shows . 
  everybody knows except putin :d, 
  hold on , i thought turkey is perfectly fine with buttsex ? 
  is this erdogan being evil again ? 
  maybe if you are quick about about it , you can get it in parliament before finland is annexed . 
  everybody else can , but they ca n't ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/zh8od9a.png their debt may be high , but it has already been restructured to be very long-term . 
  they can fight by proxy there all they want as they did before . 
  [ greece spends the lowest % of gdp to service debt than any of the other piigs ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11372369/three-myths-about-greeces-enormous-debt-mountain.html ) . 
  the debt is sustainable . 
  their budget is n't . 
  eventual ( military and benefits ) budget cuts do n't have much to do with tax revenue falling . 
  of course , the debt has to be paid after all . 
  the negotiations are about how to come up with the required money , not if . 
  yes . 
  heard of cyprus ? 
  it is a great chance , but it did n't have to get this bad . 
  italy started with the same 100 % debt to gdp and is managing . 
  which tells me things will get a lot worse in greece before people realize their system is unsustainable and the evil creditors were somewhat right . 
  first they will try to keep it the same and that requires printing money , which can spiral out of control due to inept populist governments , that greeks are prone to elect . 
  i 'm saying this without any knowledge of current laws around the eu , but i think there are incentives to get married ( like tax breaks ) that were meant ultimately to promote reproduction . 
  those have to be linked to actually raising a child now . 
  but we ai n't giving up the leadership !, 
  [ 130bn euro ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-26/greek-bank-deposits-fall-to-eleven-year-low ), 
  i honestly do n't know what are they exporting , but check this out , they beat argentina https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_exports_per_capita with a lower worker expenses they can attract new investments in manufacturing . 
  it is part of the eu and has a lot of sea routes . 
  also good for tourism , which is very important for greece . 
  the easiest was to go to italy or bulgaria for a coffee and an account . 
  i do n't expect a greek exit from the euro to negatively impact the ez in the long term . 
  the eurusd is falling at the moment due to uncertainty and simply because the us economy is doing better than ours and has been for a few years . 
  remove uncertainty and you still have the latter . 
  greece is running on loans . 
  removing that from the ez ca n't hurt . 
  it will free up capital for investment ( instead of propping up their social payments ) and lower the need to print money . 
  capital controls to mitigate the bank run . 
  then there are two possibilities : 1 . 
  greece keeps using the euro . 
  that requires having a budget surplus , which is possible with some reforms and not paying any debts . 
  gradually the economy improves and they start paying off the debt . 
  15 years later everything is peachy . 
  greece does n't want any more austerity/reforms . 
  the budget ca n't keep up , because nobody wants to lend greece any more money . 
  they introduce their own currency which they can print as needed . 
  printing money is not catastrophic if done properly . 
  the standard of living will drop sharply , but the economy will gradually pick up as labour will be cheaper and exports more profitable . 
  tourism will increase with the lower prices . 
  with the crisis dragging on for so long , did n't everybody already transfer their money to other ( eu ) countries ? 
  i know that 's what i 'd do , keeping it in cash is dangerous . 
  the atm queues are probably for ongoing payments - pensions and salaries , not savings . 
  we need to . 
  just as much as they need to sell it . 
  if we get another pipe to iran or azerbaijan they 're fucked , but i do n't see anything being done . 
  i do n't think anybody but the greek really cares at this point . 
  if you are illegally running across the border in the forest and ignore the border patrol 's repeated warning to stop , wo n't you be shot ? 
  it is worse than a navy , because that is a threat everybody would perceive immediately . 
  instead here we are arguing . 
  a state exists to secure the well-being of * its * people . 
  an overpopulation of * illegal * immigrants is a threat - at the very least the economy ca n't support them . 
  is there a eu policy stopping the coast guard from firing at intruders ? 
  i think that 's the solution . 
  it is not a border if you do n't protect it . 
  and here in bulgaria we find it funny how the uk keeps complaining about eastern europeans , while being overran with illegal africans and arabs , that are much more troublesome to integrate .
