somewhere in rural brandenburg greenland !, 
  we 'll always kill each-other . 
  i 'd rather get shot than hacked . 
   because unless it is a formal military alliance , any agreements there may be become meaningless when war breaks out . 
  `` a formal military alliance '' is just a contract , agreement , promise . 
  there is nothing special about it , still can be broken the same way . 
  which speaks a lot about nato 's reliability . 
  `` article 5 ? 
  pfff , do n't feel like it . '', 
   they have no use for english they said as france has such large culture surrounding it already on the internet and media . 
  having access to the world 's wealth of information has no use . 
  [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_internet_usage#/media/file:websitesbylanguagepiechart.svg ) so french . 
  that was a controlled process in accordance with the law , eastern europeans did n't just rush the border . 
  free shipping included . 
  you expect ukraine to take care of you ( supplies , banks , borders ) while you are waging war against it ?!, 
  i 'll refrain from saying anything else , because i realize both sides have their own truth , but that sounded too crazy . 
   refusal could see them booted out of the dublin regulation how is that a punishment ? 
  thanks , obama !, 
  omg i do n't know german politics , is there even remote possibility ? 
  it depends a lot on country . 
  i think eastern europeans have very little issue with being openly xenophobic because we are more homogeneous and we 've been hating on gypsies forever . 
  first they have to change people 's perception of refugees as illegal migrants and that can happen only with real measures against the latter . 
  good on you czech & slovakia !, 
  then a very persuasive leader will rise to fix things , while blaming the hardships on some local minority . 
  ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ a ^ ^ conspiracy, 
  sensationalist pictures of drowned migrants are fine , but crying locals that are forced to put up with shit are not ? 
  both are on the same level , let redditors decide . 
  people lose their jobs every day , but most of them do n't demand the government to find them another regardless realities of the market . 
  farmers protest every fucking year since forever . 
  everybody knows the deal when they get into farming . 
   perfectly fine yeah , dictatorships are generally awesome . 
  better than being in germany . 
  i do n't think there is a legal way to do that . 
  one would think if frau merkel cares so much she would make it possible for them to apply at said camps . 
  because people are n't paying their mortgage ? 
  mitigating corruption . 
  ohh , it 's pathetic :(, 
  i meant by land . 
  somehow i associate refugees with endless columns of people , not boat smugglers . 
  hey , why refugees are n't heading for russia , it is closer than the eu ? 
  yes , sex with a minor , which actually still can carry a sentence in years . 
  i understand proving rape can be tricky , but come on ... 
  i really wish those animals become missing persons in the near future . 
  or a norwegian to tell us sane motives for the court decision . 
  that is totally understandable human nature . 
  but the moment they move from a safe country they become mere migrants . 
  crossing the border outside the legal procedures is a crime . 
  criminals are to be prosecuted , but the governments do nothing which riles people up . 
   millions of refugees  economic immigrants apples and oranges , man . 
  will someone from norway please explain what the fuck ?? 
  actually yes , the eu 's relaxed policies are to blame . 
  if boats were sunk and illegals deported , this would n't be happening . 
  yes , symbolic gestures . 
  [ some weapons shipments were so small that commanders had to ration ammunition . 
  one of the u.s. 's favorite trusted commanders got the equivalent of 16 bullets a month per fighter . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/covert-cia-mission-to-arm-syrian-rebels-goes-awry-1422329582 ) there have been plenty such complaints from rebels if you follow journalists that report from the field . 
  they did n't do and still are n't doing anything meaningful . 
  seriously , if you had the backing of the most powerful and sophisticated military in the world you would n't be able to beat the failed syrian state for 4 years ?? 
  oh yeah , the us made some halfassed commitment in september 2014 . 
  the war started in march 2011 . 
  isis started making the news in early 2014 . 
  they did n't arm the rebels vs assad , they are making pathetic attempts to contain isis . 
  the un investigation ca n't say who used them . 
  but yes . 
  yeah , those aks are certainly coming from the us . 
  the problem is exactly that the us did n't arm the rebels or do anything meaningful . 
  korea and vietnam were proxy wars . 
  the same way now russia does n't need a resolution to aid syria or saudi arabia - yemen . 
  i kinda misinterpreted that as complete lack of unsc action , but i understand how people mean a distinct resolution authorizing nato/us . 
  in both cases rules were bent , but there were years of prior resolutions and non-compliance . 
   please , like the lack of a un council resolution ever stopped the west from interfering when it really wanted . 
  i 'm interested in examples . 
  and i thought in our civil society people are entitled to their own opinions . 
  i do n't like cats . 
  all of them . 
  the prolonged civil war is . 
  and both have nothing to do with uk being in the eu . 
  a vote for exit would be pretty interesting because the politicians would have to execute it , but economists are against . 
  what prime minister wants a recession as his legacy ? 
  because putin likes assad 's wife . 
  i do n't think so , you had a nice riot in 2011 and if i recall correctly those were just black english citizens . 
  illegal immigrants , refugees and radicals are much more dangerous because of desperation and us vs them mentality . 
  the potential is there . 
   they saved them from nazism and called upon the greatest 50 years of polish history . 
  where everything was fantastic and nobody had any worries . 
  sounds very familiar :d, 
   and i do n't think that buying used planes is going to solve the problem . 
  small countries ca n't afford a meaningful fleet . 
  not only the initial costs are huge , but also keeping it up to date . 
  the important thing is to have pilots . 
  they can learn good enough with used planes . 
  in case of war equipment can be supplied by a big industrious ally , but pilots take years to train . 
  this should be covered by the law as subversive activities against the state and warrant extradition or revoking citizenship . 
  slippery slope , i know , but things are only getting worse . 
  if all the refugees were applying in cyprus okay , but they come from other safe countries into the eu . 
  in my opinion refugees should be settled in temporary camps in the safe syrian neighbors with the un ( including the eu ) footing the bill . 
  what was this about ? 
  what did wikipedia fix/remove ? 
  good news for greece . 
  if you are lucky enough you can [ find one ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=bg&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.mediapool.bg%2favtomat-kalashnikov-izpluva-na-plazha-na-sveti-vlas-news236818.html&amp;edit-text= ) while on vacation .
