  between # 2 and hundreds depending on what you mean by night out, 
  please get out of the stone age , so you can get public health care, 
  most i what i know from the us i know from tv and the internet . 
  other than martin luther king jr, 
  stop making tea in harbours . 
  it is much nicer with freash and boiling water, 
  that is why communism does n't spread here . 
  the rich people all think homepathy is good and vacines are bad . 
  with two irishmen missing fry ups i have to wonder if you are just scotland 2.0 . 
  do you have irn bru there ? 
  they make so many types of cheeses . 
  not on of them is cheader, 
  france : stop talking when i use what little french i know to say hello spain : stop playing to give me spanish lessons after using the little spanish i know . 
  germans : start speaking english english : start speaking french , spanish , german , and/or latin . 
  then ask if i 'm from scotland, 
  0 winter and a new temperature everyday in summer, 
  punching people, 
  my dyslexia has its own sense of humour, 
  same thing that happens in whales, 
  human , unless you 're from aberdeen, 
  # 1,000.99 would be the correct way, 
  most of our history has been `` there 's people in those hills !, 
  kill them ! '', 
  you ca n't talk about the rain like that , it will drown you, 
  like most things here i drunk child could solve the problem . 
  the current problem is that the nhs is underfunded . 
  the torries soloution is to cut funding, 
  wow my dxylica is censoring me with out my knowing, 
  torries do n't give a shift about non-rich people , we only have net neutrality becuase we are still currently in the eu, 
  not unless is was done so on the molecular level, 
  am i missing something ... if anything my soviet union jokes is about 21 years too late, 
  all my friends at uni can cook . 
  to a point were everyone avoids the on site catering because we cook better for 1/4 of the price . 
  i am told the us is the inverse of that , were their catering is good but the people ca n't cook, 
  that is n't a scottish thing . 
  i mean , it sounds like it could be . 
  but at least it is n't around the lothains, 
  i would have to go with france , because i was young and was taken to shit cheap places . 
  but i would imagine if i got to pick it would be nice . 
  if we went by average i would have to go with uk aswell because there a lots of big componies selling bad food . 
  but people can cook well . 
  maybe we should start somekind of military union with the romanians , seing as they eat bears edit in america , bears eat you , in former soviet states , you eat bear, 
  do you mean scrambeled egg ? 
  it is rumored that the english first tought the france to cook . 
  earning the nick name roast beef . 
  i am not going to comment on that , just stating that the english must of really pittied your cooking, 
  every now and again , our people regain the will to live , and instead of just shoving gruel down our faces to survive . 
  we go into the cupboard , pull out the pasta , garlic , tomatoes , onions , basil , tyme , oregno , and go hunting . 
  then we make something so good it makes every chef near the med want to hang themselves . 
  but currently we just want to stop feeling dead inside , and such a meal may give us false hope . 
  big names have the same menu restarunt to restarunt . 
  have to find local places for that . 
  even the small town coffee stands mix things up a little bit, 
  that 's in london . 
  did you leave the house looking ? 
  edinburgh has lots of afican and south american food . 
  and london dwafs it, 
  us students eat only dry noodles . 
  scottish students joke about eating dry pasta , and out cook the catering staff . 
  did you try not going to a bad kebab shop . 
  find a good kebab shop then remove kebab, 
  mate !, 
  i 've had german sauasage , it was so full of fat it it exploded into white goo . 
  i have been mocked ever since . 
  nothing should be that filled with fat sincerly the inventors of the deep fried mars bar and ice cream cone, 
  i 've notice that you can tell who live during wwii and who did n't becuase the ones that lived through it are less anti-german . 
  while the ones that did n't want to grab a rifle and start marching, 
  that is what wheel chairs are for . 
  or tall people to carry you, 
  you do n't have to stand next to them , just in a line . 
  a lot of wars america drugs us into the public do n't really support . 
  i might be too young to remember otherwise though i just pity the idiots who sign up and have to die in a place they should n't be . 
  why not save a tree and form a line ? 
  scotland - overly affectionate of sheep . 
  england - overly affectionate of pigs whales - overly affectionate of sheep . 
  northern ireland - overly affectionate of sheep the kingdom of fife - drug and murder capital . 
  aberdeen - really overly affectionate of sheep glasgow - prototype fife london - the 52ed state ( there 's 51 us states right ? ), 
  wear a kilt and point . 
  universal :-d, 
  even the english are n't 100 % confident at it, 
  between 0-1 depending, 
  wait does russian count ? 
  i mean most of the population is in europe but land wise asia ? 
  i ` ld quite like to learn latin and anceint greek . 
  catalonain appeals to me as well as i have realatives in spain , and gealic for clear reasons . 
  i think german would be useful because i like tanks and biplanes . 
  but i might just pick up the french or spannish ( that language most catalionas speak ) beacue they are the lanague books that are in the house due to education reasosn . 
  non-european : the only thing keeping me from learning russian , other than the non-latin aplphabet , and easy access . 
  is their waste of t-34-85 in ukraine . 
  a sharp knfie could of hurt them . 
  thoose poor poor t-34s . 
  the languange education system here is a joke . 
  you just learn words . 
  rarely do you get context and the teachers are all shit because 5 people speack a non-englishlanague , and it is a leagal requirement to teach . 
  i did n't know i was suposed to consume media in that lanague until i talked to forgein person about it at uni, 
  the `` news '' is using shetland independence to try to stop us from wanting it . 
  funny thing is most people i 've talked to fully support it . 
  it would be a dick move to not let them . 
  everyone hates the english . 
  even the english,
