  not one of my words started with v , nor can i think they of a curse that starts with it, 
  still a wine , never had it . 
  we made wine is college once , only wine i 've tasted and it was not nice, 
  i admit i do n't know when the dash cam was invented , but i think it was after wwii, 
  when i went to boveington tank mesuem i felt like i was in a different country . 
  it was about the same diffrance to being in spain . 
  no one understoon what i said , nor appecpted my money . 
  i 've never heard of vojvodina , and because the spannish govement are even more of a c *** to catalonia than the torries are to us . 
  why would you , is this a thing ? 
  scotland , due to our horrible weather . 
  have the idea climate for growing pest free potatoes . 
  everytime , scottish farming , patotoes , and pests , are mention at uni we get told that we are known globaly for our seed potato exports, 
  you do realise that they 'll just piss on the street right ? 
  2020 , the torries try to take over spain to `` protect '' gibraltar . 
  end up invadeing germany by `` missreading '' a map, 
  a lot of objections to gmos i 've ran into are more onjections to morden farming practices . 
  pests will adapt to any pesticide gmos make ( we spary them every where anyway , they are adapting ) . 
  they will escape and ran havoc in the wild ( happens all the time with any human cultivated plant , but if we can make the gmo infirtile its gon na have a fan time trying to escape ) it will make all crops genticily the same ( they aready are , that is what gentic enginering should be trying to fix ) they will pollute the ground ( less than sparying nitrogen everywhere ) tl : dr morden farming practices are horrible , and people only care about gmos being horrible, 
  i would n't go binary , but there are now a lot of needless flairs, 
  if we remove antartica all 0 citizans will rise up and take over europe . 
  it 's complecated ( scotland ), 
  i think a case is to be made for gabralta , that over sea terrtiory we look to be going to war over spain over . 
  ( also south of spain ), 
  birth rates are decreaseing in europe because a few genarations ago we had a war , and child death rates decreased . 
  i would go with russia and former ussr states as well , due to ussr is bad and no one may learn about it , as well as the physical distance . 
  although i 'm told that be we ( uk ) and the ussr have the only document reports of tanks ramming other tanks, 
  beer , wine , and vodka potatoes and pasta both leaning towards loud . 
  what the f *** 's a vegtable ? 
  culture, 
  do n't worry , we can make that number higher, 
  hmmm . 
  antibotics . 
  decent leaders . 
  antiboitics . 
  decent leaders . 
  tought choice, 
  i 'm told they have had state health care since 2012, 
  all the faith they had had had had no effect on the outcome of his life, 
  comman , yes . 
  illegal also yes . 
  are you okay, 
  unless you 're one a crusade to install democracy every where you should be fine . 
  people might see your ... style of english as aggressive due to british style under pronouncing unimportant words and pronouncing important words correctly . 
  compared to the us accent were you use volume on your important words . 
  lindy beige did a video on it . 
  it was summed up as : british : sorry izwas late iz stuck n traffic us : sorry i was late , but i was stuck in traffic tl ; dr be nice, 
  guns are expensive here . 
  hunting is more of a rich man 's port . 
  but fishing equipment can be bought for # 2 , if you are willing to make do with just hocks and string, 
  romans clearly, 
  snp because every other party actively tries to make my life needlessly difficult . 
  with the possible exception of the scottish greens, 
  for some reason you brought massachusetts into it , talking as if it was the entire us . 
  if i have misinterpeted your point i 'm sorry . 
  massachusetts is a state . 
  the us is made of many states . 
  people still get ostracised for being gay or atheist . 
  you still have teachers refuseing to teach anything about charles darwin becuase it contradicts the bible . 
  i mean we have nutjobs here , but naw enoguth to be the norm . 
  not `` holy '' ones anyway, 
  it might be due the the us being settled by religious puritans and australia being settled by hungry bread thieves, 
  we have a lot of sugar in a food . 
  yet we 're surprised at the us sugar consumption, 
  mexico is ` merica 2.0 ( one of the unimportant european empires had a go ) 3.0 is canada . 
  it is going well so far . 
  my understanding of english politics is that a right wing government did well once , so now even one wants to be more right wing than the other one . 
  disputes the people 's left leaning tendencies . 
  we 're just left wing enough to want to leave, 
  and that it would save the nhs , which due to even more budget cuts is increasingly being call a humanitarian crisis, 
  because we are the biggest exporters to europe . 
  or at least our biggest industries are also the uk biggest as well, 
  we had plan . 
  granted i ca n't find the originals but we had plans . 
  i ca n't comment on if they were good plans , but the snp were n't throwing people under the bus just to get in power i have evidence that some plans existed https://stv.tv/news/politics/249886-referendum-white-paper-defence-policy-in-an-independent-scotland/, 
  good for france , terrible for the former soviets / soon to be russia again, 
  neither , they 're both right wing authoritarian lunatics . 
  usa 3.0 would begin edit on second thought usa 4.0, 
  i think the people here are left leaning but only have right wing parties to vote for . 
  ( scotland gets snp and scottish greens with i 'm told are centre ), 
  dexylia 's a birch, 
  queen, 
  depending on what you call scots , it etheir translates to , or is slang for , can not, 
  how about canne run for pm because she 's too popular, 
  but she gets here power form god . 
  would n't that make the magic sky baby in charge ? 
  i have reason to be , not one person voted for her to be in that position and i 'm supposed lie down and take it because that 's how the system works . 
  instead of changing the system . 
  she 's the person in charge of the state , who else would be, 
  so important she had to take charge so she could go on holiday and leave borris the clown in charge that not only was a general election , no one in here own party got a chance to vote her as partly least , and by extension head of state , and still , unironicly , insist that she . 
  and only she . 
  is the will of every british citizen : teresa may . 
  do n't invent the deep fried : ice cream , mars bar , or pizza and you should be fine, 
  might be eather . 
  the goverment sates that 65 % of people are obesease here . 
  this might be a reading off point for you . 
  since when were good translations funny ? 
  i went on holiday i got stared at a lot when i was in spain . 
  the spanish making me speak spanish did n't speak english, 
  i 'm a bit of a tank nerd . 
  a combination of things like armoured wagon 7 with a 8.8 cm gun .
