normaly fuck west minster . 
  but i think if we want to escape brittish stupidity , we may have to move to a place with more sane voters . 
  i think the uk will have a civil war in the next 20 years if we do n't get rid of the first past the post system . 
  the torries and labour keep turning more and more into each other , as well as the snp drifting more like them as well, 
  an american once asked if me and my dad were speaking gaelic . 
  when we only know english . 
  one once asked me how to walk from oban to edinburgh ( said the canadian way ) a day 's drive , or a hell of a swim . 
  to be fiar , a lot of the mainland understand english to better extents than we understand other languges . 
  i do n't think you understand how cheaply they can be made, 
  i currently play a lot of world of tanks ( the mobile one is better balance than the pc one ) and vurden . 
  i remember likeing me a lot as well as halo before bungie left, 
  the torries decided otherwise . 
  although i think i can pick a launge i can take my mirco degree and leave anyway so ... 
  you ever save anyone ? 
  english just steals words it lacks form other languages . 
  it has been discribe as three langauges wearing a trench coat, 
  every problem here that is n't brittish , is german, 
  snp did have a plan for leaving the uk , it was written and published months before the vo ... oh you mean brexit * edit , it many not of been months , but it was a good while before, 
  '' i cast fire bolt ! '' '', 
  '' i cast .303 ! '', 
  all members of the uk decide to go independent the american way . 
  but none as violently as the english, 
  most of europe still hate the english before steam ships existed, 
  because every polititon would rather make themselves look good than fix any problem, 
  it is illegal to cycle on a path that shares a kerb with the road . 
  ( the legal term of a pavement ) so if there is some dirt between the road and path you can cycle on the path . 
  also if your doing a safe speed no one should arrest you, 
  i dinnae think we do anything discreetly anymore . 
  east germany, 
  https://www.tesco.com/groceries/product/details/?id=278503924 you cannae be looking very hard . 
  although to be fair the next popular supermarket i could google a sale was waitrose , followed by nothing, 
  do you really want to put coco-puffs and deep fired mars bars in the same kind of junkfood . 
  high school was half 8 . 
  it can take anywhere for one or two hours ot get there in some cases . 
  more if traffic, 
  like the queen does , or with renting ? 
  i have no problem with it . 
  suger coated sugery ceral mostly . 
  children old enough to be in charge of their own breakfast skip it and get junkfood before lunch because school starts too early, 
  that would invole competancy from west minster, 
  well i 'm naw a dick , so i get a long quite well if they are also naw a dick . 
  i thought jaywalking was only a yankee thing . 
  because they blamed the people getting ran over instead of the drivers, 
  i was not aloud internet access that was not the aol home-screen in till i was 12 my sister had a smart phone with un-restrictive access at 12 . 
  i do n't think there is an average, 
  this gets sung at our football teams games than our anthem https://youtu.be/xz4ib-7fjqy, 
  i am 70 % certain that one of thoose 3 was , at one point , englands anthem . 
  we started paying attention to english politics . 
  we plan on raising the amount we drink, 
  the deep fried mars bar, 
  millennial refers to anyone born after 1980 . 
  we will soon have millennials that also have grand children that are millennials, 
  we give them horse shi ... 
  i mean horse droppings, 
  a few , they tend to exist in touristy areas or bowling alleys, 
  find wastington , clicks every state but wastington . 
  finds maryland and rode island fist time, 
  sometimes, 
  funny thing really . 
  scots is a dialect of english . 
  to have scots as its own language it would make english and language family . 
  i suspect it is not because the latin speaking gaels hate it when england gets more influence , and the celtic-roman -- western-germanic people ruled by french speaking vikings just scream `` reeeeeeeeeeeee ! '', 
  at the top of their lungs anytime scotland gains more influence . 
  the number of people who speak french compared to the people who learn it do not line up nicely . 
  although it is a problem with my local council ... 
  scotland the law is just a second language . 
  for what ever reason it is universal french . 
  only problem is there is n't one decent french teacher . 
  well french or gaelic, 
  not military , and did carry out but we went and tried to set up an empire by building the panama canal before the tech invented existed . 
  our plan to fund it was by selling wool jumpers to the locals . 
  well hell had more than two cauldrons , but i nicked them, 
  yeah but it is when they try to oppress others for not being one of them . 
  eye for an eye makes the whole world blind and all, 
  you are aware you still have edinburgh right ? 
  edit at time of posting op had a uk flair, 
  i am a dsylxic scotsman with a speach disorder , spelling is hard, 
  chedder , followed by red lesiter or maybe edam or motterella, 
  imperial and yes . 
  the us uses a variant that is based of metric units . 
  pounds and stone are used here in non-scientific areas along with inches . 
  speed is rarely done in km/h and distance is commonly referred to in time . 
  such as dave : how far away is the shop ? 
  jim : about 15 mins down the hill, 
  if they could do that to us they would . 
  there 's a reason marxism is making a come back with people too young to live through the ussr and because we do n't teach anything about it in school . 
  who was it that said those that do n't remember the past are doomed to repeated it ? 
  we have most us foods here . 
  but they taste of food rather than sugar . 
  imported us sweet ( selling other foods ) have turned into the new version of polish shops, 
  there 's always legal ways round if you make make enougth money, 
  becuase we somehow need german laws telling the torries they ca n't treat the working class like animals i do n't want a one giant country , i am fine with just the open market and free movement . 
  although we need a way to fix the immgrants working shit job cheaper than me . 
  it is hard to find part time work and uni student at the same time, 
  there is about two dialects a postcode, 
  depends on the general election results . 
  there is some resentment due to recent problems in the eu but we are too busy with being dicked over by west minster to really care, 
  i am really good at guessing french when written down . 
  not so much with the other romance languages . 
  but there was token attempts to teach me french in school,
