  just mix some olive oil , yogurt , vinegar , anise and cucumber and go to town !, 
  yes , it certainly created a stir among my peers . 
  it 's tiny and yet so masterfully sculpted . 
  my mothers family has roots in pontos and they were used to a recipe with anise seeds and fresh chopped dill . 
  it 's a bit on the sweet side but tasty as hell !, 
  i usually make it with dill though . 
  you 'd love `` melitzanosalata '' , the greek version of baba ghanoush . 
  the smoky taste and the garlic/vinegar combination is amazing . 
  you look great !, 
  keto does that to you . 
  i 'm also at my lowest since highschool . 
  i started around 235 pounds and i just dropped below 200 towards the goal of 180 . 
  here you are, 
  you could play your videos without rooting it , just drop them in the sd card or internal memory and go nuts . 
  i use mxplayer and solid explorer to browse my video library on my computer . 
  the screen is superb . 
  i have the hd + and the picture quality and crispness is amazing, 
  no problem !, 
  i got my nook when it was first released . 
  it cost me close to 300 $ ( including shipping to greece ) and i do not regret it . 
  reading , games and movies are a pleasure . 
  as far as i understand , the bargain price is an attempt from b&n to get rid of their stock , as it could n't compete with the various kindle and nexus tablets . 
  moreover their new devices will probably run some version of the windows , so they have nothing to lose . 
  as for the skin , if you are a bit comfortable playing with roms you can easily get rid of it and install the new cm10 .1 version on the internal memory and get the [ full jelly bean experience ] ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2263553 ), 
  if your primary reason is just watching movies , i think you 're going to be happy with the out-of-the-box experience . 
  you can always root it later . 
  both , probably ... 
  like a basilisk ? 
  redditception 'd, 
  i 'm guessing the aussies have gone to sleep . 
  no worries , the greeks are here !, 
  sleep is soooo last year !, 
  bring me the coffee !, 
  it 's never over !, 
  no , at the time it was in a small village , probably smaller than athens . 
  what about a seiko sary005 ? 
  i just ordered it and i think it is one of the most beautiful watches around . 
  i found it on ebay ( seller id4watches ) for 190 $ including shipping . 
  it also goes by the name srp188j, 
  thessaloniki , greece, 
  during my army stint i masturbated inside a watchtower , right on the greek-turkish border . 
  my new seiko sary005 ( a.k.a. 
  seiko srp119j1 ) on my 7 '' wrist . 
  the texture of the inner circle and the raised roman numerals are just amazing . 
  * details * :, 
  silver dial with blue hands, 
  stainless steel case and bracelet, 
  date calendar display at 3 o'clock position, 
  water resistant 100m ( 10bar ), 
  23 jewels, 
  * measurements * :, 
  case diameter : 42mm ( including crown ), 
  case diameter : 39mm ( excluding crown ), 
  it 's nice , and it compliments the clock face . 
  it 's a combination of brushed/shiny vertical `` links '' that terminate in non-movable end links between the lugs . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://watch-tanaka3.sub.jp/seiko/sary005/sary005_3.jpg ) a photo from the net . 
  morning coffee with my new seiko 5 sports automatic snzg11j1, 
  in the 3rd pic is the watch before i set up the day/date . 
  ironically placed on a big piece of quartz crystal . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's the original strap - i 've ordered a bunch of natos ' and i plan to change it as soon as they arrive . 
  'till then it 's just acceptable . 
  i think your watch is ok for your work - casual but not overly so . 
  wear it proudly , i 've seen much worse in the hands of government workers . 
  autoerotic mummification ... 
  what about a seiko sary005 ? 
  i just got it a week ago and i think it is one of the most beautiful watches around . 
  you 'd be surpirised at the amount of ipads i see everyday in my commute in thessaloniki , greece . 
  it 's probably a status issue , but even that says a lot . 
  for the record i own a nook color and nook hd + . 
  love them !, 
  dexter loses the `` passenger '' in the ( spoiler alert ) moloch-driven book ( the third in the series ) , not the one with the doctor . 
  edit : it 's the 3rd book, 
  most of the books in the dexter series are very well written . 
  examples :, 
  `` nothing in life is fair . 
  fair is a dirty word and i 'll thank you not to use that language around me . '', 
  `` saturday morning was their unrestricted television time , and they usually took advantage of it to watch a series of cartoon shows that would certainly have been impossible before the discovery of lsd . '', 
  `` another beautiful miami day . 
  mutilated corpses with a chance of afternoon showers . 
  i got dressed and went to work . '', 
  `` perhaps because i 'll never be one , humans are interesting to me . '', 
  `` ... my conscience has the same hard reality as a unicorn . '', 
  `` detective , i do n't know where the boyfriend is , really , '' i said . 
  and it was true , considering tide , current , and the habits of marine scavengers . '', 
  it 's been a while since i last read it too , but i think the reason dexter could n't kill in the second book was doakes ' continued surveillance-stalking . 
  collecting unemployment benefits to make a living is not a livable option . 
  it 's just 360 euros/month and it expires after six months , provided you completed 6 months of work the previous year . 
  for most people that just covers the rent and maybe some bills . 
  nope , riace is in the ionian sea , antikythera in the aegean . 
  i 've got the same - only in red . 
  perfect for a single person or a small family . 
  good looking too !, 
  exactly !, 
  the glass fogs as soon as i turn it on and water forms at the edges soon after that . 
  there seems to be some wiggle room but so far my meals are perfect . 
  also , the metal bowl is amazing . 
  you can brown the meat and store it in the fridge and do it all without the need for another pan . 
  stephen fry is bipolar and he is a virtual renaissance man . 
  she just sounds like a lazy bitch .
