  take isis shopping for furniture . 
  be extremely clear that smoking is not allowed in your place . 
  i had to find ( the hard way ) that a lot of people do n't bother reading house rules or descriptions . 
  the [ hephesteion ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3339/3472432629_ede98c59c6_o.jpg ) in athens only retains the external colonnade . 
  the original roof was replaced by a barrel dome in the byzantine era . 
  the internal colonnade was also removed at the same time . 
  edit : added a photo, 
  some people say bush 's actions might actually be worse . 
  because donald could just have been bragging and billy actually acted as a pimp , pushing the actress to hug him and take his arm . 
  and do n't forget podesta 's creamy risotto recipe . 
  i remember the tight black t-shirt . 
  i am copying an amazing comment from the site, 
   you know what ? 
  i 've had it up to here with this guy . 
  so let 's throw a little reality check on america 's mayor . 
  yes , giuliani was out on the streets on 9/11 and on a day when every bush administration official senior to karen hughes had bolted down a hidey-hole , that seemed pretty darn inspiring to see the mayor of new york city out and about . 
  but here are the inconvenient facts . 
  the reason giuliani was on the streets and not in the city 's emergency command center was that the ecc had just gotten blown up . 
  and the reason the ecc had just gotten blown up was that giuliani personally overrode the strong recommendation of every one of his emergency managers and sited the ecc in the world trade center , a place that terrorists had already attacked once and publicly promised to attack again . 
  and the reason he put the ecc in the world trade center is that having it there gave him a tax-payer funded extra-marital love nest within walking distance of his office . 
  so the real reason that giuliani was so visible out on the streets and so ` inspiring ' on 9/11 was because his own piss-poor judgment and self-dealing with government resources had left him with no place else to go . 
  and right now , he just needs to shut up . 
  [ why am i persecuted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebtchppdcu8 ), 
  seth myers called him millionaire yesterday . 
  it 's weird he has n't responded yet . 
  the hero we need !, 
  it 's like reading finnegan 's wake - but less fun and without any meaning . 
  not sure about today , but someone made $ 9 mil . 
  back in the 90 's with the [ getty kouros ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/getty_kouros ) . 
  she was almost decent in her last appearance ( the one about the second debate ) . 
  but the bar for her is pretty low . 
  according to game change he was dead set on lieberman and had him ( properly ) vetted but it was leaked by graham and it was immediately decried by fox and the conservative media . 
  [ yep ] ( https://twitter.com/jonostrower/status/786447716737880065/photo/1 ) , [ they do ] ( http://gizmodo.com/trump-supporters-claim-first-class-armrests-couldnt-mov-1787749381 ), 
  certainly . 
  but in the same time it 's sad to see such a sharp decline in political discourse . 
  sure , palin tapped the vein that was to become the tea party , but romney and ryan are basically rational people . 
  they thought they could contain this undercurrent into the mainstream of the party only for the inmates to finally get control of the asylum . 
  this insanity that is brought up by trump , reminds me the election in my country ( greece ) that saw the neo-fascists enter the parliament with a 15 % of the votes because they managed to tap into this vein of fear , economic anxiety and xenophobia . 
   would be awesome . 
  and would give donald his first aneurism . 
  tied with the name-and-shame of the republicans for the zedroga bill . 
  nope , you have to bring two experts and give them equal time to debate whether or not owls exist . 
  otherwise you 're biased . 
  this !, 
  i love the geometry of this font, 
  i am sorry for your loss . 
  be well . 
  props if the doctor is the same one ( bernstein ? ), 
  that provided the crazy letter which said that donald was the healthiest human ever . 
  that point was either after the republican convention or clintons 9/11 illness . 
  it represented reality as it was reported by the polls at that time . 
  nope , the reality at that time was that clinton was down and trump was surging , either because of his convention bump or because of the illness and the health rumors plus the foundation issue . 
  and that 50 % was on his `` polls only '' and `` now-cast '' models that are designed to represent the sudden changes in the polling . 
  the `` polls plus '' model never showed trump over 45 % and roughly corresponds with the other major models . 
  yep , you got it , i have a personal stake at silver 's success . 
  i am not defending all his predictions , i just pointed that there were two points in time that trump was up and clinton was down - and that was represented in the polls . 
  and no , i am not skilled enough to go through all that trouble to discover something that silver stated numerous times himself ; that two of the three variations of the models are designed to show the volatility of the race . 
  imagine polls do n't exist ... 
  donald moved to an android phone , as a punishment for apple for not breaking the encryption of their device . 
  his campaign tweets from an ios device . 
  that would be amazing . 
  mix the emmys and the medals in such a fashion that the presenters have to pin the award on the dress or the suit of the winner . 
  [ lindsay graham ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elujzmls5ec ) has a nice sense of humor . 
  he might be a traditional republican but the guy can deliver his lines . 
  is n't it time for democrats to grow some pairs of balls and play the same game republicans win all these years ? 
  * have you tried turning it off and on again ? 
   who would vote for trump even in a normal election, 
  i think his biggest asset are non college educated white males . 
  i wonder what eco would write about this election . 
  is that just for the show or it also applies for the books ? 
  it 's been years since i last red them but i thought they were still filthy rich . 
  awww the tiny pope in his tiny popemobile !, 
  snowden was covered by the daily show the day the news broke . 
  it happened on the first day of john oliver 's run and i remember they did a number of pieces until jon returned . 
  * what do they say ? 
   `` the new poll comes just days after christie signed into law a 23-cent-per-gallon increase in the gas tax '', 
  i am pretty sure he will find a way to blame obama for this. ,, 
  i imagine her baiting the_d with swedish pepe memes . 
  he called it ( among others ) an orwelian nightmare and responded to claims that it was all legal with `` we do n't say you broke any laws . 
  we say it 's fucking impressive you did n't have to '' . 
  not exactly soft words . 
  as for snowden , oliver did almost an entire episode of lwt coverng the subject for 20 minutes . 
  amazing - especially if the trend continues . 
  when was the last time a third party carried a state ? 
  no , do n't be !, 
  they are still in the house , they just got lost playing with a ball of yarn !, 
  or kellyanne forgot her tranquilizer gun again . 
  he did the same during the first republican debate . 
  he was the only one who raised his tiny hand when the host asked if there was anyone who would n't support the eventual nominee . 
  the komrades in novosibirsk were asleep . 
  finnegan 's wake set in modern america, 
  nicole wallace and schmidt run mccain 's 2004 campaign . 
  they are normal conservatives ( non paranoid ) . 
  is that good or bad ? 
  [ yup ] ( https://youtu.be/akn1q5sjbei ), 
  amazing photo , both for its historic and artistic merit . 
  dibs on jon hamm !, 
  and/or daniel radcliffe . 
  stay-at-home dad . 
  prepare dinner for my boys while they 're hard at work .
