  check for moisture or oils on the screen and wipe it with a cloth . 
  not sure if there 's a more permanent solution . 
  my first guess would be moisture trapped between the screen and the protector . 
  but since the problem existed before you may have a defective device . 
  if the problem is that annoying you may try and return it/have it replaced with a new unit . 
  i am a macedonian , and though blue-eyed , i 'm not blonde . 
  very few are anyway . 
  i only have the nook hd + so i can not comment on the kindle , but the screen is superb in clarity , contrast and color . 
  as for the organization , that depends on your reader of choice . 
  i 've bought mantano reader and , after importing all my books , i created categories and sorted my books there . 
  it 's one of the most polished apps and handles epub and pdf very well - even the larger ones . 
  easy for note keeping and highlighting . 
  another great option is the ezpdf reader that has a folder-based interface , if you prefer organizing your files that way . 
  cm 10.2 is fairly stable for the last month or so . 
  `` i told you he would be mine '', 
  probably original , probably looted from a grave somewhere in greece . 
  there are very similar pieces in many museums and collections in greece, 
  do you also hate immigrants and any other ethnic minority ? 
  thank you !, 
  in better quality here, 
  you 've made it before the greeks !, 
  maybe around puberty ? 
  amazing photos . 
  certainly different from all the typical tourist shots, 
  i know , i 've been to venice but i also took the typical tourist-y shots . 
  it 's great to see different perspectives on well known subjects . 
  the `` nightmares of futures past '' is a pretty good fanfic - with a minimum of snogging - quite shocking !, 
  perfect !, 
  not exactly renovation , but eradication of the original surface . 
  many of the buildings were made of marble or poros and this weathered stone is what still stands, 
  worked for me too - thanks !, 
  i 've got 5 invites . 
  pm your email and you 'll get one, 
  all invites sent . 
  spread the joy guys !, 
  not just literature , bad literature !, 
  the snk 809 is a perfect watch for the money . 
  do n't worry , the nsa probably has a transcript somewhere . 
  there was the discovery of a ( disputed ) portrait of isabella d' este in a vault in swizerland . 
  no problem , but take it with a grain of salt . 
  there are too many `` lost '' da vincis `` rediscovered '' the last few years . 
  i want to believe though ... 
  a roman lead coffin was also discovered in thessaloniki , greece back in the seventies and is now exhibited in the archaeological museum . 
  the flesh has disintegrated but the auburn braided hair ( including eyebrows ) remain . 
  there 's a recent greek movie , `` dogtooth '' whose plot revolves around the same idea . 
  it 's really good - and terrifying . 
  nope !, 
  at the third task ( the maze ) the teachers would have intervened if they saw krum cursing cedric and fleur . 
  1 . swiftkey, 
  mantano reader premium, 
  titanium backup, 
  timely, 
  the paid version has a great theme support , notes , highlights , and a very good file explorer . 
  also , no ads . 
  colors , margins , fonts ( you can input your fonts too ) , line height and spacing . 
  yes , rooting does n't change the files you already have . 
  you can also flash a new rom ( i 'm running the latest jellybean rom and it 's pretty good ), 
  community, 
  firefly, 
  vicious, 
  hustle, 
  today you learned ... 
  the aviate launcher looks a lot like the sailfish os, 
  in the way it utilises swiping up , down , left and right to access settings , apps , profiles and app groups . 
  here you are http://igav.ee/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/7820.jpg, 
  impressive . 
  here in greece we have the national library , in the neoclassical style, 
  i like to keep it simple , so just the keep , google music , gmail and the clock/weather widget are enough . 
  thanks . 
  partially . 
  here were a lot of independent greek cities ( militos , ephesos , knidos , pergamon ) in the west coast ( asia minor ) but the main greek cities ( sparta , athens , thebes , pella , thessalonika ) were across the aegean sea in what is the modern state of greece . 
  yes , if you disregard all the cyprus occupation kerfuffle . 
  not really . 
  that could be true 40 years ago but the last few decades saw a real development in this area . 
  exactly.small , `` relaxed '' genitalia was a mark of a civilised person . 
  erect or big `` phalloi '' were only carved on satyrs or the god pan . 
  the subject reminded me of the flagellation of christ . 
  time to order my first wacom ... 
  thanks for this !, 
  after 10 solid months of keto ( and a 25 kilo loss ) the last 3 days were the only time i knowingly ate carbs without measure . 
  now it 's out of my system and i 'm ready for moar keto . 
  i am on the verge of ordering the moto g but the 16 gb of storage puts me off . 
  i will hold for the next edition of the phone with ( hopefully ) a 32 gb option . 
  the name of the rose . 
  perfect crime/historical novel with bonus philosophical and religious extras . 
  i am reading it at least once every year . 
  it 's not just old relatives . 
  my wife 's sister ( in her mid thirties ) with three kids already , is really insistent on us having at least two kids . 
  i know misery loves company , but i also love our free time ( and our stuff unbroken ), 
  that 's reddit history in the making . 
  years later i will tell my grandkids `` i was there when the guy with two dicks did an ama . 
  these were the times ... '', 
  and his name ? 
  albert einstein ... 
  that final stage was amazing . 
  i was ( maybe ) twelve at the time it was airing and i always wanted to go in there . 
  harry potter and the nightmares of futures past comes to mind . 
  my favourite is [ pastitsio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pastitsio ) . 
  the bechamel on top is delicious when mixed with some chopped bacon and feta cheese . 
  you can also substitute the meat for feta and have a lighter variety of the dish .
