  so are these fully operational phones ? 
  thanks , sounds good !, 
   she immediately goes back to the lalalalala mindset or feeling or sense or instinct or whatever you want to call it ,, 
  i am ashamed to admit that sometimes i do the same . 
  it was buried on an intact tomb . 
  her gold diadem , found in the same tomb is more impressive . 
  she wore it in her funeral pyre and it must have been removed just before she was engulfed in the flames . 
  it 's pretty light , around 500-600g . 
  it 's constructed from very thin sheets of gold . 
  yes , he was buried with a oak leaf wreath too , inside a golden larnax . 
  and here the larnax with the wreath over it, 
  and another one, 
  this is the wife 's `` simpler '' larnax, 
  they won the world cup ... ca n't have everything !, 
  glad to be of service . 
  that 's my first submission here . 
  `` so , 3 is the last number o pi , because i want it to be and my mind binds its will to the quantum matrix of the universe , willing pi to recalculate in order to meet the conscious mind of the individual '', 
  more photos of the same statue here http://imgur.com/a/bv1uw, 
  perfect !, 
  it 's amazingly well written , it would be a shame if it was abandoned ( especially after the climactic last chapter ) . 
  on the ~ ~ right ~ ~ left there is a seated goddess , holding up a rhyton , a vessel used in rituals or ceremonies behind her a falcon or eagle . 
  approaching her are 4 griffins , chimeric , mythical beings with lion heads and feet , holding jugs . 
  above them are stylized representations of the sun and crescent moon , maybe in a field of stars . 
  dimensions : diameter : 0.035 m - 0,057 m ( bezel ) , weight : 82,95 gr, 
  so , is this stand-up comedy ? 
  because it sounds like it . 
  no suggestions about dinocrates , since none of his other buildings remain to compare this one with and , furthermore , there are no inscriptions or other evidence of attribution , just speculation . 
  not winston ... that dog has taste !, 
  the main difference is screen size ; the hd has 7 inches vs 9 inches for the hd + . 
  i bought the hd + mainly because i already own a 7 inch tablet . 
  the bigger screen size makes reading certain types of ebooks easier ( mainly technical pdfs or comics ) but it 's also heavier and impossible to fit in a pocket like the 7 inch variant . 
  the second difference is in memory capacity . 
  the hd comes in 8 and 16 gbs of internal storage and the hd + in 16 and 32 gbs . 
  since both models have sdcard slots that 's not that important but the extra available capacity is always welcome . 
  no problem , the sdcard slot was the main difference that made me choose the nook over something like a nexus 10 . 
  also , i think you can get them really cheap if you choose a refurbished unit . 
  they are in perfect working order and will cost you ~ 130 usd http://www.amazon.com/certified-pre-owned-barnes-noble-bntv600-16gb-cpo/dp/b00agas6xw, 
  agree . 
  describes perfectly the situation . 
  and til that the cover is a human ear . 
  sure , from the video above it seems they 're having a sweet time !, 
  exactly . 
  the context and the place where it was found . 
  from the very broad estimate for this artifact we can assume that it was probably looted and the context destroyed . 
  so you can only date it on stylistic grounds . 
  this design was indeed very popular in the hellenistic era . 
  this piece belongs to the getty museum and that institution is well known for buying looted antiquities . 
  you are doing the devils work ... 
  ... good job, 
  only opened the first page . 
  photo of aborted fetus on the header , subreddit description `` the things we like to fuck '' . 
  nopped right out . 
  it was found in the building at olympia that housed the workshop that created the statue of zeus . 
  in the smae buildinf they found discarded sculptors tools and ivory fragments and debris , so it seems that it belonged to the sculptor himself . 
  also , the name is pretty uncommon in ancient greece . 
  it 's true fresco . 
  the painter ( nicomachos ? ), 
  started by drawing/incising a rough sketch on the fresh plaster and started painting sonn after . 
  it 's one of the reasons the colors have survived in good condition . 
  / r/penmanshipporn would love that cursive, 
  exactly . 
  the fuck . 
  top titles include ;, 
  `` chinese woman has forced abortion ; baby is placed in bag next to her '', 
  `` i 'll have a double portion '', 
  `` fresh from her opened womb '', 
  `` mixture of dead fetuses and babies from mexico and thailand !! '', 
  that 's handy , thanks, 
  thank you , i do gravitate towards the x , the design also seems better . 
  the g seems a bit generic ( not in a bad way ) . 
  thanks i had forgotten about the extra ram . 
  as for your problem , have you tried atlas browser?i find it faster and lighter than chrome , especially in my puny 2011 xperia neo . 
  final question , would the verizon unlocked model work in europe ? 
  got it for $ 260 . 
  white with silver accents , 32 gb . 
  now i have to wait ... 
  exactly !, 
  they still sell it for $ 400 for the unlocked 32 gb model . 
  they sure take their sweet time ... 
  amazing !, 
  i love the vivid blues . 
  maybe an offer on swappa ? 
  \u039do , the one i bought is new in box ( with stickers and all ), 
  damn ... 
  there is a surprising amount of rape , murder and abuse for a supposedly holy book . 
  most devout christians read just the same tame material . 
  i feel your pain ... 
  better ? 
  woven black back is back on stock, 
  there is the original on sale in tinydeals . 
  snatched one already http://www.tinydeal.com/diy-google-cardboard-vr-3d-glasses-for-iphone-samsung-cellphone-p-135220.html, 
  that 's / r/revengeporn worthy . 
  true , we can not know the wife 's reaction , but it must have been good . 
  atlas browser is a very well done app . 
  i see . 
  my phone is ancient ( xperia neo ) and it 's the only browser that seems light and smooth even with multiple tabs . 
  chrome is unusable on a device with less than 500 mb of ram, 
  i have disabled the adblocking feature . 
  my standalone adblock app works device-wide anyway . 
  hagia sophias domes collapsed twice from earthquakes .
