  / r/oddlysatisfying, 
  apparently it just requires a heartbeat . 
  that opens the doors to some ... [ interesting options ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2430654/iphone-5s-owners-using-nipples-unlock-devices-fingerprint-scanner.html ) . 
  wait , i 've been told they were granaries . 
  the guy telling that was a presidential candidate , so it must have been true !, 
  thanks !, 
  glad you liked them . 
  they do n't exactly fit the strict definition of the post rock genre but they sure skirt around the edges . 
  let me know if i can help . 
  i have the perfect [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wu2eosm.jpg ) [ nsfw ] so it just needs the words and the banana . 
  `` everybody knows that honey has no calories '', 
  my brother-in-law told me that gem a month ago . 
  he thinks that he is making effort by substituting sugar with honey . 
   i have older family members that make a point to bring up the `` nothing to hide '' talking point, 
  ask them if they have drapes on their windows . 
  if i can chip in a bit about the architecture . 
  the basic shape of the church is tied to the procession of the priest during the holy sacrament ritual , as it was decided on the early synods . 
  so you usually have the basic basilica shape in many different configurations . 
  early churches were huge sprawling buildings but later ones were greatly reduced in length , becoming more cubic . 
  circular buildings were also used but that was not really the norm . 
  they now have close to 8000 views . 
  these guys better think about advertising . 
  as a greek , i am learning the ways of your country for the possibility that my country 's elected leaders fuck it up so much that i might need to emigrate . 
  plus , it 's entertaining !, 
  stewart called him fuckface von clusterfuck or something similar and the don retaliated on twitter by calling him out for changing his name from leibowitz to stewart . 
  in stewart 's [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jon_stewart ) it 's stated that the reason behind the change was his estrangement from his father after his parents divorced . 
  i am pretty sure that trump was implying the reason stewart changed his name was to hide his jewish heritage . 
  i agree , it would make sense to any normal person . 
  the donald has transcended this level . 
  it looks like they are the same height . 
  that boy was fed something extra strong . 
  well , the [ minoans ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nlwxdru.jpg ) had the technology 3.500 years ago , by the time of the romans it was already common knowledge . 
  damn , only available in the us . 
  anyone willing to help a fellow motox ` er ? 
  is n't that the natural conclusion of the tea party takeover ? 
  i think that it continues the thread that started with palin 's nomination and the senate and house victories by the tp . 
  i do n't find it surprising that a person like trump found fertile land there . 
  he adopted his middle name , changing it from stuart , because he was estranged with his father after his parents divorced . 
  at least that 's what he said in the past . 
  i love the grasshopper . 
  so much attention to every detail . 
  yeah , but look at that shiny new calatrava in the background !, 
  yeah , it 's `` healthy at every size '' as long as this size is xxxxl and above . 
  anything else is just a bag of bones . 
  i want to believe that she is a secret liberal , just trolling the far right of the usa . 
  she is apparently a good friend of maher 's . 
  vermeer was one of the greatest . 
  pity he died young , but he created masterpieces . 
  just look at the foliage at the left , it 's beyond description . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but democrats lost both chambers in the first elections after obama 's win . 
  link to the podcast ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  he had advised mccain against choosing palin . 
  he might be a republican but not an idiot . 
  thanks !, 
  look at his lapel . 
  he is wearing the crest of the 1st cavalry , the unit his wife served as a medic for in iraq . 
  he is subverting the system , one lapel at a time . 
  he * is * british after all, 
  my take on the lyrics, 
  * what can i do with my life , i will drown it in the fairy tale, 
  to make my soul believe in fairy tales , and believe you once again *, 
  that 's the most racist of diseases . 
  leukemia = white ( leukos in greek ) + blood . 
  i loved the scenario of a democrat winning and proposing obama for the vacancy . 
  not really sure if he is qualified though . 
  so serving as an actual judge is not a requirement for a position at the supreme court ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  * acid *, 
   they do n't risk clinton nominating a gay jewish woman, 
  i 'd kill to see rachel maddow in the supreme court . 
  i 've bought one of these as a gift for my niece . 
  the screens is ok , does n't lag on usual stuff , battery lasts two full days , and it 's almost stock , provided you change the launcher . 
  it also had a security update minutes after i opened it . 
  the cameras are shit though , especially in interiors and low light situations . 
  and i thought i had it rough with my one year of service in the greek army . 
  that 's how you loose a hand . 
  it 's like * roots * , only harder, 
  just small enough to get into your pants . 
  i am currently working on the archive of an old excavation of a major archaeological site . 
  the amount of mislabeled , misplaced or just plain lost items is astounding . 
  no one ever bothered to create a catalog and most of the photos are out of focus negatives . 
  it 's a fucking nightmare !, 
  yep , for them long term prison terms were absurd . 
  is n't it a short story about two soldiers in opposite banks of a river ? 
  my worst case is a box of lead artifacts that were stored in plain paper bags for over 30 years . 
  the paper practically dissolved and with it their dates , findspots and reference numbers . 
  i hate that box . 
  thanks . 
  sometimes it 's very rewarding , especially when i find anything that was missing , but 90 % of the trouble could have been avoided with some common sense . 
  that sounds worse than mine . 
  i finally managed to create a database of ~ 4000 items with dimensions , photos , descriptions , even plans and videos . 
  i just hope the guys that will continue the project will not mess it too much . 
  thomas jane ? 
  was n't it ray stevenson ? 
  ah , thanks , i mixed my punishers . 
  they are not going to procreate * that * way . 
  unless something is really fucked up with that woman 's body . 
  it 's really easy to prepare your own olives . 
  my family owns ~ 60 trees in northern greece and we typically make enough oil and salted/pitted olives for us and the extended family .
