  i wonder what spin will kellyanne try to peddle now ? 
  * and who are you , the orange man said ... *, 
  is n't that just normal chess ? 
  and having taze-the-gay-away pence as his vice president . 
  wholesome af . 
  the pageboy in the [ pesaro madonna ] ( https://savevenice.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/ca-pesaro_2_opt-683x1024.jpg ) in venice , right ? 
  thanks , it 's a striking painting , a masterpiece in a city that 's full of them . 
  damn , that grandad reacted like a boss !, 
  the only thing that 's missing so far is the persian cat and the swivel chair . 
  that 's something only colonel sherman t. potter from the mash series would say . 
  and hawt , we ca n't forget that !, 
  i think this cat is now owned by anish kapoor . 
  i loved her trying to grab her phone , forgetting it was in the outlet . 
  such a normal reaction in the absurdity of the moment . 
  trump would sign his own confession if his name was typed in gold sparkling , shining yuge letters . 
   1 like = 1 prayer, 
  exactly, 
  how many times is the flamethrower folded , though ? 
  we are missing crucial information . 
  perseus is under the loggia dei lanci , though , right ? 
  some ancient glass also survived in church treasuries . 
  i think most abbeys had large collections of artifacts that were donated through the centuries . 
  st. mark 's in venice is especially rich . 
  that 's not really helping . 
  i am not sure about the vatican library , but the vatican museums have a lot of artifacts , though their provenance is somehow obscure most of the time . 
  i mean that perseus is not exposed to the elements the same way david , judith or heracles and cacus were . 
  that would be an ecumenical matter ... 
  * lock him up ? 
  is * the man in a golden helmet * rembrandt 's , though ? 
  i thought it was attributed to a pupil by the latest research . 
  his name is bond . 
  * stupid * bond ... 
  the food presentation is amazing . 
  they show him kill the victim , remove a leg , prepare in the most foodporny way imaginable and yet m i still crave a bite from the finished plate . 
  you missed the close zoom of a bloody hand ( * `` it does look black at the moonlight '' * ) and the kaleidoscopically filmed threesome . 
  are you kidding ? 
  at some point i was having conversations with the steak . 
  * '' you were a rude little piggy , were n't you ? 
  the mammoth took the sacrifice and it brought them food ( after a fashion ) . 
  the man denied the food and was killed . 
  the children took the food but had no memory of their god and thus the name was forgotten . 
  that 's my take anyway, 
  it 's brian fuller , it was on purpose . 
  the music on american gods is on point . 
  both the songs and the original score . 
  both actors were perfectly cast . 
  especially anubis being intimidating and gentle at the same time . 
  and the way mrs. fadil talks about her family is so endearing . 
  never go full covfefe !, 
  that 's just fake news . 
  he was just humping the queen . 
  no , he was usually described as calm , but his followers , the maenads , did rip to shreds two notable persons in mythology . 
  orpheus , for refusing to play and honor the god and pentheus , for trying to spy on his mysteries . 
  edit : stupid typos, 
  only when they had wine . 
  the mythical [ centauromachy ] ( https://www.greece-athens.com/parthenon/marbles/img0073b.jpg ) happened when they were guests at a wedding , drunk too much and tried to rape the women that were present . 
  it 's argued that the myth is a cautionary tale for the perils of excessive drinking . 
  lucretius sounds like an amazing thinker . 
  covfefe ? 
  the trump tower of babel . 
  the russian ate his food and he 's going for the dessert, 
  from my experience with russian friends , every drink has been had . 
  and most likely someone gone to the store for more . 
  springtime for hitler and germany, 
  rhineland 's a fine land once more !, 
  springtime for hitler and germany, 
  watch out , europe, 
  we 're going on tour !, 
  i went in for the baddies , stayed for the posh dancing . 
  nah , they just need some mobility scooters to really complete the look, 
  not just a puppy . 
  a puppy with a matching outfit . 
  does n't get any cuter . 
  douchebag . 
  everyone knows sandy hook was a false flag op in order to enable obummer and killary to take ur gans !, 
  makes [ sense ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q68qwgz1axq ), 
  and it lost the south to the republicans , who still bank on their opposition to the act . 
  could it be 43 ? 
  the light blue one in the second and third line look the same . 
  some republican and the northern democrats . 
  a guy has posted the stats somewhere . 
   but no , this is the photo they took and went `` that 's good ! '' . 
  makes you wan na know how he was looking in the one they rejected , does n't it ? 
  either incompetence or malice . 
  take your pick . 
  i am not sure on the rules , what do we do in case of benghazi ? 
  comey felt that trump channeled henry viii '' `` will nobody rid me of this meddlesome priest ? '', 
  it 's not the appearance per se , but the fact that he looks like he learnt how to smile from a textbook without pictures . 
  did you also missed the part where he said he was reminded of henry viii asking `` will nobody rid me of this meddlesome priest '' ? 
  the idiot will either power it off or just remove the sim card , making your phone impossible to find . 
  how primitive are we talking about ? 
  just stone tools , or even that 's too much ? 
  oh golly , i wonder why ? 
  it 's not like teens will fuck everything and anytime !, 
  so , pre-neolithic hunter-gatherers , right ? 
  it 's the first time i 've heard of these people and it really sounds extremely weird . 
  also known as * rogen 's weight loss progress . 
  it 's the ones with the pixelated pillowcase , right ? 
  `` do n't talk to me before my morning ~ ~ coffee ~ ~ covfefe '', 
   belief and emotional energy creates and shapes the gods .
