  it 's not about supporters , it 's about independents . 
  and perhaps some moderate rebs that might be weirded out by his close ties to russia and china . 
  * what do you have to lose ? 
  you know , besides bowel control . 
  enceladus is also the greek word for earthquake , based of course on mythology . 
  looks like the alternative poster for * lollita *, 
  nice !, 
  now i am feeling a bit ashamed when i think how happy i am whenever i find some decorated pottery shards . 
  they should really consider writing the collection number elsewhere ( maybe on the edge ) . 
  it 's a great artifact but that it 's a distraction . 
  petyr is really going to lose the game of thrones . 
  most collection guidelines require something more permanent than a tag that can easily be lost or misplaced . 
  you do n't put the ink directly on the object . 
  you first apply a transparent paraloid solution , wait a bit to dry and then write on that surface . 
  wait a bit more and seal it with another paraloid layer . 
  removal is easy with just some acetone . 
  tags are usually used only in storage as they are considered to distract from the object . 
  probably the accession number of the collection . 
  it still is forbidden to remove stones or stray artifacts from the soil of the acropolis or the agora . 
  it 's also not uncommon to see pottery shards especially after a good rain . 
  it corrodes it to a point but it still preserves . 
  the [ antikythera youth ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/0027man_paris_or_perseus2.jpg ) comes from the same shipwreck . 
  it also belongs in / r/perfectloops, 
  it 's only the ancient quarry that 's used exclusively in the acropolis restoration project . 
  there are modern quarries in the vicinity that can provide marble of a similar quality . 
  it 's pricey af though . 
  and hannity or christie to bring food and coffee, 
  the best women . 
  i know , but it feels true and i need to believe it !, 
  the stage would have collapsed halfway through the interview . 
  it was weird . 
  they did n't seem to have anything to talk about . 
  the guy ( in the previous to last episode ) tearing into priebus for his comments about kasich and his future prospects was amazing . 
  also , the way they alternate between `` bedwetting '' and optimism . 
  damn this guy is good, 
  maybe not so unexpected though . 
  the belief on the primacy of a race is exactly what jkr thought when she described the pureblood ideology . 
  it also rhymes with `` great '' . 
  the line describing hillary as `` khalisee is coming to westeros '' is amazing . 
  you know the sad reality is that , in a seedy studio , there is a porn parody of this election being filmed right now . 
  and communist, 
  also a relevant part of the [ debate ] ( https://youtu.be/pmr3xvaovw4?t=1884 ) between stuart and o ' reilly, 
   `` why is it that if you take advantage of a corporate tax break you 're a smart businessman , but if you take advantage of something so you do n't go hungry , you 're a moocher ? '', 
  * edit . 
  it 's on 31.15 in case it does n't redirect correctly . 
  a flock of chickenhawks . 
   was he ever an athlete ? 
  he is getting gold at mental gymnastics, 
  he only uses that on putins balls, 
  oh please !, 
  putin plays him like a fiddle . 
  he could con him in selling alaska to russia for a dime and the d would think he made a killing . 
  now iran and iraq , that 's scary . 
  imagine the sound a lexicon makes in a washing machine . 
  nice !, 
  now that i think about it maybe seka could get out of retirement . 
  maybe in a double act with harry reems as bill ? 
  thanks for the link , added it to the to-do list . 
  pity about harry , he was one of the greats . 
  i hope eric edwards is doing ok . 
  this kid has a darwin award in his future . 
  ando ? 
  thanks !, 
  i love the exposed concrete . 
  `` we will just have to make middle-earth great again . 
  believe me . '', 
   i 'm nearly retching my steak from lunch here . 
  be careful , a painted dog might try to eat it . 
  we found bill cosby 's reddit account . 
  nice, 
  he might be safer in the opposing team 's lockers . 
  also , part of his mistake was that he tried to justify and explain his 4 years instead of attacking mitt on his policies . 
  people watch the debates for the bloodbath , not long-winded policy discussions . 
  also , one of his children ( barron ) has the name of trump 's fake publicist personna . 
  give them a break !, 
  they have n't seen an unskewed poll since the longroom shut down . 
  only if brown people do it . 
  after a full day at / r/politics , this restores some faith in humanity . 
  are you saying that maga is not the answer to everything ? 
  another idiot that ca n't tell the difference between weather and climate . 
  i think there is a story , possibly apocryphal , that they were so sure that romney had n't even prepared a concession speech and it was written hastily at the last minute . 
  thanks for this . 
  there is a world of difference between the title and the content of the article . 
  i should really watch that . 
  it 's the third time i see it referenced today . 
  sure , he has more of a mussolini kind of vibe . 
  the parrots fucking at the left is a nice touch . 
  same here . 
  could n't work and it took ~ 50 minutes . 
  i imagine conway frantically trying to get the phone away from him . 
  in the same way he gloated about making his buildings accessible to people with disabilities . 
  you know , as he was forced by the americans with disabilities act , after [ he was sued a bunch of times ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-disabilities-violations_us_57e44c0be4b08d73b8307075 ) . 
  thanks , found it . 
  i swear though i had changed my setting to `` never update '' in the past . 
   google modern monetary theory . 
  is that the new elective at hogwarts ? 
  sneaky , sneaky windows !, 
  i think you underestimate her . 
  she is a good spinner and a master of deflection , but the material trump spews every few hours are almost impossible to defend . 
  much restraint ,,
