spoken like a true republican . 
  go vote for mittens ... 
  count me in !, 
  google drive and dropbox ( for cloud storage ), 
  mantano reader and ezpdf reader ( for pdf and epubs ), 
  pulse ( the best news reader ), 
  n7player . 
  finally , a music player with a great interface, 
  apex launcher ( the smoothest ics experience ), 
  titanium backup ( essential for every rooted device ), 
  yes , i am an archaeologist ... 
  no , thats michelle bachman . 
  he ridiculed her thoroughly . 
  oh , come on . 
  i have the original nc for two years now , and though a great tablet , i am ready for the bigger screen size . 
  the price alone sells it . 
  you know , the decking . 
  total respect !, 
  thank you , sir !, 
  they 're very good . 
  saw them two years ago , when they played in thessaloniki with crippled black phoenix . 
  three hours of pure bliss . 
  yes , i see what you mean . 
  but the thing is that if you always wait to buy `` the next best thing '' you will always either wait or end dissapointed . 
  technology advances in ridiculus rates , turning the best of this year to the mediocre of the next . 
  the important for me is to buy the best i can with the money i have now and use it to the best of its abilities . 
  with no regrets . 
  yeah , bu the woman in food stamps will eventually starve if she wo n't use them correctly . 
  what will happen to the company ? 
  from what i understand the screen has a resolution of 800 x 480 ? 
  that 's pretty bad for a 2012 device . 
  for almost the same money you could buy an ainol novo 7 aurora ii or an ainol novo 7 elf ii that have better specs and support , both fro the developer and over xda . 
  archaeologist here . 
  we berate the new guys for failing to take `` dna samples '' from the burials . 
  i love my job . 
  i am an archaeologist and routinely work 12 hour shifts , travel to remote and usually inaccesible areas of greece , with minimal or very basic roads and facilities . 
  but i would n't change it for the world . 
  just today , after removing a 2300 year old storafe jar , we discovered a 4.000 - 4.500 year old clay floor and part of a central hearth . 
  stalker cat will get you, 
  it 's probably different in greece . 
  in short , we have a point system for every open job in the public sector ; your gpa , your language experience , your master and bachelor degrees and you work experience are awarded points that are added and sorted . 
  the guy with the highest points takes the jo . 
  in this case , i. 
   the other thing i should mention is that it is a lot of travel all over the us . . i am only home a few days a month , which can be difficult if you have other obligations ( spouse , children or even pets ) . 
  this . 
  exactly this . 
  i own a home that i visit once a month and i rent a small apartment near the site . 
  i 'd love to get a cat but i ca n't evn plan to feed myself at the moment . 
  thanks !, 
  some of these are perfect !, 
  very nice stuff !, 
  thak you ~, 
  the hd + is already rooted and provided with third-party launchers and most of the gapps ( only gtalk and voice missing atm ) . 
  a sd cm10 rom is on the works , by the same developers who rooted nook color . 
  yes, 
  hdmi is not an option . 
  also have in mind that it 's a 2 years old tablet . 
  there are limitations in the apps you can play/enjoy and the resolution of the videos ( it 's ok up to 720p . 
  anything over that and there are problems ), 
  rooting a device gives you access to the entre filesystem and perission to install apps that are not signed or aprooved by barnes and noble . 
  the nook hd is already rootable thanks to the guys over at xda ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=862 ) . 
  upvote for the santorum . 
  sweet , sweet santorum ... 
  what about the lions gate at mycenae . 
  it 's not a proper coat of arms but it 's heraldic and looks a lot like the later coats . 
  nice !, 
  very manly . 
  here you are http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1481826, 
  there are instructions for installation both on the internal memory or the sdcard, 
  oh , sorry sometimes it 's easy to forget some of this stuff looks complicated . 
  i visited the site you linked and from waht i see , nothing has changed in terms of software or rom ( they link to the same xda topic i did ) , so you can follow their instruction without fear . 
  no problem . 
  happy to help . 
  do they know they belong to different species ? 
  my gran lost her husband to a german firing squad when she was 19 . 
  she wore full black till the day she died , 80 years later . 
  edit : forgot a lette, 
  what about melanoma ? 
  good , wholesome , christian values . 
  i sincerely hope they rot in jail . 
  happy cakeday !, 
  as for the locked bootloader , verygreen over xda already booted a cm10 sdcard on the hd + , almost three weeks ago . 
  proof :, 
  and the relevant post over xda :, 
  well , given the chastity belt security levels of te nook tablet , everyone thought that bn would have kept the same amount of security in the nook hd + . 
  but it turns out that we have another nook color in our hands . 
  i already ordered mine . 
  and we have touchdown . 
  verygreen published the first cm10 sd rom for the nook hd +, 
  yeah , but only if you take it literally ... 
  mantano reader is the perfect reader app for me . 
  i forked over the $ 8 for the premium version and i never looked back . 
  in the past i also tried aldiko ( slow ) and moon + or coolreader ( a bit basic ) . 
  thank you . 
  happy holidays !, 
  the same way feminism was an attack against manhood ? 
  you guys are great . 
  can anyone help translating my name . 
  i 'm greek and in my langauage ` nikolaos ' means `` victorious over people '' , `` conqueror of people '' or `` champion of the people '', 
  '' ` there may be many a chance ere the night is over , ' laughed the dwarf .
