  minimal . 
  it 's basically stock with 3 or four motorola apps ( migrate , assist , moto on mine ) that help you set up and customize the actions, 
  relatively good . 
  the first gen devices ( moto x 13 and moto g ) took 6 months to go from kit kat to lollipop , though motorola attributed that to the hardware partners . 
  yes, 
  if i remember correctly it 's the active display notifications , voice interactions , twist to open camera and chop for torchligh, 
  praise be !, 
  praise be !, 
  i am using moon reader coupled with googles ' text-to-speech engine . 
  it 's surprisingly good . 
  and they looked gorgeous . 
  i am glad they survived hannibal . 
  i love that movie . 
  especially for the matrix reference towards the end . 
  i feel you . 
  i have n't felt that bad for the cancellation of a show since hbo 's rome . 
  with all that blood around , both would really taste the dragon . 
  it was very rude . 
  and bedelia should have known what happens to rude people, 
  i love it . 
  his final moments , with the book and the painting on fire and rolls of film flying around were pure visual poetry . 
  the legends go back centuries . 
  there is even a folk song in greece in regards to the bridge of arta , constructed in the 17th century . 
  * according to the folk ballad , 45 masons and 60 apprentices , under the leadership of the head builder , were building a bridge , but its foundations would collapse each night . 
  finally a bird with a human voice informed the head builder that , in order for the bridge to remain standing , he should sacrifice his wife . 
  as she is being buried alive in the foundations , she curses the bridge to flutter like a leaf , and those who pass it to fall like leaves also . 
  she is then reminded that her brother is abroad and might pass the bridge himself , so she changes her curses so as to become actual blessings : `` as the tall mountains tremble , so shall the bridge tremble , and as the birds of prey fall , so shall passers fall . 
  and oysters . 
  lots of oysters . 
   there was a scandal a few years ago with paps trying to get her kids to talk to them about these stories . 
  rita skeeter will never give up a good story . 
  you are correct . 
  well , she has to decide : observe or participate ? 
  it 's the same . 
  it 's a bit more open in the show ( and we see it from the side ( and a glorious side it is ) but notice the fine see-through mesh on the cleavage and the thin gold ribbon on the base of her neck . 
  at first it seems as a gold necklace but it 's part of the dress . 
  why not [ comic sans papyrus ? 
  ] ( https://creativemarket.com/blog/2015/03/25/designer-combines-papyrus-and-comic-sans-the-end-is-near ), 
  ah , yes , the cersei in her natural state . 
  at least three or four times . 
  jesus said that , too . 
  nope , but he did say that he did n't come to abolish the laws of the old testament . 
  of course this opens a very large can of worms . 
  it 's non removable for everyday users . 
  there are tutorials on youtube and with the right tools it 's a 15 minute job . 
  yep . 
   ` you wo n't be killing anyone else tonight , ' said harry as they circled , and stared into each other 's eyes , green into red . 
  ` you wo n't be able to kill any of them , ever again . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  i was ready to die to stop you hurting these people -- ', 
   ` but you did not ! ', 
   ` -- i meant to , and that 's what did it . 
  i 've done what my mother did . 
  they 're protected from you . 
  have n't you noticed how none of the spells you put on them are binding ? 
  you ca n't torture them . 
  you ca n't touch them . 
  you do n't learn from your mistakes , riddle , do you ? ', 
  i bet she had a stunning body under that dress . 
  10/10 harry / sirius / remus would bang . 
  praise be !, 
  babbling you say ? 
  i am pretty sure poppins had a better grasp of reality . 
  well , he was lucky . 
  lot was raped by his daughters to continue the line . 
  genesis 19:30 and lot went up out of zoar , and dwelt in the mountain , and his two daughters with him ; for he feared to dwell in zoar : and he dwelt in a cave , he and his two daughters . 
  31 and the firstborn said unto the younger , our father is old , and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth :, 
  32 come , let us make our father drink wine , and we will lie with him , that we may preserve seed of our father . 
  33 and they made their father drink wine that night : and the firstborn went in , and lay with her father ; and he perceived not when she lay down , nor when she arose . 
  34 and it came to pass on the morrow , that the firstborn said unto the younger , behold , i lay yesternight with my father : let us make him drink wine this night also ; and go thou in , and lie with him , that we may preserve seed of our father . 
  35 and they made their father drink wine that night also : and the younger arose , and lay with him ; and he perceived not when she lay down , nor when she arose . 
  36 thus were both the daughters of lot with child by their father . 
  nightmare of futures past . 
  it 's still in progress but i love it . 
  a black comedy and the lie i 've lived are also entertaining . 
  there seems to be a balcony above the desk . 
  weird . 
  i agree , it 's surprisingly easy to change the battery and it breathes new life to an old phone . 
  the camera is a bit meh , but in the right light it can catch surprisinlgy good [ photos ] ( https://goo.gl/photos/cor3rx3azyuvfuu97 ) . 
  it would be amazing if jon showed up from time to time , only to perch on the tiny balcony and yell obscenities at trevor . 
  '' ... replied the bushy-haired witch '', 
  '' ... sneered the blond prince of slytherin '', 
  '' ... the raven-haired chosen one caught the snitch again '', 
  all the time , at nauseam . 
  i am pretty sure they are mounted on the floor , no the wall . 
  that would be against the laws of physics ( and common sense ) . 
  damn , you 're right . 
  it must be held with solid titanium/adamantium rods . 
  there is no other way . 
  i 've got it since it first came out . 
  i ca n't think of any major difference in battery life or lag . 
  i only miss wave to wake that was for some reason removed . 
  they were there in the 17th century when carrey sketched them . 
  probably destroyed during the siege of the acropolis by the venetians . 
  here 's the [ sketch ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/test.classconnection/745/flashcards/44745/png/drawings-of-east-pediment-of-parthenon-right.png ), 
  yep , until lollipop came round . 
  i do n't think it was meant as a feature but it was working very good . 
  now you have to hover your hand over the sensor for 3-5 seconds . 
  the necks , ankles and wrists were just easier to break . 
  but you are correct , the heads especially were a target of vandalism , either for ideological reasons or as souvenirs .
