  the screenshot-as-wallpaper was my favorite method of torture for idiot coworkers . 
  works like a charm !, 
  cherish that aunt . 
  decent people ( even among family ) are few . 
  and the tps report . 
  an amazing book , the sequel to daemon . 
  everyone should read it . 
  i wish this was not true ... but it is . 
  source ; bitter fucking experience . 
  you know , we will need proof . 
  for science ... 
  one simply takes the train to hogwarts, 
  i if there are any spare invites , please let me know . 
  thanx . 
  so , that whole - kin `` thing '' is serious ? 
  are people really believe they are anthropomorphic-humanoid shells of animals ? 
  change your privacy settings and disallow tagging of your face . 
  also , limit what you share with your family, 
   i have above average hands , and it was still a stretch to hold it with one hand . 
  i have thought the exact same thing . 
  maybe a `` sheet '' on google docs ? 
  anyone can contribute and it 's an easy way to have multiple users with one centrally located file . 
  ah , the memories ... 
  i have a * raging * clue !, 
  i bought the 32gb version a month ago . 
  this phone is amazing . 
  i love the `` shake to bring the camera '' , and the design is very ergonomic . 
  and of course , in some countries , you could have an archaeologist inspecting the dirt/excavation for any signs of artifacts or structures . 
  source ; archaeologist assigned in a waste construction project . 
  restorers and conservators are pretty amazing , too . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kccnani.png ) is the condition of the find at the moment of discovery . 
  the bottom of the vessel was corroded and broken in many smaller fragments . 
  ... telling friends and family . 
  and then have to do it again . 
  i have two sisters , both older . 
  different personalities , i am closer emotionally to the older , but intellectually to the younger of the pair . 
  we see each other at least once per week . 
  i remember when i used to like him . 
  i wan na know too, 
  mostly moto connect . 
  it 's built in , intuitive and i only use it for quick sms replies anyway . 
  it 's basic but it gets the work done . 
  it 's probably the best book in the series . 
  do n't skip number one !, 
  that 's un-fair, 
  one of the last great greek sculptures . 
  it all went downhill from there . 
  i disagree . 
  there 's a certain tenderness in the rendering of his features . 
  i see . 
  the sculptor must have thought the same . 
  only the front is made of marble , the back of the head , including a lot of the hair is made of hard plaster . 
  you can kinda see it on the right . 
  less than a year , probably a few months , depending on the sculptors working on it . 
  the main designer or sculptor would only create the more demanding friezes and pediments leaving the repetitive motifs to be done by workshop assistants . 
  the guy knew when ( and how ) to cut corners and get away with it . 
  this was originally done in the period we traditionally call `` roman '' . 
  also , they did n't usually restore damaged statues , they were fast to discard them . 
  thanks , it 's one of my favourite sculptures ( and photos ) . 
  the technology , methods and tools of a sculptor has not changed that much since antiquity . 
  granted , it 's way easier nowadays to obtain first quality marble from a quarry , but from the moment the block arrives at the sculptors workshop the work is pretty much the same . 
  not sure where the name of sauron comes from , but `` sauromates '' translates as lizard-eyed ( saura = lizard , mati = eye ) . 
  i know it 's from lotr , i just do n't know sauron 's etymology , given that tolkien based a lot of his names in the norse and celtic language . 
  these are amazing !, 
  there is some speculation among researchers that one of them ( the lower ) was made in the mainland greece in imitation of the imported one from crete . 
  the main part is composed by two tubular sheets connected at the front with gold wires , interlaced forming an elaborate heracles knot , while at the rear side are intersected in two places . 
  branches and stems with flowers of myrtle , apple and pear-tree spring form the tubes , some preserving traces of green and blue enamel . 
  the details are exquisite . 
  the goldsmith used gold leaf , wire , beading and blue and green enamel to create a very vibrant and impressive crown . 
  similar wreaths have been found in excavations in central macedonia and thessaloniki . 
  the excellent conservation status means that it 's only one of the artefacts of an untouched tomb of a macedonian aristocrat . 
  unfortunately the rest might never be recovered . 
  it was found in an illegal excavation and sold to the j. paul getty museum in los angeles . 
  it was brought back to greece in 2007 after an agreement between the getty museum and the greek ministry of culture . 
  it 's currently exhibited in the archaeologic museum of thessaloniki . 
  - `` where 's spoon ? '', 
  - `` there is no spoon '', 
  i lost it right there . 
  you just have to make it seem like an accident . 
  * `` oh gosh , i am terribly sorry , i just lost control of the car , you know , returning to my empty home from the cemetery where i buried my family '' *, 
  that 's pretty much the concept of * freedom ^ tm * , the sequel to * daemon * . 
  very interesting books . 
  that sounds like my sisters wedding . 
  600 guests at the service , 400 at the feast . 
  i remember addressing the invites . 
  pure hell . 
  i am pretty sure that you lose weight when you combine the two . 
  just like eating carrots . 
  damn . 
  i bought it full price two months ago . 
  not really complaining but i have the strong urge to buy another , just to split the difference !, 
  this is amazing . 
  i did n't know that we have an authentic classical tropaion . 
  any more info ? 
  yep , seems late classical but gives no info on its provenance . 
  interesting to see one anyway but it would be great if it could be attributed to a particular battle . 
  very few people observe the wed/fri fasts and most only fast the last days before easter or the dormition ( that 's the august holiday you mentioned ) . 
  even with this considered , fish is permitted ( or even encouraged , as it 's the food that christ multiplied for the masses ) along with butter and eggs . 
  oils ( olive or sunflower ) are also permitted . 
  most of the people i know ( my family and a lot of colleagues are fairly religious ) just avoid meat for some days prior to the large holidays and that 's it .
