  honourable mentions ;, 
  bell peppers stuffed with rice and mincemeat . 
  feta cheese in pastry, 
  it 's a typical easter dish but i love it anytime . 
  i prepare it without the intestines and insted use more liver cuts . 
  [ strapatsada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strapatsada ) is the greek version of the scramble eggs but with the addition of fresh tomato puree , olive oil and ( of course ) feta cheese . 
  amazing piece , i love it . 
  enjoy, 
  thanks , i plan to lose another 2 kgs or so and start going to the gym . 
  thank you . 
  thanks !, 
  one of the problems ( aside from the unavailability of most american products and ingredients found in recipes here ) was the translation of lbs , oz , cups , tsp and tbsp into grams and kilos . 
  i can not fathom the reason why usa still maintains this system . 
  at last !, 
  mainly marble or any other limestone . 
  the well-known david by michelangelo was carved out of a carrara marble block , weathered by long exposure to rain . 
  that 's the reason it 's so thin at the waist . 
  damn onions ... 
  it will turn on when you plug it in . 
  it 's the same for all the nooks ( color , tabled , and hd ) that barnes and noble released, 
  of course it will turn on on its own after 2 or 3 minutes of charging . 
  chuck has some great tunes . 
  wathcing the series i discovered some truly great bands ( national , band of horses , frightened rabbit , antlers etc ) . 
  thanks for the playlist , it 's time for a rewatch methinks, 
  i use cm11 but if i remember correctly , if you go under settings/storage / ( three dots on the upper right corner ) / usb comouter connection and uncheck mtp file transfer your computer will mount your storage only if you unlock the lockscreen . 
  no problem , glad i could help . 
  sorry , but this `` revelation '' is a hoax . 
  the greek authorities ( from the local ephorate to the ministry ) are always looking for sensational digs and finds to boost their ( and the country 's ) cultural appeal . 
  look how the vergina tombs were exploited for political reasons . 
  also the central archaeological committee has power of veto for every public and private project and can expropriate property at will . 
  it 's also run by noted archaeologists ( and other specialists ) of the field and not politicians . 
  if there was any credibility to this story they would have intervened . 
  how long will it be before they 're working at google ? 
  it 's visually stunning , one of the most beautiful movies i have seen . 
  i also cried like a baby ... 
  you did n't fuck up just because some people are assholes . 
  i think it 's normal to believe that someone is willing to help a stranger , especially on the road . 
  take care, 
  i will miss that `` a google company '', 
  i use a combination of solid explorer and mx player . 
  first you share your pc folders [ right click -  share with -  specific people -  everyone ] then setup the solid explorer smb/cfs service [ jump -  network -  smb/cifs -  '' + '' button and `` scan for server '' then press `` ok '' ] your shared computer folder will be shown in your nook . 
  navigate into a folder and choose a file to stream with mx player . 
  tom , how do you feel when you go into the crowd in `` mr. november '' ? 
  the dress looks amazing on you and you are gorgeous . 
  surely at least 8 billion . 
  first things first ; which device are you using ? 
  * episode 99 , where berlusconi gets hit in the face with a miniature milan cathedral is a classic . 
  * episode 156 with the join adventures of sarah palin and john oliver and the discovery of the badokadonk tank, 
  * episode 174 , featuring the greatest email ever . 
  oh , the fuckeulogy and the penis on the roof are legendery !, 
  the series on hotties from history and the royal wedding were also great . 
  edit : also john loses it everytime belgians or waffles are mentioned . 
  johns narrating of the proccesion was amazing . 
  i was expecting a full fuckeulogy though . 
  i do n't think is a fixed cityscape . 
  there 's a pyramid there and i 'm pretty sure dragonstone from game of thrones, 
  you can find them here http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/9955235/the_bugle_podcast_ ( eps_1_thru_266 ) in torrent form or here http://gamesplusone.com/thebugle/ for direct download/streaming, 
  no problem, 
  hurray for the microsd card !, 
  i 'm debating getting one for my parents . 
  the latest google music app has the option to store the downloaded music in your sd card instead of the internal one . 
  shall we start with the catholic priests ? 
  remove his man parts ( leaving big scars ) and ,, 
  remove his tongue . 
  thats 's for starters . 
  nope, 
  looks promising , i 'd love to try it . 
  great photo , i 've been there three times and i am always impressed by the sculptures presentation in the arcaic gallery http://image.architonic.com/imgarc/project-1/4/5204897/bernard-tschumi-architects-new-acropolis-museum-06.jpg, 
  it 's pretty much impossible to build anywhere around athens without disturbing antiquities in some way or another . 
  i am not sure where in the world the standard practice is to cover ancient remains but in greece we have ratified the venice chart that describes the actions the state can take to aid the study , conservation and exhibition of artifacts and buildings . 
  reburial in only practiced when there are no other means of conservation or the remains are under threat of collapse - which is not the case in the buildings under the new acropolis museum . 
  these have been conserved , restored and the in situ museum will open soon with an exhibition about everyday life in the common neighborhoods of ancient athens . 
  i got this as a fathers day gift for my father , very beautiful watch . 
  enjoy it !, 
  looks like a cross between a griffin and a chimera to me ; body of a lion , head of a goat and the wings of an eagle . 
  it lacks the snake-tail though . 
  not today ... 
  it should n't be much different , it 's only supposed to work on the homescreen and with the screen on . 
  damn ... 
  make the same retarded statements in the usa and you are the front-runner for the governor of texas . 
  great !, 
  less competition . 
  i lost the game, 
  `` oh mighty moyse in the sky , i might get away ... '', 
  `` the fuck you wont '', 
  / r/shortscarystories /, 
  i do believe they mentioned kates ' royal vajayjay on the occasion of the birth of the saviour prince george . 
  is that charles on the balcony above ? 
  nice !, 
  he 's a bit less blurred than the rest , but very well done !, 
  `` like honey on the tongue '', 
  it is now ... 
  looks like a 42mm from edge to crown , maybe more . 
  i stand corrected then . 
  it 's far too big for me , though it seems to be a trend now for oversized watches . 
  i am pretty sure you could still access them using the nook app from any android or ios device . 
  you could even backup your files using calibre , stripping the drm to make them available to other reader apps ( mantaro reader is my favorite ) . 
  as ebook sales continue to rise bn will not stop producing and selling them . 
  so your purchases are secure . 
  interesting .
