wow , thanks for the text and translation . 
  in `` new turkey '' just one of these lines would guarantee you a lifetime in prison . 
  and i can see why he is pissed . 
  the song is rather catchy . 
  he probably found himself dancing to it involuntarily . 
  he is done with the free press in turkey . 
  now he is trying to control german media . 
  this is not his first attempt . 
  he threatened international newspapers and tv channels ( new york times , the guardian , cnn are some examples ) before . 
  however , previously he did it only by verbally threatening them . 
  now it looks like he upped his game by trying to apply the methods he used internally ( government pressure ) in an international way . 
  this only shows how delusional he became . 
  he assumes that merkel can control german tv as he controls the turkish one and thinks if he can manipulate merkel , he can manipulate tv via her . 
  it will be interesting to see how this story develops as it will show if the free press is really free . 
  ~ ~ turkey is in eet ( at least for now , they are considering to move east , and that might happen this week ) ~ ~ update : yes it actually happened . 
  turkey is in utc +3 from now on . 
  well , privatization can be interpreted as a good or bad thing depending on your personal views . 
  but i guess everyone can agree that selling a highly profitable government business ( or any business ) for less than it 's yearly revenue is not a very smart economic decision . 
  it might be done in a developed , stable economy to encourage private investment in a specific area but even than it should be done very carefully to cover for the economic impact . 
  his method is just `` sell 'em all '' . 
  can not agree with this one . 
  it is not like he has been a nice guy for years , and then suddenly went nuts overnight . 
  for the the sake of keeping this comment short , i will skip over his radical islamist , anti-democratic speeches he made before 2003 ( when he became the pm ) . 
  since his party had majority seats in 2002 , he started building his way to slowly creeping his own people in government institutions and building influence over media . 
  one of his first actions was to take over the media empire of cem uzan who is at least as corrupt as him , so that he could have been a threat . 
  later , he slowly continued his progress on these takeovers either by visible or invisible means ( like building influence over media moguls who has other investments through government projects etc. . . ) in the mean time , he built an imaginary `` our economy is doing great '' bubble . 
  since 21st century economy involves a lot of `` convincing people that you are doing well '' he managed to make the impression that the economy is actually going well . 
  in reality however , he funded this mirage by selling all profitable government businesses and land . 
  he also supported investments on short term , high visibility projects ( like a lot of construction work and opening thousands of shopping malls ) which actually do n't provide any sustainable economic stability so the economy always need to be fed from outside sources ( like the sales mentioned above or illegally taking over some large funds ) . 
  so as a result , currently turkish economy completely lacks a middle class with a high gap between the rich and the poor . 
  i always say it is a ticking time bomb and when it goes off , the results will be worse than greece . 
  in foreign relations they also failed miserably . 
  before 2002 , turkey had it 's problems but it was a well respected country in the diplomatic scene with a consistent attitude towards regional and global events . 
  while you might not agree with those policies , at least they displayed a consistency . 
  after his government , turkey did a lot of flips on nearly any regional event . 
  you can see it in the relations of turkey with eu , israel and arabic countries . 
  today , turkey is a country which is basically a diplomatic joke . 
  neither ex-allies , nor it 's neighbors trust turkey while planning any of their actions . 
  turkey has been pushed away from the global diplomatic scene . 
  finally , while all of this was happening , using his power over the media , he managed to turn all of these into things that gained him more popularity among the turkish people . 
  during this process , he managed to pass many laws which granted him mire and more power over the country . 
  finally , in 2010 , by changing the constitution ( where he got the votes of many left leaning people by promising to send perpetrators of 1980 military coupe to court ) one more time , he granted himself a lot more power over the judiciary branch of government and also over the military ( which has been the two last institutions resisting against his will ) . 
  using that power , he managed to place his supporters to critical locations in these organizations , granting him complete power over the country . 
  that 's when he started acting more openly as a dictator , in a way visible from outside of turkey . 
  his latest presidency , and the advantage he got over eu through the refugee crisis just empowered his ego so much that he now thinks that he can bend other countries to his will too . 
  wow , i wanted this to be a short one :-), 
  just to make things clear : in sweden , when people graduate from high school they already graduate with a good degree of english and most of the time do n't feel any need to learn a third language . 
  that 's why duolingo is used mostly by immigrants who use it as an extra tool while learning swedish at their state funded language courses . 
  as a result , it is perfectly normal that the number of swedish learners are higher than other languages . 
  as someone who just got finished with those courses , let me say that especially the first year is painstakingly slow , however it gets better over time . 
  i got both native swedish and immigrant instructors during my time and i can easily say that the immigrant one performed better than most of the native swedish ones ( to me , he shares the first place with another , native swedish one ) . 
  i can say that getting the right instructor is a matter of chance of course , however i believe the system in itself is consistent and well designed to achieve the goals that it was set to achieve . 
  turkish , living in sweden here . 
  simply put : this is the european attitude i enjoy seeing . 
  not just because it is against the false claims and wrongdoings of the turkish government but also because it is a great display of solidarity . 
  it is important that people of europe can gather around certain shared values , since it is the only way for a union with such a diverse structure and history to survive . 
  i do n't remember any time in the history of republic of turkey that a foreign affairs minister is denied entry or a minister is declared persona non grata by any other country . 
  the actions of netherlands is not something you can do `` in the heat of the moment '' or something they did just because they can . 
  they are hard decisions with consequences . 
  maybe it is time for the people in ankara to think about how it came to this point instead of spreading incoherent blame . 
  came here to write this and you beat me with 4 minutes . 
  so , greenland is not europe , but denmark and faroe islands are ? 
  i 'm not sure how they would respond if they heard that . 
  one would have a lot more chance if the exam was oral instead of written . 
  it just becomes a matter of hiding the potato properly in your mouth . 
  makes me laugh every time i watch it . 
  and i know it is pretty famous in sweden in general . 
  it 's in kungsportsplatsen, 
  i find the numbers on nordics rather hard to believe . 
  but of course results of this kind of research can depend highly on how the question is asked . 
  is there a link to the actual research ? 
  for someone who has been living in sweden for many years , i have n't met a single swedish citizen who identified as religious ( christian , muslim , jew etc. . . ) . 
  of course i have n't visited the bible belt of sweden , but from what i heard , even there it is around 30 % religious . 
  while most people was not religious , most did n't identify as atheist either . 
  this was not because they believed in any other deity or `` power '' though . 
  however , also most of them did n't specifically identify as `` atheist '' either . 
  i think it was mostly to avoid using that kind of controversial title . 
  you are right , i have n't checked its age . 
  nevertheless , it is still stands out among others for not being made of shiny glass . 
  i think when ranking buildings like this , there should be a weight defined by the age of the building . 
  as you can see , most of them are modern steel/glass buildings while esztergom basilica , st. peter 's basilica or palace of culture and science are much more impressive when you consider their age or the technology used to build them . 
  `` macedonia '' ? 
  are you trying to start a war or something ? 
  dear portugal , please stop using fahrenheit and switch to using celcius as your unit of temperature . 
  love , sweden ps : what ? 
  what do you mean you are using celcius ? 
  it is ridiculous to claim that anywhere on earth can be 46 c \u00b0 . 
  it is generally labeled as the `` dull city '' of turkey . 
  while there are many places in turkey which is a lot more dull than ankara , it became the poster child of dullness since it is the second biggest city and capital . 
  while the kernel of the city has its roots in the very old times , current day ankara maintained no connection to that history . 
  modern ankara is basically built after the republic , to become the capital and a star of the new , modern turkey however , as a result of being the capital , it developed to a huge city of bureaucracy , which you can see the effects everywhere . 
  still , in that form , the city had a bit of interesting qualities to itself . 
  you could have visited a couple of nice parks , dive deep into the history of the republic , take a look at the historical roots of the city/anatolia by visiting museum of anatolian civilizations , and if you are brave enough get to the old fortress , where you can enjoy the old streets before getting stabbed/robbed . 
  however , even that limited attraction of the city disappeared after the current mayor came to power at 1994 ( yes , 23 years ago ) . 
  after him , the face of ankara lost all its attraction and just became a city of bureaucracy and huge shopping malls . 
  of course together with him , his ideology also started to gain power and a more conservative mindset started to dominate the city . 
  so as of today , it is not even a shadow of the city which it was planned to be . 
  clearly you have n't been to many cities in turkey . 
  try some underdeveloped central anatolian city where they actually kill gay people instead of putting up signs for it . 
  edit : i do not mean to defend what they do in ankara , just showing that it is not the lowest point
