  my point was that the inla continued in the same vein as the official ira in its ambition of creating a socialist republic , which 32csm and \u00c9irig\u00ed also do , not that they represented it politically . 
  i should probably have made that clearer !, 
  we 're a bit unusual in that we have a lot of referenda for a representative democracy ; it sort of encourages fringe elements to mobilise publicly . 
  i 'd argue france had worse problems with conservative elements protesting and demonstrating back when they introduced marriage equality . 
  they could . 
  the 1995 divorce referendum passed by less than a percentage point , after weeks of polls indicating that it would be an overwhelming majority in favour . 
  when it comes to referenda , the irish electorate has a habit of sticking to the status quo at the last minute . 
  look at the first nice referendum and the first lisbon referendum , and then also the seanad abolition referendum more recently . 
  that wo n't be soon . 
  the fine gael-labour coalition took a few heavy hits legislating ( 20 years after the fact ) for a previous constitutional amendment providing for termination where there 's a threat to the mother 's life , post-savita and after enormous condemnation of existing ( or lack thereof ) legislation . 
  to be fair to fg , they 're a centre-right party , but they legislated even as they lost tds ( mps ) because of it . 
  it would need another referendum and there just is n't the political will to it . 
  the marriage equality referendum is proving extremely nasty despite overwhelming public support ; pushing for a contentious abortion referendum is not going to happen with an election likely this time next year as it is . 
  it 's almost certainly going to happen in the next few years , i think everyone expects it to . 
  the ` yes equality ' campaign - who have done the majority of door-to-door canvassing and postering - has been entirely crowd-funded to tune of a hundred thousand euro and still ca n't compete with the funds being thrown about by the likes of iona who claim that they have their money from ` grannies throwing in the odd $ 5 ', 
   i think it 's a little naive to say that this level of extreme far-right and perhaps racism does n't exist in ireland . 
  it quite clearly does . 
  the provisional ira was a left-wing organisation with active ties to the plo . 
  you 're not going to get very far calling it far-right . 
  then there were the more firmly marxist official ira * members who were taken on a trip to north korea . 
  the latter went to to become the irish national liberation army ( inla ) who explicitly wanted to create a 32-county socialist republic . 
  their causes is now taken up politically by the likes of 32-county sovereignty movement and \u00c9irig\u00ed ( not that they 're firmly tied to the inla ) . 
  i would n't even call current dissident republicans far-right ; they do n't really have coherent ideologies with most being little removed from gangland violence in dublin and limerick . 
  * whose political wing was ` official sinn f\u00e9in ' or ` sinn f\u00e9in the workers party ' , now just ` the workers party ' ( not to be confused with ` provisional sinn f\u00e9in ' who are better known as just ` sinn f\u00e9in ' who are/were the provisional ira 's party ), 
  it 's a matter of preference . 
   i went to the library , where i found 38 different style and usage manuals . 
  a few noted specialized disciplines like linguistics and philosophy that vary between double and single quotes . 
  only four briefly acknowledged hybrid usage . 
  none recommended it . 
  and sure enough , the statement on wikipedia has been deleted for lack of citation ... http://www.slate.com/blogs/lexicon_valley/2014/10/21/single_quotes_or_double_quotes_it_s_really_quite_simple.html, 
  that 's not how you spell ` garlic cheese chips ', 
  probably followed by your man insisting he takes the chips anyway . 
  * n\u00ed hea * means ` it is not ' , maybe simply * n\u00ed ... * from * n\u00ed theasta\u00edonn s\u00e9 uaim * ( ' i do not want it ' ) would have suited !, 
  edit : for anyone with no irish , there 're no words for ` yes ' or ` no ' , so you generally repeat the question with the original verb in the positive or negative . 
  this means going with an implied question here ( and there well could be a better one !, 
  it 's only an assembly now , with very limited and very special powers . 
  it was much , much worse when it was a parliament with almost no oversight ; the part where they had a protestant-only paramilitary police force should be enough of a clue . 
   with inventions like the internet , with travel getting faster , easier , cheaper , this old nationalistic thinking will eventually disappear that 's what people traditionally said until scotland , catalonia , flanders et al. 
  started becoming very real , very tangible prospects within the last decade . 
  national identity can be a form of identity politics too . 
  be careful you do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  they do sometimes have no check at all , i think it does also depend on which ferry you get . 
  the overnight ones seem to have significantly less intense surveillance . 
  they tend not to be accepted for air travel on either end any more ; there 's a reason ryanair advise you to use your passport . 
  on air travel . 
  checks at dublin port are infrequent and border checks are extremely rare ( in most cases it 's actually to do with insurance and cigarette/diesel smuggling from the north ) . 
   the irish started to check passports a long time ago except they do n't , in practice . 
  they have to check air passengers because it 's impossible to segregate in most cases . 
  in contrast the british keep threatening to extend the checks and often are n't happy if you turn up with your driving licence or garda id . 
  further to that , the border checks are pretty much unheard of these days ( on both sides ) ; the air checks do have more to do with the practicalities of airports . 
  there 's already a huge difference , for example , in the checks you get going between ireland and the uk via ferry . 
  on the british end you get border police and sniffer dogs eyeing up everyone as they get off in holyhead , sometimes checking every single passport ( there is n't a generally recognised irish id in practice ) arriving in dublin , a bored garda just asked me if i was irish . 
  he did have great fun with a very confused british tourist who insisted he had to check his passport . 
  wait , so is it just the word or a whole sentence ? 
  it 's the difference between ` f\u00e1ilte ' and ` t\u00e1 f\u00e1ilte roimh ostaraigh/muintir na hostaire ' * * literally ` the austrians/people of austria are welcome ' which does n't seem right to me . 
  no , he just sounds like that . 
  they 're a family affair from the west of ireland : http://www.rabble.ie/2014/03/04/irelands-phelps-family-and-nuig/, 
  christ sakes , the entirety of 4od is on youtube . 
  you can legally watch every single episode of father ted for free ; much better than just having a few paltry clips . 
  well , there are a fair few people who do seem convinced that enda * is * an omnipresent , maleficient madman with a cadre of diehard blue-shirted fascists at his disposal . 
  in reality the government is as cack-handed as most every government before it . 
  t\u00e1 m\u00e9 / is mise because the celtic languages have to be just that bit different . 
  i thought that might be a bit ambiguous so i changed it to ` unionist ' ( only slightly less ambiguous ) . 
  really , loyalism in its normal usage means loyalty to protestant ulster , which is inappropriate for joyce because of his distinctly catholic , anglo-irish background . 
  even still , [ loyalism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulster_loyalism ) does not mean loyalty to westminster , but loyalty to the crown , regardless of the actual government . 
  not as much an oxymoron as you 'd think ; there 's not really a contradiction there ( unless you see ulster loyalists as not being loyalists ) . 
  imagine a nazi/fascist uk where the king still reigns , that is sort of what joyce wanted . 
  a catholic , american-born , irish unionist tory nazi ; truly a product of globalisation . 
  he 's buried in the [ cemetery ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/place/bohermore+cemetery/@53.281402,-9.039363,17z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x72dd2cd193aecb51 ) ( in the protestant section , bizarrely ) five minutes down the road from my office . 
  as is often the case they 're the sort of thing which would help you fail an english fluency exam but which are used extensively by native speakers . 
  again , i largely agree with you , but i feel like this was kind of inevitable . 
  from living in britain i felt a lot of people were completely ignorant of their own history ( there 's a shocking number of brits who seem to regard ireland as theirs or ` british ' , in a really patronising way ) . 
  oh , no worries , i know ; thought it best to just make that comment , those maps seem to crop up every so often . 
  i have n't looked into them too much to know exactly how accurate they are , but i have that bit of doubt . 
  i 'm not really sure how much stock i 'd put in that map or in the other one about blue eyes . 
  it seems fairly anecdotal , taking a some incommensurate datasets and aggregating them through a lens of ` what seems right ' . 
  i think the problem is more that the bad stuff gets elided , which then distorts the picture the other way . 
  we 're broadly in agreement here ; historical figures are n't usually completely black or white , but there 's always the danger that you present it as such . 
  like for example you sometimes see arguments between british and irish people as to whether or not cromwell was the father of parliamentary democracy or a genocidal maniac . 
  in reality he was n't completely either one of these things , but both sides have only one side of picture and the discussion is then completely thrown out of perspective . 
  as other people have suggested here , more information is needed to restore balance and then prevent undue eulogising or demonising of fairly complex histories . 
   that 's why you guys are n't as ginger as , say , the scottish and irish one of many reasons . 
  the welsh ( at least in the north-west ) are pretty much descended from the exact same people as the scots and irish and have been subject to broadly similar population movements since and yet do n't have the same reputation for ginger-ness . 
  recessive genes like seem more susceptible to a whole load of other , relatively minor factors . 
  usually the theory goes that the newcomers just replace the elites at the top . 
  similar to how the normans replaced the top of the anglo-saxon feudal hierarchy , or the protestant ascendancy replaced most of the gaelic irish and old english lords in ireland . 
  is that chart suggesting that there was n't any terrorism in 1993 ? 
  because that 's definitely not the case for northern ireland - http://cain.ulst.ac.uk/sutton/chron/1993.html the ira were well into their bombing campaign in mainland britain and loyalist paramilitaries carried out numerous reprisal killings against catholics . 
   saturday 30 october 1993  greysteel killings  the ulster freedom fighters ( uff ) , a cover name ( pseudonym ) used by the ulster defence association ( uda ) , killed six catholics civilians and one protestant civilian in an attack on the ` rising sun ' bar in greysteel , county derry . 
  a further 13 people were injured in the attack one of whom later died of his injuries on 14 april 1994 . 
  one of the gunmen was hear to say `` trick or treat '' before he fired into the crowded bar . 
  they thought he was syria but he was probably in paris at the time ? 
  i think the various ira groups and the inla have killed more europeans than islamic extremists , often incidentally . 
  i 'd rather not have to deal with sunrise not happening until after 10am . 
  that 's what dst is for up here , making it possible to get up in the morning at all . 
  the key point is more so that irish citizens have rights within the uk ( and vice versa ) which are not due to european citizenship , it is not impossible to imagine that the same rights might be granted to citizens of an iscotland ( and extended reciprocally to ruk citizens as ireland does ) . 
  the cta is related to this but the issue is broader . 
  that depends on how negotiations around the common travel area go . 
  irish citizens had the right to enter , remain in , and work in the uk long before both states joined the eec . 
  if the cta survives brexit ( who knows yet ) then an independent scotland would have every right to [ still ] be part of it .
