  i ca n't fathom the logic that self-determination is something which can be made * unconstitutional * . 
  i kind of like dylan moran 's view of it , ` i 've been saying it for a long time : it 's the disconnect between london and the rest of the country . 
  why would people accept that ? 
  london is a financial citadel . 
  they may as well put a moat around it , or attach rockets so it hovers 300ft above the rest of britain . 
  the idea of a trickle-down economy is horseshit ' well , there are better ways of putting it , but not so colourfully . 
   we got the boundary commission , but the british did n't keep their word and we got no land back . 
  that 's not what happened at all . 
  the boundary commission 's suggestions were rejected because , although they did give land to the free state , they also gave land to the north . 
  the free state refused to accept this once public opinion was suitably enraged and buried it with the help of the british government , it was all a major debacle . 
  maybe all the catalans are buying it . 
  ` ding dong the witch is dead ' made it to # 2 in the uk when thatcher died , and i 'm fairly sure that plenty of people were outraged then too . 
  any and all sources . 
  otherwise ireland would be at 90 % + rather than 80-90 ; we get some energy from peat and renewables . 
  i found it especially misleading considering ireland in particular , despite having an extremely low energy independence , does not import more than a trace level of its supplies from russia . 
  obviously not quite as well or as detailed , but ireland has long had a very prominent and very active abstinence movement backed by the catholic church . 
  the average drinker may have drank more than his european counterparts but more irish people did n't drink at all . 
  or , st patrick 's day : the dublin parade got full coverage and was even repeated in full again . 
  the other cities got five second montages on the news . 
   honestly people drank more back in the day around europe and we 've never seen this many young people being as mentally ill as today actually , irish people did not traditionally drink as much in the last century as they have in the last decade . 
  not disagreeing at all . 
  it is painful to read the independent when it 's pandering to the dublin commuter belt . 
  the irish times is fairly benign by comparison , with more of a kind of fetish for south dublin affairs and legal stuff . 
  i know i 'd trust the times or examiner far more readily than the indo . 
  edit : i remember the indo ran a few articles on a lad in my year in secondary school who committed suicide . 
  the articles were full of horrible reactionary guff blaming social media and claiming he did it for attention ; they did n't go down very well . 
  actually , they 're probably the only national irish newspaper that still does serious investigative journalism . 
  the sad part being that it 's still in many ways the * cork examiner * that it used to be , very regional in terms of its focus . 
  i know this to traditionally be the case but i 've never heard of an irish priest refusing to bury a victim of suicide in at least the last decade . 
  to the contrary , you get priests using the funerals of suicide victims to give sermons urging people to get help from friends , family , and medical services . 
   the new british pound coin has twelve points , just like the ring of stars on the eu flag and just like the [ twelve-sided 3p coin on which it is based and which totally predates the eu flag by a very long way ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/threepence_%28british_coin%29 ) . 
  seriously , pro-eu here , but this is a total coincidence . 
  you might as well talk about how the western zodiac has twelve main starsigns , just like the stars on the eu flag . 
  i still do n't see why that 's relevant . 
  the us has participated in wars that are very hard to justify and probably committed war-crimes recently , that 's a separate issue . 
   all we can do is complain here that 's more than a little bit trivial . 
  the internet is largely a talking shop . 
  and yes , the eu is n't doing very much . 
  that 's also a separate issue from whether or not we 're right to have a problem with russia and it certainly does n't justify annexing crimea . 
   i think they should have the right to annex shit that was theirs for centuries before ww1 and ww2 and pretty much has 90 % russian population . 
  crimea has less than 60 % ethnic russians . 
  this sort of irredentism is extremely destablising and not particularly legitimate on its own . 
  also , whether or not the us does this kind of shit is [ extremely irrelevant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) . 
  i do n't care much for us foreign policy , but in this case they may very well be on the right side . 
  i friend of mine likes to claim he got tuberculosis from living in corrib . 
  i do know that half the freshers catch something , but it probably is n't tb . 
   where a small majority of people in the region are in favour of separation [ that 's not the case in northern ireland ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/politics/poll-just-38-want-a-united-ireland-29584149.html ) . 
  i happen to agree with you , this practice of making separatism unconstitutional ( see spain ) is utterly nonsensical . 
  surely , if enough people in a region wish to secede , that undermines the very legitimacy and mandate of the consititution which claims authority over said region . 
  traditionally ? 
  fight . 
  though , that can really only be justified where the drive to secede can claim legitimacy . 
  it 's very hard to buy crimea 's secession as the legitimate will of the people ( the ones who will inevitably become casualties ) with several thousand ` totally-not-russian ' soldiers there . 
  google confirmed for a better together scaremonger . 
  why does ireland have two capital cities ? 
  because those damned corkonians got notions . 
  they 're probably still there , i have n't heard from them in a while , why ? 
  because it 's not easy and would be deeply unpopular with european electorates if implemented ? 
  putin 's russia has traditionally been keen to appear an equal trading partner with the eu , and it has certainly suited the eu to have a reliable source of relatively cheap fuel . 
  it 's much harder to tell your population that they 'll have to suck up shortages in the short-term and severe price hikes in the long-term . 
  it would be trump card only if it were easy , but the eu would be much less hurt than russia . 
  they need us buying it . 
  we have the choice , however expensive it may be , to go elsewhere . 
  it 's extremely disappointing , but somewhat to be expected since individual member-states have very different priorities and very different electorates . 
  for example , russian intervention in ukraine is far more pressing to finland , the baltic countries , and poland ; these are the eu states which have so far been most vocal . 
  the uk has appeared very wishy-washy , and i suspect that this is because a russian war does n't suit their interests and certainly is n't something the british electorate would care very much for a hundred years on from wwi . 
  i would like to see the eu take a united front on the matter , since the economic power of the eea could potentially crush russia without a bullet ever being fired . 
  however , united eu action will probably only happen once enough eu states are involved individually and can make a case to the rest . 
  these same states are likely to all nato members , at which case it 's probably a nato action which the eu is supporting . 
   also , there has been huge protests in support of russia in eastern ukraine and crimea , i 'm sure you know that . 
  which is not the same thing was wanting to join russia . 
  they feel their position threatened by the new ukrainian administration which has n't exactly been doing much to propose safeguards as it should . 
   so if a fair voting system is established , and people in crimea and eastern ukraine do not want to be apart of an eu or western ukraine future , and are willing to go to war over it , does that give them to right to secede then or no ? 
  that 's a pretty theoretical situation considering how things stand now . 
  a truly fair plebsicite would take months to organise , and would certainly not involve several thousand russian troops in what is currently ukrainian territory . 
  i do support the right to self-determination where it is qualified with protections of minorities , hence why i whole-heartedly support the scottish and catalonian separatist movements but have grave concerns over crimean separatism . 
  you have to establish that is actually self-determination and not something manufactured by the presence of russian troops . 
  ethnic russians make up the majority in crimea , but some do consider themselves ukrainian in terms of nationality , and the vast majority of ethnic ukrainians and tatars seem heavily on the side of ukraine . 
  partition is also not a solution to ethnic conflict , since it just changes who the minorities are . 
  check out our latest military hardware with this banana for scale !, 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  yes , i would agree with you , but would point out that ukraine needs to face the reality that they will have to give some concessions to ethnic russians . 
   scotland , northern irish and catalonians . 
  scotland has a referendum coming up which is fully recognised by westminster . 
  no abuses of civil rights here . 
  northern ireland is the most peaceful it 's been in a very long time , barring the actions of some fringe groups . 
  the british and irish governments are both satisfied with its status and investigations are underway into the more questionable actions of armed forces during the troubles . 
  catalonia is being denied their right to self-determination , that much is true , but spain is n't quite so belligerent as it is just unwilling to acknowledge the growing separatist question as a legitimate issue . 
  partition is rarely successful , * instead of protecting minorities you end up just exchanging them while entrenching the existing divisions . 
  a united ukraine forced to grant further protections and autonomy to russian and tartar minorities , itself protected by the eu and nato would be the optimum solution from a purely western point of view . 
  no irredentism and russia 's ability to interfere in internal politics is diminished . 
  * the only successful example i can think of czechia/slovakia , and that was only because it was by mutual assent . 
  the key difference between kosovo and crimea is that i ca n't recall any genocidal civil wars in ukraine within the last few decades which would suggest that ethnic russians could face extermination . 
  a conciliatory approach in ukraine appears to still be possible barring russian intervention whereas the world had pretty grave doubts about serbia 's ability to reconcile with kosovars . 
  we just love travelling . 
  it 's grand ol' craic , sure , seeing other countries for extended periods of time ( and sometimes illegally for extra points ) . 
  ca n't get enough of it , really . 
  i have to say i 'm very much in favour of the regionalisation of europe . 
  a confederation of regions would ideally be both more capable of implementing coherent and effective policy top-down with strong and roughly equivalent local , regional governments also capable of managing the day-to-day affairs of citizens close to where they live instead of a europe dominated by any one or two states . 
  basically , subsidiarity taken to an extreme .
