  i agree , however a lot of the crisis seems to have come as a result of the various actors sticking to their own situations : the ecb has to protect the euro , merkel has to protect german interests and her government 's position at home , and greek politicians have to do likewise . 
  as we saw , populism is power in the midst of a crisis . 
  compared with when i lived in london and paris , relatively rare , but probably more often than most irish cities since we have a fairly large barracks here . 
  if you 're around town in the afternoon , chances are you will see armed soldiers and armoured cars escorting securicor deliveries to various banks . 
  also , the soldiers occasionally carry an artillery piece through the city centre for charity . 
  we did once have an annual airshow , at which various irish , british , and sometimes american warplanes would participate . 
  that was shut down thanks in part to complaints about noise and a very active anti-war movement . 
  naval vessels stop off in the docks fairly often , too , but our navy is n't exactly the most fearsome thing in the world . 
  none of this quite compares to getting the m\u00e9tro in the morning surrounded by french lads waving smgs around . 
  i 'm tempted to draw out a comparison between ireland and the united kingdom here . 
  ireland had always been under westminster 's sphere of influence ( and far longer than russia and ukraine 's relationship ) , but things change and the uk is still a reasonable power politically and culturally , even if it is n't a world empire . 
  that 's hardly surprising if ukrainians and russians are indeed both ignoring tartar interests . 
  i 'm fairly sure most members of the church of ireland would consider themselves to be irish . 
  there is a big difference between north and south of the border , especially in the cities ; galway , cork , dublin , and limerick where you do have sizable protestant communities . 
  the difference between ireland and northern ireland is that because popular culture here is so overwhelmingly catholic ( not necessarily in belief ) that protestants are somewhat silent in comparison , but definitely irish ( people will just assume that they 're catholic anyway ) . 
  i do agree that religion has been integral to identity formation but along very divergent paths after partition . 
  being irish and being british mean two very different things depending on what side of the border you 're on . 
  we did have one outside leinster house ( home of both houses of government ) which was removed in 1947 and eventually given to sydney , australia in the 80s . 
  apparentlty it 's somewhere in their city centre now . 
  why , is ukraine not in europe ; does europe suddenly stop somewhere around prague ? 
  many redditors from the ukraine have already stated that firearms are very hard to acquire legally , so air rifles are pretty much the only guns around . 
   the only point i agree with him is on the dangers of the centralization of power , and a dogmatic ideology . 
  the eu as a whole is highly decentralised and there is no single , consistant ideology at the core of the european project which is why both the left and right can conveniently portray the eu as ` the enemy ' as politically necessary . 
   somehow needs to speak irish to balance it out which is not what i said at all . 
  i was using her as an example of how mutable irish-ness is and how it is n't about blood , but thank you for suggesting that i 'm a racist . 
   speaking the english language being the main one . 
  i know of a fair few people who grew up in irish-only families , not learning any english until they went ( in some cases ) to secondary school , and at least one woman is only in her 30s . 
  they 're not irish then by this suggestion , or at least by your very leading logic . 
  i dispute that ` speaking english ' is the main marker of being irish when so many millions speak english , accent and dialect are also strong players here . 
  i know i 've been accused of ` not being irish ' for speaking with a neutral accent so obviously ` speaking english ' is n't it , but rather ` speaking english in an `` irish '' fashion ' . 
  i think you 're massively misrepresenting what i said here . 
  i do consider the ability to speak the irish language to be part of being irish , but being part of any ethnic group or nationality is not an exercise in ticking boxes . 
  if you do n't speak irish i 'm not going to tell you you 're not irish , i certainly do n't speak it fluently myself . 
  likewise , if you do n't play gaa , no one reasonable is going to say to that you 're not irish . 
  yet these are all aspects of irish culture to which most irish people would place a varying level of attachment to . 
  not all irish people care about irish , not all irish people care about gaa , or watch rt\u00c9 , or have an opinion on how much of a prick bono is or is n't ; these are all still superficial aspects that have an impact on how a sense of irish identity can be formed . 
  i feel like i should go register ` icantbelieveitsnottheira.com ' as soon as possible and use it as single-serving site listing all the various iras . 
  not in ireland : [ there were 36,000 lithuanians in ireland in 2011 but only 20,000 latvians ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/media/csoie/census/documents/census2011profile6/profile,6,migration,and,diversity,tables,and,appendices.pdf ) . 
  if it makes you feel any better , you guys beat the estonians , of whom only 2,500 or so live in ireland . 
  there just do n't seem to be that many of ye over here , i know i 've met more lithuanians . 
  throw them under the bus ? 
  that idiom makes no sense here . 
   neither you or i have any providence over what constitutes an irish person . 
  i 'm fairly sure irish people have the means of judging the signs and signifiers attached to irish identity . 
   if you want to wallow in your hatred of people who are simply trying to embrace their heritage you are a petty fool why do you think i hate them ? 
  i do n't hate irish-americans , just as i do n't hate americans of any particular descent . 
  the greater part of them * are not * irish but that does not imply i have any problem with them celebrating their ancestry . 
  i however do n't understand why you believe that blood - however far removed - should count as much as actual cultural attachment . 
   we are defined by our shared culture , heritage and ideals much more than borders and legal documents . 
  i have to disagree . 
  i have far more in common with second generation immigrants to ireland than i do with the average irish-american . 
  i know a few muhammeds who are far more irish - legally and culturally - than someone from boston or new jersey . 
  you also have the likes of \u00dana minh caomh\u00e1nach , who was born in vietnam to vietnamese parents , but was brought up in kerry and speaks irish better than most irish people . 
  to me , the people who live here - no matter where they come from - are what makes this nation , not people several hundred kilometres away who would have dropped a few dollars into a collection bucket headed for the ira until relatively recently , or who let the ancient order of hibernians decide that lgbtq activists are n't allowed march in a st patrick 's day parade because you apparently ca n't be both irish and a sexual/gender minority . 
  the article says all this . 
   moreover , many later immigrants , particularly jewish immigrants from poland and the russian empire , anglicized their names to ease assimilation  miller can , for example , be an anglicized version the german m\u00fcller or an english surname  perhaps the most geographically complex surname is lee . 
  the map codes lee as chinese , not noting that it can also be derived from korean and vietnamese family names . 
  but lee is also an english name , stemming usually from l\u0113ah , a meadow or forest clearing , a word that also yielded the surnames lea and leigh . 
  the irish surname \u00d3 laoidaigh was also anglicized as lee, 
  apparently [ only 235,000 people have martin as a surname in france ] ( http://www.journaldesfemmes.com/nom-de-famille/nom/145690/martin.shtml ) : not the best source , but the interactive map is fun . 
  it may just be the case that there are a lot of unique surnames . 
  what amuses me about bbc weather forecasts is that they all openly use radar data from shannon and dublin airports to show weather in the uk but immediately gloss over the prospect that ireland might have weather too . 
  ` irish person watching the bbc ? 
  pay the licence fee , pleb , or no weather for you ! ', 
  is there a more general survey of redditors ' nationality available ? 
  it 'd be an interesting point of comparison . 
  i 'd say if anything that we should use the two together . 
  self-identification is a thoroughly worthwhile measure of political belief considering ideology is often heavily contextual and varies from place to place and person to person . 
  to use the two together would be a nice test of correlation . 
   poland and the uk are slightly overrepresented ...  almost as many north americans here as germans it * is * an anglophone site . 
  i would say that ireland is fairly overrepresented though , but possibly somewhat under-represented when compared with the fairly active sub that is / r/ireland . 
  i 'll stick with the recorded measurements , but it does bear out that reputation and actuality are two very different things . 
  i 've long since come to terms with people expecting me to be some sort of habitual alcoholic . 
   which european country 's citizens can drink the most ? 
   russia 495 26 %  ireland 227 12 %  poland 226 12 % well , no real surprises here , but i did n't realise our reputation was that strong in europe . 
  funnily enough , this one ( of all of grandpa 's lines ) actually makes sense , it just means grandpa has a terrible car . 
  a rod is 5 1/2 yards ( 4.572 meters ) and a hogshead is 63 us gallons ( 238.480942 liters ) , so grandpa 's car would go less than 202 meters on 238ish liters of petrol . 
  that does n't sound like a very efficient car . 
  [ not a big simpsons fan , are you ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xecurlnxcqk ) [ also , the original scene ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqbtxzvxns8 ), 
  irish cities tend to be built on marshy , easily flooded ground . 
  we really could have planned this all a bit better . 
  ah well . 
  also , cork 's original name in irish , * corcaigh * , is supposed to derived from the fact that the damn place was built on an actual marsh ( [ * corcach * allegedly being an old word for marshland ] ( http://www.libraryireland.com/irishplacenames/corcach-root-word.php ) ) . 
  ` she 'll go 300 hectares on a single tank of kerosene ! ', 
  yes , i know . 
  i posted about this over at / r/mapporn . 
  it 's not exactly an ideal situation since people who would prefer to use either welsh or english are presented with a lot of excess information in no obvious order , though the welsh do n't seem to have much of a problem with it . 
  * some * differentiation would help , so long as it keeps the languages at a parity . 
  no , that 's the old norse name . 
  it 's * baile \u00c1tha cliath * in modern irish . 
  the norse * dyflin * is thought to probably derive from the irish * dubh linn * ( a pool now underneath the gardens of dublin castle , where the norse landed their boats ) . 
  irish does n't have a letter * y * . 
  most of them were n't made up as such , they had just long since fallen out of use or had no obvious relation to the english name . 
  * baile \u00c1tha cliath * is , at least in my opinion , easily one of the worst cases . 
  sure , there * was * a little village called * \u00c1th cliath * on the liffey but i know of no reason why that should be dublin 's name in irish . 
  with the highly annoying addition of completely illegible irish text written in false italics and letters from a mixture of different typefaces . 
  here 's hoping that plan to introduce colour-differentiated , lower-case irish-english signage works out . 
  [ i have a few posts about this plan and how badly the irish-language is treated on irish signs over at mapporn ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/1wtpke/highway_fonts_of_europe_1280x979/cf5d4at ) . 
  fair point , now i see what you 'd meant .
