  not in the same way , which is what i said . 
  proxy wars are better if you live in the us or the ussr , since the conflict does n't affect you even though you started it . 
  it 's a sort of callous ` not our problem ' mentality . 
  and yet the key feature of the cold war was the proliferation of totalitarian states and radical insurgencies backed by either the usa , the ussr , or china . 
  they happened before , but never on a such a global scale , and never affecting so many millions of people . 
  nuclear weapons meant that other parts of the world suffered more in the name of geopolitical interest and a nominal peace for people living in the developed west or the communist bloc . 
  not if you live in the affected areas . 
  insurgencies and dictatorships propped up by outsiders can go on for decades . 
   canada , australia , new zealand ... it was not just by conquest . 
  what is colonisation if not conquest with the pretense of civility ? 
  not exactly surprising , there is n't any significant protestant immigration which would increase their proportional share , while catholicism is so prevalent that no plausible amount of immigration could ever make that grow proportionally larger . 
  it 's very easy to grow rapidly when you go from having maybe 3,000 adherents to 40,000 over twenty years . 
  i 'm not trying to jump down your throat , i just do n't want people getting the wrong idea from your comments . 
  they went from being 0.1 % of the population in 1991 to being 1 % of the population in 2011 , during a period in which the irish population increased by more than 20 % . 
  wales does not have a gaelic language , it has a brythonic language . 
  not at all . 
  a friend of my mother 's ( in her 40s ) never learnt to speak english until she was nearly a teenager , her whole family are native irish speakers from conamara . 
  contrast this with ireland , where left-wing nationalists sinn f\u00e9in are storming through both local and european elections . 
  this is some reason to believe that sf are actually preventing the growth of a hard right movement in ireland by occupying the nationalist space , as argued by ucd politics professor eoin o'malley . 
  you 're missing the part where o'duffy was forced to resign after just a year . 
  the blueshirts did exist outside of fg , too , and a number went with o'duffy on his further political misadventures founding another , overtly fascist-corporatist party and then onto the spanish civil war . 
  i do n't deny that fg are descended from the army comrades association , no one in fg does either , but to say that they were ever the same thing is bizarre . 
  that makes as much sense as saying the ira are in power since fine gael can also trace their origins back to pro-treaty sinn f\u00e9in . 
   all the protestant countries are low context really ? 
  within the uk , i 'd consider scotland and northern ireland ( both catholics and protestants ) to be high-context and england to be low-context . 
  that list counts irish as a high-context culture , and i 'm inclined to agree . 
  irish politics is very hard to explain to outsiders and often requires a brief history lesson covering several centuries . 
  just think of the naming disputes we have with the uk where brits continually fail to see why these things are a problem . 
  or , our variously strained relationship with our own national languages . 
  though , i am slightly confused to see jews labelled low-context ; i was under the impression that there 's a lot of unspoken complexity in their shared culture . 
  something to do with the garda vouching for you . 
  it 's all very vague and thoroughly irish in its mysteries . 
  that is some bizarre stuff , but he did recant . 
  ff never legislated on abortion ( hence the problem we had ) and so their whip was never tested in the same way . 
  i totally agree , some people honestly seem to believe that this mythical ` unionist rump ' is colluding with parties in the republic of ireland , surely the very people they would want nothing to do with . 
  this makes no sense unless you 're a diehard nationalist who thinks that anyone outside your particular cabal is a paid agent of the crown . 
  take a medical solution which contains high levels of electrolytes . 
  basically water with high levels of sugar and salt . 
  this is not water in the same way that coca-cola is n't water . 
  yes , dehydration involves a loss of water , but the killer is the lack of electrolytes which you can not sufficiently replace with the sort of water you drink everyday . 
  in cases where the dehydration is resultant from a disease , you might actually flush out the electrolytes with ` ordinary ' water faster . 
  which is not the same thing as commerically available bottled water . 
  when dehydrated you need electrolytes , which you can not ordinarily get enough of from bottled water or tap water . 
  edit : for example , on bottles of lucozade , a drink which does contain electrolytes , there is a warning which advises you not to drink it in cases of dehydration . 
  yeah , it 's plenty rude . 
  in context it is a matter that no wants to feel like some sort of ill-educated monoglot . 
  personally , i also just do n't like being called anglophone . 
  i 've heard stories of parties of international students inevitably segregating on the basis of language , whereby the americans and brits turn towards the irish only for the irish to start reciting * \u00c1r nathair * or * an spailp\u00edn f\u00e1nach * just for the sole purpose of not being lumped with the dirty anglophones . 
  i also remember saving a friend from a very stubborn , pervy frenchman by chatting in irish with her . 
  i find irish to suit bitter irony pretty well and a lot of the ` wise sayings ' , * seanfhocail * that speakers sometimes use tend to be rich in it . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a by-product of irish speakers being universally bilingual with english . 
  examples : * n\u00edl aon leigheas ar an ngr\u00e1 , ach p\u00f3sadh * ( ` there 's no cure for love , but marriage ' ) . 
  * aithn\u00edonn ciar\u00f3g ciar\u00f3g eile * ( equivalent to ` takes one to know one ' but literally ' a beetle recognises another beetle ' ), 
   water does n't help against dehydration it does n't . 
  drinking water when you 're dehydrated would only make it worse . 
  people do n't realise that being a bit thristy and being dehydrated are different things ; companies which produce bottled water mislead consumers by conflating the two . 
  it 's problematic , because it pretty much shits across all established historical fact by reducing it to the level of ` zionist conspiracy ' . 
  they are n't just the owners of shit opinions , they 're * dangerous * . 
  i 'll say it , just so some apologist does n't , but adams is still an important figure in the north whether or not his political office is there . 
  now , the idea that a unionist ` rump ' in the psni is masterminding this in concord with ff-fg so that sf will lose the locals is obviously up there with aliens building my bathroom in terms of plausibility . 
   fine gael is the more conservative branch of irish politics . 
  they 're for traditional things like family values etc. 
  but they 're also the guys who agreed to put a referendum on abortion , albeit under public pressure . 
  this would be because fine gael are obsessed with the constitution ( despite it being a fiann f\u00e1il creation ) . 
  just look at how many constitutional referenda this government alone has brought in . 
  they are also obsessed with running a tight ship , hence why they enforced the whip so thoroughly in getting the legislation through . 
  there is also the possibility that there a still a few devotees of garret fitzgerald 's social justice wing in there . 
  normally i 'd agree , but i 've never seen a case of holocaust denial that was n't just rabid anti-semitism with the pretense of honest , respectable inquiry . 
  not recognising connacht does n't exactly indicate a great level of awareness of irish politics or culture . 
   no , it is n't . 
  that is the problem with the english , they never think very far ahead , and more often than not stuck in the past . 
  says the one who seems to think that the period 1960ish-1996 stands to define the future history of anglo-irish relations for as far as a redditor can talk out of his own arse . 
  thus far you 've come across as a particularly biased person not very knowledgable of the complex cultural and political situation they 're going on about . 
  the troubles refers to a highly particular period , to mention ` another ' troubles is a very specific reference with obvious implications . 
   who said it has to be the same scale ? 
  you did , ` another period of the troubles ' does carry that implicit meaning . 
   so in 1000 years you think that is going to be the case ? 
  that 's a wonderfully and totally irrelevant timescale . 
  it 's a truism to say that things change over time , but at that scale ireland and even the uk itself could easily be united or conquered by the mighty armies of the nepalese empire . 
   the potential for this to instigate another period of the troubles this not a majority opinion in northern ireland . 
  the disappeared are a controversial subject and this prosecution has seemed inevitable to a lot of people . 
  why do you think that this will somehow result in another few decades of unrest ? 
   northern ireland is still completely untenable long term as part of the uk . 
  also why ? 
  things are better there than they 've ever been , there is no major campaign to unify ireland and northern ireland . 
  most irish and northern irish voters are totally apathetic to unification . 
  1 - it was announced recently that the soldiers responsible for bloody sunday could face prosecution in the near future . 
  2 - [ whataboutery ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/whataboutery ) is a terrible thing that gets us nowhere . 
  please do n't do it . 
  slovenia and the czech republic , despite being largely more physically ` western ' than austria are apparently to the ` east ' of it . 
  i 'm used to this whole western europe vs eastern europe with no central europe being pushed by people with no sense of geography or history , it 's just depressing to see this having some level of endorsement . 
  you 've missed his point entirely . 
  / u/abczerg 's point is that / u/ichikabyakushiki is making the mistake you 're attributing to himself . 
   so it can add texts that say that gambling is a sin and ... when exactly has this ever happened ? 
  how did they determine this ? 
  there are quite a few irish words around 21 letters , so i 'm fairly certain there is at least one which is longer . 
  there is * frithd\u00edbhuna\u00edochtach\u00f3ireach * ( anti-disestablishmentarianism ) but i do n't think you 'll find it in an irish dictionary . 
  that might have more to do with farage turning his views on putin into an attack on the eu , and merkel in particular . 
  guardian , huffpost , independent . 
  however averse he may be to criticism , it 's a big leap to putin and the assassination of critics .
