  there 's a huge disparity between [ headline and effective corporate tax rates in the eurozone ] ( http://www.ronanlyons.com/2011/05/17/just-say-non-the-facts-on-corporate-tax-rates-in-europe/ ) . 
  [ most eu countries have a far lower effective corporate tax rate than 20 % ] ( http://www.ronanlyons.com/2011/05/17/just-say-non-the-facts-on-corporate-tax-rates-in-europe/ ), 
  yeah , we have halloween for that in ireland . 
  yep , it 's basically making it clear that we 're talking about ` the language named x ' . 
  irish does n't have indefinite articles and so the definite article is necessary . 
  at least that 's my understanding and i 'd welcome any correction !, 
  there is an element of politics in it too . 
  english writers on ireland in the 1400s-late 1500s would argue that the proof of irish idolence lay in the heavy forestation of ireland . 
  from edmund spencer you get these images of near-mystical savages living in the woods and emerging to harrass english settlers . 
  the irish historian nicholas canny argued that these arguments were reproduced in writings on early colonial america , that the native americans had clearly let nature run riot and that disciplined english colonists could come and cultivate the land . 
  it would be nice though to restore some of more the ancient woods if possible , i know people have it wrapped up in their minds that pasture and moorland are the ` default ' states of being for ireland and scotland . 
   its very rare that you ca n't see some evidence of human activity though well , most of the highlands is sculpted . 
  those wide , open spaces are n't there naturally - they 're there because the pine forests were cut down to make way either for pastures or moorland in which to hunt grouse and deer . 
  ah , you 're alright , it 's a wonderful mess of a period . 
  dublin was in serious decline during the 1800s . 
  the 1801 act of union ended its political status and the former , georgian , townhouses of the wealthy were converted into tenement housing . 
   dublin definitely now that ive read more into it dublin really fell into decline during the 1800s , though . 
  the 1801 act of union ended its political preeminence and unlike belfast it did n't benefit that much from industrialisation . 
  dublin might have been the ` second city ' in the 1700s , perhaps . 
   the english one was followed by ( and helped cause ) what were effectively civil wars in scotland and ireland too scotland and ireland actually kicked off * before * england !, 
  the risings in scotland and ireland were contributing factors to the english civil wars . 
  charles i 's lord deputy in ireland , thomas wentworth , was impeached and executed by westminster for his cack-handed involvement in trying to end the scottish crisis but also as a test for curbing royal authority . 
  wentworth himself was hated in ireland for his attempts to dominate the irish parliament , but once he was out of the picture ireland spiralled into violence pretty spectacularly in october 1641 . 
  ireland was part of the uk for ~ 123 years , but the relationship between ireland and england goes back 700 years before that . 
  i would n't say ireland was a colony when it was part of the uk though it was definitely an unequal and exploitative economic and political relationship . 
  i mean , you say ireland was ` never a colony ' , i have to ask what that entails exactly . 
  what is your view of a colony so that we can see why ireland does n't mean those criteria . 
  i mean the most successful irish ` colony ' i can think of is scotland , but that 's a fairly sedate example . 
  there was no conquest of scotland by the irish , rather a complete cultural and political coup d'\u00e9tat ( which did n't even last long ) that we still do n't fully understand . 
  it 's not quite on the scale of invading the island and establishing a marcher lordship over much of it . 
  i expect that much of the difficulty is that ` colony ' as we understand it is a pretty modern term and modern phenomenon , whereas the ` colonisation ' of ireland ( if we can call it that ) happened in the middle ages and only partially in the early modern period . 
  the elite and general population of england were both ` english ' to some greater or lesser extent , this was definitely not the case in the ireland of the 1600s . 
  looking just at ireland 's ruling class : you had some remnants of the traditional irish aristocracy who 'd survived the transition to becoming stuart subjects , you some descendants of the hiberno-normans ( who were mostly catholic ) , and then you had a whole swathe of english ( and some scots ) protestant nobility who had moved in during the late 1500s and early-mid 1600s . 
  all ruling over a population who mostly spoke irish and were catholic . 
  i do n't agree that ireland was a simple ` colony ' and that we were never active in the british colonial project ( ` we ' definitely were ) , but i do n't think it 's right to say ireland was a kingdom with agency just like england . 
  ireland * was * a kingdom , whose parliament was routinely overruled by that of england , and whose catholic subjects ( ie . 
  the vast majority ) were disadvantaged legally and economically and ruled by an elite comprised mostly of people of a different faith , language , and country . 
  that 's debateable , i 'd usually agree that ireland was n't a * true * colony since it had its own parliament in which * some * gaelic irish gentry sat in at various points . 
  even then , the catholic , ` old english ' gentry who came to be representative of ireland 's catholic aristocracy were themselves descendants of medieval ` colonists ' who came to be at odds with the motherland 's anglican reformation . 
  however , would the transplantation of settlers throughout the middle ages and then most forcibly in the early and mid-1600s not count for some level of colonisation ? 
  just because ireland was a kingdom does n't mean that there was n't an ethnic tinge to how its subjects were viewed . 
  a protestant , english-born , middle-class merchant arriving in ireland in the 1600s could expect to have far greater opportunities than an irish-born catholic from the same class . 
  ( i would definitely think comparing ireland and se asia , or africa , or with native americans is n't really all that appropriate though ), 
  not defending the ira here ( never thought i 'd ever have to say that ) but would n't that just incentivise deliberately arresting the wrong people ? 
  we got pancakes instead . 
  i 'm not sure that was a fair trade . 
  manx is closely related to scots gaelic and irish , so the sound and structure of the languages are all very similar . 
  * however * , manx gets its orthography through contact with english - and welsh-speakers , while scots gaelic and irish developed their own , which are still very similar . 
  this means that manx will render sounds in a completely different way than scots gaelic and irish do . 
  this makes it look ridiculous to people familiar with the other two gaelic languages . 
  it 's a bit like if there were a community of german speakers who decided to use polish orthography to render german . 
  eg , * ` kingdom ' in the gaelic languages : * irish : r\u00edocht scots gaelic : r\u00ecoghachd manx : reeriaght * or , ` name ' : * irish and sg : ainm manx : ennym * ground : * irish and sg : talamh manx : thalloo, 
  it 's not that bad , the seafood is fantastic if you live anywhere near the coast . 
  plus there 's plenty of good cheese and meat available . 
  the real problem is a lack of imagination . 
  what good are some of the best mussels and prawns to you if you wo n't touch shellfish ( i never understood this hangup which seems really common in ireland ) those who could afford to import did and they imported from the mediterranean . 
  i mean , for comparison , up until the last century the vast majority of paris 's inhabitants would be lucky to eat dried , salted cod ( usually imported from newfoundland ) so it 's not like good food has always been available to every frenchman day to day . 
  it 's a pity that there 's nearly nothing left of [ early modern irish fortifications ] ( http://www.galway.net/galwayguide/history/hardiman/oldmap.gif ) well , except for [ charles fort overlooking kinsale harbour ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/9f/98/7e/9f987e30b6bb443118ecee1016b0af76.jpg ) ( its nearby grandaddy , [ james fort , is in ruins ] ( http://www.starforts.com/gr/james.jpg ) ), 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/muircath the ` cath ' element , meaning ` battle ' , is a common enough part of irish names meaning various shades of ` warrior ' . 
  see * cathal * for example . 
  murphy can either come through * mac murchaidh/murchadha * or * \u00d3 murchadha * and there were plenty of people taking that name partilineally , not just by tribal association . 
  there 's not a separate category for ` this person was head of my * fine * or * tuath * ' but it 's still valid to say it 's a patronym . 
  it 's the most common name in ireland , 697 births registered with the name murphy in 2011 . 
  kelly comes second with less than 600 , and then ryan . 
  i 'm fairly sure they 're mostly confined to munster and the south-east , though . 
   murphy is not a job well , it * was * an occupation of sorts . 
  seasonal , maybe , but definitely something you spent your time doing . 
   they keep telling white people that they 're just inherently better than black people due to being born white i 've never heard that . 
  are you sure you do n't mean ` they keep telling white people that they 're born into a society which advantages them over others ' ? 
  that 's what i 'm used to hearing and it 's nothing like being told you 're ` inherently better ' . 
   hence , obviously there is a lot to do with ** islamic fundamentalism ** and not just said social conditions that are n't unique to muslim migrants you ca n't simply remove the social and material conditions either and pretend that continuing to treat all muslims as potential suspects will do anything but become a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  because radicalisation requires something for you to be radicalised into , obviously . 
  it 's not enough to meet the material conditions if there is n't an ideological imperative to go out and become a terrorist . 
  there are 40 million poles and most of them live in poland ; what are they going to do , bomb their own country , bomb other poles ? 
  you 're not comparing like with like . 
  if you look at the ira and irish republicanism , they did turn to terrorism that because there was an ideological drive to use violence to further political aims . 
  plenty of irish people were radicalised into * that * . 
  there is no ideological conflict i 'm aware of which would likely drive poles to terrorism . 
  ( white nationalism would seem to be the closest but i 'm not informed enough to say why white nationalists do and do n't turn to violence ) ( ( edit : also , i feel it 's probably necessary to distinguish between islam and islamic fundamentalism since i 'm concerned some people see them as exactly the same ) ), 
   i was told these were the only reasons for terrorism that 's a ridiculous misrepresentation and you know it . 
  these are the reasons for people becoming radicalised but not the reasons for the ideology which they are induced into itself . 
  speaking of , though , the very small far-right in ireland seems to have a lot of polish followers , it 's very strange . 
  they have n't committed any terrorist acts ( and i do n't expect them to ) but it 'd be interesting to compare the reasons for them being active in ireland . 
  it * was * haughey , i do n't think that man ever believed in doing something for nothing . 
   we were president during east germany 's entry and your reunification this is almost certainly the exact point that was made and it 's exactly * why * ireland supported german reunification within the eec . 
  there are no ifs or buts about it : ireland ensured - against the wishes of france and the uk - that german unification would proceed so that the favour could be returned . 
   `` that was an immensely important step , largely promoted by our irish friends . 
  it was a real milestone in the unification process , '' said mr westerwelle . 
  he then added , in english : `` thank you very much for what your country did for german unification . 
  it was very important in our history and we will not forget it . '' http://www.irishtimes.com/news/germany-will-never-forget-ireland-s-help-1.658399, 
  [ now you 're speaking my language ] ( https://i.redd.it/pmblz6scdqty.png ), 
  they are if you spend enough time playing them :p, 
   a king/queen has to be somehwat good otherwise they get thrown into the annals of history for achieving nothing of note and watching their empire crumble to dust i really doubt the security of the netherlands relies on william here being a great and powerful feudal lord . 
  life is n't a paradox game . 
   if i 'm a friend of a m\u00e9lenchon supporter that does n't make me one bit of a pity that . 
  not this again . 
  byrd left the kkk before entering politics in the '50s and publicly recanted his past views several times . 
  the le pens have only ever confirmed that their views remain the same . 
   so they got it wrong ? 
  they predicted that hillary was more likely to win .
