  to be fair to the british authorities they did respond very quickly . 
  the only flaw with their plan was that they used highly inexperienced troops ( there 's the case of the sherwood foresters charging straight into a sniper fire while their officers * allegedly * waved swords around ) . 
   aside from that you 've the dublin bombing in 1978 which we all know featured british collusion with unionist paramilitaries . 
  dublin-monaghan bombings were in 1974 . 
   airteagal 4 , \u00c9ire is ainm don st\u00e1t n\u00f3 , sa sacs-bh\u00e9arla , * ireland * i know , eire was used as the name of the state during wwii , but not for a long time since . 
  to keep using it is a deliberate anachronism and contrary to best usage . 
  in irish . 
  you 're the same lad who thinks that [ it 's perfectly acceptable to call ireland the ` irish free state ' because a bunch of ulster loyalists do ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/1vnran/geographic_distribution_of_the_gaelic_languages/cevbi7q ) and that [ the famine was the best thing to happen to ireland ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/1vu6xt/what_has_been_the_single_greatest_day_in_irish/cevzb9q ) . 
  charming . 
  i do n't think i 'll bother much with you . 
  they did hang sir roger casement as a traitor and a spy , his misfortune to be a former british government official caught stepping off a u-boat . 
  oh , i do n't doubt it . 
  part of it is a dispute between the uk and ireland on what the name of the irish state actually is , since a lot of people in northern ireland are understandably concerned about outsiders assuming a state named ireland to be the government for the whole island . 
  * \u00c9ire * is the * irish * word for ireland , but it is ** never ** used in english by irish people . 
  it 's taken a pejorative because it can come across as wilful ignorance . 
  the name of the state in english is ireland , not \u00c9ire . 
  i 'm almost sure that this is a picture from an earlier date . 
  i could well be wrong , but i do know that liberty hall ( the area pictured ) was used by irish citizen army snipers engaging in a duel with british army snipers over at amiens street station ( now connolly station ) . 
  it 's not somewhere you 'd think to find a early 20th century photographer lugging their equipment around , though war photographers are n't known for their sense of self-preservation . 
  edit : from searching online , it is probably posed . 
  someone noticed that the rifle breeches are wide open . 
  they 're not likely firing at anyone without any ammunition . 
  yep , \u00d3glaigh na h\u00c9ireann is still used , as is fianna f\u00e1il ( the cap badges all have ` ff ' on them ) . 
   they are n't going to divert desperately needed resources away from the western front if they can help it they sort of did . 
  troops bound for france were rerouted to kingstown ( now d\u00fan laoghaire ) harbour whereupon they promptly tried to chat up the bemused irish women with broken french . 
   eire with all due respect , it is n't considered acceptable to refer to either ireland the island or ireland the republic in this way in english . 
  it can be taken as a pejorative though you do n't appear to have been using it that way . 
   \u0449\u0438 from what i can tell from the ipa it 's somewhere between * s\u00ed * and * t\u00ed * in irish , but not very close to either . 
   janukovi\u010ds is that how you spell mac an tsean\u00f3igibheach in latvian ? 
   comedy extremely black comedy at that . 
  also , * garage * : the story of a socially isolated man with learning difficulties living in a rural irish village and trying to cope with change . 
  here 's hoping calvary is nearly as good as the guard . 
   southern europeans i 'm sure everything looks southern from trondheim or oslo , but connacht is * far * from southern . 
  i think it 's 9 degrees above * average * , so it could still well be nearly inhospitable for us soft europeans . 
  ca n't you spoil your ballot ? 
  that 's the traditional way of doing it , asides from abstaining ( which is generally taken as apathy rather than dissent ) . 
  the bronze-y green colour says ` celtes ' , it 's on the legend between greeks and iranians . 
  but that 's even more nonsensical . 
  languages do not exist outside of people , how can a language have any geographicity of its own ? 
  well , yeah . 
  i think you need to realise that languages ca n't be set in stone . 
  all this talk of ` native ' languages is a bit irrelevant when english is the language plenty of irish people will speak from cradle to grave ; in their own fashion . 
  i quite like irish , i speak a fair bit of it , but it 's nonsense to claim that english is any less a part of who the irish are because it was n't spoken here a millennium ago . 
   you can not define english but we define hiberno-english , the english spoken in ireland which is generally heavily affected in terms of vocabulary and syntax by irish . 
  no other nationality speaks english quite the way we do . 
  nationalism is very good at erasing these people from history . 
  i know my old history teacher 's grandfather had been an ric officer , who decided to take an early retirement rather than be reassigned to tipperary during the war of independence ; a wise career move considering how effective the tipperary ira was in eliminating ric resistance . 
   the british reaction to the easter rising ( harsh executions , military occupation of dublin ) not to mention the internment without trial of thousands of people on completely spurious grounds . 
  days after the rising , the british army scoured the countryside and rounded up people whose only crime was to either have been a member of the irish volunteers or to have known a member . 
  not to mention ` rebellious scots to crush ' . 
  * our camp fires now are burning low / out yonder waits the saxon foe *, 
  i love this image beyond words . 
  by the standards of irish music , it 's fairly balanced . 
  at least this one is n't about going to off to seek vengeance like * \u00d3r\u00f3 s\u00e9 do bheatha bhaile * , * the wind that shakes the barley * , * the soldier 's song/amhr \u00e1n na bhfiann * , or * the rising of the moon * . 
  it seems like the only traditional ballads to survive are the ones about killing the english . 
  anyway , for something written in the '70s , it 's a miracle it is n't more anti-british . 
  it 's hard to say , exactly . 
  for a start it 's somewhat outside of my expertise and secondly a lot of the allegations levied against the church in ireland a wrapped up in so much plantagenet propaganda as to make it hard to tell what was true or false . 
  certainly , some bishoprics had become the hereditary property of kings and clerical celibacy was n't properly adhered to , but henry 's claim is a pretty extensive manifesto i 'm not totally familiar with . 
   exactly this . 
  we have always had an island mentality that distinguishes us from the continent . 
  it 's apparent throughout history , especially in matters of religion . 
  after all christianity was the great unifier of europe for centuries . 
  from the earliest days our ` insular ' church was part of but not identical to the religious practices of the continent all of this applies to ireland , too . 
  hell , part of the justification henry ii used in claiming ireland was that the irish were in danger of heresy because of their lack of consistent communion with rome . 
  a friend of mine became a cancer researcher . 
  he had to go to switzerland because there just is n't the funding here in ireland . 
  so much for a degree worth a shit , eh ? 
   strangely the irish are keen on it , but brits not so much . 
  it 's quite bizarre , because the uk erasmus students i met were all language students , whereas most of the irish erasmus students * were n't * language students ; many were in history , politics , sociology , even maths . 
   older generation and rural dwellers honestly , it seems to me that this is the demographic which would be least positive towards the eu . 
  i 'm convinced that the more hostile an irish person would be towards the uk , they would also likely be more hostile to the eu . 
  take sinn f\u00e9in , for example , they 're far more critical of the eu and the uk than any other mainstream irish political party , and tend towards a relatively more protectionist , somewhat economically isolationist position wrapped in socialist rhetoric . 
  within that party there 's a gulf between an older , more rural generation sceptical of non-irish forces and a younger , more thoroughly socialist and anti-imperialist demographic sceptical of the liberalising influence of the common market and ireland 's trade dependency on the uk and eu . 
  to outsiders , at least to myself , the midlands largely feel like an extension of london 's suburbs . 
  it 's a shame , but it 's hard to find a point at which london definitely stops if you discount the m25 . 
  the ` everyone but london ' club . 
   there has n't been much movement in the other direction though . 
  there might just be a fairly noticeable economic reason for this . 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  to go to a greater extreme , i 've generally found scotland to feel a lot more like ireland . 
  a friend of mine worked in a bar in the midlands , he used very colourful phrases to describe the young tories who would turn up in full hunting regalia , order some prosecco and never drink it . 
  they are , you take them out with your spoon ( unless it 's a pot of tea ) . 
  you 're a rebel and a half , mate , or you 're from the irish countryside where they serve tea with their milk . 
  oh , i know . 
  part of my ba was to learn the british side of history , so i 'm never popular around shinners keen to ` prove ' the famine was the worst genocide of all time . 
  the whole ` the irish can never forget their history and the british can never remember ' does seem to hold true . 
  with good reason . 
  lyon 's comes a close second , and then there 's always bewley 's . 
   this may sound strange to some , but for me , england . 
  i thought since english is the common language between our countries , that really we would n't be that different . 
  turns out we are . 
  same here . 
  middle england especially was quite strange . 
  it was like looking into a mirror and seeing someone staring back at you who was n't you , but looked a lot like you . 
  hearing people express unqualifed high regard for thatcher was one oddity , along with lads in their mid-20s wearing college ties and lapel pins . 
  one woman also tried to defend cromwell and the black and tans to me , which was an exceptionally hilarious conversation . 
  i 'm definitely no dissident republican , and it has n't tainted my deep love for the uk , but there is a major gulf between us politically which brits often seem particularly happy to jump blindly into . 
  not quite , the other cities of ireland also have a country vs city thing , but still get labelled ` culchies ' or ` boggers ' by dubs . 
  i drink coffee for the taste ...
