   and if the quality of life in ireland is so great it 's a measure from [ 2005 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quality-of-life_index ) : you need n't be so confrontational about it . 
   i do n't think they 're as big as each nation tends to make out though . 
  beyond politics and accent we 're all really similar . 
  you could say that about nearly anywhere in europe . 
  nations are generally quite relative things by their very nature , seeing as how they 're defined often as not being something else . 
  the irish are n't british , the scots are n't english , the bretons are n't french , the catalans are n't spanish , and on and on it goes . 
  it does n't cheapen them , it 's just how they 're imagined . 
  as someone from the republic , i can certainly vouch for that . 
  northerners can sometimes seem more alien than someone from essex or swansea . 
  that would be nice , but i would n't expect it to be reciprocated . 
  not as nice sounding , also a politically loaded term , but one i can get behind . 
  ( it also works quite handily in irish , which is admittedly only a bonus for some of us ), 
  i did say ` any british cultural group ' ( i had originally meant to say ` english ' but felt it applied more or less equally to the welsh and scots and did n't want anyone thinking i ca n't tell england and britain and the uk apart ) . 
  being a sociologist and someone who has lived in the uk , i 'm very well of the differences . 
  that documentary has it spot on . 
  about the fleg , i 'd say it has more to do with the fact that such a large chunk of the northern irish population would see the union flag as being a foreign symbol . 
  any threat no matter how insignificant or imaginary can ever be ignored for loyalists . 
  a useful anthropological exercise is just to browse through facebook groups like ` proud to be a protestant banter ' , it 's a bizarre and ( hopefully ) exaggerated glimpse of unionist political culture . 
  the phrase ` his/her only crime is loyalty ' crops up an awful lot . 
  that 's it roughly , i would say that ni 's far more complex than either case . 
  i do n't see why , knowing that gibraltarians and falklanders identify as british without living in britain proper , that you would imply that unionists are blind to their own situation . 
  they 're actually hugely sensitive to it , it 's this reverse which has exacerbated much of the northern irish conflict . 
  the cultural gulf between irish and any british cultural group is n't very wide at all , but you 'd be very much in a minority to pretend that it is n't politically significant . 
  normally they give preferences , ask them to list how they self-identify , and then force an either-or question : ` do identify as more x or y ? 
  ' , with consideration to how strongly this distinction is made . 
  ( i 'm going off of how the british social attitudes survey and scottish social attitudes survey ask these questions ), 
  [ unless you 're irish , in which case you probably have a very different view ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ) . 
  geography 's not neutral or apolitical . 
  personally , i find british isles a somewhat useful term , but one which all too often creates confusion ; i would n't exactly miss it if it were finally retired . 
  for one , i really do n't enjoy being called british because of a disputed geographic technicality , as does happen . 
  edit : apology accepted and welcomed , i 'm never sure who 's aware or not of the dispute . 
  it 's stupidly silly and highly important at the same time . 
  ian paisley calls himself irish but culturally british . 
  they * know * that northern ireland is indeed not part of great britain , that 's not the point at all . 
  unlike coca-cola , the eu plays a major role in governing 500 million people living in some of the most developed economies in the world . 
  nice of the daily mail to make such a misleading and pointless comparison . 
  little bit from column a , little bit from column b. ian paisley , the arch-unionist , calls himself irish but fought tooth-and-nail to stay british . 
  unionists often see themselves as culturally and politically british , but geographically irish . 
  nationalists however tend to be more straight-forward , but quite pragmatic on the details of when and if they want unification with ireland . 
  i 'd have said maroon . 
  red-brown , chestnutty colour , [ as seen worn by galway gaa teams ] ( http://www.gaa.ie/content/images/news/galway/kavanagh_shane_vclare2011.jpg ) . 
  tesco value detached house country of origin : monaghan * ** no , i really did see this bit on a box of mushrooms in a london tesco express once . 
  eh ... [ it might be ] ( http://galwayplanningblog.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/1052_mz_68stuckintro.jpg ) ? 
  you have a housing shortage , we have a housing surplus . 
  care to import ? 
  i see you 're familiar with an irish tuesday . 
  ( i say that and yet it 's blistering sunny here in galway ), 
  if you were going to compare dublin accents to anything , scouse seems the obvious answer . 
  i get your point , though . 
  we have a folk memory of anti-irish propaganda [ like this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/6wqg5#0 ) , i 'd say that does skew our view of things . 
   do irish people get insulted if americans talk with irish accents ? 
  not that , but we get insulted if americans talk with what they * think * are irish accents . 
  i 've often been asked if i 'm * scottish * or even * english * by americans since my accent is n't apparently what they expect of irish people . 
  thankfully there are plenty of americans who know better . 
  i would say , however , that the irish have long been in a far more precarious position than the dutch . 
  we 're generally more than a bit sensitive to jokes made at our expense . 
   friends who suddenly develop accents when they talk about being irish oh god . 
  i know the type well . 
  it is something of a shame that the pride americans take in their ancestry so often comes across as highly insulting . 
  my natural response would be something like the pater noster , just because there 's a version in every european language , and it lends itself well to lexical comparison . 
  we have some sounds in common , as i 've discovered from my jordanian friend . 
  i do remember meeting a croatian who spoke fluent irish and had never set foot in ireland , that was impressive . 
  i already referenced barroso , he was asked about romano prodi 's view , that separatist states would have to reapply , and if the lisbon treaty changed this . 
  he simply stated that the lisbon treaty did not make any provisions . 
  barroso himself has always refused to give personal comments on the matter or about any separtist cases . 
  that creates an odd problem for the uk , though , since scottish independence ought to mean a repeal of the 1707 act of union . 
   a fragment of a third you 're being too generous to the former kingdom of ireland , i do n't believe a single monarch asides from james ii and william iii ever set foot within this realm , and even then they only did because they were at war with each other . 
   newly independent countries would have to reapply for eu membership , scotland would also have to opt-in to the commonwealth , if they would wish to do so . 
  these questions have been raised and answered to on the international level already . 
  that has not been confirmed . 
  there is no precedent for separatist states within the eu - which barroso confirmed when he stated that the lisbon treaty did not provide for it . 
  it 's yet to be seen whether or not an independent scotland or catalonia could claim to be a successor to the treaties negotiated by the uk or spain . 
  i know of no reason why they * could n't * - they already meet all the criteria for membership . 
  i 've heard that said too , but no one who says it ever has any alternate explanation of how the orange got onto the flag . 
  orange has only ever symbolised one community in ireland . 
  when i see your username , i immediately think , ` jesus ; does n't this guy have anything better to do ? ', 
  except that they have members of pussy riot playing themselves . 
  a lot of that is people confusing scots with scots/scottish english . 
  it 's like people mixing up irish and hiberno/irish english ( which does happen a lot ) . 
   er , those murals are almost all still there mural are quite often painted over or even replaced with new murals . 
  funds are made available to neighbourhoods looking to replace their uda/inla gunmen with murals that reflect the * other * histories of the area . 
  there 's a great few down off sandy row on the former industries of the area and local sportspeople . 
  i 've asked this question every single time it gets posted , it 's a bizarre oversight . 
   curim that explains that o'hara 's wheat beer , so . 
  * leann * is acceptable in irish too , and is part of the names of various kinds of beer , eg . 
  ` stout ' = * leann dubh * ( black beer ) . 
  the northern irish situation is definitely an anomaly alright , where you have a region that has three separate identities . 
  while you 'd be hard pressed to find someone who feels both strongly irish and british , you 'd very easily find someone who considers themselves both irish and northern irish , or british and northern irish , or even just northern irish . 
  it 's a relatively neutral identity , where british and irish tend not to be . 
   interesting that `` irish '' is part of a separate ethnic category rather then a national identity option , separate from `` northern irish '' and british ( and the others ) as well . 
  bit of a weird one not really . 
  ireland is its own country with a substantial emigrant population in the uk plus inhabitants of northern ireland who do n't identify as british ( and may hold irish citizenship ) but who are n't emigrants . 
  it 's both an ethnic and national identity , but ireland is n't part of the uk so it 's not the same as asking if someone is welsh or scottish . 
  that 's exactly what the map indicates . 
  the only thing it has wrong re : irish is that it should be 'd \u00e9 sathairn ' . 
  it was n't actually sold in ireland as far as i 'm aware * ( or even produced here ) , but [ francis bacon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francis_bacon_%28artist%29 ) is pretty famous . 
  * nope , the high price came when it was sold in new york . 
  northern ireland has very different governing requirements from wales , which has a very different political culture from scotland , which is opposed to the influence of southern england , which has been alleged to unfairly extract the human resources of nothern england , etc. 
  there 's an argument there for a regionalised upper house . 
  nonsense , no irish person arrives first for anything ; if anything ireland came in for a full breakfast with the uk ( we have to share some culture ) and just still happens to be there .
