  it 's annoying that none of the outlets covering this have offered any more quotation beyond things like ` salmond admires `` certain aspects '' of putin 's leadership ' . 
  most of these articles are just snippets of various people ( mostly conservatives ) being offended by something that none of us have read yet . 
  i do love this bit from the huffpost , though : ` scottish conservatives msp jackson carlaw said : `` putin is keen on suppressing the media and political opposition , so it 's no wonder alex salmond admires him '' . ', 
  tell us what you really think , why do n't you ? 
  still missing my point that for a country whose history has been so closely entwined with that of their own for so long , ireland 's history is largely unknown even to british people with a solid education . 
  soft john ? 
  that 's depressing enough to be plausible . 
  yes , but with northern ireland and the troubles being a fairly recent event within living memory for the majority and taking place partly on the soil of mainland britain itself , you 'd think there would be a great deal more awareness than there is . 
  you ca n't say india and the uk have the same kind of history . 
  let 's take ireland , for example . 
  many people in the uk were unhappy that ireland refered to itself as such , believing that the name entailed a claim to northern ireland . 
  as part of the good friday agreement , ireland held a referendum and formally removed all claims to northern ireland from its constitution . 
  in return , the uk recognised ireland as the name of the state . 
  that 's how you deal with these situations . 
  instead , macedonia has laid claim to greek macedonia , to its history , its territory , and its people . 
  it 's funny you say that because in explaining irish nationalism to brits i also had to explain to them much of ireland 's medieval and early modern history , spanning many centuries . 
  if anything , one of the greatest problem with the british history curriculum in this regard is that it completely misses out on the immense relevance of ireland to the history of britain . 
  it can and does . 
  greece refuses to recognise that because they believe it poses a threat to their heritage . 
  the responses from the macedonian side have n't exactly been conciliatory . 
  that 's not really the point , though , it answers the original question of what else could macedonia call itself . 
  that kind of reinforces his point about about how stupidly childish it is . 
  there are still a fair few bhoys up north who feel that it still embodies a claim . 
  if it 'd offend a few dubliners , i 'd be all up for calling it britain 's toilet . 
   i think britain still sort of celebrates it 's past good or bad with little regret not even quite that , but it can just lack nuance or be slightly ignorant that there is something genuinely problematic . 
  i lived in london for a while and did have to explain a few times * why * irish independence happened . 
  nowadays it does seem that a brit in ireland is far more likely to get a hard time than a paddy in the uk , but while the problem on the british side of things is far , far more benign it is very pervasive : a lack of self-awareness ( of which irish people probably have far too much ) . 
   how much of original irish , scottish or welsh culture has survived ? 
  they changed , as you know . 
  that 's not the point though , these cultures have changed , but americans can give the appearance of associating the modern peoples with what their cultures * were * rather than * are * , which can cause offence . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vardar_banovina vardaria or vardar republic , or something along those lines . 
   ethnically more celtic than angle ethnically ? 
  genetically most brits are most closely related to the spanish and irish , if that 's what you mean . 
  ` celtic ' is n't an ethnicity . 
  the reason northern ireland is called such is because ireland was partitioned into ` northern ireland ' and ` southern ireland ' . 
  southern ireland became the basis for the irish free state after a civil war and eventually just ireland , while northern ireland remained as it was . 
  ` republic of ireland ' is the state 's * description * , though ; its * name * is ` ireland ' . 
  this is a source of major contention , since the british government and media have traditionally refused ( until recently ) to use the official name but instead used the description for the precise reason that it was seen as laying claim to the north , and many people mistakenly do so even today . 
  edit : another relevant controversy is the ongoing dispute over the term ` british isles ' . 
  which scottish ? 
  english with a scottish accent , scots ( eg lallans ) , or scots gaelic ? 
  ambivalent is n't quite the right word , more apathetic . 
  the eu is built off two competing streams of high-minded political idealism and pragmatic , bureaucratic compromise ; most people are n't really into either . 
   the end result of that will be a dramatic reduction in wages and worker 's rights , and that will result in a lower standard of living , which will increase unhappiness . 
  now , if the uk had a party that would be willing to fight to maintain the standard of living of pressed workers then this would n't be a problem . 
  instead , you have a cohort of groups competing to be more simultaneously xenophobic and hostile towards the idea of benefits than each other . 
  it 's easy to blame migrants rather than address the institutional and economic inequalties that already exist and are continuously reinforced everytime you have someone watch a shit tv show like benefits street . 
  before it was eastern europeans , it was the irish , before them it was carribean migrants , and before that jews from central europe , and so on . 
  migration to the uk is nothing new at all . 
  instead of blaming the people willing to work for less , why not look at the exploitative firms that attempt to pay less than the minimum and the political parties , such as ukip , which keep distracting attention from the real issue to feed off populism ? 
  well , maybe merkel is looking to write her memoirs and needs the nsa to fill in some blanks . 
   you want to change the constitution , well , win the elections and wait that the chambers pass it . 
  meanwhile it is unconstitutional , so it ca n't be allowed . 
  what you 're proposing is straight-up a tyranny of the majority , basically catalonia will never be able to make the right to self-determination constitutional . 
  your argument is that the majority should rule absolutely , which is what constitutions are supposed to * protect against * , not enshrine . 
  i can , actually . 
  constitutions are not always right . 
  if the constitution denied you your free speech would you be ok with that ? 
  what you 're saying that it 's ok to deny the right to self-determination and hold a cognitive dissonance in equating this denial with protecting free speech . 
  why is one right great and the other anathema ? 
  in what way is limiting people 's speech the same as self-expression of national identity ? 
  i 'm not arguing for tyranny of the majority : quite the opposite in fact . 
  also , in your example , surely the referendum is altering the constitution . 
   there are no facts regarding national identity it is a completely fluent concept . 
  most often national identity is defined by self identification which can and does change quite fast . 
  this makes it completely useless as a metric for creating countries . 
  all political ideas are fluid , does that make any of them less useful ? 
  this wave of nationalism has a lot to do with the spread of identity politics within the last few decades , particularly notions about decentralisation and regional autonomy as well as cutural revival , and it is something which bridges the divide between right and left in a few european regions . 
  obviously it 's popular enough in catalonia that they 're willing to redefine their politie around and i do n't see any reason why they should n't or how it is any way illegitimate when several hundred thousand of them feel that it is legitimate and right . 
   it allowed the independence of ireland after a bitter war of independence , an act of parliament acquiesced to irish independence under very specific conditions . 
  not quite the same as having a constitutional path to secession . 
  the 1949 declaration of ireland as a republic was entirely unilateral , with the uk agreeing to ( mostly ) recognise it after the fact . 
   it is a historical construct without any relevance yes , it 's a historical construct , but it 's obviously relevant if nation states still exist , catalonians are pushing for their independence , and we 've had numerous threads on this very manifestation alone . 
  the era of nationalism might seem antiquated , but national identity is still a prime political motivator , people are just as keen as ever to reproduce it . 
  to say that it 's lacking relevance is to be fundamentally unaware of what goes on around you , and you know it . 
   our decisions should be based on facts and ideas that 's wonderful , but as evident from our discussion alone , two people can take very different stances on the same facts and ideas . 
  i 'm fairly sure modern nationalists are just as insistent on facts and ideas , too . 
   silly reason this is exactly why its become so popular . 
  you ca n't go around telling people their national identity is ` silly ' without them eventually taking offense . 
  you do n't seem to grasp that spain 's continual refusal to accept that this is happening has only made it more and more popular among catalonians . 
  they do n't exactly appreciate being told that their concerns do n't matter and that the rest of spain refuses to acknowledge them . 
   my best guess is that spain would just say `` lol no '' and that day will continue as normal . 
  ensuring catalonian independence . 
  10/10 , great political response . 
   well then you are openly acting outside the law of the recognised country you are part of . 
  that normally ends up with the law enforcement enforcing the law . 
  in all but the most special cases your new backyard country wo n't be recognised and your separatism would end . 
  again , obviously a separatist country does n't care a jot about the laws of the other country since it does n't recognise their authority . 
  i find it very hard to imagine that an independent catalonia would have difficulty achieving a deal of recognition , even if entry into the eu would be considerably harder . 
   the self-determination clause have not so far been seen as a blanket separatism rule and as everyone 's that matters interest is keeping it that way it wo n't change . 
  so , separatist countries do n't matter . 
  little wonder catalonians are more inclined towards independence these days . 
   the only way to separate is with the former country consent often done with force since people are all too willing to trot out the ol' constitutionality guff . 
   give a example on a country where separatism is constitutional . 
  you really are n't getting my point . 
  i 'm saying that rendering self-determination * unconstitutional * is utterly futile since any act of national self-determination entails a tacit rejection of the rule of the constitution anyway . 
  why should care that i 'm not supposed to be forming my own nation when my very act of forming the nation is itself a rejection of the law which says i should n't ? 
  what makes the rule of one nation over another any more valid from the view of that smaller nation ? 
   you ca n't pick and chose next time it is a part of a constitution you like that politicians chose to ignore . 
  constitutions are malleable documents , and definitely not ultimate arbiters .
