yeah it dates back to the 1700s ? 
  goes back further than that . 
  there were comparisons between the gaelic irish and native americans in the 1500s and 1600s , arguing that they were inherently unproductive and wild , and that the english could justify settling their land as they were n't really using it properly . 
  i 'm sure i 've seen that photo refrenced elsewhere as wrenboys out on stephen 's day . 
  speaking of , i 'd be shocked if they had n't gotten inspiration for the wicker man from [ straw boys ] ( http://www.museumsyndicate.com/images/4/38078.jpg ) . 
  i think he 's more on about how they 're criminalised and viewed as moral equivalents in russia rather than saying they * are * equivalents . 
  you need to be resident in the eu for three years of the previous five , though , not just a european citizen . 
  i sort of agree with your point , but you could have picked a better analogy . 
  russian machinations in ukraine were [ well known in 2004 and before ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orange_revolution ) . 
  russia was a credible threat then and everyone in the region knew it . 
  besides , i do n't see how diffidence is a laudable foreign policy . 
  if we 're supposed to go around suspecting people of wanting to invade us and building up our arms we would n't get anything done for the actual people living in the country . 
  but , alas , apparently not wanting to have tanks and aircraft carriers coming out your ears is ` negligent ' . 
  again , al-qaeda did not spring from the mists . 
  there 's a goddamn reason they hate the west and it has a lot to do with the way in which western powers - specifically the us and the uk - treated the region as theirs to do with what they would . 
  i do n't exactly recall the uk making many friends in the middle east with their activities in iran and iraq . 
  the usa did n't do much to mend things either . 
  radical islam did n't come out of thin air and it 's ridiculous to blame us for not wanting to have to go in all guns blazing to help you out with * your * mistakes . 
  we have a tradition of peacekeeping , and that 's what we 'd rather carry on . 
  we 'd rather protect civilians , not shell the fuck out of them and call it progress . 
  protecting us against who ? 
  the enemies that the us and the uk have made over the past century ? 
  i 'll grant you that we were shielded against the nazis and the ussr , but in neither case did we really have a hope in hell even if we 'd had a large standing army . 
   but willful negligence is not the same thing pray tell what threat ireland faces that requires us to have a large standing army ? 
  we 're a nation of 4.5 m people , any large country that wanted to take us over would do so in a month : with or without a larger army . 
  hence why our defence forces train and equip for guerilla resistance and peacekeeping . 
  unionists keep insisting on signposts , only to be surprised when * everyone * else hates the idea . 
  the km/h and mph signs are pretty much the only indication of a border on most roads , even in spots that used to have extensive military checkpoints . 
  the dark shadows remind me of that scene from the lion king :  that , son , is ... the `` republic '' . 
  you must never go there !, 
  sure , hi , ` tis only full o ' taigs anyway . 
  or something to that effect . 
   nobody gets butthurt over cromwell well ... it 's still quite a controversial subject here , in ireland . 
  especially as cromwell apologetics [ still get published ] ( http://www.amazon.com/cromwell-honourable-enemy-tom-reilly/dp/0863223907 ) and cited as reputable historical works . 
  well , it is a * verified * twitter account that has always been refered to by irish media as representing the embassy . 
  the name is just ireland , but ` republic of ireland ' is an acceptable description . 
  edit : further to that ,  a montage incorporating the sign was posted by the israeli embassy in ireland ( @israelinireland ) twitter account http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/staff-at-dublin-toy-shop-told-to-remove-israel-boycott-sign-1.1887155, 
  no , unfortunately , that is actually the real deal . 
  the ambassador and his wife are mental . 
  and that would n't rule out the tweet being real or fake then based on fonts . 
  ah well , you still make a good case . 
  i 'm using chrome 37 and firefox 32 on win 7 , the ` e ' and ` c ' look much more open , the ` a ' has a shorter tail in chrome though it looks the same in firefox . 
  really , both look a lot more to me like twitter 's older helvetica neue than gotham narrow , though the original tweet has the gotham ` g ' . 
  [ for comparison 's sake ] ( http://www.commongeek.tv/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/fonts.jpg ) not disputing you , it could well be the vagaries of browser resolution . 
  a nice demonstration ( and you 're making a good point ) , but the font is wrong . 
  edit : and the font looks wrong on the tweet in question too , neither of them look like gotham . 
  they 're claiming it came from a fake account which is a completely bizarre statement . 
  looking at it again , they 're not saying the tweet was fake , they 're claiming it was sent from a * fake account * !, 
   since it turns out the op 's tweet was a fake according to the same people who say they 've threatened legal action against boards.ie ( who themselves say they have n't received any communication ) and have a track record for this ? 
  edit : yes , it could well be photoshopped , but israelinireland are n't exactly the most credible or competent bunch . 
  ok , so you are trolling . 
  i am irish , btw , though i 'm fairly sure that you knew that . 
   it was the british that occupied their cities please be trolling , because that is the most horrendously simplistic view of the troubles that i 've come across in a long time . 
  the ira * being an enemy of the irish defence forces , the legitimate military arm of the irish government . 
  * assuming you 're refering to the provisional ira and/or dissident republicans , which i think you are . 
  i think you meant to post this in / r/murica, 
  that 's nice and all but completely irrelevant to a discussion on the israel-palestine conflict . 
  we 've had some of their embassy staff expelled before and summoned their ambassador , after mossad used irish passports for their thugs a few years back . 
  no one said israel was a threat to ireland . 
  that 's not what we 're talking about at all . 
  we 're talking about ireland 's peacekeeping record in the middle east , not our lack of interest in military adventures . 
  well , the original ira split into two factions , one which became the basis for the first free state government during the civil war , but the continuity with the various iras since is sort of shaky . 
  when those opinions debase long running ethnic-religious conflicts into black and white ` but they have * terrorists * on their side ! ', 
  without much nuance , i would n't be much bothered myself . 
   but how in the name of god does connacht ( freakin ' connacht ) have a flair and ulster does n't ? 
  because we 're great , and that 's that . 
  look inside yourself and you 'll know it 's true . 
  seriously though , i 'm as shocked as you . 
  maybe the mods could n't handle the fleg banter and got confused as to which flag to use . 
  yeah , i completely agree . 
  hamas is not the be-all and end-all of the conflict and their really , really dodgy behaviour does not undo everything that has been done . 
  ah yeah , but most of the various iras were n't exactly your run-of-the-mill social clubs in ireland either . 
  we had internment , too , at various points and also prohibited the broadcast of sinn f\u00e9in politicians speaking on tv and radio , just as in the british media . 
  edit : section 31 of the baa ( 1960 )  any matter that could be calculated to promote the aims or activities of any organisation which engages in , promotes , encourages or advocates the attaining of any particular objectives by violent means, 
  i 'm actually unsure how that will go . 
  i mean , fg are relatively conservative but not exactly in the business of trying to curry favour with israel . 
  no irish party really has any fondness for israel after their hugely inept diplomacy these past few years , whereas sf and labour are both sizeable parties that are pro-palestinian to some greater or lesser extent . 
  edit : and the coalition did agree extra aid to gaza as already mentioned in the article so there is some inclination there , even if it may or may not be at labour 's behest . 
  yeah , but not all english speakers use the plural . 
  i agree with the op that ` euro ' for both singular and plural is the norm in ireland , except perhaps in very casual speech , and we 're the only english speakers using the currency . 
  i feel like ` euros ' is more informal , colloquial . 
  i mean , ` four euros for a pint ' sounds alright but ` tax revenues are down fifty million euros ' seems a bit off . 
  well , it does n't help that the general suspicion is that youth defence and iona are getting funding/support from organisations in the states . 
  christ , the original chant * is controversial enough at pro-palestinian demonstrations . 
  co-opting it for water charge protests is just asking for trouble . 
  ** ` from the river to the sea , palestine will be free ' *, 
  there 's always a moving statue somewhere in this country . 
  i would n't say they 're particularly representative , just that there seem to be more evangelicals there . 
  i think they must like the seclusion . 
  then again , mayo did give us [ fornication-gate ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/td-fornication-most-likely-cause-of-unwanted-pregnancies-422895-apr2012/ ) . 
  that would be far , far closer than you 'd think , not least because opposition to abortion does n't require you to be catholic . 
  there are plenty of atheist pro-lifers in this country . 
  i mean , i 'd say it could pass , but it 'd be the dirtiest , shittiest referendum going . 
  just for reference , there are a load of mormons up in donegal-leitrim , and weird outposts of evangelical protestants in rural mayo . 
  for a start , there 's a whole generation of adolescents who do n't remember the troubles and who ( especially in the case of impoverished protestant males ) are being failed by the education system . 
  that 's one reason ( since the borders tend to predominantly catholic it 's not exactly unexpected either ) , but also that some of those border crossings were heavily fortified not so long ago . 
  i got the impression that a lot of people who lived in border areas just wanted to minimise the existence of the border itself and escape that legacy . 
  the entire state was pretty much built in his shadow , even though he died a few months into its foundation . 
  by contrast , the [ border between ireland and the uk ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/@54.1139695,-6.3648855,3a,75y,187.48h,75.55t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sti3uypwqjbssri2upvhc4q!2e0 ) . 
  the only indications that you 've left the uk are that the speed is now in km/h and the hard shoulder is a broken line instead of a solid one .
