  no european signs telling you that you 're in another country ... for reasons . 
  i do n't really see those two being particularly distinct . 
  you could argue that neither would have existed without the other . 
  edit : i 'd even say the troubles started as civil conflict which turned an ethnic and political conflict because of the particular circumstances of the state . 
  also , i 'm sticking with the various sociological definitions of ethnicity , rather than the popular one . 
   unchangeable like ethnicity ethnicity is very changeable , it actually has very little to do with genetics ; just look at ireland and northern ireland where religion is used as shorthand for what was really more of an ethnic conflict between two groups who are probably closer related to each other than anyone else . 
  it 's not objective , it 's a very maleable set of social criteria that has to be articulated politically to have any impact . 
  ethnicity is n't something that just * is * : people have to believe in it . 
  [ it 's a semi-sovereign island off the coast of ireland where the natives elect their tribal chief ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tory_island#recent_history ) . 
   you think immigration is an issue ? 
  racist !, 
  which is why labour and the tories are both increasingly anti-immigration ? 
  you can respond to the point of the satire ( in this case the sensationalism and xenophobia of british media which tends to ignore class division and inequality ) , but attacking the literal message is where people tend to fall down . 
  seemed that way even in the thread on / r/unitedkingdom . 
  there 's a schadenfreude in it , like in reading the comments on any given waterfordwhispersnews article . 
  i 'm personally amused that he sees agreeing with the governing party of the uk to be disagreeing with the british establishment . 
  that in itself must be a form of satire , right ? 
  i guess it 's an attempt to make / r/europe a multilingual place , or at least to encourage multilingualism . 
  there 's also a point at which it 's not economical to even build one . 
  why build a 100,000 seater stadium if you 'd only fill it once or twice a year ? 
   in wales , 36.1 % of the population aged 25-64 had tertiary qualifications , a similar proportion to sweden ( 37.0 % ) and belgium ( 35.5 % ) . 
  northern ireland had the lowest percentage of the four uk nations , where 32.5 % of the population had tertiary education attainment , 7.1 percentage points lower than the uk figure . 
  not if you 're a unionist . 
  they have little love for the eu , being staunch conservatives . 
  nationalists are n't hugely pro-eu , either , but they 're more divided on the issue depending on how socialist/nationalist they are . 
  i 've been told before that northern ireland allegedly has one of the lowest rates of educational attainment in the eu , but i 've yet to actually source this claim . 
  edit : [ northern ireland has the lowest education attainment rate in the uk ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/guide-method/compendiums/compendium-of-uk-statistics/social-indicators/find-out-more/index.html?format=print ) . 
  i think the earlier claim was actually that there 's a disparity between catholic and protestant males , with protestant males in ni having the lower educational attainment rate . 
  edit ii : this is exactly what 's happening , [ ` the report notes : `` protestant fsme boys are close to the very bottom , just above irish travellers and roma children . 
  '' ' ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/northern-ireland/protestant-schoolboys-left-at-the-bottom-of-the-class-with-results-only-slightly-better-than-travellers-or-roma-children-30152342.html ), 
  for the unaware , [ flags are a significant political issue in northern ireland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belfast_city_hall_flag_protests ) . 
  celtic tiger ii : we learnt nothing, 
  that 's the line you went for ? 
  you could have gone for john bull instead , jack being a diminutive of john and _ jackeen _ an insult in ireland for an anglophile . 
  yeah , that 's the [ italo-celtic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italo-celtic ) theory , though it 's a fairly controversial one for reasons that are n't entirely clear to me . 
  i just know that a few celtic linguists are n't hugely convinced . 
  what year was this ? 
  i feel like i 've missed out an experience here . 
  we also tend to start small-talk with absolute strangers for no obvious reason . 
  i never thought anything of it until i moved to london and people seemed to act as though as i was talking to myself . 
  we need proper high density residential with decent transport links . 
  we ca n't keep expanding outwards . 
   if parliament votes no that 's hardly his fault that 's what he has a whip for . 
  if parliament votes no it seriously diminishes his credibility . 
  if his own party votes no he 's in serious trouble altogether . 
   a demonstration that nationalism is inferior to solidarity what about people who voted out of a sense of british nationalism ? 
  i mean , some of the papers yesterday were literally plastered with union jacks . 
  you mean like when ireland got several guarantees and the economic situation changed , so our votes changed ? 
  if they 'd held a properly democratic referendum with international monitoring and without ~ ~ russian troops ~ ~ ** patriotic citizens ** everywhere , then maybe . 
  get the [ beoirfinder app ] ( http://www.beoir.org/index.php/articles-mainmenu-36/general/237-the-beoirfinder-app ) , it should help you out quite a bit . 
  also , go somewhere else in ireland . 
  dublin prices can be insane . 
  he 's talking about the ancient celts . 
  i do n't know why but he is . 
  no country , not even switzerland , is truly ` neutral ' . 
  they all have their foreign interests and agreements . 
  even ireland has a handful of military observers in afghanistan attached to coalition forces . 
  the point is , * why would they even need to join nato * ? 
  if there 's some major conflict that they want in on , they can do so . 
  if some superpower wants to roll in , well there 's not much they 'd be able to do anyway . 
  the netherlands would hardly have been able to resist nazi germany any better if they 'd already declared war on it before the germans did . 
  this is what i 'd read as well . 
  i 'm still waiting for an explanation from the previous poster about how this is an ` affinity for putin ' . 
  just because they can does n't mean it 's legal . 
  it 's basically a reversal of the comment op quoted wherein spain would somehow prefer to fish illegally ( and face having craft seized ) rather than be able to get what they want within the eu . 
  ireland does n't have a ` serious navy ' and yet we do a decent job enforcing fishing rights without starting a war . 
  no , countries do not give away their territory to the eu . 
  i ca n't comment much on the snp 's defence plan but i really do n't understand the obsession with nato . 
  surely neutrality would suit a country of their size more . 
  as for their ` affinity for putin ' , all i 've ever heard of was that time alex salmond correctly pointed out that putin was successful in russia partly because of his ability to revive national pride . 
  this then became ` salmond admires putin ' . 
   scotland is not only leaving nato but intentionally jeopardising one of its three independent nuclear deterrents while doing so ; you will be fighting nato if you attempt to prevent the very hungry spanish fishing your waters ( another reason spain will veto scotland re-entering the eu ) . 
  surely this would be an incentive for spain to not oppose scottish accession . 
  the spanish fishing fleet could hardly trawl scottish waters as they do if it were n't a an eu member-state . 
   obligatory international boarders , passport control , security control , anti-smuggling policing , money laundering controls under eu law it 's more complicated than that as ireland and ruk are not part of schengen , so not all of the above would apply . 
  there 's no obvious reason that scotland could not join the common travel area which already exists between the uk and ireland since there 's just no provision for that of which i 'm aware in european law . 
   even if you vote ` no ' you have done irreparable generational damage to your international relationships . 
  so , if a state with a fully functioning parliamentary government and reserves of oil democratically secedes with the blessing of its former host it will somehow become the pariah of europe ? 
  not bloody likely . 
  ireland and the uk would most likely want to normalise relations as quickly as possible , and the rest of europe - especially those with active separatist movements - will want to sweep the matter under the rug and get on with things . 
  they also have this odd sound which exists only in handful of other languages like russian and some bantu language . 
  scots gaelic is really interesting to see/hear when you have some irish . 
  it 's largely intelligible , but with a lot of things that seem like archaisms or dialectal features found in ulster irish . 
  it 's sort of how i imagine the gulf between us and uk english in a hundred years or more . 
  i 'll be honest , i 've never understood the horror around irish . 
  it 's not a particularly complicated language relative to other non-romance or non-germanic indo-european languages . 
  welsh has consonants , we have digraphs and trigraphs . 
  tae fuck is what all about ? 
  it 's irish , sure . 
  tsk , tsk . 
  repeat after me : * ` is liathr\u00f3id\u00ed m\u00f3ra \u00e9 an ghaeilge ' *, 
  * do you not have a standard irish keyboard ? 
  they have aigu accents for the 's \u00edne fada ' in irish . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i 've had a few enquiries from english people ( some serious , most thankfully not ) . 
  some of your compatriates tend to try and gloss over the whole ` hundreds of thousands of people dying ' to get to an apparent cultural similarity that necessitates shared government . 
   no , but every anglo country basically falls into a `` one big liberal party and one big conservative party and maybe some other smaller ones maybe '' system . 
  depends on what you consider to be an ` anglo ' country , especially since they all see liberal to be something different from the us system . 
  the uk referendum on the alternative vote used simple majority . 
  this is a de facto constitutional referendum ; since the uk does n't have a codified constitution the outcome will decide the structure of the uk .
