   media covering the election should be able to understand and find this out ( if they 're not complete idiots , and especially coming from a similar system ) they do understand , but do n't care , they are not there to inform but to profit . 
  clickbait titles get them more money . 
  less than he expected , though , and 13 % of votes is underwhelming if you consider that his was until very recently the leading party in the polls . 
  vvd does n't really fit with alde in my opinion . 
  they are conservative and eurosceptic . 
  europe is doing well economically is what i meant ( which tells me at least that the current system works ) . 
  politically , it 's obviously really bad and the future is bleak . 
  agree on both points . 
  could be , i hope so . 
  i know i do , and so does my immediate environment , but i am always cautious of thinking in my own bubble . 
  i am not asserting anything , i ca n't really know , my point was that neither can you . 
  if i can dare guess , my guess is that both the uk and reu growth would have been ( marginally ) higher had the vote gone the other way . 
  i base this on my version of the common sense , but also on the fact that some dutch companies are already complaining about thier lost revenue as they had to cancel deals with british companies ( if needed , i can google the news article about that in dutch ) . 
  i do think this effect is still marginal . 
  europe is doing really well , but not all layers of population are feeling it still , and many people simply have expectations that are not really realistic . 
   the uk did not grow slower in 2016 because of brexit . 
  that is a very bold statement . 
  we ca n't possibly know what the growth would have been if it were n't for brexit vote . 
  likely higher than those estimated 2 % . 
  fully agree . 
  in the end , the eu could prosper by deepening the integration , and the uk would have been a blocker for it , but there are still countries unwilling to go through with it . 
  the best-case scenario ( out of realistic ones ) is that we end up with 2-way europe where some countries integrate deeper , and some choose not to . 
  the uk would have been in the latter group anyway . 
  come on . 
  brexit is a lose-lose and you know it . 
  til . 
  that explains why written russian reminds me of old texts we read in high school . 
  i thought it 's a general slavic thing , though , as i notice words that are now archaic in serbian in other slavic languages as well ( and probably vice versa ) . 
  really ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  sigh ... 
  i am not buying that serbian/croatian is closer to russian than ukranian is . 
   and it will be hard to distinguish between those cases and cases where customers actually get a worse products . 
  which makes any regulation incredibly hard . 
  it will be but one or another way should be found . 
  as it is now , it is very close to deceiving consumers . 
   could n't have picked a worse example than cocoa in chocolate . 
  is milk chocolate inferior to 99 % cocoa chocolate ? 
  billions of children will disagree . 
  no , but having * exactly the same looking product * with different contents is not good . 
  when it is 99 % cocoa chocolate it is very clearly stated on the box . 
  with my example , unless you read the small print in the back , you have no idea you are getting a different product . 
  eh , i do n't like this sort of comment because it normalises the thing that is objectively bad . 
  yes , fake news do work both ways . 
  but yes , they mostly swerve in alt-right direction . 
  there is even that article about macedonians who got rich by creating fake news targetted at trump followers , but when they tried the same with hillary 's , they failed . 
  it is very difficult to define , though , and expensive . 
  there would have to be an agency that would define expected quality on per product basis . 
  it 's definitely not just about the taste . 
  some chocolates , for example , have lower cocoa content in the east . 
  laundry detergents have smaller amount of active substance , meaning it takes more of it for the same washing effect , etc. 
  it is definitely a quality thing , and is a problem . 
  i do agree that it is difficult to define when it 's just about the taste difference , but it could be done based on the `` active '' substance ( for ex . 
  cocoa for chocolate ) . 
   because it is not eu job to do something about this . 
  national authorities must step in . 
  it 's not mutually exclusive , though . 
  national governments should make sure their consumers are not getting screwed by assuring minimum quality standards . 
  the eu should make sure that people know exactly what it is they buy , regardless of the member state they are in . 
  just owning a car helps a lot . 
  it gives you more choice of where to buy stuff , and lets you buy in bulk , which is always cheaper . 
  of course , you need to be able to afford to buy in bulk , which is also difficult if you live paycheck by paycheck . 
  at least for serbia that assessment is spot on . 
   the dutch are likely to vote for an insurgent ; that guy is currently polling at 17 % as has lost 5 projected parliament seats in recent months . 
  because canadians are cheap labour ? 
   ceta is not explained to the people , especially in a manner in which they 'd understand . 
  how would you go about this ? 
  how can they possibly inform you about something that has hundreds of pages of technical text ? 
  hold mandatory evening economics lessons ? 
  i do n't think that 's the only reason . 
  he ignores the apple case , but all his other points are valid . 
  in the netherlands i used the bank 's mobile app to transfer the money for the car . 
  i was very , very happy that i do n't have to carry that much cash around . 
  i seem to remember some referendum where that circlejerk opinion was confirmed . 
  ... yet :p on a serious note , i am center but that makes me literally hitler when discussing with greek people i know . 
  how is it being right wing in greece these days ? 
  i hate it . 
  * bo\u017ee pravde ti \u0161to spase od propasti do sad nas * . 
  * ... i od sad nam budi spas . 
  i disagree , the lyrics even confirms they are distinct states , and not belong to serbia in any way . 
  in the end , it 's a historical text . 
  in dutch anthem they still bow to the spanish king , 
  why ? 
  those lands wish us well , what 's wrong there ? 
  well it is about corruption . 
  just related to one city , instead of the entire country . 
  but to be honest , the rest of the country should get involved too , as it is obvious that mister prime minister is involved as well , or at least knew about it . 
  whatever works , i do n't care too much how it 's promoted as long as as many people as possible join . 
  well it really is about belgrade related thing . 
  i am guessing it is because the literal translation from polish is * 1st world war * and * 2nd world war * . 
  indeed . 
  unlike the other suggestions , this one was positive and looked to the future . 
  it was telling i guess that it was n't chosen . 
  that should have been our anthem , and not the god-fearing helpless lament of our fate that we ended up adopting . 
  i like how gare du nord got the special mention . 
  so important , with thalys stopping there . 
  not really true , it was close for months : https://ig.ft.com/sites/brexit-polling/, 
  it is mostly small/medium companies that co-operate . 
  large ones do n't need to , they can simply get all equipment and knowledge on their own . 
  small and medium pharma companies do very little adverstising .
