  i would have traveled much more as a student if that were n't the case . 
  i was never rejected , though , and while i was always asked for itinerary it was never even remotely suggested to me that i 'm not supposed to travel to another country . 
  what this guy has experienced is odd , to say the least . 
  not true . 
  from http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv%3al33020#text  common rules regarding visas , right of asylum and checks at external borders were adopted to allow the free movement of persons within the signatory states without disrupting law and order . 
  so , `` persons '' , not citizens . 
  as a visitor , you are entitled to move freely within the area once you pass an immigration check on one of the schengen borders . 
  it is fully legal as long the visitor respects their visa conditions ( length of stay , amount of entries , possible exceptions ) . 
  the immigration officer made him promise he will not go to austria , so to promise him that he will not use the right of free movement within the schengen area . 
  that is extremely weird and so unexpected that i would n't know how i 'd react to it myself , but i 'd probably sound scared , surprised and slightly annoyed ... like a terrorist , right ? 
  terrorists generally do not get invited to recognized scientific conferences , and it is very easy to check whether the conference is a sham or not . 
  if this guy got rejected , what kind of chance a regular pakistani guy has ? 
  more vigilant , certainly . 
  denying a visa for planning to travel to another schengen country , which is * the point * of a schengen visa , is simply not it . 
  additionally , they really screwed this guy over by denying . 
  having a schengen , uk or usa visa denial makes it that much harder to obtain visa to one of these places ever again . 
  i misunderstood . 
   it shows a lack of respect for the places he visited , suggesting he could have also done something even worse at some point . 
  seriously ? 
   why did he have to go to austria if he he going to the conference in italy ? 
  he should have applied for a tourist visa later if he wanted to do that . 
  but why ? 
  that 's one of the points of schengen , to make it easier for visitors to move around and visit more places . 
  it also makes the visit more worthwhile , if you can visit multiple places at the same trip . 
   because the phd was stupid enough to play by the rules . 
  if the immigration crisis showed one thing then that dickishness wins . 
  the phd is well aware that he 'd never get a job fitting his education level without a proper visa . 
  you are not , on the contrary , you are very well liked , and your popular culture is pervasive and favourite of many . 
  it is just that this sub became quite xenofobic and eurosceptic . 
  most people would be happy if you 'd left as that would undermine the idea of european co-operation , which they are against . 
  in north korea ? 
  seriously ? 
  what motivates you to write something like this ? 
   russian also known as cyrillic :p, 
  even as a candidate country , the eu is a really easy target to blame , both for the politicians and the media . 
  it is really popular to hate the eu these days , and saying that i like the idea gets me strange looks . 
  that 's europe-wide , currently . 
  the eu has a huge image problem , despite being literally the best thing that has happened to this continent ever . 
  so you know how immigration works in the uk , but then project that experience to the entire eu . 
  there are 27 other countries there , and 27 other immigration systems . 
  for some weird reason , the immigration policy has n't been unified yet , that is for sure one of the sources of this `` migrant crisis '' . 
  the netherlands , for example , has a highly-skilled migrant scheme . 
  get a job offer from a company that is registered to accept such migrants , make sure the offer is high enough , and you are in . 
  if you are under 30 and have some demonstratable experience , it is quite doable . 
  then after 5 years you can ask for the citizenship , and if you still want to , move to the uk . 
  so you let your emotions decide for you on a very real and important matter . 
  nice one . 
  i wonder how many brits will do the same . 
  you either do n't travel much or do n't respect your time . 
  the scenario you describe takes 5 minutes of your life per border crossing * is the best-case scenario * . 
  if you travel by bus , for example , it is at least 10-15 minutes , as every person in the bus have to be checked . 
  and then something goes wrong . 
  one person out of 50 in a bus is problematic . 
  a new employee working on the check is slow . 
  it is holiday season . 
  you are chosen to be searched . 
  for any border crossing you run a risk of something going wrong and you losing hours in the process . 
  if you travel often , say cross borders 10 times a year , you run a very good chance of wasting multiple hours at least once . 
  this is even without mentioning cross-border daily commute that so many people are doing these days . 
  in absolute terms , yes . 
  in relative , it comes down to what , like 0,8 of average monthly salary on both countries ? 
  more expensive , for sure , depending where are you from . 
  i paid $ 300 for the whole thing , but i see current prices are $ 400 + $ 35 per exam failure . 
  in real life terms , that is 1 net monthly salary , which is about the same as here in holland ( $ 2000 for the whole thing , + $ 200 per exam failure ) . 
  more expansive , possibly . 
  i did 35 hours of practice , and had a 200 + page theory book . 
  i did not do any special snow training , or any practice medical training , which is the only part i feel serbian driver 's education really miss . 
  actually , not really i think . 
  i think in most of the countries you learn pretty much the same things in the same or similar manner . 
  he is . 
  streets and parks are public places . 
  but they are not * enclosed * public spaces , and the article is about those . 
  the title is misleading . 
   despite article starts with bavaria minister being critical of plan and saying that there was some huge mistake with granting visa-free access to western balkan states , we never get to know what was the great mistake . 
  on my past - i have never heard any complains about that decision until this very day so i would like to know . 
  there were definitely complaints , and interior ministers from several german federal units called for a suspension of visa-free regime with western balkans . 
  the reason - a tenfold increase in asylum seekers coming from western balkans . 
  at some point there were organised bus tours from serbia to germany with the sole purpose of getting people to want to apply for asylum at the correct spot to do so . 
  not sure if that 's still going on . 
  i weep for my nation . 
  actually , not really . 
  all you can see from the ground is that the upkeep is not really good , but other than that , there is certainly the feeling of greenery and open space you do n't get in other parts of the city . 
  what is depressing are public areas inside of those buildings . 
  dark , concrete and windowless . 
  i really wonder if that graph accounts for all the underweight people who are underweight because they are ill of a lethal desease that made them lost all the weight . 
  serbian border with macedonia is sparsely populated and quite mountainous . 
  meaning , any fence would be very expensive to build . 
  if there were no wildlife concerns i 'd sign up for this . 
  tells you something about the current state of the sub . 
  what an exquisite taste , sir . 
  nope , serbia at least has its own visa policy . 
  we are not obliged to synchronise it with schengen up until full eu membership . 
   when you normally speak a language that has to use `` r '' as a vowel you consider it soft :d oh come on !, 
  there is nothing wrong in words like * prst * , * krst * , * crkva * , * mrmot * , etc. . . :p, 
  4th here . 
  russian does sound soft . 
  and i think it is a common perception . 
   add . 
  and it does kind of ruins it a bit . 
  still , a beautiful language you have .
