come back pls, 
  i do n't think it 's a slave mentality , it 's pragmatic mentality . 
  not sure about translylvania , but some of the infrastructure in vojvodina was better developed in austrian times than now . 
  there are irrigation systems and channels that were used then , but are now in disrepair . 
  even some railroad tracks i believe . 
  compared to austrians , the serbs are managing vojvodina very badly . 
  they do feel a bit better i think , but they have a history of a properly managed society , which the rest of serbia does not . 
  ummm ... 
  i do n't think this would 've actually happened . 
  with programming , you would n't even need to learn a second language , except the basics of it just to pass immigration test . 
   the uk is a net-importer by a large margin , many eu countries would be hit hard if it was lost from the single market , assuming it was of course . 
  ... and that 's how we start measuring who 's going to lose more in a conflict . 
  that 's some vladimir putin logic , right there . 
  `` we 'll lose , but you guys will lose even more !, 
  it is still bad , and that 's how civil wars start and escalate . 
  tolerate and justify small crimes , and people committing them will start thinking bigger crimes are ok as well . 
  being from serbia , i know very well how dangerous that spiral can be . 
  understandable , yes . 
  justifiable , no , never . 
  the law should protect everyone , irregardless of their political opinions . 
  they were fired , but not manhandled and thrown into a dumpster . 
  that would still be illegal despite their opinions , would n't it ? 
  do n't forget knowledge . 
  wageningen university is all about agriculture . 
  are you freaking serious ? 
  despite the war , the freedom of speech and opinion should be sacred and nobody should be humiliated because of it . 
  that is the path to madness and dictatorship . 
  even if true , it does n't excuse this behaviour . 
   all other countries in the eu make everyone pay their tolls incorrect . 
  in belgium and the netherlands at least there are no tolls , the roads are paid for by taxpayers ' money . 
  and at the same time , people have issues with their residence showing up on google street view . 
  if you are black though , you will be curiously looked at , and it may be that people will want to take selfies with you at parties . 
   but assuming the roads are funded by more than the sales tax you spent in germany , then you are gaining use of a product that you have n't paid for . 
  true , but so are germans on dutch roads , which i do pay for . 
  one of the points of the eu should be that we trust each other and do not bean count like this . 
   in my mind , it wo n't put people off going to germany . 
  for leisure activities , probably not . 
  for the shopping trips , it will . 
  what is the point of going to germany to buy gas if the toll negates the price difference ? 
  as someone who lives in the nl , 10km from the german border , it is not reasonable at all . 
  i make frequent day-trips to germany , either to buy stuff or for leisure . 
  in both cases i leave way more than $ 10 in germany . 
  however , i never make these trips twice in 10 days . 
  for me , this is basically $ 10 per trip . 
  it sucks , and is discouraging . 
  the winners will be overcharging dutch tank stations and supermarkets , the losers will be foreign citizens living close to the german border and german companies situated close to the border . 
  for girls , it 's not a very high bar to set . 
   it also almost seems like they were looking for differences after balkan wars to make a case they are languages . 
  that is exactly what happened . 
  there are also dialects of serbian spoken in southern serbia that are further apart from standard serbian than standard serbian and standard croatian are from each other . 
   i grew up reading italian comics that were translated to serbo-croatian with croatian dialect . 
  alan ford  also , girls speaking in dalmatian accent . 
  * melts *, 
  i would really , really like it if you were right . 
  but the results of the survey , and at least my general experience , beg to disagree . 
  no , that small part is probably very secured already . 
  i 'm talking about the rest of the croatia-bosnia border . 
  not gon na be easy , though . 
  they have that mega-border with bosnia that will be very difficult to secure properly . 
  this thread is not at all a representative of the entire europe . 
  the uk is quite liked . 
  i honestly think you 're wrong - the uk is quite liked accross europe . 
  there was a thread on this sub a few days ago about how romanians feel about other countries - more than 80 % said they like the uk , despite british media writing horrible things about them . 
  true . 
  fixed . 
  would n't want to get arrested . 
  how come you dislike belarus but have no issues with russia ? 
  mixed feelings for : uk due to their extremely harsh visa policy for me , and for choosing to confront the eu instead of trying to fix it . 
  on the other hand , the uk is awesome in so many ways that i do n't even know where to start . 
  hungary - i really do n't understand the entire orban thing . 
  i mean , it is ridiculous . 
  turkey - same as for hungary , just replace orban with erdogan . 
  russia - most of the russians i met are awesome , smart and trustworthy people . 
  but then they go and say putin is good . 
  cognitive dissonance +1 . 
  i honestly do n't think we 're any different , and would n't have been any different if we were given the opportunity they had . 
  my wife and i are consciously postponing having a child because we want to enjoy life some more . 
  and the costs involved are so astonishingly high that we 're only going to have only one anyway . 
  i know many people my age ( 30 ) feel and do the same . 
  albanians have a reputation in serbia for being a very good bakers . 
  i 'm sorry that criminals who are doing this are slowly succeeding . 
  the one albanian-owned bakery we had in downtown belgrade has been closed for years now . 
  edit : it is escalating , three cases of attacks on albanian-owned bakeries so far :( sombor , stara pazova and novi sad . 
  serbia and croatia have played games recently without any incidents . 
  he 's right , though . 
  it 's the same in serbia , except it 's normally the other way round , people do church wedding first , and then the real one after . 
  and the congratulations are given after the latter . 
  not all europeans , i 'm pretty sure a vast majority of people would want uk to stay . 
  there is some butthurt going on , though , but that 's maybe understandable . 
  well i 'm certainly not gon na believe you . 
  you my friend are shaming that flag you have next to your user name . 
  55 % for , the latest i 've seen about a week ago . 
  psycho . 
  well that shows how much i follow football , 
   on oct 14th there is a football match in serbia there are football matches in serbia every day  but on oct 14th there is indeed a friendly between serbia and albania . 
  which i find really nice . 
  the funny thing is , this map is almost the complete reverse of the kosovo recognition map . 
  if only it were that easy . 
  they do n't really care about their own troops . 
  russian government has never really cared about russians .
