  why is that being interpreted as a punishment ? 
   usually you judge official actions not campaign rhetoric because campaign tend to be emotional and heavy on rhetoric . 
  if you do n't let things like this slide , you 'll have endless war ... or civil war . 
  this entire submission is about judging a rhetoric . 
  no official action regarding this bill has happened yet on either side . 
   also the people in gibraltar actually voted very clearly against brexit . 
  their votes are being made meaningless , however . 
  it 's somewhat schizophrenic in serbia . 
  it is very common to use racial slurs in common speech , but when there is a black guy at a party everyone wants to take a picture with him . 
  after all the things ( and lies ) said in the referendum campaign about the eu by those who are now in the uk government , it is not too surprising that there is not too much good will left on the eu side . 
  add all the ( pre-election ) posturing from both sides into the mix , and you have this mess . 
  it was never going to be pretty , what divorce ever is ? 
  i must admit , though , i did not expect this level of petiness . 
   she is n't saying that it 's evil or that it 's some kinda shock she 's saying if the uk want a good deal then the uk has to be as united as the eu . 
  she should have thought about unity before deciding to go hard brexit based on only 51,9 % majority , and with 2 out of 4 countries voting remain . 
  there , however , was no public discussion that would yield some sort of compromise based on the referendum result . 
  if the uk is divided and such calls for unity are needed , it 's her own fault really . 
  no , the eu is treating the uk like a 3rd party state , which is exactly what the uk wants . 
   the larger the state is , the less democratically accountable it is . 
  why would this be true ? 
  with the soundly set up system , democracy is scalable . 
  it is not even that difficult . 
  if it were n't for corruption that has nothing to do with their size , india with its over 1 billion people would be a functioning democracy . 
   intentional destruction of cultures by forced mixing of peoples is a stalinist policy . 
  why do you think stalinist policies are a good idea ? 
  be specific . 
  this makes me think you 're trolling . 
  there is no forced mixing , you can choose not to move , unlike in stalinist regimes . 
  cultures are fluent things and in a constant state of change , mixing them in the way eu does does not destroy them , but enriches them . 
   do you think that `` mobility of students '' can not be accomplished without `` mobility of criminal elements '' , `` mobility of terrorists '' and so on ? 
  you already need to have your passport or equivalent id when you travel within eu . 
  it can not . 
  if you start vetting each and every person for them being a criminal element or a terrorist , you lose freedom of movement . 
  period . 
  the movement is either free , or it is not . 
  if you have to jump through a million hoops , it is not free  do you genuinely think that cultures are so similar across europe , that same `` harmonised '' legislation would work better in say , the nordics and southern europe at the same time , rather than legislation specifically tailored for differences in these cultures ? 
  the trick is to know what to keep on the eu level , and what on local level . 
  even within countries we need local laws , that 's what municipalities and provinces are for . 
  to take your corruption example , the reason northerners are less corrupted is not because they are inherently so , but because their anti-corruption laws exist , are strict , and are being enforced - something the south does n't yet have , and that indeed should be harmonised . 
  the northerners also take opportunity to be corrupted when they can , they are not inherently `` clean '' . 
  * taking account of the framework * is something completely different than negotiating the deal in details . 
  i 'd consider the framework already to be set - no eea , no customs union , so there 'll be , at most , an extensive trade deal like the one with canada . 
  that took 7 years to complete . 
  taken seriously by whom ? 
  apparently not by the majority ? 
  what are their sales numbers compared to the sun or the daily mail ? 
  soros was against brexit , unlike murdoch . 
  we 'll see tomorrow i guess , as a pro-eu person i am worried about that . 
  there is a set of countries that stand a lot more to lose than average , and that is where the problems can arise . 
  it is completely ok for them to profit from the eu , that is one of the things it 's there for . 
  the tax issue is being worked on currently . 
  what do they have ? 
  that 's quite a shitty question , one that can be asked about any member state . 
  two issues with your comment : 1 ) ireland also uses common law , do you consider them as not belonging as well ? 
  2 ) it was the french ( and the dutch ) who voted against the eu constitution . 
  i disagree with the people saying it was a mistake . 
  the uk was a very useful and contributing member for a long time . 
  you sort of did n't have a choice , you had to put the pineapple to be different from the dutch flag . 
  we , however , did . 
  and chose wrongly . 
   what choice do the epp have ? 
  do they deny parties from member states from joining them ? 
   they do . 
  like alde denied five star movement . 
  if only we had an easy way to search for the information we need and get the facts ... 
  your list contains * nursing * twice then . 
  also , it is most certainly not * vast majority * . 
  it is up to a half , * if * the nursing succeeds ( oftentimes it does not ) , and * if * the woman chooses to do it herself ( she does n't have to ) . 
  * even then * , nursing correctly is hard work , especially in the beginning , and having someone to support you and help you means the world . 
  and there are still all the rest of the work . 
  why do you want to condemn the woman to do it all ? 
  it is quite an assumption that communists and nazis would n't be in power had n't germany lost ww1 . 
  sooner or later , the manner of the german/austrian victory would become an issue , and you 'd have another war on your hands . 
  the point is that it is difficult to imagine europe would become a much better place than it is now if it was based on such a horrible winners . 
   as we have seen during the centuries the mother of parliaments has been an extremely stable parliamentary democracy . 
  this is not much of an argument . 
  stable does n't necessarily mean good . 
  so apples themselves were seen like a sort of a default fruit ? 
  eh ... not after the atrocities committed during that war . 
  both of these statements are simply not true . 
  when serbia got visa-free travel in 2009 the same stories were going around . 
  it does not actually happen . 
  yes , the border guard can turn you back , they always can . 
  in reality , i 've never seen that happen and i travel often . 
  if you stick to the 90-days limit , have reasonable answers about where are you going and what are you planning to do , and can show medical insurance ( was asked once that i know of , from my friend ) , you are good to go . 
  you can say your family members in ukraine they have nothing to worry about . 
  this is about a short stay , tourist visa . 
  your reasons are not really good , though . 
  `` infant care necessitates the mother '' - in what way ? 
  you mention pregnancy then , but this is about the leave after the baby is born . 
  and yes , the mother does have to deal with struggles of labor and post partum , which is why it makes even more sense to have a father present to share the work . 
  maybe they think less competition on the domestic market would increase their sales ? 
  currently it is 2 days in the netherlands , with the possibility of extra 3 days unpaid . 
  independent is internet-only these days . 
  guardian 's economics editor is openly pro-brexit . 
  where does willful journalist bias stop and self-censorship begins ? 
  yeah , that 's not a very high bar to set . 
  replace `` foreign '' with `` english-speaking '' . 
  was it ? 
  i do n't notice too much difference between the two narratives .
