  the eu has no mechanism to get member countries to sort themselves out , the intended mechanism for that is the accession process . 
  but in bulgaria 's case , the country became a member before rampant corruption was taken care of . 
  after that , there was simply no motivation to fix that . 
  i would dare say that it comes slowly * because of * the membership . 
  no , i would not think that 's ok . 
  although it is a website survey , so i probably would not care very much . 
  serbia , however , is not under the sovereignity of another country . 
  i personally would not mind them adding gib , but then they 'd also have to add faroe islands , greenland and all the other dependencies . 
  again , i would not mind that , but it is definitely more work for them . 
  you 'd be surprised how many country selection menus accross the internet do n't have serbia as an option . 
  that 's what we get for having a dynamic country name . 
  it 's also fun for us from the balkans . 
  do i count serbian , croatian , bosnian and montenegrin as four or as one ? 
  i chose the sane option , of course . 
  i got stuck at the questions about turkey . 
  there should be some kind of `` conditional yes '' . 
  oddly enough , there is nothing about this in serbian media . 
  there are many articles about the re-introduction of the schengen visa requierement , though . 
  i guess bad news sells better ... 
  and she 's against sweden paying for development help to less developed countries of europe , period . 
  it is a horribly narrow view to have , and many people have tried to provide some arguments , but she 's sticking to her ideas . 
  thus , there is not much use in discussing with her , as she 's not changing her opinion , not even a bit . 
  yes , because that one is not limited to foreigners ( i think ) . 
  it is possible for a bosnian serb to get a citizenship of serbia , but it is a long and expensive process . 
  it took over 5 years to a couple of people i know , and they had residence in serbia . 
  without it , i imagine it is even more difficult . 
   `` allow to trade with '' ... freely , without any customs fees or limitations . 
  it 's a club norway 'd like benefits from but does n't want to participate . 
  paying for those benefits is the only option that remains , is it not ? 
  i would still separate freedom of movement and benefit tourism . 
  the former is great , the latter should be as discouraged as possible . 
  i just do n't believe it is as big a problem in the uk as cameron claims until i see hard numbers . 
   are you serious ? 
  you seem to be rather science oriented to me so i am sure that you understand that you do not understand that one can not prove a negative ? 
  there are such things as feasibility studies , usually done before major investments . 
  one could be done to check if eventual serbia 's eu membership is feasible for both serbia and the eu . 
  it wo n't be , but it could ( and should , why not ? ) . 
  you keep comparing serbia to pigs countries , but they are not the best comparison . 
  we are , by the structure of our economy and goals , way more similar to the 8 eastern european countries admitted in 2004 . and they seem to be doing fairly well for themselves . 
  true , they are still net receivers , but seem to be using that money well . 
  also , not all cohesion receivers failed to stop being that . 
  look at ireland , for example . 
   exactly , it is why we should n't add another one . 
  i am not sure how is this connected . 
  once the country is in the eu , there is no good mechanism to force the country to behave ( there should be ! ) . 
  in the accession stage , however , the accession process itself is such a mechanism . 
   i however do not want yet another country that is corrupt and will add to the corruption in the eu . 
  good , me neither . 
   that is so sad . 
  do you know how one best battle corruption , as in studies etc. 
  no , i am not a political scientist , it is more of a hobby . 
  i know , however , that it is a matter of political will . 
   i would like to emphasise that this has nothing to do with individual serbs , or that serbs is very bad country . 
  no need for this , that is clear . 
  no offense or butthurt taken . 
  you are against enlargement to the east in general , it just so happened that it is serbia that is beginning that process . 
   i look at it from the point of the eu and sweden . 
  i just do n't really see how this will work from the eu 's point of view . 
  not sure about sweden , but eu countries such as austria , italy , hungary , croatia , slovenia , romania , bulgaria and greece have a very clear interest in serbia and the rest of the balkans joining in , as they are close and have a lot of money invested in those economies . 
  the potential rejection of serbia would permanently cripple our economy , but would also have adverse effects to the countries mentioned above . 
  for some reason , countries like uk and sweden also seem to be pushing , and even the dutch who vetoed albania few days ago said it is the right time for serbia to start the process . 
   i am sure you want to deal with it , but if the eu ca n't make greece , italy and bulgaria deal with it , why should serbia be different ? 
  all those countries are already in , and the eu has nothing to offer them . 
  if it so wills , eu can request a corruption clean-up during the accession talks with serbia , and i hope it will . 
  the first chapters that will be opened are rule of law and judiciary , and it has already been promised that those chapters will be the last to close , too . 
  that gives some hope that the lessons of bulgaria and romania have been learned . 
   we can make a trade deal . 
  there already is one , but that trade deal can not possibly be on equal terms between two entities of such vastly different sizes . 
  and it is indeed not . 
  regarding cohesion funds , as you said , it is not our fault . 
  while money will surely not be rejected , that is not the main reason we want in , and if the cohesion funds were to be abolished , it would not stop us from wanting in . 
  for serbia , there is no alternative . 
  we are not ukraine or moldova , they can choose . 
  we are quite literally surrounded by the eu . 
   there is absolutely no proof that they would work for serbia , if they have n't worked elsewhere . 
  there is also no proof of otherwise . 
  as we have agreed before , a scientific study needs to be done . 
  each country may be specific . 
  or not . 
   any country that want to free themselves of corruption has to do it themselves . 
  the eu is not magic bullet that will make you corrupt free . 
  in fact , i think we add to the corruption . 
  i wish it were that easy . 
  as a citizen of a candidate country , without a doubt i can tell you that the accession process does not add to the corruption . 
  eu points to failures , both acute and chronical , that our politicians would like very much to hide . 
  it is an amazingly pervasive process , and goes from the botched privatizations to the lgbt rights . 
   i 'd like scientific proof for that statement . 
  of course , i have none . 
  but i would gladly give my tax money on a research on that . 
  edit : a point i forgot :  adding corruption to an already corrupt eu - where will that lead us ? 
  to dissolution . 
  that is why i think that under no circumstances we should be let in if after the end of accession talks we are still as corrupted as we are now . 
  as i said before , you are making very valid points , although my views are a bit less ... harsh . 
  i see where you are coming from but i hope that eu will not let us in in a state that bulgaria and romania were when they got in . 
  if during the accession talks they make us deal with the corruption , i am sure the economy will follow , even with no or very limited cohesion funds . 
  we are not into this for charity , but for equal opportunities that our neighbours already have . 
  otherwise we stand no chance . 
  who are we to trade with ? 
  actually , [ sweden 's voice is very clear on this issue ] ( http://inserbia.info/news/2013/11/carl-bildt-hopes-for-start-of-serbias-entry-talks-in-december/ ) . 
  carl bildt is one of major proponents of accession talks with serbia .
