  for some people , maybe , for most it was about showing the finger to the `` estabilishment '' . 
  except that is not true , read u/jorgegt 's comment . 
  interestingly enough , i only visit belgrade occasionally and i saw them sold in zeleni venac passageway , and sometimes even in souvenir stalls in knez mihajlova ( not the last few times i 've been there , though ) . 
   but it 's pretty hard to contest that she 's very skilled when it comes to foreign relations . 
  i disagree . 
  her actions regarding the refugee influx have indirectly lead to brexit , which is arguably the worst thing that has happened to the eu since its founding . 
  it was possible to both help the refugees and respect eu 's laws and borders . 
  merkel , however , failed to do the latter . 
  that 's an arrangement that mauritius government seems to be willing to continue , at least that 's what i got from the article . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk is charging quite some money for renting the island . 
  is it a common practice that eu members support each other when voting in the un ? 
  what branch are you in ? 
  for growing number of high skilled branches the language barrier is becoming less and less of a problem . 
  germany being the notable exception , i think , to their loss . 
   but i bet that the uk will open its market to a highly skilled people from western part of the eu . 
  this is questionable , as then they ca n't get reciprocity . 
  those are the rules of the club those countries accepted when they joined . 
  strictly speaking , convergence funds also are n't technically necessary to have an economic union , and yet the eu has those as well . 
  earlier it was echr , read the end of the article . 
  so the guy tried both institutions . 
  from what i can google , it was the echr that made the uk do it , not the eu or the ecj . 
  and echr 's job is to check whether european convention of human rights is being observed , which is again something that is not really related to the eu . 
  so actually , from what i see , the eu had nothing to do with it . 
  better than croatia . 
  that 's what counts 8 - ) in all seriousness , though , i wonder how much does nordeus pushes this score up by themselves . 
   so this is where i 'll be downvoted . 
  welcome to the club , i guess . 
  my replies are being downvoted , not sure why . 
   as it stands , a bilateral agreement on citizens ' rights benefits the eu more than it does the uk . 
  so why ( as this is a negotiation ) would the uk give the eu that for free ? 
  something something bargaining chips . 
  in all seriousness , though , i do n't think it would be for free , the uk would buy itself some good will on other parts of the agreement . 
  so , it is optional , but then i guess the rest of the negotiation will be even more difficult if the uk refuses to play ball . 
  personally , having been in a similar situation , it sucks when you ca n't make any long-term plans because you do n't know if you 'll be allowed to remain in the place you live in . 
  so what you are saying is that the uncertainty will remain in any case , until all is agreed , signed and voted for by all 29 involved parliaments ? 
  i do n't think that should be the case when it comes to citizens ' rights , and i hope it will not be acceptable for the eu side . 
  then the suggestions are not good enough ( without checking if the one from the eu 's side is any better ) . 
  these things * have * to be very clear , or simply the topic of citizens ' rights is not covered and there can be no such claim . 
  because to have an efficient economic union and be able to enforce the rules , you have to adapt and synchronise the national laws , and that is where it gets political . 
   happens all over the world can you give some examples ? 
  yes , but that is extremely important to people dependent on that . 
  the way you present it , means it 'll not be known for a while yet what the actual conditions will be . 
  that 's quite some uncertainty . 
  implying that one is really possible or sustainable without the other . 
   will be given the opportunity to build up five years ' worth of residence . 
  what does this `` opportunity '' consists of ? 
  if you can just stay , no questions asked , until you get to 5 years , it is ok . 
  but if it is conditional , like having a certain salary threshold for example , then it is obviously totally not what is wanted . 
  it is mentioned in the article that one of the consequences will be increased prices . 
  are you sure ? 
  i do n't get this from the article . 
  those are miniscule and unofficial gains compared to all what is lost . 
  150 years ago russian empire contained finland , alaska , a good part of eastern europe , the central asian ` stans ... 
  interestingly enough , both britain and russia are former empires that seem to be ever-shirinking in the last century or so . 
  what it looks to me that they want is a hard brexit for everything else but for the irish border . 
  according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conservative_party_ ( uk ) _ leadership_election , _ 2016 boris johnson did n't run for the leadership , but withdrew before the race even started . 
  the war in croatia ended 22 years ago . 
  the parent commenter might easily have been born after it . 
  most of them suck , though . 
  california 's ones , for example , can be really tricky to read . 
  it is fascinating just how much they screwed them up : * a narrow , difficult to read , font * a 3-letter country code when a 2-letter one was available * a sad and empty blue background without a flag or any other symbol * the inclusion of serbian latin letters with diacritics * and * of the letters that do not exist in serbian latin . 
  so your license plate can be 123-w\u0110 . 
  wonderful , and totally sensical . 
  not really , pvv polled as the largest party for up to a month before the elections . 
  their result is perceived as disappointing . 
  they are being helped in the time of need and that is actually quite awesome . 
  saying they are being rewarded is going too far , though . 
  their wealth and living standards took an immense hit . 
  by not helping people fleeing from war you are not really making your country safer . 
  i said no such thing . 
  i do n't think the populism here is beaten , but it did worse than expected . 
  by a margin of one parliament seat compared to the 3rd one , though . 
  not true , this . 
  also , if they end up needing a work visa , that means their ability to stay in the uk is tied to the job . 
  that is a sort of a life insecurity that makes one search for alternatives . 
   that was one of key points that canada insisted upon in when negotiating ceta . 
  no seals would be allowed in further eu trade deals . 
  eu tried to negotiate this position , even go as far as propose to triple import quota for maple syrup , but nothing could help :( this reads like a joke ? 
  is it a joke ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  but does it really matter at this point ? 
  agree , they are not very likeable fellows  also i feel they prioritise green issues wrongly - animal welfare is important , but is far from being the most important issue in the entire climate change problem . 
  also , the policies on their website are difficult to read , they apparently have n't heard of paragraphs . 
   so by `` proper '' you mean a pure one-issue party basically ? 
  no , i mean a party that would have green policies as their highest priority , more important than anything else . 
  like animal welfare is for pvdd , for example . 
  so not a single-issue party , but a party that does find climate policies more important than any other , basically . 
  yes . 
  but for none of them are green policies the highest priority . 
  i was hoping that is the case for groenlinks , but apparently it is not , and that is disappointing . 
  the waste math is easy . 
  if they start on schedule , the uk will show up at the negotiating table on the 19th june . 
  article 50 has been triggered on the 29th march , so 82 days before . 
  the total allowed negotiating time is 2 years , so 730 days . 
  out of that , 82 days are wasted , or 11,23 % of the total time . 
  animal rights are only a part of `` green '' , and they seem to be on the forefront of this party 's image . 
  they are also very much eurosceptic , and for a green party that is odd , as climate change does n't really care about borders . 
  that 's why i said i 'd like a `` proper '' green party . 
  pvdd is not that . 
  that 's such a pity .
