  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  yup , that 'd work , but that 's a way more drastic change than simply changing the measurement system . 
  that 's a horrible viewpoint . 
  not one person is a * natural serf * , and especially not the entire nation of people . 
  so you 'd prefer that 1 kilometer has 1728 meters ( 12 ^ 3 ) instead of 1000 meters ( 10 ^ 3 ) ? 
  how would that be clearer ? 
  the problem here is the base-10 system that we use . 
  dear guardian , that eu flag is upside down . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  the bar is so much higher for non-eu citizens , though . 
  i work in a small dutch it company . 
  we are looking for people , and i know people back in serbia who 'd be qualified to fill the positions . 
  but we 're too small and do n't have the capacity to deal with immigration for months to maybe be allowed to import an employee from serbia . 
  our partner company tried and got rejected in the end , on the basis that they `` did n't try hard enough to find a suitable candidate within eu '' . 
  nobody did it say what exactly is `` trying hard enough '' . 
  so it is really difficult . 
  if the british gov ' t wants to close its border for eu citizens , i imagine it will be very difficult for reu to allow brits to still have free access to the work market . 
  not impossible , though . 
  what are * serb 's * greatest interests ? 
   serbian progressive party won it 's election by proposing much bigger euroskepticism than the ds . 
  in the case of the latest election , this is simply not true . 
  i am not sure if you 're deliberately trolling . 
  what you 're saying is wrong . 
  i am not surprised by this at all . 
  the salaries/prices ratio in \u010cr is insanely good . 
  * trajan, 
  it refers to sex , though , not to war . 
  * let 's go crazy this night , * * come on , fall in love with my eyes , * * your lips taste like chocolate , * * i like that * that 's the chorus , i know it by heart : /, 
  norwegian is more of a `` medium-cost '' airline , though . 
  their prices are noticably higher than wizz 's . 
  juncker told twice that during this commission 's term ( 5 years ) there will be no new members . 
  it is a big news item currently in serbia and montenegro . 
  scotland might be an exception , though , they 'll get grandfathered into membership probably . 
  this is so hateful that i am considering deleting the entire submission just to see the hate gone . 
  although it is hard to believe that you ca n't google ( co-founder : russian ) this , [ here is the list of russian scientists and their contributions to the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_russian_scientists ) . 
  in serbia it is always post tax . 
  sometimes that makes people think the salary difference compared to the richer countries is larger than it actually is . 
   it can not work in ukraine , those people are fighting for their country and will not lose the will to fight . 
  eh , i am not sure about that . 
  i do n't know how ukranian does the populace of donetsk and lugansk feels . 
  serbian native english c1 ( self-estimated ) dutch b2 ( officially , but it feels like less ) german , french a1 macedonian , bulgarian , slovenian basic understanding due to similarities with serbian, 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the prevalent opinion of bosnia is on this forum at least is that rs should n't be allowed independence because of the way it came to be , even though they are rationally aware it makes the big state the lost cause . 
  a very said state of affairs and a huge stubbornness on both sides . 
  but the point is , it 's not about the us , it 's about the people . 
   `` everything shuts down on sunday '' including webshops . 
   if canada wants to join , sure !, 
  tricky . 
  people are already going nuts over eu-canada free trade deal . 
   afterall half of that goes on eus ngo sector in serbia bullshit . 
  can you expand on this ? 
  what did you see ? 
  the fact is that the nationalism in serbia is holding everything back , including the education . 
   it benefits everyone . 
  except then the sanctions towards russia lose their point . 
  yup . 
  in serbia , montenegro and bosnia also . 
  is that right above van der poel ? 
  [ medium-sized town in eastern netherlands ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m337mls.jpg ) . 
  we just had a storm , 
  not that i am aware of , but with putin you never know !, 
  they might yet appear !, 
  our president is an idiot . 
  fortunately , the rest of the government is not completely pro-russia . 
  do n't take the guy seriously , he 's trolling . 
  what did you want to see , where did you go ? 
  i am aware that some of the tourist places are scammy , but most of them are not . 
  and usually in any country there 's plenty to see , serbia included , depending on what your interests are of course . 
   still , if it was n't for schengen , it would be hard to cross the border . 
  not true . 
  it would just be less easy , you 'd need to have your id checked . 
  but that is it , you 'd still be able to work in another country . 
  i really do n't see how is he whitewashing anything in the post above . 
  in general , maybe , i have n't looked at his post history . 
  but all he mentions in the parent is the fact that a civilian train was hit by nato . 
  especially on this sub , where people easily identify person with their flair , and he 's using the serbian one , despite not being from there . 
  his opinions are his alone . 
  i think it is quite clear for what crimes serbia was found guilty , and for what crimes it did not . 
  completely agree , it is a mixed bag . 
  but you said above that serbia is found completely not guilty , and that i still disagree with . 
  that is a matter of semantics in this case , as you moved from ethnicity to state , which is not what op was talking about . 
  the op is right when he says there 's still a `` we did nothing wrong '' mentality among serbs . 
  that is , sadly , especially true for younger generation . 
  also , what you said regarding the court is false . 
  the serbian state was found guilty on failing to move to prevent the genocide and on hiding the suspects after the genocide occured . 
  why did you suddenly move the discussion from republika srpska to republic of serbia ? 
  it is also a plea to be led by god . 
  national admission that we have no brain of our own put in the anthem . 
  instead of the positive , uplifting and secular * vostani serbie * we got a god-worshipping lament . 
  the melody is really nice , but i hate the lyrics with all my heart . 
  til . 
  and my faith in humanity has just dropped a notch . 
   the 1 and 2c coins are basically only usable at aldi . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  here in the netherlands we call them : * useless, 
  fair enough . 
  and every time you pay a bank a small amount for currency conversion . 
  the uk is one of the reasons the eu has no foreign policy at all .
