  i for one really fear the referendum and i hope you guys stay in . 
   the one thing no one can claim is that the eu has destroyed any culture . 
  and yet , you 'd be surprised how many people claim that and how often that ridiculous argument is pulled . 
  actually , # 3 is already an eu law ( even stricter , i think it 's 90 days ) . 
  basically , despite the free movement , you do n't have a right to just hang out in the other member country . 
  if you do n't work or have some other reason to be there , technically you have to leave . 
  but obviously , it 's really difficult to enforce this . 
  does your username mean `` cheese '' ? 
  the population back then was only one third of what it is today . 
  fewer people to litter . 
  believe it or not , belgraders are actually starting to respect crosswalks . 
  massive fines seem to help . 
  it would also set a very dangerous precedent . 
  for example , that would legitimize russian claims on eastern ukraine . 
  russia was getting points from all over the place , not just the balkans . 
  me too , i actually liked british song this year . 
  it 's your country but you do n't get to experience the consequences of your voting decision . 
   if everyone was allowed take photos of their completed ballot they could prove their vote and therefore could sell it . 
  this arguement only goes so far . 
  there is nothing preventing you from invalidating your ballot after taking the photo , or even asking for a new ballot claiming you made a mistake . 
  and take your tolls with you :p, 
  i do n't think the common linnets losing to the dude in a dress last year was too much of a bad pr , at least locally in the nl . 
  they had a few successful tours around the country after that . 
  no easy fix there . 
  although quantifying the amount as `` very large '' is excessive . 
   but i would hand out visa for unskilled workers very sparsely . 
  this is already happening . 
  it is all but impossible to get an eu work visa without posessing a valuable skill . 
  the only exceptions are : * successful asylum applications * close family members * people who come to the eu for getting academic education - in which case , they are offered a possibility to stay * if * they finish their education and find a job, 
  i see your point , and i agree that the entire thing is probably a bad idea . 
  but it beats closing down the borders for ourselves . 
  but why ? 
  the costs of doing that are surely higher than any costs those migrants might produce . 
  the loss of everyone 's time is immense . 
  i really do n't understand it . 
  so have i. 
  while it is survivable , it is really not comfortable or handy . 
  and if anything goes wrong , or if there is a vacation season , you get hours-long queues . 
  illegal migrants are simply not a good enough reason to do that to european citizens . 
  i hope not . 
  it is insanity . 
  so you would check millions of people at the border daily only to weed out a few thousands migrants ? 
  offtopic , but there are some really nice chocolates being produced locally in serbia . 
  they will never have the reputation of the swiss ones , of course , but are still nice and tasty . 
  that is like 4 times less than the tax in the netherlands for the same car . 
  and you still get to drive in the nl for free . 
  not really , imho . 
  when voting for a government , all you need to do is to read party manifestos , maybe watch a few debates and you 're able to choose a party that agrees the most with the * general direction * you think the country should take . 
  then the actual work of creating laws and treaties is left to them , and we the taxpayers pay them for it . 
  in the case of voting for the treaty changes , you 'd need to read hundreds of pages of the original treaty , then dozens or hundreds of pages of the treaty changes , in order to vote for it . 
  there is no way the people will do that , they will resort to their gut feeling and that is no proper way of deciding the future . 
   let 's not be afraid of the people . 
  this is easy to say . 
  the people need to be able to make an informed decision , and in the eu treaty context i have my doubts if that is even possible . 
  on my own example , i estimate that i know more about the eu than 90 % of people , and i have no clue about so many things . 
  for example , i know almost nothing about agricultural policies and absolutely nothing about fisheries for example . 
  that makes me simply not qualified to make any decision ( not that i have a vote in any case \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af ) . 
  there are people ( maybe these are even a majority ) that do n't even know how many member states are there . 
  how are these people supposed to vote about the organization 's future ? 
  it just does n't make sense to me . 
  that has n't stopped politicians elsewhere to join in the coalition before . 
  heck , that has n't stopped clegg from betraying his voters 5 years ago . 
  he entered into the coalition with the * conservatives * . 
  that 's suicidal for any libdem party in the world , and rightfully so . 
  not necessarily true . 
  it 's just that everyone would be more ready to compromise , and such a compromise would be more acceptable to the voters . 
  when almost everyone is overweight you do n't really have a choice . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  hunger is often psychological , and it may be difficult to discern boredom and cravings from the actual hunger . 
  does it ? 
  afaik , the priority in seat distribution is from the largest party to the smallest one . 
  refusals can be and sometimes are arbitrary , though , and the embassy can raise or lower the bar depending on the signals it gets from home . 
  there are no set rules , and if you 're refused for a visa they do n't have to tell you why . 
  how many poles would choose illegal immigration to the us over a completely legal one to western europe ? 
  the tastes are subjective . 
  imh taste , you do n't have to be fat to be unattractive , but if you 're fat , you probably are . 
  the term simply did n't exist back then , and most albanians boycotted the census . 
  the boycott is still ongoing among albanians living in municipalities bordering kosovo , making it difficult for serbian state to know how many actually live there . 
  we only have estimates . 
   i assure you that poland culturally got more in common with france than already mentioned serbia or any of the balkan `` slavic cultures '' . 
  and we never shared border with either of them . 
  i do n't think this is true , however not because we 're both slavic but because we were both under communism and still see the state as the enemy in some way . 
  how much do you know about the culture of balkan region anyway ? 
  also both poland and serbia are heavily religious and socially conservative . 
  from my parent comment :  it does n't make much sense to compare things like that i disagree it is the demagogy , though . 
  in the terms of human life loss , russians suffered way more . 
  in the terms of the culture preservation , jewish culture and civilization suffered way more . 
  both things are true , neither is demagogy , and they are not mutually exclusive . 
  not really when those numbers are murdered people . 
  to quote a friend of mine :  macedonian subtitles turn any movie into a comedy . 
  it does n't make much sense to compare things like that , but in absolute terms at least , that statement is true . 
  were you able to preserve your social life once you got a kid ? 
  all other things do not worry me , but this one i am afraid i will have a hard time with . 
  odd , i figured it 's schengen-wide rule . 
  i regularly fly to and from ams , ein and dtm and have n't got stamped in a while . 
  as of recently , they do n't stamp your passport any more if you have a residence card . 
  but for them to know that , you have to show them your card , of course . 
  it is somewhat baffling that i actually have to show them my physical card , they should be able to simply have it on their screens . 
  fully agreed there . 
   when i have to deal with anything russian i give no fuck anymore only the sith deal in absolutes .
