  translation : * unemployment * new car sales * real estate sales in the city of belgrade ( left : per day ; right : per month ) * exchange rate of serbian dinar to euro * average net monthly salary * inflation rate * women 's visits to a hairdresser 's ( 3 times a week ; once a week ) source : blic daily, 
  no independence is officially accepted . 
  this sets a ground for the level of autonomy that serbs living in northern part of kosovo will have . 
  no more , no less . 
  he 's a true picture of about half of serbia , i 'd say . 
  or wish to think at least . 
  mediji ... 
  are you sure that 2/3 of the un general assembly is not enough for membership ? 
  btw , russia 's support has its price - serbia is not allowed to join nato . 
  what happened to your flair ? 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  maybe we could ask one of the mods to moderate live during the ama session . 
  vlora citaku seems to have a very active twitter account . 
  no clue if she 's corrupted or not , though . 
  this article is full of * maybe * s , * would * s and * can be * s. i doubt any of this will actually happen . 
  oh for the love of gods , just please sign it already !, 
  this is just a reaction to the rally held by nationalistic forces few days ago , that called for early elections in vojvodina but also used nationalistic slogans and arguments in doing that . 
  the anger like in the op is sad , but expected and provoked . 
  no , the last one is calling for the death of pajti\u0107 . 
  scroll down . 
  but are n't borders one of the biggest enemies and hindrances to the free market ? 
  we are now almost completely in agreement . 
  good , i started losing hope already . 
  just a few remarks :  i never said anything like that i know , i was mocking serbian nationalists . 
   serbs , who managed to fight the turks and were already independent before the war are on the winning side and are looking to expand and finally get all serbs into one country . 
  the price paid for this was grave - 1 out of 6 serbs died in ww1 . 
  i believe that 's where the feeling stems from that any territorial gains after it were deserved . 
   one thing that is very often forgotten is that support for usta\u0161e went down pretty fast after they showed their true face . 
  i believe it is forgotten very often because they did not really need people 's support to do what they did . 
  i would n't be surprised if there were croatian families who were helping and hiding serbian neighbours from the regime . 
   by 1989 milo\u0161vei\u0107 is controlling 4 out of 8 votes in jugoslavia main ruling body . 
  the feeling in serbia is that vojvodina and kosovo , being back then aps of serbia , should n't have had votes in the first place , and that the kpj led by croat tito did that intentionally to raise the status of the provinces and destabilize serbia - a feat that proved successful . 
  personally , i have no opinion who is right here , but i can see where both sides are coming from . 
  just sharing this with you as you might not be aware of serbian interpretation of that ruling body . 
  wish we all had more of [ this ] ( http://www.njuz.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/zastave-021-300x200.jpg ) . 
  \u0160e\u0161elj was not in power at that time . 
  i do mostly agree with you however . 
  but please just keep in mind , somehow , that \u0160e\u0161elj had a very fertile ground there where he was doing this speech , and that stems back directly to ndh . 
  in your other post you say it was created by a small group , but its actions were by no means small , and serbs living in croatia in 1991 remembered very well what happened to them the last time croatia was independent . 
  please do n't take this as me agreeing with them , i 'm just trying to expand the background a bit . 
  funny thing is , it turned out they were [ right for being afraid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:serb_refugees_leaving_croatia.jpg ) although this outcome is also partially their own fault . 
  it , of course , also included all the territories that serbia somehow acquired during its history that were not populated by serbs , nice cognitive dissonance there . 
  sticking to it brought a lot of pain to everyone and is at the most fault for wars and the break-up of yu . 
  but i ca n't accept your premise that that policy is * only * at fault . 
  basically ever since the conception of the union state there were croatians who wanted independence , and unless i am mistaken , it is now taught in croatia that it was basically forced into union both after ww1 and ww2 , meaning it never wanted it in the first place . 
  i leave the possibility that i 've misunderstood the context . 
  however , there was a thing called yugoslavia even before ww2 , divided into regions named by rivers . 
  until croatians managed to get one called simply `` croatia '' . 
   lol . 
  there was no trend before milo\u0161evi\u0107 started with his stupid quest for power and that 's the problem . 
  no trend ? 
  what about banovina hrvatska and ndh ? 
  man , i usually like and agree with your posts , but in this thread you are coming off as neither objective nor good willed . 
  you are coming off as hateful . 
  in a mess that is balkans history you are putting the complete blame for the mess on a single side . 
  that is ... brave , to say the least . 
  this is being asked in serbia every day , but it is a false question . 
  kosovo is not an option at all . 
  eu membership is . 
  yes , they did the same with serbian forces a few months before , towns in srpska were bombed . 
  they wanted no clear winner of that war , and the monster-state was born . 
  still not sure why they 're not allowing croatian entity , though . 
  it would have make at least the administration less burdensome . 
  ouch , i was n't clear enough . 
  i was referring only to r. srpska population . 
  should have been more precise . 
  and i am in favor of kosovo independence . 
  refusing that agreement yesterday is outright lunacy . 
  including 1:18 vote `` worth '' ratio ? 
  just making sure , i want to use the numbers you 've provided elsewhere . 
  they do , but i am not sure why do you think that 's relevant ? 
  we had kosovo for over 50 years and we 've done nothing to improve it in any way . 
  maybe it 's a dream , but that 's what a ( probably huge ) majority ~ ~ on both sides of drina river ~ ~ both in serbia and r. srpska in bosnia would have wanted . 
  so the only real argument there is `` serbs lost a war so they do n't get self-determination even though everyone else in the region did '' . 
  this is very informative - thanks !, 
  one question , though - does the census data include serbs living in the north ? 
  unfortunately they did a good job of indoctrinating their childern . 
  according to polls , serbian teens are more nationalistic and homophobic than the generation now in late 20s / early 30s that remembers milo\u0161evi\u0107 rule . 
  sf and nyc are pretty high bars to set for any city . 
  this is so sad . 
  this cancer is almost completely preventable by regularly having gyno exams . 
  not really , at least in terms of intelligibility . 
  as a native serbian speaker , bulgarian sounds very close to me . 
  seen as an isolated case , it certainly makes sense ( from serbian point of view - obviously , albanians disagree although i fail to see why as the region will remain unstable for the years to come ) . 
  but seeing the bigger picture , if serbs living in northern kosovo get their border based on ethnic lines , who 's to say that albanians living in macedonia and serbia wo n't demand the same ? 
  or serbs living in bosnia ? 
  it 's a can of worms nobody really wants opened . 
  i saw some vanilla coca cola in kruidvat yesterday . 
  or was it ah ? 
  but yeah , it 's available . 
  why not ? 
  i agree that some context should be given , but there is a risk of relativizing the crime . 
  the background of a war * should not at all * justify this crime , in my opinion at least , especially because there are abductions reported as late as 2000 , well after the war ended . 
  people who had their organs taken out are not any less innocent than albanian civilians killed by serbian paramilitaries . 
  while i see your point , the existence of one crime does not mean that the other crime should be ignored . 
  with that said , kusturica is quite nationalistic and is doing this to score some points with domestic audience . 
  i doubt the movie will be filmed anyway . 
  according to the serbian constitution , kosovo is a region of serbia . 
  however , it is populated by vast albanian majority who , for all kinds of reasons good and bad , do not want to live in a serbian state . 
  thus , kosovo refuses to be a part of it .
