  maybe limit the tickets so they can only be used outside rush hours ? 
  the price is in the article , have you even read it ? 
  $ 150 euros from zagreb to paris is anything but dirt cheap . 
  and in any case , that is an added cost to the cost of the trip - you still need to pay for food and accomodation . 
  heck , $ 150 is already a third of the price of the interrail ticket - and that 's just one trip !, 
   if you have a genuine need it wo n't be an issue . 
  how do you prove you have a genuine need ? 
  who gets to decide ? 
  how do you prove the need is legitimate and who gets to decide ? 
  that is a good question . 
  regarding other costs , train prices are an issue , and accomodation is not necessarily ( camping , hostels , couchsurfing ... ) . 
  when you 're 18 you do n't really care too much about comfort . 
  due to gas prices road trips get quite expensive , especially compared to free trains . 
  you 'd have one year to use it , for example . 
  nobody for sure would expect you to go to the trip * immediately * . 
   i know for a fact that canada does the same , and i presume the european non-eu countries have some similar regulations . 
  eu countries have the same regulations towards non-eu nationals . 
  you would n't have to use the ticket immediately . 
  i pay almost exclusively by card and euro is still a convenience , as i do n't have to deal with exchange rates , bank provisions and all kinds of different just-in-case cash . 
  what 's that ? 
  bad , but not as bad as the uk . 
  most of the media are in one way or another controlled by the government , with the clear relation between tabloidness and the level of government control . 
  there are a couple notable exceptions , and those who really want to get informed , still can . 
  visas are not a problem . 
  even know , holders of irish visa that are normally not allowed in the uk are still not allowed in the uk . 
  sure , they can cross into it , but are then there illegally and suffer the consequences if caught . 
  where is the democracy in the decision based on lies ? 
  you are aware that with guilder there would also be inflation ? 
  secondly , you should really choose better where you drink your tea . 
  that is not even legal to do . 
  largely it was proven that the sudden price increases were a myth . 
  it is n't that much hassle because you pay your bank to fix it for you . 
   get a credit card with no foreign transaction fee like a normal person . 
  not everyone can get this . 
  dutch banks for example will not hesitate to reject a credit card application . 
  the brits also have no respect for spanish culture . 
  not all immigrants harass the local population , only a small minority . 
  only the money argument stands . 
   do n't think he actually did that from pvv election program : `` all mosques and islam schools closed , ban of quran . '', 
  will also apparently save some money . 
   if you come to a country and your culture is not compatible with the culture of your host country , you are welcome in my book as long as you adjust yourself correctly . 
  if you do n't then you are not welcome in my opinion . 
  this is how i feel about it . 
  how about all those brits living on the spanish coasts , infamous for only hanging out with other brits and not speaking a word of spanish despite living there for years ? 
  no , but there are many calls to kick them out , heck , in the nl itself wilders calls for institutional discrimination of muslims in the hope that will make them leave . 
  obviously , we are in the different times than the 1930s , but even nazis first tried to simply relocate the jews , and to make them leave ( by institutionally discriminating them ) , and only when all the other attempts did n't work they went for the final solution . 
   its not like hitler 2 is going to appear and take over again , calm down actually , the rhetoric is surprisingly similar in many areas . 
  what 's ... what 's wrong with you ? 
  he is right , though . 
  i deplore putin , but the fact is that generally any restrictions on trade affect the economy . 
  polish apple farmers managed to find another source of income , kudos to them , but there are many people who struggle . 
  with this said , sanctions are justified and should remain . 
  the problem is that sanctions are not due to mh-17 , but due to crimea annexation , and my question remains - what more are dutch politicians supposed to do ? 
  what are they supposed to do about it under the current circumstances ? 
  start the war with russia ? 
  get nato to declare war on russia ? 
  russia is already sanctioned , despite the fact that european economy suffers for it . 
   funny that , as i 'd still say `` nationalism and tribalism '' are , and have been , quite a bit higher in , oh i do n't know , serbia . 
  they most definitely are , but you are attacking a strawman . 
  this discussion is not about serbia , which is also not in the eu , and rightfully so . 
  it just happens to be where i was born . 
   and using the hdi as your indicator would also show that , among others , the saudis and israelis have better countries than you or much of europe , yet i imagine you 'd rather disagree with that assessment . 
  israel is a better place to live in than serbia for sure . 
  saudi is one of the extreme exceptions where hdi does n't give a full picture , i agree . 
   no , you just refused to accept that the us is better , saying instead that you ca n't agree with that because it 's a `` mixed bag '' , thereby implying that europe is both better and less of a mixed bag . 
  it is both better ( hdi list also says so ) and a mixed bag . 
  it was not my intention to imply otherwise . 
  i do think that , due to it 's specifics , there are many people who find life in europe better for all kinds of reasons , which is why i called it a `` mixed bag '' . 
   so germany acting in narrow national interests and forcing southern europe to accept monetary policies that have been demonstrably horrible for them is all well and good demonstably ? 
  i am not in this camp and am not convinced . 
  pigs economies were doing bad before the euro as well , just had a different set of problems . 
  their economies have structural underlying problems that monetary policy alone ca n't fix . 
  i do think that germany and other better-off countries should invest in poorer ones , kickstarting the economy and pushing the employment . 
  if the market is ever to be truly united , the money should be pooled together . 
  like in the us . 
   or the eu as a bloc consistently flaunting wto rules and discriminating against other nations why does n't it suffer any penalties from the wto then ? 
   or a `` one line for us , another for you '' immigration policy i do n't understand this . 
   or creating additional armies it makes sense not to depend on the us and the uk for defence . 
   but if the uk wants to control her own lawmaking and her own borders , then it 's tribalist , nationalist , and archaic . 
  it is . 
  in the globalised world , no nation is truly sovereign , and the more you want to trade with the outside world , the more you have to adapt your own rules as well to facilitate that trade . 
  north korea gets to set all their own rules , it 's going great for them . 
  re : canada , let 's agree to disagree . 
  some of your remarks are quite subjective , some are wrong ( both trump and trudeau have bachelor 's degrees ) , but as i 've never visited canada nor lived there , i do n't feel qualified to talk much about it . 
  i know a lot of people who really enjoy living there , and they are doing great on all the metrics . 
  also , i was n't the one who first mentioned it . 
  i am not saying that the eu is great , i am saying that , compared to the rest of the world , it is generally a very good place to be , as a evidented by the fact that we have to build fences to prevent people from getting in ( as do the us and australia as well ) . 
  also , as we all know very well on this sub , most of the people trying to get in are not from war zones . 
  mexico , costa rica , south africa , lebanon are all doing worse on hdi list than bulgaria , which is doing the worst in the eu . 
  although personally i hold lebanon in high regard , considering how many refugees they welcomed without throwing a hissy fit about it . 
   as is europe . 
  it definitely is , i 've never said otherwise . 
  i would even say the us is generally doing better than europe as it reaps all the benefits of actually being united . 
  so louisiana is doing better than bulgaria ( an honest comparison , worst to worst ) . 
   yeah , no . 
  huge swathes of europe have worse state support than does the us . 
  i will need some numbers for this . 
   as evidenced by the fact you think canada is awesome . 
  why is it not ? 
   why is it that vastly greater numbers of people leave europe for america when america is so much worse ?
