  i feel silly every time , doing something so futile . 
  it seems to me that the better word for * zbyte\u010dn\u00e9 * would be * prekomerno * . 
  but it 's just a guess . 
   personally i 'd go with something that signifies the removal of borders and unity . 
  that 's why i like [ this map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/63/schengen_area.svg ) from wikimedia commons . 
  nope , i am not sure if the link above is an actual sign or not , but easter poland is significantly less developed than the western part , so it needs more investment . 
   in my opinion , that statement would n't make any sense at all , even if it was accurate and not derogatory . 
  completely agree . 
  next to being derogatory and factually incorrect , the comment does n't even make sense at all . 
  it is also not true . 
  according to the 2011 census , there are 1500 albanians in belgrade . 
  no plans right now , but the mechanism would n't be pushed if there were no plans to use it . 
  i still hope it 'll never get used , though . 
  which is , ironically , exactly the same reason why the eu plans to reintroduce visas for serbia and macedonia . 
  nope , there are at least two actual underground stations , vukov spomenik and kara\u0111or\u0111ev park , both in use by bg voz . 
   a 9 year old girl wrote an open letter to h&m about there not being any video-game shirts in the girls section . 
  ( got national media attention ) i love this !, 
  hope they do something about it . 
  on our web the same image is making rounds , with belgrade instead of warsaw , 
  the second part of the article is a major news in serbia . 
  the reintroduction of the visas for the schengen area looms as there are many unjustified asylum requests coming from serbia . 
  still , i ca n't help but feel it would be a wrong decision , due to the following : * serbians generally do not overstay , or abuse the no-visa regime in any other way * almost all asylum seekers are roma , and our news do not hide that fact . 
  in the case of the reintroduction of visas , they will be blamed , and will be discriminated against even more than they currently are . 
  * it would leave serbians basically unable to travel by land , as we are surrounded by eu . 
  it would also be a major blow to pro-eu parties and organizations in serbia . 
  the support for joining is already only slightly higher than 50 % . 
   but that would require a chip reader and i 've never heard of a family that has one . 
  this is a distribution problem rather than price problem i think . 
  those things are cheap . 
  actually , what metaleks is saying us almost true - currently , there is more ( expressed , maybe not actual ) political will for eu entry among politicians than among the general population . 
  in our parliament , anti-eu parties hold maybe 15 % of seats , while in the general population anti-eu mood is over 40 % ( but still less than 50 % ) . 
  you are not mistaken , it is . 
  this page now 404s . 
  actually , according to the link below , we are 106th out of 156 nations . 
  those sweet , sweet bonus savings . 
  on the other hand , we did end up calling our version of the language * serbian * . 
   and who are you to make that decision ? 
  can you not see the staggering arrogance ? 
  sorry if i come off as arrogant - i am not making a decision , just stating an opinion . 
   people are largely uninformed because there is almost no reason to be because they have almost no say in anything well , the referendum is announced , is n't it ? 
  there 's a good reason to be informed . 
   the political system is set up to sideline the electorate . 
  this is sad if true . 
  but i do think that the need to have a referendum is a failure of the political system . 
  latin is officially recognized as a script that is being used in languages of national minorities . 
  for that to work , people need to be properly informed about the choice they are making . 
  currently , i feel that is not the case , and people will be called upon to make a decision based upon wrong or incomplete information . 
  that 's what i hate about referendums . 
  the picture date is shown at the bottom part of the image . 
  the `` summer '' image is from may , the winter image is from two months prior . 
  some of them do at least . 
  at least in prague , the amazing salary : costs of living ratio . 
   the privatization of the public health system [ :( ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/gallery/no/dwight-no.gif ), 
  it would be interesting to compare this to the same map from the last year . 
   so competitiveness is everywhere where banks are ? 
  i think it 's the other way round , banks tend to establish themselves in competitive areas . 
  severozapaden is northwest , not northeast . 
  and of course , a region bordering serbia is doing worst ... 
  fta :  but europe changed dramatically in may 2004 , with the acceptance of 10 new member states -- eight of which were former soviet union republic does n't really add to credibility of the article . 
  i do n't want to sound pessimistic , but armenia joining is such a far-away prospect that it 's barely worth talking about at this moment . 
  the opinion about enlargement in the eu is terrible , and there are people who will go crazy if a completely dirt-poor nation such as armenia is given prospect to join . 
  to preserve pronounciation rules . 
  we do the same . 
  i am not sure if i like it , it has its pros and cons . 
  i think he mentioned somewhere that he 's romanian living in sweden . 
  but thanks for the generalization , 
  * consists of 4 countries and numerous other ... entities . 
  but not in the schengen area . 
  * scotland , will have an independence referendum that will in all likelihood fail . 
  * financial services are an important part of economy . 
  * used to allow plenty of immigration . 
  as a result , cities have a very multicultural feel . 
  * london seems like an awesome place to be . 
  * they have a strange election system . 
  i would n't want to be a ukranian decision-maker right now . 
  at the first glance , it makes sense for ukraine to align with the eu . 
  but , how far can that go ? 
  currently , it is not very likely they will become members in the next several decades , if ever . 
  i wonder what kind of benefits eu can give them , short of the membership itself , that will outperform whatever russia can come up with . 
  edit : typos, 
  what do you mean by the lack of choice ? 
  16 hours + rest stops . 
  it 's also around 200 $ in gas + tolls , one way . 
  train and flight can often be less than 100 $ ( one way , per person ) . 
  me neither , but i did n't want to stand in a way of humour . 
  the language is actually easier to learn than german is . 
  less cases and genders to think about . 
  it 's not that i 'd prefer germany or austria , it 's just that they are the default emmigration places for serbians . 
  the netherlands was n't even in the back of my mind , i just have n't considered it . 
  the netherlands , while a great place , has a few disadvantages over germany and austria : * the cost of living is higher ( rent , utilities , etc. . . ) . 
  * salaries are lower . 
  * from vienna i could drive to belgrade in 8 hours . 
  from here , driving is not really an option , a flight is necessary and that takes much more planning . 
  yup , go ahead . 
  i 'm already in the netherlands , although my coming here was more through chance than intent . 
  i am happy here , and i do n't consider moving away any time soon . 
  if i were still in serbia and if i were still looking to emmigrate , i 'd probably pick austria or germany , because of their great economies and known cultures . 
  it honestly looks like you 've misread the article . 
  they are putting the blame on the employers , way more than they do on eastern european workers . 
  they argue for the stricter control of employers , eu-wide , and they are completely right .
