  also extremely corrupt and with a humongous amount of red tape everywhere . 
  on this sub , yes . 
  the general population is probably not even aware of them , with the possible exception of the euro and schengen . 
  what does that sentence even mean ? 
  but what makes you think that the state being immigrated to ends up being broken ? 
  there are people immigrating to western europe for decades now , and those countries are most certainly not broken , and are still undoubtedly one of the best places on earth to live in . 
  i would even argue that japan is maybe the only advanced economy that does not have a significant amount of immigration , and their economy suffers because of it . 
  i have never said that . 
  i have n't followed remain campaign closely . 
  with that said , i am not aware of any lies they tried to push through , but the spotlight is not on them as they lost anyway . 
  maybe because they lied less ? 
  that paints a very sad picture about the uk 's political discourse . 
  he did introduce quite some uncertainty to their lives , though , by the campaign based on lies . 
  the booing is well deserved . 
  so you replaced certain money with a potential money that will only happen if barnett formula changes , which according to most people here from the uk is n't likely to happen . 
  also , you say most people are fine with losing that funding , but i wonder if they will still be fine when the effects of that loss start being felt . 
  but that will only happen a few years down the road of course . 
  that is simply not true . 
  there are way more common interests than there are divergences . 
  each country alone , europe is a bickering mess . 
  as a single market , it is a world power . 
  well they do make uk specific cars . 
  there are definitely vetoes when the issue is important enough . 
  for example , greece solely vetoes accession negotiations with macedonia for a whole decade now due to their naming dispute . 
  i really ca n't imagine ireland being overruled on something as important as this . 
  that last statement is very debatable . 
  ireland can simply veto any agreement that would introduce actual border . 
  eu negotiatiors know that . 
  why do you think the things would be cheaper in separate currencies ? 
  i do n't see why would this be . 
  that is really sad if true . 
  it 's the rules . 
  it 's a slippery slope if we stop following them . 
  do n't forget that over 48 % of people voted remain . 
  why not both ? 
  one does n't necessarily exclude the other, 
  `` instead of * together * with the french and germans . '', 
  i think you ca n't do the former without provoking a war with the owner of the said shore . 
  the latter , yes , fully agree . 
  does frontex have a mandate to do it ? 
   time to change some laws ... what would you propose as the solution ? 
  i was not aware of all that , thank you !, 
  fully agree to giving more powers to the parliament . 
  but are n't national governments the main blockers for this to happen ? 
  why getting rid of the commision rather than the council ? 
  those wars lasted for years and were merely stopped/contained , and not prevented . 
  inside the eu , there was a total of 0 days of armed conflict . 
  somehow pax americana stops working outside of the eu borders , though . 
  ok , come on . 
  `` between member states '' is what i should have used and what i meant , in the unlikely event that was n't clear . 
   it is clear though the eu needs to improve itself to become more democratic . 
  i hear this so often , but this is so much easier said than done ( even if it is true , which is debatable ) . 
  how would you go about it ? 
   it 's been barely week since the referendum actually , tomorrow it 's two weeks already . 
   what people do know is that remaining in the eu gets you nowhere yeah , just the longest period without wars on the continent , among other minor things . 
  no , it just means that this is a lose-lose situation for both uk and the eu . 
  same in serbia . 
  it 's complicated . 
  the eu ca n't officially request any recognition from us as long as it is not united on the matter . 
  yet , some deal will have to be reached before we join , that is for sure . 
  it is being worked on , but i do n't know if it will be enough . 
  there is still much animosity . 
  personally , i 'd like it if we 'd just recognize kosovo tomorrow and be done with it . 
  the fact is , though , it would not be fair or democratic towards the people in the north who overwhelmingly do n't want their towns to be in independent kosovo , but in serbia . 
  i feel your last paragraph is true even if the country is still a candidate . 
  getting a corrupted member inside the eu is a disservice to the bloc itself . 
  also , in countries like serbia and bulgaria , it is not the highest government officials that are the biggest problem , the problem is endemic corruption that is simply everywhere . 
  that takes a lot of will and pressure to solve . 
  romania is doing great recently , and making great strides in fighting corruption . 
  bulgaria , seemingly , less so . 
   nobody can successfully and effectively tackle corruption while being on the outside of the european union . 
  being legally bound to a supranational entity is what creates the necessary conditions to deal with high level corruption which typically resides near the top of the political hierarchy . 
  actually , the joining process itself can and should be used for that purpose as well i think . 
  once the country is in , the motivation becomes hard . 
  romania being the exception indeed . 
  i just hope serbia wo n't be admitted until we completely clean our act , starting with corruption and authocratic tendencies of the current government . 
  otherwise we will indeed be another bulgaria . 
  while i do agree , there is no reason that the negotiations be put on hold during the introspection time , as the joining process itself is incredibly useful for the country and it would be a real shame for that to stop . 
  plenty of time for introspection anyway , none of the balkan countries will be ready in the next 5 years at least . 
  italy will do no such thing , check the [ top comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4r83td/renzi_ready_to_defy_brussels_and_bail_out_italys/d4z0pjs ) . 
  at least here in twente my experience is completely different . 
  if you know how to program , you 'll get a job , companies are really looking hard for people . 
  in the netherlands the market is sorely lacking it personnel , and you can get along in english perfectly fine . 
  i would hope not indeed . 
  actually they sort of do it in china . 
  one does n't just move to beijing or shanghai . 
  i fully agree that is not the best solution , but what would you want them to do ? 
  open fire if the boat does n't start turning back ? 
   honestly the internet hurts my view of other europeans more than most other things/forms of media . 
  a lot of stereotypes become facts . 
  i 'd really like to hear some examples , i 'm curious . 
  my live experience is ( almost ) completely opposite . 
  it is a very good pr for the government to open negotiation chapters . 
  personally i would have liked it as well . 
  even if kosovo does prove to be a permanent blocker in the end , the negotiations themselves act as a very desirable monitoring and corrective process for our administration . 
  do you have working class in mind ? 
  everything currently points out that they will suffer the most from brexit . 
  = 4 years and 10 months . 
  and in the west even . 
  they are supposed to have their shit together .
