  2 ) putin is , unlike milo\u0161evi\u0107 , not losing his wars . 
  first , props to you for being there . 
  a question : who is the best alternative to putin ? 
  i abhore his policies and everything he stands for , but at least in my small experience in fighting milo\u0161evi\u0107 , the opposition in serbia back then was n't really a successful match for him until we had a concrete organization to stand behind , and until that organization pushed out a person people could vote for in the elections , such as they were . 
  is there such a person or organization in russia ? 
  this is extremely debatable . 
  yes , they are certainly being both instructed and ripped off along the way . 
  on the other hand , the alternative is to let them roam freely , which would get them even more ripped off and they would again reach their destination ( norther borders ) , it would just take them longer . 
  not really . 
  it 's definitely used in central serbia as well . 
  for example , there is even a place called nova varo\u0161 . 
  thus , gipsies not being * normal europeans * . 
  ouch . 
  i really , really hate what this sub has become . 
   people were more happy before industrilization . 
  how can you even guess something like that ? 
  i find it hard to believe that people were happier in the age when it was way more difficult to have your basic needs met . 
  and if you want to live like that in this age , you do have an option to do so . 
  buy a property in the countryside , live out from your own crops , heck , cut yourself electrical and water supply if you so desire , cheaper for you . 
  just make sure then that your property is close to a river or at least a working well . 
  getting liters of water every morning into your new home to keep the level of hygiene you 're used to ? 
  should be a piece of cake . 
  even if he is a bad person ( which this article does n't prove at all ) , he was carrying a child when he was tripped . 
  it is unexcusable . 
  agree . 
  in serbia many new fathers become overweight quickly due to such upbringing . 
  the child does n't want to eat , the father gets to eat the left-overs in order to not waste food . 
  but the food gets wasted anyway , it 's just the matter of location then . 
  while that is true , there are no issues , a temporary agreement is in place . 
  the main problem is that the border is actually a wide river surrounded by swampy terrain at places . 
   l  if they were already in the eu , they would be right there with the rest of eastern europe . 
  actually , i am not so sure , or at least the opposition would not be that strong as everywhere else . 
  we host thousands of refugees already , few hundred more would not change much . 
  additionally , we 're not as ethnically homogenous as other countries and had the people from middle east already living here . 
  the sport is simply not very popular in the nl , and they are not very good at it . 
  eurobasket was getting coverage in the news while their team was still in . 
  lebanon has taken in over a million . 
  uae , according to their own claims , over 200k . 
  saudi arabia is explained above . 
  kuwait firmly said `` no '' , bahrein and qatar are keeping silent afaik . 
  what does the lack of border checks have to do with riots ? 
  also , there were riots before schengen as well . 
  it 's a long way between `` minor delay '' and `` not horribly bad '' . 
  how are you so sure it 'd be minor ? 
  during most of the time , an average waiting time on serbian land borders are around half an hour , it goes up to two hours during vacation season . 
  and if you get lucky to be selected for more thorough search , then of course for you it lasts even longer . 
  this sub seems to have been taken over by far right . 
  i ca n't imagine the mindset of a person that wants schengen gone . 
  it 's outright scary . 
  this is insanity . 
  in vacation season , and on saturdays , it 'd take hours . 
  for example , there are about 50.000 germans every saturday in dutch border town of enschede . 
  there is no control system that would process that many people in a fast enough manner . 
  again , insanity . 
  also the dutch guy below you . 
  i consider myself centrist and i am disgusted by what this sub has become in the last few weeks . 
  it is so bad that i do n't even feel the wish to attempt any sort of discussion . 
   the tram comes and signals with its ringer , people move off the tracks to let it pass and then move back . 
  this is how it works in some major places in other parts of europe as well , especially in historic centres . 
  because the media do n't really care about any of that . 
  they care about the viewership , and keeping the news and the scare of the day simple and focused on what people can see sells best . 
  people can see migrants , they ca n't see the deseases and other risks they cary , same as they can not see any potential benefits of the situation . 
   the only reason one might want to visit bosnia is just to stand there , in the middle of sarajevo 's ba\u0161\u010dar\u0161ija , and to think how the hell did this place contain many dead bodies laying in the streets just over 20 years ago . 
  but that is not the only reason . 
  i plan to visit bosnia , among other things to enjoy : * the historic centre of mostar * rafting on tara/drina rivers * amazing food * hospitality of the people looking forward to it , really . 
   i like his stuff i 've just tagged you `` likes thompson 's stuff '' . 
  congratulations on your ethnically clean 10400 km2 . 
  i understand the perceived necessity of the operation , but the fact that something that caused a forced relocation of an estimated 200 000 people is being celebrated , and by a military parade no less , is simply shameful . 
  this thread will be a shitstorm . 
  this comment will be my only contribution to it . 
   d66 - they actually do have a few opinions . 
  their first opinion is that all the money in the netherlands should be used to fund education . 
  their second opinion is that europe rocks . 
  the party i 'd vote for . 
  would n't you be depressed to lose everything you had ? 
  well you ca n't not build a border checkpoint only because it will not be needed in a few months/years . 
  if people followed the logic from that comment , there would still be two germanies . 
  i think as a continent we 're screwed if we lose unity . 
  how ever are we going to compete with the us and china ? 
  already we 're losing human potential to the us and both the us and china have higher growth than any eu land . 
  in the meantime we 're busy with tribalism and petty bickering . 
  long term , it will be the end of us . 
  how can they shut down ngos ? 
  they may cut their financing , but ca n't shut them down . 
  also , you 're totally ignoring the church , the islands and the military in your comment . 
  what have previous governments done about that ? 
  funny how that works . 
  and actually both sides are at fault . 
  rarely have i seen an issue as divisive as this one . 
  those things are not mutually exclusive . 
  sure , it is allowed . 
  so this is media overblowing things , as usual . 
  precisely the solution i had in mind . 
   it will be interesting to see what exactly these controls are . 
  random stops ? 
  the way the netherlands does it is that they sometime set up a check on roads entering the country , a few hundred meters inside , but before the first intersection . 
  those checks are occassional , but still annoying for normal citizens . 
  i am not sure just how many criminals they catch that way . 
  the police claims they catch a lot of them , but of course they 'll claim that . 
  i live 10km from the border and travel often .
