  in the last year or so serbia seems to be coming to terms with that reality , that kosovo is lost as a territory . 
  currently the problem is the northern part of kosovo , which is populated by serbs , who do not want to be a part of newly independent kosovo , but of serbia . 
  problem is , kosovo is not allowing it , and is in that supported by eu . 
  the current negotiations that failed yesterday were about the rights that serbian community will have as part of kosovo . 
  serbian side wants to have separate police , judiciary and a guarantee that kosovan army will not set foot on its territory , their reason for that being [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_unrest_in_kosovo ) . 
  kosovar side does n't want to have any of it . 
  they agree that serbian-populated areas exist as an entity , but without any executive powers . 
  it is currently uknown where exactly the negotiatons got stuck . 
  you sound so calm and down-to-earth , so you seem the right person to ask - do they expect the economy to bounce back at any time soon ? 
  ... yet . 
  that last area looks almost the same as the one close to where i lived in belgrade . 
  eerie . 
  1,5 million - just for the sake of accuracy . 
  i thought a kind of agreement mediated by un has been reached but cypriot greeks refused it ? 
   point is that neither serbia or spain allow parts of their country to secede lawfully as opposed to germany or uk . 
  now kosovo despite this tries to secede and if it is able to gain recognition thus successfully seceding , this sets a precedent for secession . 
  i now understand what you mean and agree completely . 
  in serbia issues with kosovo were being swept under the rug for decades , i am guessing similar is going on in spain now . 
   if understand correctly , northern kosovo is mainly populated with serbs . 
  another commenter suggested a referendum for that part of the country and i go along with this proposal . 
  it 's all about self-determination anyway . 
  agreed here as well . 
  however , this does not seem to be acceptable to the eu , much to the dismay of the people living there . 
   independence is spain out of fear that catalonia et . 
  will seperate too seeing as their situation is pretty similar pre breakoff . 
  huh ? 
  care to elaborate this ? 
  regarding kosovo , what do you think about serbian-populated areas of it ? 
  i got my bag searched here in the netherlands only because my car happened to be parked next to a crime scene ( some poor fellow 's car was broken into ) . 
  in serbia i think they can do that as well , i know they make drug raids in clubs where they search anyone who happens to be there . 
  currently at least there seems to be no indication that montenegro will be made to wait for serbia . 
  not all . 
  h for hungary , for example . 
  they will not be immediately joining neither the schengen area nor the euro . 
  in time , though , they are obliged to join both . 
  it means a whole bunch of things , what do you have in mind specifically ? 
   i do n't think it would be fair to stop croatia at this point , but i think it 's about time we put a hold on admitting new members from my serbian perspective : what you say sounds reasonable , but i think is a bad idea if you think about it deeper . 
  firstly , none of the current candidates is close to membership ( with the exception of iceland , but they do n't seem to want it any more ) . 
  montenegro is the closest one , and they are literally years away . 
  that should give plenty time to the eu to sort out the situation with the existing members failiing . 
  if this crisis is still raging in 2020 , maybe we should all just pack and go home anyway . 
  secondly , for the balkan countries the joining process is also a stabilization process . 
  countries are being forced to get their act together , fight against corruption , implement laws and fix relations with the other balkan neighbours . 
  putting a halt to that process would have an impact on that , and the risk is that eu would end up surrounding a handful of small , hopelessly poor mafia states . 
  also , i do n't see how our economies would survive right next to 28 tightly joined economies . 
  thirdly , it would have large psychological impact . 
  saying `` we do n't want you '' would cause a lot of resentment ( in serbia the support for accession process is already hovering only slightly above 50 % ) , and i doubt eu would have a luxury of choosing when the accession process would be continued . 
  i 'm not saying the eu would suffer much without us ( it would n't ) , but in the long run one look at the map shows admitting balkan countries makes sense . 
  knowing how difficult and exhaustig process of obtaining schengen visa is , i 'm surprised it does n't hamper this trade more . 
  a lot of people in the balkans feel that 's a part of the accession process . 
  blackmailing like this is common , considering one state being against is enough to halt the entire process . 
  what were the criteria in making these regions ? 
  population ? 
  economy ? 
  area ? 
  some of them do n't make sense at all . 
  nothing official [ here ] ( http://maps.google.com/intl/en/help/maps/streetview/learn/where-is-street-view.html ) at least . 
  still , i hope they are driving around indeed , it 'd be interesting to see serbia from that perspective . 
  not all of us think like that . 
  i 'd say those are even a minority here , but quite vocal and persistent . 
  seriously ? 
  do n't forget russians and kiev . 
  if there were any wisdom before this situation would n't exist in the first place . 
  but i have to say , vulin being who he is , he 's doing this job decently ( it seems ) . 
  he called the serbia-kosovo nego otiations `` ugly , but necessary '' . 
  he 's been given the extremely difficult job of convincing kosovo serbs to implement whatever is agreed on in brussels . 
  so in that sense , maybe someone with vulin 's history has a greater pull among that population . 
  in the meantime i remembered who 's the guy , and i agree with deusdies ' sentiment . 
  he was a cofounder and one of the more prominent members of jul - the political party of milo\u0161evi\u0107 's wife , the party known for containing most of the criminal elements of milo\u0161evi\u0107 's regime . 
  huh ? 
  can you please elaborate ? 
  actually , if the tree is supposed to be a [ serbian spruce ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/picea_omorika ) then definitely some thought has been given , as not even all serbs are aware of the species . 
  the similarity may have also been coincidental , though . 
  yes , that 's all true . 
  but i was talking about the etymology of the word `` voivodship '' itself , which is indeed the property of the `` vojvoda '' . 
  and `` vojvoda '' is ( i think ) built out of `` voj '' and `` vod '' , that have meanings mentioned in my parent comment . 
  vojna is a battle or a war , vod is a leader . 
  makes sense to me . 
  as much as i 'd like to think so , it 's just not true . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say it 's at ~ 50 % for under 40s , and 20 % at most for over 40s . 
  my impression is that it 's already begun . 
  finally . 
   hell , we even offer integration courses where we teach you about our culture , history and language . 
  unfortunately , in gemeente where i live at least , those are during office hours only . 
  which sucks , as i 'd have loved to have an opportunity to attend one . 
  other than that , as an expat here , i have to agree that nl is a good suggestion . 
  it is a good place to be , especially for it professionals . 
  i really hope they 'll do this right . 
  i have a feeling that much of the history we learn about that period is based on incomplete information at best , and plain biased lies at worst . 
   has n't history taught us that there 's no other way to declare independence when serbia 's involved ? 
  what about montenegro ? 
   yes , they did , without asking kosovars . 
  actually , by actively excluding them from the referendum . 
  do you really think kosovars would take part in the referendum organized by any serbian government ? 
  they boycotted everything since 1990 . 
  also , the status was n't downgraded in 2000s , but in 1989 . 
  the constitution from 2000s only states that kosovo is a part of serbia . 
  yes , same here . 
  but apparently , if you check zurfer 's reply to my comment , things in russia are not that simple . 
  and currently there are two major issues that i can see : 1 ) there is nothing even remotely well-organized like dos was in serbia .
