  we are getting there , no worries . 
  from what i gather in the uk at least , it is only kosher to push `` brexit will be awesome '' narrative , at least in the most popular media . 
  it is very much obvious that it is going down in serbia . 
  our prime minister , now also president-elect , was milo\u0161evi\u0107 's minister of information after all . 
  tories are not really your usual mainstream centre right . 
  they are way further to the right than other european centre rights . 
  their affiliate party on the eu level also shows that , they are not in the epp along with other european centre right parties . 
  brexit beats trump , in my opinion . 
  trump will rule for 4 or 8 years , brexit is for at least a generation . 
  so does turkey ? 
  disagree with both . 
  the first is a blanket statement . 
  for example , it is very nice that all bike paths in the netherlands are the same color . 
  i really like the fact that decision was made at a central level , and would really like us to standardise that on the eu level . 
  centralisation is not always stupid , it is sometimes very useful and optimises a lot of processes . 
  the trick is in choosing what to centralise and what to keep on the local level . 
  if those 27 are already there , and you miss the opportunity to deflate them to 1 , you are still inflating in a way . 
  so the inflation of bureaucracy is the single most stupid thing to do , as you said , but you 'd still prefer having 28 agencies doing the same thing as that would make it more difficult to lobby ? 
  how is that not inflation of bureaucracy , you 've just inflated it 28 times !, 
  why is that `` of course '' ? 
  for example the eu has a medicines agency that approves medicines for the entire eu market . 
  if that were n't the case , you 'd have 28 different medicines agencies that would have to approve things each for their own country 's markets . 
  if it replaces 27 different bureaucracies , which it often does , it 's actually a great thing then . 
   also the eu has done fuck all to fix its problems , including the tax havens within it harming other member states . 
  the eu is doing what it can in the environment where the tax havens have veto power over its decisions . 
  for example , the apple case . 
   a wake up call for the eu ... a wake up call for the eu to do ... what ? 
  it 's always easier and faster to count the votes in smaller constituencies . 
  the things is , calling early elections at a moment of power is a very common tool of authoritarian regimes across the world . 
  it happened in serbia only last year . 
  it is a very nice legal tool to increase your grasp on power . 
  the only reason you guys in the uk do n't recognize how dangerous a behavior this is , is the fact that you were lucky enough to never live under an autocratic regime before . 
  why is it picking sides ? 
  kids do n't even know they should care about skin color . 
  the hassle required for those people will remain unchanged , so if the uk is already attracting the talent from the non-eu part of the world , it will continue doing so i guess . 
  i am not sure if you 're saying that the uk needs to think even more about the talent from the rest of the world ? 
  yeah , the question is will they still want to come to the uk if they can come to france , germany or sweden with much less hassle . 
  or , if they are ready for the hassle , will they choose the uk over any other non-eu country in the world . 
  are you just copy/pasting this comment ? 
  i remember reading and replying to this exact same thing already . 
  and yet , somehow it was eu 's fault . 
  it 's not just that . 
  you 'd never find something like this in dutch newspapers . 
  well security co-operation is exactly the thing may threatens with in her article 50 letter . 
  in what world are green parties obsolete ? 
  not kidding . 
  this is simply not true . 
  there were good candidates , including beli whose movement is doing good things in their home municipality . 
  if the elections were again tomorrow , they would still not be fair . 
  not until the media is free and all candidates are fairly represented , the elections can not be fair . 
  that is not what i was trying to say nor do i think that , i 'm sorry if that 's how i came across . 
  wilders came in second is technically true , but does n't really tell the whole thing . 
  he was polling way higher until very recently before the election , and both the 3rd and the 4th party are very close , while wilders himself is far behind the 1st party . 
  there was an identity factor at play , but less than expected . 
   in the ep all parties are full to the brim of crooks citation needed . 
  although the cynical me thinks it 's probably true . 
  you are right . 
  i think it is a very hard problem to find a good balance . 
  both blanket solutions , * privatise everything * and * allow state monopolies only * are too simple and thus bad . 
   no more liberalisation of telecom , rail , energy markets ( competition is bad apparently ) it 's not bad per se , but these things are nation-wide services that propel whole other sectors of economy . 
  i am a liberal , but i am not sure that privatisation of railways for example is a good idea . 
  dutch national rail , for example , is made to operate with a profit due to these policies . 
  that means they focus on profit-making routes , while neglecting those where they make a loss . 
  this means that the service is continually getting better around large cities , and continually getting worse in lower-populated areas . 
  with worse rail connection , it is getting even more difficult for lower-populated areas to have good economy and keep their population there , so that further contributes to inequality within the country . 
  the result is a total net loss for the dutch society , even though the rail company now operates with a profit . 
  at least in the netherlands the people made a very conscious choice to continue with right wing economic policies . 
  not populism and not really identity . 
  right-wing economics . 
   neo-liberal eu can not survive in a long term , a reformed , more social eu can . 
  except people simply are n't voting for social ( ist ) parties on national level , with only a couple of exceptions . 
  how can you expect the eu to be more social when the national government consisting it are not ? 
  another serb here . 
  i hate how all our histories seem to fudge numbers . 
  the population numbers you mentioned are way off from the ones we in serbia are taught about . 
  i feel like i 've no way of knowing actual truth . 
  we need a common balkan history books . 
  that 'd at least help a lot in bringing peace into the area . 
  in any case , happy flag day . 
  edit : typo, 
  why does it take 6 months for their case to be processed ? 
  as en expat living in overijssel , i agree . 
  it can , and should be even better . 
  overijssel is struggling with all the educated people trying to move to the west , and that 's also visible in this map . 
  faroe islands are a constituent country of the kingdom of denmark , so they are not listed as they are not a fully sovereign state . 
  to make it even more fun , even though denmark itself is a member of the eu , faroe islands are not . 
  norway has a fisheries issue that it can not align with the eu policy easily . 
  and it can afford not to , as it has a bunch of oil to support itself . 
  switzerland has banking regulations issues , from what i know . 
  wiki can provide with much more details than i can from work , 
   look at switzerland or norway , if we actually get kicked out , it might not be such a bad deal . 
  careful with that . 
  both switzerland and norway have some very specific properties that make eu ( arguably ) a bad deal for them . 
  i am not sure if that 's the case with catalonia . 
  that is so beautiful , and slightly surreal . 
  i do not live in serbia anymore , but i am scared for people i love . 
  it may very well be that the new president will turn out benign , or only a mild nuisance . 
  but given his history , i doubt that . 
  not purposely , really . 
  it is an ownership issue , afaik .
