  a bunch of collected anecdotal evidence is still a good evidence . 
  for serbia ( my home country , not croatia ) they get it quite right , and so they do for the netherlands ( my adopted country ) . 
  basically , you are dismissing available evidence , choosing to remain uninformed by claiming that corruption ca n't be proved . 
  a very nice way to ignore the problem . 
   source that says corruption has a negative effect on the economy/industrial production ? 
  seriously ? 
  you are saying its not ? 
  well , here , the 2nd google hit , with 869 quotations : http://projects.iq.harvard.edu/files/gov2126/files/sdarticle-3.pdf . 
  here is what it says in the abstract :  s . in our ordinary least squares estimations , we find that a 1 % increase in the corruption level reduces the growth rate by about 0.72 % or , expressed differently , a one-unit increase in the corruption index reduces the growth rate by 0.545 percentage points . 
  the most important channel through which corruption affects economic growth is political instability , which accounts for about 53 % of the total effect  source that there was no corruption back when italy was one of the richest countries in the world and one of the top exporters ? 
  earlier it was much easier to be one of the richest countries and top exporters . 
  the world , especially asia , is catching up . 
   source ? 
  source that the existance of the mafia decreases efficency of the economy ? 
  are you trolling ? 
   but somehow it never reached a poverty level like this since ww2 . 
  source that the current poverty level is the worst since ww2 ? 
   it was always like this , never mattered in the past but somehow now it matters . 
  it mattered in the past too . 
  italy would have been doing even better had it been stable . 
  for source , refer to the article above , part about political instability . 
   source that berlusconi is corrupt ? 
  this is the 2nd time i think you are trolling . 
  the next time i will simply stop replying . 
   berlusconi governed for 9 years and managed to go from start to end only once . 
  9 years is a lot . 
   source that berlusconi was a problem ? 
  look for the article of the economist from 2001 , `` the man who screwed an entire country '' . 
  if you disagree , source that he was n't ? 
   oh yes , italians never acknowledged those problems . 
  italians i know in real life do . 
  you are apparently getting offended . 
   it actually is # 1 reason . 
  source ? 
   if you actually knew anything about italian politics , you would know that grillo is not the guy against the $ . 
  alternative facts much ? 
  https://www.euractiv.com/section/elections/news/italy-s-grillo-pushes-euro-referendum-campaign-in-brussels/  have a currency that has the right value for a country to export = / = endlessly devaluating . 
  stop spreading lies and bad informations . 
  i am not lying . 
  lira has been endlessly devaluated . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://fxtop.com/en/historical-exchange-rates.php?a=1&amp;c1=itl&amp;c2=dem&amp;dd1=01&amp;mm1=01&amp;yyyy1=1955&amp;b=1&amp;p=&amp;i=1&amp;dd2=03&amp;mm2=02&amp;yyyy2=1999&amp;btnok=go%21 )  actually , it 's a lot easire to shitf the problem on corruption ( something you ca n't measure at all ) , organized crime ( something which ca n't be eradicated from society , but only lowered ) and changing prime ministers ( which if you actually knew anything about italian history you would have realized it does n't matter ) . 
  just keep ignoring the problems if that makes you happy . 
  easier than fixing them . 
  you have no clue how much i know or do n't know about italian history . 
   please do not take any of this personally , but accepting that the $ is a wrong currency for italy is the first step to avoid a war in this continent . 
  i understand that you want some of that free eu money and that italy leaving the $ would completly destroy your dream , but it 's better than war . 
  source that it will cause a war ? 
  ( wtf ?! ), 
  what free eu money , what are you even talking about ? 
  i have at no point said that you are either lazy or cheaters . 
  in my experience with working with italians , you are neither . 
  you do have an endemic corruption problem , though . 
  you do have issues with the mafia down south , that increases inefficiency . 
  you do change prime ministers and governments too often . 
  except if the prime minister is fucking berlusconi , whom for some reason you do keep for long ( not corrupted at all , eh ? ) . 
  please do not take any of this personally , but accepting that issues exist is the first problem toward solving them . 
  the currency is not your problem , no matter what grillo says , nor is endlessly devaluing the lira very helpful . 
  if you shift the blame towards the euro ( because it is so easy !, 
  ) , you do n't fix the actual problems . 
  yes , other people in the thread pointed out the same . 
  italy 's problems begun long before the euro . 
  and they would not be fixed by endlessly devaluating the lira . 
  italy 's problems are corruption and inefficiency , not the currency they use . 
  i am as pro-eu as you get , and i fully agree . 
  finding nuance would be difficult , though . 
  how do you discern between people who are simply between jobs , and people who are intentionally abusing welfare ? 
  it 's a hard problem , but solvable i think . 
  it is not the same thing , nor is the isolationism the official british policy ( * global britain * , right ? ) . 
  having an outwards-looking policy while strongly prioritising just yourself can and does lead to conflict . 
  it simply does n't leave much room for compromise . 
  so 48 % remain voters are now represented by around 20 % of mps . 
  no need to apologise !, 
   you basically franchified the spelling , i found that really interesting , thus my reaction . 
  no , you pay until the day you are actually not a member of the club . 
  no , actually , they are very smart . 
  they got themselves into a position where they do n't have to do any work or thinking , they just vote as they are told and still get paid . 
  the easiest money ever . 
  britain first !, 
  what a horrible view to have . 
  it leads to wars , literally . 
   it wo n't be us that misses freedom of movement . 
  well you 'll either end up paying more for certain services ( plumbing , for example ) , or british plumbers will realise they ca n't charge more after all , in which case they will feel screwed as they suddenly have more work to do but still earn the same per hour . 
   trahison the best spelling of ` treason ' ever . 
   why is everyone here always so ready to see russia as the big bad boogy man ? 
  yes they invaded crimea and started a war in ukraine , i can see that as well , and i wo n't defend them doing this . 
  well you basically answered your own question here . 
  and do n't forget mh17 . 
   if anything though , this means that europe needs to step up its game and stop seeing the us as its big sugar daddy this is where i agree with you . 
  the debate has been rendered pointless on this point i guess . 
  useless to go against the voice of the people . 
  lol i like how it leaves the globalists on the sinking ship . 
  what about the * global britain * ? 
   and because they believe that ** only ** british/french people should have a say over british/french affairs ? 
  this is the fallacy , this simply can not be . 
  no country is an island in the today 's world , and making it so would ruin it unless we talk about huge entities like the us , russia or china which could maybe survive on their own . 
  less than $ 9999 from serbia , though . 
  i really wonder if that could have affected the result , and if it did , then they really sell themselves for cheap . 
  the proper test will be to see if the pro-government media will pick this up . 
  not really .
