  it 's not an excuse , or a justification , simply an explanation that should help understanding , if that is your goal . 
  i 'm very lucky my parents were n't dealing in absolutes like you two . 
  i would n't exist if they did . 
  amazon.de has an english version . 
  depending on the customs handling costs . 
  in serbian public discourse and in colloquial language , * europe * means * the eu * way more often than * geographic continent of europe * . 
  i am pretty sure it will remain so after brexit as well . 
   in 4 to 5 years , there is a high probability automatization is going to reap through the truck , bus and taxi drivers , leaving hundred of thousands without a job . 
  no way is that happening this fast . 
  10 , maybe even 20 years . 
  i think the current math is that it will have to be 5 if pvv is to be excluded . 
  in any case , not the mistake i had in mind . 
   did someone from your family help make this happen ? 
  i can ` t see any other reason . 
  actually , yes , serbian railways is still a public company , thus this is goes from the account of all serbian taxpayers . 
  including my family . 
   its not any more expensive than any other useless thing in this country , like that airplane monument a few years ago or new fountains etc. 
  the fountains have a purpose . 
  this does n't . 
  except for dick-measuring , something that normal people outgrow by 8th grade . 
   the language mistakes , if you mean stuff like `` srbsko '' that is in slovakian language . 
  no , i mean [ this ] ( http://www.b92.net/news/pics/2017/01/13/12812338875878c7ca8abf0534625742_w640.jpg ) . 
   they do n't care about dick measuring , they care about money , someone took money for this piece of propaganda from the russians . 
  i 'd wish it 's that simple . 
  they 'd take the same amount of money for any other design . 
  it 's not just a plastic film . 
  the proposed line has been run before , and was proven not to be profitable . 
  the train takes 10 hours for the trip , the bus takes 6 -  ergo , nobody will be taking that train , it is just for show . 
  in the meantime , there are actually used lines where passengers have to cope with outdated trains , belgrade - budapest being one . 
  plenty of indirect costs , having that line even attempted again . 
  i had [ this ] ( http://www.b92.net/news/pics/2017/01/13/12812338875878c7ca8abf0534625742_w640.jpg ) in mind . 
  this is all so embarrassing . 
  it 's childish , expensive , and will bring absolutely no good to anybody . 
  additionally , further inspection of the photos show that notices in the train are full of typos . 
  they do n't even care about their own language , they only care about dick measuring . 
  it 's quite a thing in croatia , much less so in serbia . 
  i had many croatians tell me we are not speaking the same language in a perfectly understandable croatian/serbian . 
  wait , this sub will now tell you that being able to inflate your currency is the solution for all the economic woes . 
  this would be worth showing to people who still think that pre-1990 yugoslavia was doing great . 
   i disagree . 
  i think it helps criminals to flee from one country to another , oh but no showing your passport . 
  wow , excellent compromise . 
  that is solved by increasing the co-operation between different countries ' police departments , not by reducing citizen 's freedoms . 
  you can apply the same logic you use further , if we add checkpoints when leaving/entering city areas , for example , that will prevent criminals from fleeing the city after a crime . 
  very handy . 
  then , next level would be different neighbourhoods within the city , why would people just go from the center to the suburbs and back ? 
  yes , it 's quite insane , the amounts . 
  although $ 4,200 sounds really a lot and i doubt it 's correct . 
  serbian media circlulated the story of $ 300 per month . 
  i really have this impression that british public discourse is about * wanting * the eu to fail , especially since the brexit vote . 
  of course , the fact that they went full-populist might seem less bad if other countries choose to do it as well . 
  let 's hope not . 
  eh ... honestly , i 'd be really happy if they 'd suddenly changed their minds . 
  wo n't happen , though . 
  accents in serbia are alive and well . 
  you can easily tell what region one is from by the way they speak , and if you know the region well , you can probably pinpoint the town as well . 
  i am not sure there is a part of the country that has `` no accent '' . 
  being from belgrade , i do n't * hear * my accent , but people not from belgrade say we definitely do have one . 
  southern parts of the country have the heaviest accents , that do turn into dialects the more southeast you go , i do n't think there is a clear point where serbian stops and bulgarian and/or macedonian start . 
  the worst accent . 
  if i had to pick one , i 'd say men from novi sad , the capital of the northern region of vojvodina . 
  the nicest accent . 
  southern accents are really nice , those that are not too fast and that are still mutually intelligible with standard serbian , ni\u0161 for example . 
  outside of serbia , i really like how people in zagreb speak . 
  they sound very cultured , for some reason . 
  that 's exactly how the terrorists want you to think . 
   it 's apparently also very much a thing among highly educated , atheist , college liberal parents . 
  i find it really hard to believe that it is * very much * a thing , but i do live far from amsterdam . 
  protectionism sucks , but for smaller economies it does make sense up to a point , especially when they are right next to a huge one such as the eu . 
  in serbia 's case , all serbian entites can easily be outbid by european ones for literally anything , and it happens . 
  our main supermarket chain is dutch/belgian . 
  our tabloids are german . 
  our gas and fuel is russian ( we have a nice fta with them as well ) . 
  our candies and ice-cream are croatian . 
  our cars are italian . 
  our food industry struggles because of imports , and it is only low pricing that keeps it afloat . 
  it is estimated that , after taxes , very little of the profits remain in the country , and that is fine , it is a prerogative of the parent companies for it to be so . 
  please do n't get me wrong , i really like that serbia is as open an economy as it is , and wish for it to be even more open . 
  the overall product quality has increased , and it 's most certainly beneficial for taxes , gdp , salaries , etc. 
  but it is definitely a net gain for the eu ( and russian ) companies , and a part of it is made up by accession budget from the eu . 
  i really think it is a fair deal for all sides . 
  i feel the eu itself is trying , but its member states do n't really agree . 
  i was just wondering where does * too big * start for the parent commenter . 
  or is it not about size at all . 
  what about india ? 
  a huge place , but still a democracy . 
  still , the parent 's view of the usa is beyond childish . 
  it was similar for brexit . 
  i have stopped believing that any other scenario other than the most populist one will happen . 
  these are awful times . 
  i normally never gamble , but the events this year will make me start . 
  i will start putting money on the political outcomes i desire less , and when they happen ( and they seem to always happen ) , at least i will have some comfort in free money . 
  i thought so too , but after talking to some chinese , bata \u017divojinovi\u0107 movies * are a thing * , especially among the older generation . 
  a lot of people , including your own government , keeps forgetting that . 
  the paper questionnaire in the plane has been abolished , at least i did n't get it when i traveled there in 2014 . 
  so that 's something . 
  the eu * is being run * at a national level . 
  no major decision can go through without the council agreeing to it , and the council is comprised of elected heads of governments of member states . 
  i really wish the will to federalise were as strong as you make it sound . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp if i select the maximum period , so from 1960 , i see that italian gdp stagnated during the 1990s , so before the euro , and then started quickly rising from the introduction of the euro to the crisis of 2008 .
