  . nl does n't have it . 
  less so than the media and politicians would want you to believe . 
  all the show and talk is for gathering votes as average voter is very anti-nato . 
  in the reality , the army is adopting nato rules and standards and every professional there will tell you that is the way to go . 
  i have met turks that think that ottoman empire was a jolly brotherhood between nations . 
  it is a vision so opposite from the one prevalent in balkan countries . 
  the man definitely lacks a vision . 
  he will go down in history as a man during whose presidency the eu lost the uk , and in the worst case scenario , as a man during whose presidency the end begun . 
  on the other hand , any fresh ideas that i 've seen so far , the people seem to vehemently oppose . 
  we have horrible demographics - the way to fix it is to either increase immigration ( bad ! ), 
  or to support young parents more ( we should maybe all go france and/or nordics way , but it is hugely expensive , thus the taxes should be increased - bad ! ) . 
  as a young parent in the netherlands , having a kid is * expensive * , despite getting around $ 800 a month from the state for it , 90 % of which goes to kindergarten . 
  our relative output is faltering . 
  one of the way to increase it are trade agreements - bad !, 
  other way to increase it is to stop austerity , start investing in infrastructure and economy . 
  but that increases debt - bad !, 
  the only way ( that i see - fresh ideas welcome ! ), 
  that most people seem to agree upon is investing in knowledge economy . 
  but that is not simple either , a lot of young europeans shy away from stem fields , and from outside we are still losing the best and smartest to the us . 
  still , it would be so nice to get someone with a vision . 
  the problem is , people do n't vote for parties with a vision . 
  and that is being enacted . 
   why does n't serbia recognize kosovo 's independence yet ? 
  personally i am for recognition . 
  with that said , it is n't that simple . 
  currently , the recognition is prohibited by the constitution . 
  until we get a new constitution , it is literally impossible for serbia to recognise kosovo . 
  secondly , there is a real issue that there are serbian people still living there that would have been left hanging if serbia is to recognise kosovo as it is . 
  thirdly , and most importantly , under the pretense of helping and financing northern kosovo the money is being stolen and washed . 
  there are millions of taxpayer euros that went there , and ca n't be traced or accounted for due to that territory being in a limbo . 
  so it is in the vested interest of the current serbian government and major criminals to keep fueling the kosovo story , making serbian people think they want kosovo back . 
  not happening any time soon . 
  the dutch voted against , it is very questionable if even the association treaty will be ratified . 
  even if it does , it will contain a clause that this does not mean ukraine is on the path of eu membership . 
  obviously , some people enjoy seeing tears . 
  there will be plenty of those if things continue like this . 
  2 million people living there that really do n't want to be part of serbia . 
  vu\u010di\u0107 is a psycho , but ( i hope ) he 's not that much of a psycho to attempt to get it by force . 
  farage 's policies are being enacted nevertheless , and that 's what counts . 
  good . 
  not that it will make nationalists think twice . 
  my eyes would pause at every ` x ' , making reading experience way worse . 
  the uk would get to keep the deal it currently has , including all the opt-outs . 
  if a50 does n't get triggered , nothing really changes . 
  i do n't think nothing really changes even if a50 gets triggered , but gets dropped somewhere along the way . 
   how on earth can we ever cooperate , when the true face of europe revealed itself and showed the contempt they hold britain with ? 
  what contempt do you have in mind ? 
  everyone is sad that the uk is leaving , that is a general sentiment . 
  if you call contempt the fact that the eu wo n't give up the 4 freedoms , then contempt it is . 
   would the rest of europe not just write us off as a nation even if we stayed no , why would they ? 
  again , everyone wanted britain to stay , and everyone knows the ref result was tight . 
   i feel that there 's no way we can ever go back to being a full and proud member of the eu you never really were a * proud * member . 
  actually , taking the pride in membership would be a great step . 
  you were also never really a * full * member , no schengen for example , but that again was/is of your own choosing . 
  actually , that is not true . 
  https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/06/03/remembering-iraq/ 54 % of british said in 2003 that the war in iraq was justified . 
  i agree with every word that you wrote , but is there currently really enough common sense and patience in the british public discourse to look at the things in such a rational manner ? 
  i doubt it . 
  very likely i 'd guess . 
  it 'd be a political suicide to go against * the will of the people * . 
  i do n't think the `` liberal elites '' are for brexit at all . 
  libertarian ones , perhaps . 
  serbian one is n't , neither is dutch , so i disagree with the generalisation . 
  til . 
  serbian one has around 50 . 
  constitutions are normally short and to the point , as they should be , they are the set of the basic laws the society agrees upon . 
  that also means that referenda about them actually make sense . 
  except that 's kapsalon really , 
  actually it has n't yet , the netherlands still has n't ratified it . 
  could 've just said so . 
  it 's short for `` explain like i 'm '' , in this case i am asking you to explain to me why is ceta bad for us as if i were 15 year old . 
  well , as far as eli15 explanations go , yours suck . 
  somebody else ? 
  i am genuinely curious why we the people should not want this . 
  eli15 why is this so bad ? 
  they know them the best i guess . 
  itt : people who have no kids and ca n't imagine the amount of housework they bring . 
  you make it sound like it 's normal , but this story is completely fake . 
  teen pregnancy is not really a choice a teen can reasonably make . 
  under-18s are not trusted to vote , but could be trusted with having a child ? 
  while technically a choice , it is definitely an issue that should be tracked and dealt with . 
  the number of female mps is indicative of female participation in political life and an absence of glass ceiling in said life . 
  i find it extremely important at least as long as a female body is a political question , as it sadly still is in many places , even in europe . 
   women in stem get paid just as well . 
  are you sure about this ? 
  as far as i know , this is not true . 
  anecdotally , but i earn more than my wife even though she has a phd and me only a master 's , and we 're both in stem . 
  actually i would prefer to keep you guys north of the wall here . 
  [ i keep coming back to this song and the band . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_2f4d6vdru ), 
  kosovo 's independence does n't have serbia 's approval , so spain does n't recognize it . 
  it 's consistent . 
  their chief economy editor is a leaver . 
  if that is true , it is appalling as it really shows their ignorance . 
  there is no way montenegro will be in the eu before the uk leaves , thus there is no way montenegro can affect article 50 negotiations . 
  i really like these posts . 
  maybe we end up with eu-mexico friendship day , 
   europe existed for centuries it was quite a bloody existence . 
  fully agree that a lottery is a ridiculous idea . 
  regarding overloading the train system , that may be an issue , remains to be seen .
