  polls show that the support for the treaty is at around 60 % . 
  it was voted for in the parliament with over 2/3 majority . 
  will they go through with it ? 
  i believe our gov ' t is being honest when they say they want to implement it , and are currently negotiating with kosovo serbs about it . 
  kosovo serbs , however , are overwhelmingly against it , and other than stopping the money flow , there 's nothing else serbia 's gov ' t can do about it . 
  if that 's solved , the deal will work i think , as it 's officially supported by all the major parties in the dispute . 
  there is a bitter taste left after this , though - being openly blackmailed by germany sucks , and so does forcing 40000 kosovo serbs to be a part of the state that they perceive as foreign and hostile . 
  it will be territorial . 
  so there will be serbian-led police in the areas with serbian majority . 
  but both albanian and serbian police will be able to arrest anyone regardless of their nationality , as long as they are in their respective jurisdictions . 
  [ the accord ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-22222624 ) , if you wish . 
  * easter is being celebrated today . 
  * whether the government will manage to persuade kosovo serbs to accept the agreement between kosovo and serbia . 
  if this is going to cut down bureaucratic inefficiencies as well , i do n't think it 's a bad idea in a long run . 
   fucking ikea wanted to build a large mall and it took 3 years to get them a permit . 
  they 've at least gotten it . 
  in serbia , from what i know , they 've given up . 
  it is being rumoured that it 's so hard for ikea compared to some other major companies because ikea has a strict no-bribing policy . 
  that 's a good point . 
  no international delivery costs for intra-eu packages . 
  i can almost see germany from my app ` t , and yet some shops at www.amazon.de attempt to charge me $ 25 for international delivery costs . 
  easier setting up shop in a different eu country . 
  to follow up on my example above , right now amazon has to open 27 local shops ( amazon.de , amazon.es , etc. . . ) , instead of a single amazon.eu . 
  i can imagine both of these effects would boost commercial activity . 
  [ belgrade , serbia ] ( http://serbiathroughamericaneyes.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/belgrade.jpg ) , a view from sava river . 
  i actually like it better than the current one . 
  less gray . 
  to be honest , i am not sure if 13k people is enough for a region . 
  on the other hand , i agree with your point that hungarian should be taught as 2nd language in schools of that area . 
  but it has to be done good , as english should not suffer - in my high school class we had a slovak from kova\u010dica . 
  he is a very bright guy , now a ta at math faculty in belgrade , however because his 2nd language education was serbian and not english , he struggled with english all the way through high school . 
  that should be avoided at all costs . 
  i think they should learn swedish because they indeed live in a society where swedish is a dominant language . 
  failing to do so results in less job and education opportunities , and that in turn leads to poverty and crime . 
  it is very nice of sweden to provide them with opportunity to study in their own language , but for the children themselves i believe it is a wrong choice to make if they plan to live in sweden . 
  so for all the good intentions , i am not sure sweden is doing serbian children a favour . 
  as a future parent , if i stay here in the netherlands my kid ( s ) will go to dutch school . 
  they will learn and speak serbian at home most likely , but i ca n't imagine them having a good life here without speaking dutch as native-like as possible . 
   it will also likely never get translated to any other language . 
  public conscience will never change regarding the hungarians in that region , the children will continue to learn that hungarians were evil bloodthirsty fascists and they deserved everything that happened to them . 
  and what happened to them ? 
  `` nothing '' . 
  that is the fate of a losing side in a war . 
  completely agree with you that it should be taught as well . 
  on the other hand , i had no clue about novi sad massacre of 1942 either until it started showing up in the media . 
  in your post above you mention a `` village '' . 
  do you consider a village an economic region ? 
  this depends a lot on how you define a `` region '' . 
  are you serious ? 
  yes , starting from $ 54,99 . 
  there are also low cost airlines : www.wizzair.com www.easyjet.com www.ryanair.com they can be a very cheap way to move around , sometimes cheaper than trains . 
  what a waste of everyone 's money and time !, 
  but yeah , if it happens , it will pass . 
  the current support for the deal is at 57 % according to the polls . 
  i do n't think so - the last time i checked obtaining the blue card requires a job offer with a certain amount of salary , and that amount is almost prohibitively high . 
  i do n't think that 's the case for canada . 
  i know , that 's how i ended up here in the nl  it did strike me as a very lenient and prone-to-abuse rule . 
  on the other hand , it is really not an easy procedure . 
  according to the ind , my case was the easiest one ( as the partner of a * kennisimmigrant * ) , and still it was a 3-months long procedure that set us back almost $ 1000 for all the fees - and all that for a visa valid for a single year . 
  then getting it prolonged for another two years costed us another $ 375 . 
  if i were turkish , these fees would be $ 50 each . 
  a job route is even harder - after my recommendation one partner company tried to hire my friend from serbia , but after about 6 months of hassle , their request was denied by ind on the basis that they did n't search hard enough inside the eu . 
  so i ca n't agree with your assessment that it is `` not that hard '' . 
  maybe it was earlier , i do n't know , but now i feel the rules are tight enough , unless they 're abused in some way . 
  are you referring to family reunification laws ? 
  but all the prices are very low . 
  i believe at least prague area has higher living standard than most of the western europe . 
  this is a very short sighted question , as `` nations facing economic difficulties '' is a fluid thing . 
  who knows what countries will be facing difficulties in 20 years and what will recover by now , and yet , culture will remain mostly the same . 
  with this said , on the balkans corruption is ingrained in our societies at a concerning level - i would name it the # 1 problem of serbia . 
  q1 : serbian is fine , that 's how we call it . 
  q2 : serbs are hospitable and usually very happy to help a foreign tourist . 
  refusing would usually not be rude unless it 's an old lady that 's doing the offering  why would you refuse , though ? 
  q3 : black tea is not common , although it 's gaining some prominence . 
  mint and camomile are the most common , i think . 
  meh , not really offensive , just gets a bit old after a while . 
  it 's not like all the other offensive things in this thread are actually offensive . 
  i 'd go with `` is that in russia ? 
  it is odd , when i try to from that village to the romanian border , i seem to enter romania without passing any border post . 
  i agree that the hairdresser 's statistic seems off , probably should have been month . 
  it is being felt . 
  my mother stopped going to a hairdresser 's completely , her sister and her now help each other with that . 
  my friend who got the job in 2008 still has the same salary in dinars as he had back then . 
  my father 's salary is also unchanged . 
  none of my friends can even think about buying a car or an appartment because the bank loans are now very hard to get . 
  my other friend who had a job in one of the banks lost it in early 2012 and is since then unemployed . 
  my cousin , a journalist , was barely able to find a stable job after years of being a temp . 
  architecture and civil engineering sectors are almost completely down , etc. . . 
  the article i took the picture from blames the crisis indeed , and i agree with them . 
  serbia is almost completely dependent on foriegn money in two ways , one being the investments , the second one being the money sent from people living abroad to their families in serbia . 
  both of these sources have been sharply dwindling since the crisis started . 
  it existed during the 1990s . 
  not after . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'd hear of it . 
  no sources in the article , unfortunately , however this is not the first time i see these numbers . 
  edit : when the crisis begun back in 2008 , the official government stance was that because of serbia not being exposed to the world market , it will remain unaffected by the crisis . 
  that proved to be wrong , as a lot of major investors are foreign . 
  indeed  fixed . 
  yeah , that seems odd to me as well . 
  they do indicate it 's a statistic for women only , but still ...
