  why would they lose any ? 
  ireland still offers the best tax laws for multinationals in the eu . 
  do you know the first thing about those countries ? 
  yes of course , let 's just call it other people 's fault . 
  `` chemicals '' . 
  it fixes an actual problem for the people and is thus a great and easy pr , the results being immediately obvious . 
  but it is also an impossible option , right ? 
  as it includes free movement . 
  the problem is that the eu 's hands are tied , it is n't that much about incompetence as it is about the fact that member governments ca n't agree on how to resolve crises . 
  and as long as the eu is dependent on member governments to agree , it ca n't , by definition , be efficient . 
  you make it sound like it 's almost all eu 's fault . 
  oh , a tlj/dreamfall fan !, 
  hello !, 
  i know , i am currently in serbia and the atmosphere is horrible , as is the public political discourse . 
  on the other hand , the population is so apathetic by know that i think they 'd swallow it after a riot or two . 
  the problem is that the recognition would be unconstitutional , so it is currently impossible . 
  precisely . 
  my personal preference is that they compete as their own entity . 
  my another personal preference is that serbia finally recognise kosovo and get it over with . 
  that is not really a good argument . 
  one could claim that 's the case due to years of mismanagement from westminster . 
  if you add kosovo , then you enable athletes from there to compete . 
  if you do n't add it , then those athletes are n't allowed to compete due to politics . 
  it tipped the balance at least . 
  that lie probably won them the referendum . 
  making fun of it is not getting old any time soon . 
  newly independent countries normally stick for a few years to the parent country 's currency , especially if the divorce is friendly , as this one would be . 
  then when they can they introduce their own . 
  scotland would not be that different . 
  the uk has an opt out for euro , scotland would probably inherit it . 
  yup . 
  where would the us be today if they had referenda in every state for every decision they took ? 
  that ca n't work . 
  i 'm guessing the way the decisions are made needs to be changed . 
  or we burn indeed . 
  easier said than done :( there are so many disagreements about this between the member states , and the eu itself simply lacks the authority to act decisively by itself . 
  so all those years of the high oil prices , and the uk was unable to make scotland viable . 
  it does make me think they are better off alone . 
  10bn a year would n't be a problem for the eu , correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think eastern members are getting way more than that anyway . 
  not really , it does n't have much to do with the eu really , the problem is in the values . 
  the serbian youth is disappointed in democracy , highly homophobic and increasingly religious . 
  there is a view that the eu would force these values out , while russia shares them , and also did away with that pesky democracy thing . 
  it 's quite tragic :(, 
  that 's not a blocker for the eu membership . 
  there are also statements saying that some sort of an arrangement could be found . 
  nobody really knows , it has n't ever happened before . 
  not having trade deals is a plus , they can just seamlessly continue with eu 's system of trade deals . 
  why would the currency be a problem ? 
  even in the worst case scenario , where scotland would have to reapply for the membership , they would do it in two years tops . 
  it 's a formality , they are already fully in line with the acquis . 
  no , not really . 
  the fence proved to be very useful , the flow of refugees has been completely diverted to croatia . 
  the serbs mostly felt insulted that there is an actual wall being built on their border . 
  both poland and hungary are ruled by right wing populists . 
  those do n't want to transfer any power away from themselves ( to the parliament or the commission ) , they want to increase their direct , often even personal , influence , and the way to do it is via the council . 
  i 'd like to focus on that too , but at this point things look so bleak it 's depressing . 
  in order for the eu to survive and to actually improve everyone 's lives further integration is needed , and additional empowerment of the parliament . 
  yet , things seem to be taking an opposite direction . 
  that will not happen . 
  the parent is stubborn even when faces with facts , but there is no reason to lower the discussion to that level . 
  leavers will simply never admit they screwed up , it 's the mindset . 
  if that 'd really happen then referendum would be a great idea . 
  but it would n't happen , check what 's just happened in britain . 
  it 's their job , and of their advisers . 
  oh yes . 
  not a single country . 
  it 's not a coincidence that bosnia , croatia and serbia are right next to each other on the men 's list . 
  well you are world champions in korfbal , that 's something . 
  that 's maybe why a casual voter should n't be directly deciding . 
  but turkey does n't have anything to do with the eu . 
  there is no way they will become a member in this generation . 
  regarding the army , the uk would have had the power to veto such a thing . 
  while it maybe was n't `` fuck you europe '' , it certainly was `` fuck you eastern europe '' . 
  there are easy to get visas for academics , as there should be . 
  it preserved the possibility to do so . 
  worldwide , the immigration rules keep getting tougher , but not intra-eea . 
  but it is very very questionable whether you will reinvest it . 
  all the money that currently goes to the eu is promised to the nhs , and since that is obviously not happening , it is still debatable where it will go . 
  currently , for research , the uk gets around 3bil more than it contributes . 
  if you stop funding everything , your research is short of 3bil , immediately . 
  not to mention pissing of your future negotiation partners , but that is beside the point . 
  also , you are not officially frozen out , you are being softly discriminated against . 
  i can imagine it being difficult to decide to finance the institution that might not be eligible in 3 years . 
  on the other hand , the uk is still a full-fledged member of the eu . 
  there is also a personal level , for sure . 
  you basically pointed your finger at the rest of europe , clearly saying you do n't want to be a part of the team . 
  some people here in holland definitely took it personally , and in the end , people deciding who the grants will go to are human as well . 
  it should not happen , especially in the scientific community , but for sure it does . 
  lose-lose . 
  for everyone . 
  well , not for putin , he now has a weaker eu to deal with . 
  but is n't all that money already planned for the nhs ? 
  on a serious note , i do agree that it 's not really fair . 
  on a scientific level , though , the uk is a net receiver , and deservedly so , the universities there are fantastic . 
  people did warn this will happen . 
  but yes , project fear ... what a terrible lose-lose situation this is . 
  it 's hard to say for the netherlands , the polls are unreliable . 
  lately people voted against the agreement with ukraine , but the turnout was only 32 % with about 2/3 of those voting against . 
  judging by the comments on nu.nl , one of the most visited general news sites , the euroscepticism took some hit after brexit . 
  not sure how relevant that is , though .
