  i 'd mind very much . 
  the drug smuggler problem can and should be fixed in a different way . 
  actually , this entirely depends on how good your intel is . 
  back in 1999 , i saw a building destroyed by a missile , with a building next to it entirely undamaged . 
  so they can be very precise if they want to . 
  i have a feeling * cura * is falling out of use , at least on serbian side . 
  also . 
  so if you want to write `` a hundred tables '' , it 's * sto stolova * . 
   oh it 's europe 's fault that africa is a mess is n't it ? 
  well , umm ... 
  y' all are overcomplicating it . 
  * sto * in serbian , 
  and to follow up on that , a ( good or bad ) grade in school is * ocena * in serbian . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  if you do , it 's a very nice reply to about half the posters here . 
  except you did not correct me , you accused me of fabricating things . 
   you fill the same for vwp , just online you obviously have no idea what you are talking about . 
  visa application form is also filled online . 
   similar for vwp this is not true in two ways : 1 ) in the case of vwp , you only pay a full sum if the esat application is approved . 
  so , not similar at all - for b1 visa , the full sum is paid regardless of the application outcome . 
  2 ) in the case of vwp , the fee is $ 4 + $ 10 in the case of successful esat . 
  thus , $ 14 . 
  that is an entirely different price range from the b1 visa application price that is $ 160 . 
  so again , not similar at all . 
  you also neglect travel costs for the trip to the embassy . 
   the rest you listed are optional and 90 % of people can do without . 
  no b1 visa applicant will risk his/her application being denied because of an optional document missing . 
  one always tries to get as many documents as possible that support the visa application . 
   advantage of b visa is that it 's for 10 years and you can enter for periods longer than 90 days ( maximum for vwp ) . 
  i have a colleague from india who is in us for 9 month on b visa . 
  hence the extra scrutiny . 
  your indian colleague is an exception - people entering on b1 visa usually get a stamp limiting that single entry to 6 months . 
  that is still far more than necessary for the most common tourist trips , so the advantage is negligible . 
   i think it was more of a miscommunication in the language than trying to fabricate something . 
  it seems so . 
  i certainly did not mean that there are special lines for the british * regardless of where they 're traveling to * , but that there are special lines for the people travelling * to britain * , those people being , surprisingly enough , mostly british . 
  i feel that anyone discussing in good will could have seen what i meant , but as i am not a native speaker , i am not sure . 
  one could argue that that is a very narrow view . 
  in order to get to the uk , all the immigrants ( in the end , there are n't that many of them ) have to get to france , and in order for them to get to france , they have to ilegally cross the schengen border . 
  as it is , you let the schengen countries do most of the work for you , and then still complain when some pass through . 
  would n't it be better and more efficient if the uk is to join schengen and the efforts to protect the schengen borders , thereby helping not just itself but the entire continent ? 
  i see british people queueing on airports waiting for the border check while everyone else just passes and it baffles me that people there find that acceptable . 
   also , what is the problem with b1 tourist visa ? 
  1 extra trip to embassy ? 
  are you serious ? 
  among other things , these documents are required : * a huge form that takes about an hour to fill in , including such questions like `` are you a terrorist ? '', 
  * a copy of your bank account history with visible income * a memo from your employer that you do actually work there , are allowed vaction on the specified date and that your salary is as specified * a copy of your employment contract * a proof that you own real estate ( if any ) collecting these requires your time and your employer 's time . 
  if you 're unemployed , no visa for you . 
  if your contract ends soon , no visa for you . 
  if you 're a final year student , no visa for you . 
  if you 're self-employed , good luck proving your income . 
  additionally , you need to pay $ 160 for the application regardless of its outcome . 
  then add travel costs to the embassy , and the day off you have to take to make the trip ( unless you live in a capital ) . 
  it is quite a burden and is very discouraging , which of course is the intention . 
  to make it clear , this is all for a normal tourist visa . 
  actually , croatians sort of played along . 
  which makes the sentence even worse . 
  did you blame the ns ? 
  not sure why are you getting downvoted . 
  compared to what eastern european countries went through in the 90s , this is still not bad . 
  they should get their act together while they still can and have outside support for it . 
  are we talking about the same thing ? 
  i am talking about the journey over the mediterranean sea in a crappy boat that one may or may not survive , followed by smuggling yourself in trains and trucks , stuck in tiny compartments for hours . 
  are you talking about something else ? 
  i , or the parent comment , was n't talking about what they get once they 're in , we were talking about the difficulties of * getting in * . 
  what you say they 're getting is really insane , but i think that 's very specific for norway . 
   as a legal non eu citizen who paid an awful lot of money and who went through the correct channels this kind of irks me . 
  i know it should n't but it does . 
  speaking from the same position as you : whatever we went through to get all the papers right , however inconvenienced and stressed we were , these guys had it much worse in pretty much every aspect . 
  the fact that many in this thread seem to disregard . 
  they definitely do n't just round up , they also round down . 
  interesting , that for aldi , did n't know that . 
  here in the netherlands the prices themselves are not rounded , unless you pay cash , in which case you may end up spending more ( or saving ) up to 2c . 
  if you pay by card you pay the exact sum . 
  it 's really not a big deal . 
   eu through its commisioner johannes hahn supported the government in what way did he support the government ? 
  luckily , that 's not how it always works . 
  the distinction is clear . 
  add costs for getting to and from the airports to that $ 112 . 
  in the end it 's more like $ 125 . 
  your point still stands , though . 
  but for me , living in twente , train was cheaper and faster option to get to berlin . 
  $ 70 round trip , 4h30 each way . 
  there is a sizeable ethnic turkish minority in bulgaria . 
  heh , i already use none of these except adidas . 
  they make the best value volleyball shoes . 
  do you really think that conscription improves defense capabilities for small nations ? 
  they depend on larger allies with or without , yes , violating personal freedoms and stripping away months of their citizens ' most productive years . 
  also , do you know the costs of the conscription ? 
  that 's what taxes are for . 
   i do not think that the overall population changed that much though - it 's still pretty reddit-y , but i can see how someone can get that impression . 
  i see the insistence and i deeply disagree with his argumentation and opinions ... 
  you do mention the entire sub of / r/serbia in the comment . 
  that goes beyond just him , or the mod team , then . 
  anyway , i opened the thread about this in / r/serbia . 
  i do n't expect it to be pretty , but let 's see . 
  as a member of / r/serbia , i ca n't believe we 're standing beside / u/crnaruka . 
  what is wrong with us ? 
   but i 'd agree that most other europeans want the uk out . 
  that may be the impression you 're getting from this sub , but it 's very far from the actual state of the things .
