   living in a country where russian is n't an official language an argument could be made here that this by itself is a discrimination of your russian-speaking population . 
  while i agree with you that they should learn estonian , their language not being recognized on a state level is an issue , to me at least . 
  northern serbian province of vojvodina has 6 official languages . 
  other european countries have similar set-ups . 
  why does it seem to be different in the baltics ? 
  i do n't think that 's likely as long as serbian minority is reasonably left alone . 
  additionally , there 's a good chance that eu accession treaty will contain a clause that we 're not to interfere with kosovo . 
   the constituton can be changed , i 'd guess . 
  it can . 
  that requires two thirds of the parliament member votes , and then it needs to pass a referendum . 
  in order for it to be successfull , the referendum requires over 50 % of * the total amount of voters * to vote yes . 
  as you can imagine , even if political parties agree , getting 50 % of a total population votes would be extremely difficult . 
  one day it will be possible , but we are not there yet . 
  on the other hand , the progress made during the last year is amazing by itself . 
   they still recognised it in 1972 , which improved the german-german relations and it was a win for both sides since other nations recognised them . 
  indeed , german-german solution has often been mentioned as a possible model for serbia and kosovo . 
  it would be good enough for me . 
  but that took 28 years , serbia and kosovo are now at 15 or at 6 , depending on how you count it . 
  this is recognized for serbia 's accession process . 
  the chapters dealing with corruption and judiciary will be among the first ones to be opened and the last ones to be closed . 
  i really hope that this time around it will work better than in romania 's and bulgaria 's case . 
  for serbia 's own sake . 
  recognizing kosovo is made to be extremely difficult for any serbian gov ` t , as it is against the constitution . 
  the best thing that can possibly be expected from serbia in the near future regaring that is co-operation and non-interference . 
  same ol' argument , still wrong . 
  how do n't you people get tired of it ? 
   when their own salary is decreasing because of new workforce ? 
  eh , this is questionable . 
  while the salaries would probably be higher if it were n't for the cheap ( er ) foreign market , think of all the companies who 'd fail because they would n't be able to afford expensive domestic workforce . 
  maybe companies would even outsource whatever can be outsourced to east asia even more in that case . 
  italy and spain over $ 2k both ? 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i was led to believe the situation in those countries is much worse than it apparently is . 
  hello . 
  that 's definitely * not * what the guides tell on schoenbrunn tours . 
  interesting . 
  not that the paper money is the most convenient tool nowadays . 
   i ca n't just get in my car and drive to brussels . 
  you can just sit in a train , though , and you 're in brussels in no time . 
  and for that you do n't even need a driving license . 
  is that that much different ? 
  copenhagen criteria are n't the only thing that matter . 
  it is also very much a political decision . 
  you two pointed out exactly the two oddest dutch male fashion habits that i noticed when i first got here  still , i definitely had to upgrade my wardrobe once i got here just to look normal . 
  but that makes total sense . 
  i do n't see what the debate is about then . 
   slavic faces do n't make a male face attractive , the western/northern euro facial type does . 
  there is also a factor of grooming and taking care of oneself - eastern european men dress worse and take less care of themselves . 
  that is possibly the biggest cultural difference between my home and adopted country - in serbia women dress well and care how they look , men do n't . 
  here in the netherlands , it is generally the other way round . 
   social conservative , or at least used to be . 
  used to be . 
  gay marriage is now legal in portugal , and so are many drugs that are illegal elsewhere . 
  european governments * do not * take in unskilled migrants . 
  sweden freely takes in syrian refugees , and is literally the only eu country doing so . 
  all other countries mostly refuse their asylum requests . 
  as a non-skilled migrant , it is all but impossible to get eu work permit , except via asylum request or family reunification . 
  the former is really difficult to do , and the latter works only for the closest family members . 
  the fact that this is getting upvoted literally disgusts me . 
  what happened to this sub ? 
  so if i 'm reading this correctly , eastern europe is slowly catching up ? 
  that 's quite optimistic . 
  this benefits no-one . 
  even the uk tourist visas are hard to get and are very expensive . 
  i refuse to pay $ 100 and take a day off work to deal with the embassy just to be able to visit . 
  yes , but j_anuary 's post sounds like he thinks uk is breaking , or not enforcing , certain laws . 
  they are not , the uk is completely following and enforcing eu rules here . 
   s\u00fcdost europa it 's a pc term for the balkans . 
  it 's often used in our media , mostly when they translate foreign politicians ' statements . 
  while greece is technically included , i do n't think it really is in the minds of the people who are using the term . 
   it has been a long time that great britain does not enforce the freedom of movement officialy granted in all the european union , and so curb the immigration . 
  huh ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  there are also wizz air flights from dortmund to belgrade for as low as $ 100 for a return ticket . 
  you are speaking as if the external devaluation is a good thing , while that 's basically robbing your own citizens blind . 
   the official reason is the boogeyman - a.k.a illegal immigrants . 
  actually , the reason given in the dutch media was mostly about unresolved issues with organized crime and corruption in bulgaria and romania . 
  that may very well be , of course . 
  this is more about my personal feeling of safety which may or may not have to do with reality - but when i am on a vacation , i do n't want to give * an ounce of thought * about whether a wrong person will hear my accent , or if whatever i do will be interpreted as looking for trouble . 
  about 1 in 10 people i know that went to croatian seaside had issues one way or another . 
  i do not need that in my life , especially on vacation . 
  istria is the most cosmopolitan part of croatia due to a mix of cultures . 
  it was italian for a long while . 
  as a serb , it is arguably the only place on croatian seaside where i 'd feel safe . 
   so why would n't i assume most serbians are ? 
  that you do n't need to assume , that 's a fact . 
  but assuming that a particular serb you are talking to is anti-gay is a bit discriminatory , at least imho . 
  nvm , though , no offense is taken . 
   i 'm glad you 're not anti-gay . 
  is that something you 'd post on your facebook status , for example ? 
  definitely , i 'm vocal about my opinions on that . 
  [ this ] ( https://scontent-b-ams.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/300538_10150302534422750_1244131986_n.jpg ) is the profile picture i normally use whenever there 's a public debate about gay rights . 
  not sure if i 'm supposed to be offended at the generalization . 
  i am fully pro lgbt rights , up to and including child adoption , so i really have nothing to cope with in that sense . 
  with that said , here in the eastern nl it is very rare to see an openly gay couple , not sure why . 
  i agree . 
  but i dare you to say that in a new , still visited thread . 
  you 'll get a bunch of croatians telling you it is n't so , and probably get some downvotes for good measure . 
  but so many places that historically were parts of his country are not any more . 
  because once the membership is achieved , the motivation for reforms becomes less .
