  umm , does royal * dutch * shell ring any bells ? 
  i 'd like to see this . 
  everyone 's seen big ben , but i 've no idea what a regular guy 's regular day in london looks like . 
  ah , the wonders of direct democracy . 
  would you then be ok if for any referendum , there would be 3-4 basic questions about what is being voted on on the ballot , and only if they are answered correctly the vote is valid ? 
  on the previous referendum , there were people voting who did not know the first thing about the treaty , ukraine or the eu . 
   as long as you have a society that values money and freedom over everything else , giving people more money wo n't actually make them have more kids . 
  they 'll just use the money to buy more fun stuff . 
  this is not entirely true . 
  additional money grants you a possibility to offload child care to somebody else ( kindergarten , nannies , etc. . . ) , and even better , it lets you choose when you want to do it . 
  the costs of these things make a massive dent in average family 's budget , and heavily influence the decision of having a ( nother ) child . 
  it would help enormously if these costs would be significantly offset by tax breaks . 
  it says that the quality of said control is poor . 
  which it is . 
  for air transport it 's reasonable , but using ground transport it is really easy to smuggle anything from serbia to hungary , also thanks to extremely corrupt hungarian border guys ( not the case with croatian and romanian guards , apparently ) . 
  there is still freedom of movement . 
  being part of schengen simply means there are no checks on the border . 
  but even with the checks , they ca n't deny access to someone based on the ethnicity . 
  not really . 
  in a scenario where romania enters schengen but bulgaria not , nothing will change for the migrants - the border on the danube river will remain , and is extremely difficult to cross . 
  in a scenario where both romania and bulgaria enter schengen , the border with turkey remains , and it is already heavily secured by bulgaria , migrants do n't go through there . 
  it will be easier to smuggle vans of people , for example , but a whole bunch of migrants just walking unchecked through bulgaria and romania is not a possibility , again , due to there being danube . 
  it is not a small river . 
  also , unofficially , bulgarian police treats migrants horribly and makes sure to demotivate them to go there . 
  otherwise , they 'd attempt that route earlier , several borders less to cross and one hungarian wall less . 
  the difference is huge !, 
  to get an actual visa , you have to go in person to a prescheduled interview in their amsterdam embassy , and collect a whole bunch of papers that prove your financial stability . 
  oh , and then pay 130 $ or so . 
  funny that you mention romania , as they are making quite some strides in fighting corruption recently . 
  bulgaria is a way better example , if you are looking for a negative one , as the situation there is still dismal . 
  * visible serbs . 
  the nationalistic ones will tell you about their serbness , gather in nationalistic topics , turn / r/serbia into a shitposting xenophobic sub and show up in any remotely related topic in / r/europe . 
  the normal ones simply care way less , and participate in discussions elsewhere . 
  this was the case for all the eastern european countries that co-operate with the eu , why would not it be for ukraine ? 
  a layer of checks and balances ca n't hurt . 
  it is just questionable how stringent the eu will be in implementing those checks . 
  the answer to that really depends on your definition of `` a rich , developed , modern country '' . 
  fully agree , you are right . 
  it was a personal poke . 
  i 'd like to see that video . 
  i do remember the quotes . 
  it 's not whataboutism when it relates directly to the guy 's user name . 
  bad blue boys are infamous , extremely nationalist , football fans of fc dinamo . 
  it 's a un institution , so hopefully it will be un money . 
  because he , even though not a criminal , is still a horrible person . 
  * glorified * is too strong a word . 
  his party is getting 5 % of votes on the upcoming election , tops . 
  less than that , probably , although this verdict might give them a boost . 
  i agree with what you are saying . 
  the eu is a perfect scapegoat , that is one of the reasons cameron officially supports remain . 
  on the other hand , the promise of the referendum helped him stay prime minister . 
  i do n't mind that the brits will get that referendum out of their system , although i do worry and would wish it has never reached that point . 
   the chances of ukraine joining the eu once this treaty is signed improves significantly no it does not . 
  at this point their chances are almost nil either way . 
  even if the negotiations start ( and they are at best * years * away from it , macedonia for example became an official candidate 11 years ago but still has n't opened negotiations ) they can be blocked and/or frozen at any point , by any member state . 
  this referendum is pointless and many people will be casting their vote for a different question entirely . 
  they used the eu as a scapegoat for far too long , that lead to the referendum in the first place . 
  so the submission title is actually opposite of the truth ? 
  actually , some of the eastern countries were on par with scandinavia , portugal and spain before communism . 
  speaking as if this is an official eu response . 
   i would say cyrillic is way better suited for slavic languages than any type of latin-based script . 
  latin is also suited perfectly , it is just that polish uses it in a really weird manner . 
  for serbian/croatian , the usage is i would say almost as optimal as it can be , barring * nj * , * lj * and * d\u017e * , but the cases where this creates an actually ambiguity are extremely rare . 
  i would argue that serbian/croatian use both alphabets more optimally than most other languages , but that may be simply because we standardized it so late . 
  it is just amazing how many people do n't hear the difference . 
  italians , for example , do n't get the difference at all . 
  you can say * \u010dao * or * \u0107ao * , to them it 's the same , while their * ci * sound is indeed something in between . 
  on the other hand , for me it is really difficult to hear the difference between dutch * ui * and * ou * vowels , so it goes both ways . 
  they speak english when asking you for something , but assume you can and want to speak russian ? 
  yes , but that 's not what i said , i said that it 's still very spread among youth , which it is . 
  way more so than in most other places in europe . 
  in serbia at least homophobia is very spread among teenagers as well . 
  it definitely leaves no hope for the future . 
  \u010cr is not as isolated , though , so maybe it is different there among youth . 
  vast majority of the population is in europe , though . 
   discuss . 
  they are comparing the one country who fared well in the 2008 . crisis with everyone else , of course it is going to look bad between 2008 . and 2014 . 
  what is exactly new information here ? 
  how do you explain the period between 2000 and 2007 then ? 
  the downfall had more to do with the crisis , and less with the euro specifically . 
  countries without the euro suffered as well , check croatia for example . 
   personally i will also vote no , not necesarilly against ukraine but primarily to make a statement against the eu . 
  this is such a wrong reason . 
  you will be punishing progressive , anti-russian forces in ukraine , in order to give opinion on something the referendum is n't actually about . 
  for all the voc mentality so many people here pride on , i find rejecting a free trade deal very surprising . 
  days . 
  do n't worry , uk is not in the schengen system . 
  they will still not be able to travel to the uk . 
   the finnish border is not closed at all this is quite amazing , for a schengen border . 
  how come it is not massively abused ? 
  and i do n't have just refugees in mind here . 
  yes , that 's why they negotiated with cameron and provided a multitude of exceptions and opt-outs to the uk . 
  because they do n't want them to stay . 
  same here . 
  it also makes my head hurt a bit . 
  and that 's as good as it can get for them . 
  not a perfect european dream really . 
  it may be a ( vast ) improvement when compared to what they left in their birth countries , though . 
  if that were n't the intention they would not have introduced the concept of a schengen visa - they would have simply remained national . 
  precisely , i know what i am talking about  up until 2009 we needed schengen visas .
