  however , if ukip won the general election and pulled the country out without a referendum , i 'd be ok with it . 
  still sad , but more ok with it than i am now . 
  i did miss the * manifesto pledge * part of your message , you have every right to be angry . 
  i would 've been angry at blair , rather at the eu , though ( unless you expect the eu to be a watchdog for national parties fulfilling their election pledges ) . 
   the lisbon treaty was an exercise in the circumvention of democracy eh , it was done in the end by elected representatives . 
  but i guess we wo n't agree there , 
  thanks for sharing that history , i was n't aware of it . 
  it 's a real shame that you 've constantly been lied to . 
  it makes the result even more tragic , as you 're now left alone with the same parties that had lied to you . 
   it certainly does , but i see no way to create one with the exception of actually waiting for people who solely/firstly identify as european and not insert nationality to grow much larger . 
  i think people voting for eu-wide parties at the eu elections would help . 
  imagine for example an organised european socialist campaign all over the eu , speaking about continent-wide issues . 
  that would maybe help . 
  is it really about the lisbon treaty ? 
  is an average ( leave ) voter even aware of it ? 
  it was about migration , and blair 's mistake was not to make use of 7 years of waiting time for people of the new member states . 
  question , are the money and debts shared in your vision of such an organisation ? 
  if so , there would n't be germany/greece issues you are referring to . 
  that 's delusional ... 
  but that is what people are voting for . 
  all accross europe people are voting right wing , of course that the supranational organisation will be right wing as well then . 
  the eu also does a lot on environment and consumer protection fields , though . 
  btw , a left-leaning brit , it must be hard for you these days . 
  or do you really think the tories will be better for average worker than the eu would have been ? 
   it 's got to be done with democracy and liberty the lack of these is not the fault of the organisation , but of the member states . 
  as long as the council pulls the strings behind the closed doors , the eu is both undemocratic and powerless . 
  but that is the wish of the member states - the council is simply member states ' leaders joined together . 
   if you want to have tough immigration laws you have to leave the eu . 
  you can have as tough immigration laws as you want , but they should not apply towards fellow member states . 
  that your previous governments approved , knowing there will be freedom of movement with them . 
  you are aware that all the main decisions in the eu are made by the council , which is nothing more than all the member states ' leaders together . 
  it is * the * point of the democratic deficit , but member states do n't want to let it go . 
  so i wonder who are those eu leaders you speak of ? 
  the commission ? 
  the parliament ? 
  while humans are extremely different from each other , those differences do n't have much to do with ethnicities or nationalities . 
  as someone who is in a very international environment , i 've come to realise that we are all just people . 
  my personal opinion is that abusing welfare is the point where there should be limits on the freedom of movement . 
  the eu was also flexible on that , i think that is one of the things cameron successfully negotiated before the referendum . 
  it would not be easy to define what abusing welfare actually is , though , but i do think it should be done . 
  not really . 
  there will be more people working to achieve the same result . 
   free movement of labour is not for the benefit of labour . 
  should n't you leave that judgment to the laborers themselves ? 
  they are there by choice , nobody is forcing them to be there . 
  also , there are ways to enforce fair pay other than blocking migration ( which is debatable if it will work , but brexit will be a nice experiment i guess ) . 
  minimum wage laws , for example . 
  it is not just about free trade . 
  i am sure that eu and the uk will have some fta in place in a decade or so , and maybe even some transitional agreement will be reached . 
  it is about a full single market , and you simply ca n't have one without free movement of people as well . 
  otherwise you get 2nd rate citizens in such a market , and then the entire thing sort of loses the point . 
  you basically tell those people , we want your money , but do n't want you . 
  so it is a bit stretched to claim that it is about ideology . 
  in the end it is , but the ideology is to keep all the people within the single market equal . 
  if they drop that , the union as it is now is gone . 
  so it is a necessary consequence of the brexit vote . 
  funny how we are now normalising what used to be called a * nuclear * option . 
  brexit itself is exactly such a scenario . 
  there is no way this can be a * victory * for either side . 
  it is now about minimasing losses . 
  it is really telling that we had to fortify monasteries like this . 
  may has a high approval rating and she did nothing but suck up to trump so far . 
  the only conclusion is that the guy also has a high support of the british , otherwise may 's support would be down . 
  she 's literally the first foreign leader to shake his hand . 
  that hand that 's ... been places . 
   brexit : all the polls said no way . 
  what makes you think this ? 
  the polls were actually very close . 
  thatcher would have never lost the referendum , even if she 'd allow it in the first place . 
  may feels like a pale shadow , an incompetent wannabe copycat . 
  italy 's problems begun long before the euro . 
  and they would not be fixed by endlessly devaluating the lira . 
  italy 's problems are corruption and inefficiency , not the currency they use . 
  nope . 
  it 's a lose-lose . 
  from the readable part , the article is about something he said in july, 
  how would such an alliance go with all the brits who have just voted for sovereignity and taking back control ? 
   simple trade deals there is nothing simple about modern trade deals . 
  the two things you are mentioning are often mutually exclusive . 
  if you have a 5 % threshold ( in serbia we do ) that means that some of the votes will not make it to the parliament . 
  say , you have 3 parties that won 4 % each ( happens often ) , that is 12 % of votes that do n't make it to the parliament . 
  so 88 % of the votes are actually being counted , meaning that the party that has over 44 % of votes has over 50 % of power . 
  what scares me a bit is that the country is totally dependent on vvd to keep their promise not to co-operate with wilders . 
  even if they mean it now , i wonder if they will stick to it after some months of attempting to agree on a 5-party coalition . 
  it 's almost like they want him to succeed . 
  scary stuff . 
  maybe then their own choices will seem less bad if other countries screw up as well . 
  here , a template reply that should keep serbian people quiet in discussions like these :  vu\u010di\u0107 . 
  these are nice intentions , but as they want to protect the integrity of their immigration system , the eu will want to protect the integrity of its customs zone . 
  chances are that there will be one single solution for these two issues . 
   it 'd be the eu taking a hardline stance if a border was set up and free movement removed . 
  i ca n't imagine that happening . 
  on the other hand , those are going to be two customs zones , so some solution for controlling what goes in and out will have to be found . 
  yet you solely leave the possiblity of a single side fucking you over . 
  why do you put all the blame on a single side only ? 
  if the uk has n't decided to leave , and thus renegotiate its relationship with ireland , among others , ireland would not be in this situation now in the first place . 
   one act does not justify the another . 
  he did n't say that , nor did he say it 's an excuse . 
  he said it * explains * the actions , and it does that . 
  there was definitely a fear component in croatian serbs ' refusal to be left alone in an independent croatian state .
