  this is a broad generalization , and mostly untrue . 
  at least in serbia , by the time we 're 18 only some girls know how to cook and almost none of the guys . 
   we 'll wrap up the baltic states in the next decade or two . 
  i was about to ask what about balkan states but then i realised that balkan is probably what you meant here . 
  back in 2008 i used chinatown bus to get from nyc to dc and back . 
  it was comfortable , punctual , and the price and the pick-up locations were reasonable . 
  i 'd ride them again . 
  i remember using a qr code on my mobile as a ticket . 
  eh , you 'd be surprised . 
  ( fictitious ) serbian-russian friendship is one of the staples of serbian ( ultra ) nationalism . 
  russian non-responsiveness to alleged serbian plight during the 90s is explained by a bad russian leadership at the time . 
  in the meantime , all the polls in russia show that russians do n't really spare us that much thought . 
  yes , but your point ignores the will of the majority . 
  you talk about 25 % of crimeans that want to remain with ukraine , i 've provided the example where the will of 45 % or people was ( rightfully ) ignored . 
  montenegro seceded from serbia under eu brokerage with the required referendum threshold of 55 % . 
  yes vote got 55,5 % , thus 44,5 % of people were against secession . 
  it was still allowed to happen , and immediately recognized by all parties . 
  so there 's that . 
  i live here for 3 years now and you are the first dutch person i 've interacted with that is aware of the concept of green waves . 
  i honestly thought they never existed here . 
  driving around enschede and hengelo , i have yet to encounter one other outside the late night hours . 
  where there are traffic lights , they take painfully long ( and people take several seconds to actually move once the light is green ) , so given that , i prefer roundabouts . 
  if you ca n't deal with russia at her worst you sure do n't deserve her at her best . 
  i do n't believe in mentalities . 
  would you rather have an intersection with endless traffic lights instead ? 
  you missed valinor and mordor . 
  i can , but have yet to do it - russia is far . 
  i have the idea to cross russian-finnish border completely visa-free , as i hold one of the few passports that can do such a feat , 
  because of the single market . 
  if legislations about the box look were to differ from country to country , what 's there to stop someone just selling cigarettes meant for other country with a less strict legislation ? 
  despite the popular opinion , elections in serbia during the 1990s actually existed . 
  they were unfair and not really democratic , but the votes were counted , and most of milo\u0161evi\u0107 's wins were true . 
  he was called out on cheating several times ( one of them being 5th october 2000 when we was made to accept election defeat ) , but in the end , the fact is that he won most of those elections . 
  enter 1 million kosovo albanians who had a right of vote at that time but boycotted the elections . 
  if any democratic candidate during the 1990s got even half of those votes , milo\u0161evi\u0107 could n't have possibly cheated his way out of such a huge margin . 
  or if they managed to occupy 20 % of serbian parliament during those time , and take part in a pro-western government . 
  they did not vote against him , though , and they could have . 
  it would have helped throwing him out faster . 
  serbian as well , 
   you guys have it so easily . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_colombian_citizens[1] well you do have most of your own continent freely accessible . 
  that 's not bad . 
  for serbia that fee was lifted when we lifted visa requierement for them . 
   do n't be late in germany . 
  unless you are a train . 
  i 've seen it on greek islands , as well as in turkey . 
  but nowhere else in europe so far . 
  our prime minister tentatively suggested such a deal , but it was rejected by powers that be . 
  this , of course , is the most sensical solution . 
  so it will never be implemented , as it 'd require some important people admitting they were wrong . 
  have you changed the font since the time of sfry ? 
  i know we have n't , so our signs use the same font as `` makarska '' on the map . 
  odd you say that , at least i heard that nhs is great compared to the other countries . 
   does anyone in the former yugoslavian countries remember tito fondly ? 
  if so , who ? 
  many people do , they associate his time as one of prosperity and unity . 
  who exactly is just too complicated a question that i am unable to answer . 
  i certainly do n't , however he died before i was born . 
  i know . 
  that still does n't change the fact that this is a temple of serbian church . 
  edit : maybe \u0110ukanovi\u0107 financed the temple before the independence ? 
  it belongs to whoever chooses to believe in their creed , does n't it ? 
  although of course , it mostly belongs to itself and cares for its own interests . 
  edit : typo, 
  according to blic , he 's there because the montenegrin government financially supported the temple . 
   do you really think soc had a say in what was going to be painted on those walls ? 
  did soc pick tito or krivokopic as their favorites ? 
  if you can prove me wrong , please do . 
  as far as i know , this has nothing to do with moc . 
  this is a temple of soc , not moc , and if you check the fresco that is being talked about , the first person in a row in the front of jesus is amfilohije , one of the highest ranking members of soc . 
  \u0110ukanovi\u0107 is there too , as he financially supported the temple for many years using the money of montenegrin tax payers . 
  tito and krivokapi\u0107 are not selected as favourites , they are in the hell portion of the fresco . 
  they are literally burning in fire !, 
  this at least has nothing to do with montenegrin nationalism , it has to do with soc representing its political opinions on its frescoes . 
  which of course it can do , but it is hilarious . 
  btw , i spent 90 % of my life in serbia , so i 'm not that much of an outsider ... 
  the issue is neither montenegrin or serbian . 
  it is the issue of the serbian orthodox church . 
  it is their temple and their frescos . 
  umm ... this is a temple belonging to the serbian orthodox church . 
  `` there we british sat , poor grey sodden creatures , huddling under our grey northern sky that seeped like a rancid dish cloth , busy sending those we wished to punish most severely to sit in bright sunlight on the coast of the tasman sea at the southern tip of the great barrier reef and maybe do some surfing too . 
  no wonder the australians have a particular kind of smile that they reserve exclusively for use on the british . '', 
  -- * douglas adams *, 
   montenegro is hilarious . 
  also serbian orthodox church and its worldview . 
  this represents it perfectly . 
   it was interesting seeing people just walk up and down the main street in the evening , i 'm guessing that was their going out . 
  or part of the night out , indeed . 
  it is common in the balkans for people to do that . 
  an interesting consequence of that is that western european cities can look harrowingly empty to people from the balkans that are used to there always being people just strolling . 
  ireland too . 
  and in the case of serbia , the uk goes one step further , requiring visa even just for transit , putting us in the same category as countries such as syria and sudan . 
  completely agree there , that 's why i excepted the accordion guy . 
  except for the accordion guy this quite looks as being in accordance with eu law . 
  not sure what the fuss is about . 
  i disagree with your president . 
  many countries , including mine , had a violent ( recent ) history involving other nations , and yet officially recognize their languages if there are speakers . 
  honestly , to a neutral observer , ilves 's argument sounds like a petty revenge that is also affecting people who had nothing to do with the crimes committed . 
  what was he supposed to say there ? 
  what makes you think he does n't ?
