  you are all speaking as if greece and italy were economic paradises before the euro . 
  they were n't , and their currencies sucked . 
  their politicians are not idiots and knew what they were getting into back then . 
  not yet here in the east . 
  even the sun does n't venture here . 
  it is the 4th consecutive day of endless drizzle ... 
  so between 1814 and 1939/40 there were no wars that norway was involved in ( afaik the break-up with sweden was peaceful ? ) . 
  compare that to other european countries . 
  also , i was not aware that norway suffered that much in ww2 . 
  i learned something today , thanks !, 
  what makes british conservatives center-right rather than right ? 
  i see what you are saying , but ww2 is quite an outlier , it is * literally * a world war . 
  you had no choice but to be involved in that war . 
  if you look at the time before ww2 ? 
  ask the opposite question . 
  how many wars did the countries now in the eu had between themselves before the eu ? 
  and how many had canada , australia , switzerland , norway and iceland ? 
  they ripped you off , though . 
  klaver 's sticking to his principles no matter what does n't seem to have paid off , at least short-term . 
  klaver 's sticking to his principles no matter what does n't seem to have paid off , at least short-term . 
  it 's really hard to defend hard right positions with truth only . 
  the eu does n't get to chose whether they throw out economic immigrants or not , that is still up to each member state to decide . 
   we 've had worse than this before ( 2008 ) and i would n't describe that as a sacrifice ( implying death ) of our economy . 
  the whole world was suffering back then , and the uk was n't the worst-performing western economy , which is what this submission is about . 
  actually , i am pretty sure that current relatively healthy uk 's economic figures are such mostly because their closest partners are also doing extremely well . 
  no , why would they ? 
  i wonder how many dutch people really do make the disction between balkans and eastern europe ? 
  agree . 
  it would be good for other eu countries as well , and the eu as a whole , as the companies that now dodge the tax would have to pay it , creating a more level playing field and enhancing other countries ' gdp . 
  actually , as a dutch taxpayer i do still feel it should be done . 
  abusing a system that benefits you is never a good idea . 
  i have simply added a quote from your comment for clarity . 
  i have not changed my content . 
  i have added a quote to my original comment that should make it clearer what part of your comment i was replying to . 
  the title is * uk will not accept chlorinated chicken to secure u.s. trade deal * . 
  how is what i said mental gymnastics ? 
  if the title is true , that means that gove is ready for the entire deal to fail based on this position . 
  or do you think something else is being implied here ? 
   we 're perfectly happy to weather the storm about half of you are perfectly happy . 
   calling it messy is strange . 
  that 's the brexiteer way , compromises are intrinsically messy to them , i guess . 
   gove has just said no chlorinated chickens so that will be the position of his department until the agreement is signed or he is replaced . 
  yeah , good for gove , but that is not how negotiations work . 
  or is he ready to drop the entire uk-us trade deal based on that particular position ? 
   yes serbia is your history . 
  links to serbia are also my present . 
  and unless i disown my dad and sell the property i have there , those links will also be my future . 
   but this is your home , not serbia . 
  and if you are not ready to say so i am totally ready to say so . 
  the netherlands is my home , not sure where i implied differently . 
  when asked abroad where i 'm from , the nl is the answer . 
  when i fly home from a visit to serbia , i fly , well , home . 
   if you do not consider yourself fully dutch , no ifs , no buts , no hyphens , then why should anybody else ? 
  i am not sure what exactly do you mean by `` fully dutch '' ? 
  it may very well be that our definitions differ . 
  if it is about ethnicity , as my parents are not dutch , i also ca n't ever be . 
  i do consider myself fully integrated into the dutch society , and fully participating in it , with the exception of not being able to vote . 
   there is no hard feelings if you do not , and you are free to live here and make a life for yourself . 
  just accept that this is a requirement . 
  one of the things i learned from dutch people is that * just accept * is not really in the vocabulary . 
  i will keep complaining about this . 
   but it was , was n't it ? 
  unless your wife is dutch , in which case you can keep your second nationality - which i am perfectly fine with as love does not let itself be guided - , then it must have been a communal decision of you both . 
  she 's not dutch , and the decision of where to go to was hers alone , especially as we were n't married at the time . 
  what we both agreed to before is that if she decides to go somewhere , i 'll follow , regardless of the location . 
  our specific skillsets made that arrangement the most sensical one . 
   but you are assuming that all those nuanced situations should be covered . 
  why ? 
  i assume that laws should serve the community they regulate , in this case the community being the dutch society . 
  and the society 's needs are not served well by ignoring its subtleties . 
  the stated government 's goal is helping immigrants and expats to fully and seamlessly integrate , which is in everyone 's interest . 
  i maintain that this law impedes that by creating bureaucratic obstacles people have to waste their time on instead of being able to carelessly immerse themselves in this society . 
  additionally , this law creates a democratic deficit in a country that , rightfully so , prides itself on its democracy , by allowing a situation where it is possible to spend your entire life living in the country , paying all the taxes , but not have the right of representation . 
  i did , by voting . 
  my guys , however , did not win the elections , and i doubt i 'll vote again , as i have moral doubts about voting in a country i do n't live in . 
  also , that regulation is not that unheard of . 
  the netherlands had it [ until only 3 years ago ] ( http://www.kroesadvocaten.nl/nl/nieuws/kort-verblijf-geen-meldplicht-meer ) . 
  this gives me hope that serbia will choose to stop it soon as well , as we usually just copy whatever the eu countries do . 
   when you become dutch , you are no longer serbian . 
  this is not as exclusive as you make it sound , again you lack nuance . 
  i am deeply connected to both countries , and there is no way around it . 
  i consider the netherlands my adopted homeland , that has treated me amazingly well for the last 7 years . 
  and yet , the entirety of my extended family is in serbia , i own property there , and have a couple of good friends for life . 
  those links can not be broken , and i can simply never be * not serbian * , whatever my passport says . 
  that does n't exclude me being dutch as well , and that is the nuance that the current dutch law misses . 
  i have a family and a white collar job here , my daughter is born here , i am in a sport club and have good friends here as well . 
  i speak the language , follow the news and politics - even though i can not vote about where my * belastingcentjes * will go to . 
  also , looking further down the comments , you assume it was my choice to move here , but it was n't really - my wife moved here for education - so i followed . 
  i 'd follow her anywhere , it has just happened to be the nl . 
  again , nuance - current law is a blanket one that misses all kinds of situations people can be in . 
  it is supposed to help integration , but it actually impedes it . 
  fair enough i guess . 
  would you be ready to spend the rest of your life wondering if it will be found out ? 
  except it is way more nuanced in practice , and the very reason i did n't get dutch citizenship even though i am eligible . 
  renouncing my serbian passport would mean that every time i visit my family there ( father , so the closest one ) , i 'd have to personally go to the city police station and fill in a form where i tell them where will i stay during my visit to serbia . 
  if refusing to face meaningless bureaucracy every time i want to visit my dad means i am not ready to forgo my native land , and in the eyes of dutch law it does , then so be it . 
  around 80 % has just voted for parties promising to implement brexit . 
  no , it 's just doing normal . 
  honestly , do we really deserve more at this point ? 
  as long as our nations , represented by our politicians ( who are , in this case , following the will of the people ) , engage in petty bickering between themselves , as long as we are not able to co-operate between ourselves , how can we be expected to co-operate with the wider eu ?
