  america is not worse , i 've never said that . 
  they are a united country and a truly unted market and they benefit immensely from that . 
  i personally would gladly consider living there again for a while ( i would be getting double the salary then i am getting here , so would my wife ) , but the immigration barrier is too steep . 
  i also appreciate the us for the fact that they mostly moved past nationalism and tribalism that are still rampant in europe , as evidented by brexit . 
  of course , if they do end up electing trump , my opinion will change . 
  no , but he did call the eu `` old , barren , unemployed , corrupt , indebted and stagnated '' . 
  i was trying to do a reality check , the eu is still one of the best places in the world to live in . 
  if the tiny poland is blocking the agreement for the entire eu , it stops being so tiny . 
  so out of 200 + countries in the world you name * three * that are better places than europe . 
  i totally give you canada and australia , they are awesome . 
  the us , however , is a mixed bag . 
  if you are educated and successful , you will be way better off in the us than in europe , if you are willing to take a couple of weeks hit on your vacation time . 
  but if you are one of the unlucky ones , state support network is way better in europe than it is in the us . 
  yes , the uk remains an attractive destination despite being enslaved for 40 years by the abomination that is the eu . 
  til , thanks . 
  i did n't know they had a program apart from animal rights . 
  who are the people one should want ? 
  what places would you call better than europe ? 
  is pvdd really left of the centre , though ? 
  yet , thousands of people risk their lives crossing the seas in order to reach that horrible place that is the eu . 
  with the exception of `` old '' and `` stagnated '' , the eu is actually doing rather well on all the metrics you mentioned , compared to the rest of the world . 
  `` old '' ca n't really be helped by exiting the eu . 
  `` stagnated '' may , but one of the reasons eu economies are stangating is the lack of new trade treaties , yet it seems the public opinion is overwhelmingly against them at this point . 
  also , it can be argued that the very reason the eu stagnates is its lack of efficiency brought by the fact that member states refuse to agree on anything and the eu as organisation does n't have the capacity to make them . 
  neither does italian mafia . 
   ban halal food , no more building new mosques can you even do that without violating the constitution ? 
  the volunteers can get them only to the official border crossings , where it 's up to a government policy to decide whether the migrants will actually pass through . 
  these guys were trying to avoid official border crossings , and thus official checks , so they were breaking the law . 
  racist thugs are brexiters , though , and brexiters are the majority . 
  also , i think most people do n't care , and probably are n't even aware that these attacks are happening . 
  except they * are * part of the majority . 
  51,9 % majority , to be precise . 
  the only mutually beneficial deal is the eu membership . 
  anything we get will be worse for both parties . 
  this is a classic lose-lose situation . 
   i wonder if may will try to push a compromise where people can still move to the uk from the eu as long as they have a job lined up or something . 
  that sounds nice , but in practice it is way more nuanced , and would end up with there not being freedom of movement at all . 
  let 's see what `` a job lined up '' actually means . 
  does it mean any job ? 
  is there a check whether the job offer is real ? 
  whether the company is real ? 
  is there a salary requirement ? 
  who is going to check all these things ? 
  who is going to pay for checking all these things ? 
  who will issue a visa ? 
  how long such a visa would be valid ? 
   this post represents the views of the author and not those of the brexit blog , nor the lse . 
   dr gunnar beck is a barrister and brexit adviser at 1 essex court ( chambers of the rt hon sir tony baldry ) . 
  i hope you are right . 
  i 'm currently so troubled with what is going on with the eu that it is very difficult for me to be at all optimistic . 
  the most optimistic scenario for montenegro and serbia is 7 years away at this point ( 5 years to conclude negotiations , and 2 years extra for setting up the acceding date ) . 
  the others are even further away . 
  there are many spots in greece where there are virtually no serbs . 
  on some of the expensive islands , for example . 
  nigel farage was very clear in saying that his next goal is to completely dissolve the eu , he said that in the european parliament . 
  if that is not a threat , i do n't know what is . 
  and he was speaking from his official position as ukip mep . 
  the differences between those three are larger than serbian and croatian , especially the written language is . 
   is it not one language , like literally ? 
  it is . 
  despite many croatians disagreeing , it is simply the fact . 
  edit : see replies below . 
  i rest my case . 
  we wo n't . 
  cyrillic is protected by the constitution and is the official script of the government , while in the real life , latin is used more . 
  with the exception of people who connect writing cyrillic to their serbness , we simply do n't think about it . 
  it is also an archiving tool . 
  if you , say , deprecate cyrillic , so much of the text written in it will be unaccessible to future readers . 
  of course , that is not the real reason . 
  the real reason is the public discourse storm that would arise if you 'd try to phase out either script . 
  in any case , we definitely have more important things to worry about . 
  why not send that money to the nhs instead ? 
  they do n't think the climate change is human-induced . 
  how can you not demonize them , they do that themselves basically . 
  or we set up our own army and not worry at all what the likes of trump say . 
  even then , europe ends up having to ask for the approval of the us in order to do anything . 
  maybe that 's why european members are n't really into it . 
  i think the idea is not to be dependent on the us and to be able to act without it . 
  the 3 % rule only applies to the eurozone countries , thus not the uk . 
  also , it is not being enforced too quickly - spain has just got an extension for example . 
  nedelja indeed meens both sunday and week ( for the latter sedmica is also used ) , but the etymology of the word is most certainly `` no work '' . 
  i believe the week meaning came much later . 
  if the eu is left unchanged , it will also lead to less eu , as currently it is simply not authorized to do what people apparently expect from it . 
  more eu is basically the only bet it can take to survive . 
  i really hope it will work . 
  be a populist . 
  events are indeed where 's it at . 
  i am in amateur volleyball club , and without facebook it 'd be much more difficult to organise events and add and inform new members . 
   a european in my book this is a positive thing . 
  it 's common in serbia as well . 
  i like that , especially if the can is nice and/or old . 
  the uk was one of the biggest supporters of the enlargement . 
  you are obviously right . 
  that is not democracy , however , but a perversion of it . 
  considering how close the result was , one would guess the government would go for a `` soft '' brexit , so a sort of a middle ground . 
  however , it seems that may decided to act as if the 48 % do n't exist . 
  bg stands for belgrade , 
  i think the japanese implied it . 
  this is not a contest . 
  this is about having a level playing field for everyone in the eu .
