  there are currently cars recording in 3 largest cities in serbia . 
  according to google , the rest of the country should follow in the next year . 
  it is a different context now . 
  speaking as a citizen of a country that is 2nd in a row to join and is a candidate , there is very little visible benefit from the eu association process for an average serbian citizen . 
  there is some cash influx from eu , but it is too small for any substiantial improvement . 
  the enlargement mood in the eu is very bad , and the mood for helping poorer members and candidates even worse . 
  that was not the case with the eastern european countries who joined in 2004 . 
  if they are not willing to substantially help serbia , how can we even think they could offer ukraine anything of real value ? 
  ukraine is several times larger than serbia and in an even worse shape , thus it requires much more money . 
  do not get me wrong - joining eu is the best thing that can happen to both serbia and ukraine . 
  for us , it is a matter of no choice , we have absolutely no alternative and the russians are not backmailing us , our free trade deal with them is still active . 
  for ukraine , it is much different . 
  true , but eu is offering too little incentive to ukraine . 
  they want to see ukraine democratized and in their sphere of influence , but do not seem ready to pay for that . 
  this is my feeling too . 
  the benefits that eu can possibly offer are few . 
  now this is a proper factual answer to u5k0 's question . 
  and on who 's providing the anecdotes . 
  yup , i 've no idea where they got it from . 
  and i really wanted to be angry at cameron . 
  germans love their coins and their cash . 
  there 's no way this will be adopted at eu-level . 
   people have a right to be proud of the society they have built . 
  people have a right to be proud of anything they want to be proud of , we live in free countries . 
  but what exactly does `` a society they have built '' mean ? 
  aged 30 , i still have n't done much society building . 
  at age 60 , maybe i 'll be able to say i contributed my share ( and be proud of it ) , but that is still very far off . 
  before that , all that sort of pride is just in other people 's achievements . 
   and you believe in the cultural values that are dominant in that society . 
  depends on whether you believe in those cultural values because they are dominant in your society , or because you believe in those cultural values because you thought about it independently and concluded they make sense and are your values too . 
  nationalism * is * evil . 
  thinking your nation/culture is better is not as harmless as it sounds , because then it implies that other nations/cultures are inferior . 
  this is a path that ended up in wars multiple times already . 
  and yet , many people in my country like to pretend that has never happened . 
  it also means `` worse '' . 
  would you trust them ? 
  i do not believe in that . 
  i choose to hope that we 'll end up with a better and more democratic eu after this rough patch . 
  it is also spelled evro/ebpo in serbian , so in a few decades when we join the eu , at least the spelling is not going to be an issue . 
  thank you bulgaria !, 
  they have their own internet-space , a bit separated from western one . 
  they have their own [ social network ] ( http://www.vk.com ) and their own largest [ search/portal ] ( http://www.yandex.ru ) . 
  the more nationalistic and perhaps romantic part of serbian population has a major hard-on on russians . 
  they consider them friends and allies and have a minor religion focused around putin . 
  this is particularly laughable because all survey shows that russians do not think about serbs all that much . 
  the serbian state oil company is sold to russia ( n oligarchs ) for a discount price in exchange for a russian will to have their gas pipeline built through serbia . 
   try taking the train in the balkans in the balkans we know our trains suck so there are good bus alternatives . 
  in germany , not so much , or until recently , at all . 
  if the train is late , you 're stuck . 
  talking as an europhile , i have to say you are asking all the right questions here . 
  it is said in the article that france lost it 's aaa rating two years ago . 
  up until this cut they 've been aa + . 
  so that divesting has already happened . 
  just reading this has already improved my mood , 
   the byzantine empire is imo more greek than it is roman . 
  the byzantines considered themselves roman , and are actually * eastern roman empire * . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that the greeks were a minority there , and still the empire lasted for 1000 years . 
  but this makes sense compared to the supermarket working 11 hours consecutively , 9-20 for example . 
  i imagine the usefulness of the supermarket is higher in 20-22 period when you can actually walk the streets than it is during the blazing heat , 13-15 . 
  in the case of small and medium enterprises , businesses * are * people . 
  what country is free ? 
  after looking at summaries by country , some observations : * serbia lost a point since last year * compared to the neighbouring eu members , serbia ranks the same as hungary and better than croatia , romania and bulgaria * most of the yellow european countries are in the upper part of the `` partly free '' ranking * they omitted slovenia, 
  knowing that , one can only imagine what the situation is like in blue countries ... 
  northern part of kosovo is still predominantly populated by serbs . 
  yup , same reports in serbian media . 
  far-right organizations taking videos and photos of serbs going out to vote . 
  this is nothing new , these are the same far-right organizations that coerced the police into banning gay pride in belgrade in september . 
  they have to be dealt with somehow , and i hope after this the government will realise this . 
  yup , does n't work for slavic languages . 
  yup , but that 's different packaging , although probably the same thing . 
  google translation of the article : * nearly two-thirds of the citizens of serbia , 62 percent had never been to kosovo , according to a survey by the belgrade centre for security policy . 
  a quarter of respondents , 25 percent , were in kosovo before in 1999 . year , one-tenth after . 
  also , men are , on average , more often there or keep going to kosovo than women . 
  the survey showed that 64 percent of supporters of the socialist party of serbia , 63 percent of the serbian progressive party supporters and 59 per cent of supporters of the democratic party has never been in kosovo . 
  the province has never been even 33 percent of supporters of the democratic party of serbia and up to 92 percent of supporters of the united regions of serbia . 
  `` it is evident in the research that the serbian public opinion does not make a clear distinction between the albanians who live in three municipalities in southern serbia , kosovo and albania , but stereotypes are `` copied '' without understanding the differences between these three political groups . 
  it is encouraging that the few people who have had contact in peacetime believe that the more that binds us than separates '' says sonja stojanovic , director of the centre . 
  supporters of the ds and the sns would feel equally safe to travel to kosovo with serbian license plates - at 17 percent , while the sps supporters 12 percent of respondents . 
  none of the subjects of dss , was ready to feel safe on the road in kosovo with serbian license plates , according to a survey that was done in the framework of the project `` research and security forum : belgrade - pristina - tirana '' and was conducted on a sample of 1,200 citizens which will be presented tomorrow at the media center . 
  some 78 percent of respondents from serbia would have no objection to living alongside the albanian families , while 22 percent would not want albanian family of next-door neighbors . 
  among those who have recently had contact with a person of albanian ethnicity , 92 percent would have no objection to living alongside the albanian family . 
  * parties mentioned : ldp - social liberal , pro-eu , supports gay rights and kosovo independence ds - social democratic , pro-eu sps - socialists , pro-eu - minor partner in the current government sns - conservatives , pro-eu - major partner in the current government dss - conservatives , nationalists , anti-eu, 
  as an immigrant to the netherlands , i have no problem with this . 
  the exam that currently exists for getting a citizenship or a residence permit requires basic knowledge that will get you through the official stuff ( electricity bill , for example ) . 
  it makes sense to me that there is an official assurance that the applicant is able to function in a society . 
   official communication with the government can also be done in english if you do n't understand dutch . 
  in theory , this is true . 
  in practice , there are many forms that have no english counterparts , there are many bad translations , and there are many government employees ( especially older ones ) who speak very little english . 
  here in enschede for example belastingdienst is infamous for being difficult to deal with for non-dutch speaking people . 
   of course being able to understand and converse in dutch will make your life in our country more enjoyable . 
  very true . 
  we totally did not have that , and yet it seems it was a thing . 
  one of the perks of being a candidate is that we 're now included in these stats !, 
  yay !, 
  i am reasonably sure that such a deal can not be found currently . 
  what isp ? 
   just not sure if i can apply for jobs in eu at all and if there is any demand for russian/english-speaking foreign programmers . 
  you can apply , but it is horribly difficult for companies to get a work visa for you . 
  thus , your portfolio has to be really good and you need to do the ( skype ) interview very well in order for them to go through the trouble . 
  alternatively , maybe you could look up a `` blue card '' programme and see if you are eligible ?
