  bulgaria . 
  it 's not strictly needed , but the fact that he has very little experience is a reason for certain scepticism . 
  at yale , which is his alma matter , i 've no doubt he got a great education . 
  however , it could not have prepared him for all the variables that the real life can come up with . 
  i wish him luck , though . 
  few days ago i met a guy who knows him personally from way back , and he says he 's a good guy . 
  in serbian it has all those uses , including shame . 
  oddly , i 've never considered * rumen * and * ri\u0111 * as words for * red * . 
  * rumen * is * blush ( ed ) * and * ri\u0111 * is * ginger * . 
  only * crven * is actually * red * . 
  for me , at least . 
   right now some companies import nearly finished products to germany that were cheaply made in east-asia , just so that the final assembly can take place in germany that 's what `` assembled in '' label is for . 
  i 'm not surprised , i know several stalin admirers in serbia as well . 
  the fact is that life was ( percieved as ) better for some people during the dictatorships , combined with utter lack of education , and that 's what you get . 
  why do you think so ? 
  is n't it good being at the bottom of any list that syria tops ? 
  of course , the best case scenario would be not to be in the list at all . 
  serbian is more endangered by all the uneducated people that ( try to ) speak it , than it is by english . 
  with that said , there are many english terms that found their way into the language , but that 's how it 's always been , except earlier those were turkish and then german . 
  not necessarily bad for us , maybe . 
  that many people being rejected means that eu countries consider serbia democratic and developed enough to justify rejecting basically everybody seeking asylum . 
  that 's not a bad thing . 
  edit : engrish, 
   asylum seekers from serbia were the most likely to be rejected ( 97 % ) i am not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing . 
  all that does not mean we should not do it . 
  i think alexis ohanian , the reddit co-founder and board member , is of armenian descent . 
  seriously ? 
  mine does n't . 
   the one thing that is actually tangible proof of european integration , the euro oh come on . 
  what about the border-free travel , or the single market ? 
  these numbers are smaller than i expected them to be . 
   in sweden you have to pay if you are a non eu/non nordic citizen , so we are out . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  tuitions are very expensive for non-eea citizens . 
  op , have you considered germany ? 
  afaik , their universities have master 's courses in english , and the tuitions are not high . 
  transport is faster , easier and cheaper nowadays . 
  so it is easier to make use of the benefits . 
  unfortunately , they caused the conquered nations to skip the renaissance , the effects of which we arguably still feel today . 
  in the case of slovenia , [ literally ] ( http://www.venere.com/blog/images/ljubljana-dragon.jpg ) . 
  very interesting analysis , though . 
  how so ? 
  it 's been 9 years since they joined the eu . 
  well , they are only a single notch worse than sweden . 
  has their low score maybe to do with nokia 's troubles ? 
   the greek government had in q1 2013 a primary surplus , which means that they got more money from taxes than they paid for regular expenses . 
  only because they were able to stay alive up until that point by receiving foreign cash infusions , and because they were forced to implement at least some reforms . 
  do you really think this crisis would be much different if all countries still held on to their old currencies ? 
  why would n't it be ? 
  this is paradise !, 
   it did n't stop the raise of neo-nazism , did it ? 
  how can you know this ? 
   i think i am gon na study the other countries ' immigration policies now . 
  latvia is an eu member . 
  basically , you just show up . 
  apparently , it does not . 
  while there was still a visa requirement for serbian citizens to enter schengen area , andorra did not require one . 
  however , there was no way to get to it without going through schengen area . 
  very mountainous . 
  that is all i know about andorra . 
  that is so sad . 
  r&d should be one of the last thing to be cut . 
  if spanish government thinks they will increase tourism by promoting bullfighting , i think they 're delusional . 
  edited for a typo, 
  i had my clashes with him too , and he is taking it personally which makes him come across as a tool . 
  i would call him serbia-hater rather than serb-hater , though . 
  i think the state did something to his family after ww2 and/or during the 90s . 
   who cares ? 
  you clearly have an agenda and an axe to grind as evidenced by your vojvodina flair . 
  wtf ?!, 
  he does have a personal beef , but what does the vojvodina flair have to do with it ? 
  that is a good point . 
  some people care enough to fight the police over it ... 
   home of turbo folk ( why serbia ? ), 
  we are sorry . 
  we are so very sorry . 
  regarding the friction , the story that we get served in our media is that romanian stance is that vlachs are actually romanians , something that we are tought is not the case . 
  i am not aware that anyone methodically asked them how they feel about it . 
  fun fact : the names for vlachs , walloons and welsh have the same root . 
  it is especially heavy traffic i think , because they already had a huge backlog from monday . 
   i also do n't see why russia would just let him go , i mean there 's a gold mine of information in this guy . . because russians knew all that already ? 
  i think you both have a point here . 
  it should be done like hertzaheon is saying , but at an eu level . 
  in addition to what nahden said , croatian visas will be valid for the entire schengen area , and vice versa . 
  so some additional responsibility and trust there . 
  i do n't want to pay them , i completely agree with you . 
  i was just trying to clarify why people in greece are not doing much about it - because it includes laying off a bunch of those people . 
  edit : other countries have issues with this too . 
  god knows serbia needs a complete overhaul of its public sector , and there are things that could be improved here in the netherlands as well . 
  not sure about sweden . 
   i do n't understand why people in greece do n't do something about this !, 
  because `` reforming its public sector '' also includes laying off a lot of people . 
  i did not need to know that . 
  huh ? 
  we have nothing against the turks and from what i felt on my visits there , the feeling is mutual . 
  there are even some eerie cultural similarities . 
  i 'm obviously biased , but the expansion has been slowed down already . 
  since 2004 , 3 countries have joined , totalling 33 million people , increasing the eu population by 7 % . 
  the next country in line to join will probably not do so before 2020 . 
  that really does n't sound very fast to me .
