  every country has a power to veto any step in the accession talks , and that veto power has a history of being used . 
  sweden included . 
  and the ambigious prononuciation of \u03b2 . 
  thanks for looking it up !, 
  not any time soon , though . 
  the negotiations will last at least 7 years , and then there will be 7 years of restricted access to the common job market . 
  so 14 years total * at least * . 
  that 's ok , we say it with a ` b ' too . 
  not sure where the ` v ' comes from , but it 's a bit annoying . 
  the fact that cohesion funds did not work for countries a , b and c does not mean they will not work for countries d and e. i have a feeling they did work for countries like estonia , poland or the czech republic . 
  i might be mistaken , though , but it has been 9 years since they all joined , there have to be hard numbers available . 
  are you against richer countries helping poorer ones in development in general , or just against the way it is currently being done ? 
   the eu should have a scientific approach to things , when possible . 
  completely agree . 
  but by its nature , eu is lead by politicians and lawyers - the kind of people who would not recognize scientific method if it were to hit them in a face . 
   i can mention a lot of countries that have had tremendous positive development without any cohesion funds in the last 30 years ( china , india , south korea , brazil , chile etc ) eh , for each of these can be argued that they are uncomparable to any european country . 
  china made progress by changing the economic system , south korea had a huge influx of american money . 
  chile is a complete success story , that is true . 
   the eu should also in the long run stop handing over money to countries that have become permanent recipients . 
  with this , though , i completely agree . 
  receiving cohesion funds should be limited to 10 or 20 years . 
  i honestly think that 's a very specific requirement that not many people have . 
  i do n't think eu should respond retaliatively . 
  that 's playing putin 's game his way . 
  south stream deals have been known about for years , so it 's really fishy they become problem and a topic only now . 
  these deals have been known about for several years now . 
  it is a bit odd that only now they become a problem . 
   so what happens when there are never enough people who turn up ? 
  we had this situation for serbian presidential elections . 
  the threshold was 50 % turnout . 
  as a president is mostly a figurehead , there just was n't enough interest . 
  after several failed rounds they changed the law to remove the turnout threshold . 
   is it time to make a lot of reforms to the eu ? 
  clearly , yes . 
  that i can ( arguably ) agree with . 
  but this article ends with comparing current germany to its nazi counterpart . 
  it 's junk . 
  that is a very healthy way to look at it . 
  this is scary . 
  serbia is a deeply corrupt society , where a lot of things in public offices can be fixed and taken care of by bribing if you know the right person . 
  the fact that we are in the * less * corrupted half in the rankings is horrible . 
   every country has corruption , some just hide it better than others . 
  this is not a very good way to look at the problem , as it equalizies that which is not equal - countries definitely have varying levels of corruption . 
  ca n't argue for the others , but imho for south slavic languages this is not true . 
  edit : actually i also wanted to argue for the others , but then i remembered west slavic orthographies and for them you might have a point . 
  not everyone reads cyrillic . 
  serbian uses both latin and cyrillic alphabets , both are grammatically correct . 
  cyrillic is the one protected by the constitution , though , and its usage is mandatory for all government business . 
  that does n't mean i should not scold others for going one step backwards , even if my own country already took that step 7 years ago . 
  goddammit neighbours !, 
  what would be the point of this ? 
  it is officially not , although it very well could be as there is 1:1 relationship between serbian cyrillic and croatian latin . 
  i believe these banners are written in cyrillic because of the second ongoing issue in croatia - that being the fact that ultra-conservative groups are against allowing serbian minority in croatia to use cyrillic alphabet . 
  thanks for researching the background , rectangular_ballsack . 
  it indeed explains some of the scoring methodology . 
  serbian media broke this this morning as a story about us having the worst health care system in europe . 
  that at least is not far from the truth . 
  in my book , that is ok and makes sense . 
  on my dutch residence permit it clearly says that `` using social funds may influence residence permit renewal decision '' . 
  i 'm perfectly ok with that . 
  if i ca n't contribute to society how can i expect that society to accept me . 
  i do n't have an impression that italy was doing much better in comparison to the other eu countries even while it had the lira . 
  agreed , 100 % is not completely true . 
  for precision 's sake , let me put it at around 90-95 % . 
  i ca n't go into this discussion again . 
  it is your prerogative to think the languages are different . 
  in the mean time , i will continue reading croatian websites , newspapers , books and shampoo declarations without any issues . 
   judiciary , literary , culinary and other domains feature words that , while not pertinent to small talk about weather , can cause problems in understanding . 
  are those not part of the standard variants ? 
  they are , and they can . 
  but they are rare , and can also cause issues in one own 's languages , i am not sure i 'd understand serbian lawyer 's law-speak than croatian 's one . 
  * in my humble opinion * , it is not enough to warrant them being called different languages . 
  on the other hand , one-way trip price is 15 $ , making it by far the cheapest way to cross that distance . 
  in the netherlands you pay that much to cross 100km , and it 's not a comfy ride if it is a rush hour ( crowd ) or saturday night ( spilled beer all over ) . 
  glad to hear that . 
  belgrade is my hometown , but i can imagine it can be a bit difficult to like . 
  some of my dutch colleagues were n't particularly thrilled . 
  [ nope . 
  they even have two new letters . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montenegrin_language ), 
   baltics sigh ... balkans ... ^ we ^ are ^ so ^ irrelevant, 
  the languages are debatable . 
  estonian , latvian and lithuanian are * actually * different . 
  that can not be really said for serbian , croatian , bosnian and montenegrin that are in their standard variants 100 % mutually intelligible . 
  it was in the usa , in 2008 . 
  we were both on work & travel programme , so not a diaspora person ( i was n't either at the time ) . 
  he was somewhere around 24-25 at the time , same as me . 
  tldr : depends on the person . 
  disclaimer : personal anedoctal evidence . 
  for reference , i 'm 30 . 
  on couple of occassions i felt a certain level of hate coming my way . 
  i had a bosniak who i met in an international group . 
  our first evening , he explained to everyone that serbs were occupying his country and shooting at his extended family , pointing to me . 
  i had other bosniaks simply refusing to talk or acting very distant once they hear my accent . 
  croatians were generally more pleasant , but they 've shown no desire for further contact . 
  so out of balkan nations , i hang out with other serbs . 
  despite the mutual language , we have no contact with other balkan nations - that is not willingly , we just ... never meet with them , although i really would not mind . 
  please keep in mind that this is my experience , and other people 's may vary . 
  i think older generations that grew up in a former country find it easier to connect with people from other former republics . 
  ni\u0161 too !,
