  there is huge intra-eu co-operation between pharma companies . 
  their research is immensely expensive and many small and medium enterprises benefit a lot by being able to distribute this burden . 
  i imagine any hurdles being put there would hurt a lot . 
   which ones and which criteria ? 
  sweden , poland and czechia are currently intentionally not progressing . 
  the names of the criteria get technical and i 'm not an economist , but i imagine it 's easily googlable . 
   what exception ? 
  ireland is not in schengen and not obliged to join it on the grounds of preserving free travel with northern ireland and the rest of the uk . 
  the only member states with opt outs from the euro are the uk and denmark . 
  all the other ones are simply not fulfilling the criteria , either deliberately or not . 
  there is no reason why scotland could n't do the same ( leaving aside the discussion whether the euro is really such as bad idea as people seem to think ) . 
  schengen is a different matter , but on the same grounds an exception was made for ireland one could be made for scotland . 
  it 's not like it 'd bother anyone really , they are not in the middle of the way like switzerland is . 
  in the end i do n't think scotland should get a worse deal than the one they have already , rebate included possibly ( it was afaik made because of agricultural reasons , no clue if that reason still would still stand for an independent scotland ) . 
  i believe the eu should also help them if they do get into a rough patch economically , like they helped so many other countries . 
  all this of course , provided they actually become independent , which i still find unlikely . 
  yes , but you can postpone both indefinitely by simply not fulfilling the criteria . 
  bulgaria and romania are now members for 10 years , but not in schengen and not even close to being in the eurozone . 
   some guy said above somewhere that since scottish get into university for free , it makes it so that the gov has to give it to eu nationals for free too since otherwise it classes as discrimination this is because of the eu indeed . 
   but does n't count as discrimination when it 's against it 's own people apparently ahha . 
  this is n't , the eu does n't prevent the uk to fix this internally . 
  the uk simply does n't want to , but still somehow blames the eu . 
  if the people from abroad do n't have to pay , that 's up to english universities , not the eu . 
  in the netherlands the dutch people pay the same as eu citizens , but non-eu citizens pay 5 times more . 
  so it is not any eu law that is responsible for the system you have there . 
  speaking only english doens ' t only limit you to uk and ireland , more and more unis around the eu have bachelor programs in english . 
  for example , he 's the [ overview ] ( https://www.utwente.nl/en/education/bachelor/programmes/ ) of my local dutch uni bachelor programs , many are tought in english . 
  you do have a point about higher ratings of english universities . 
  fully agree there . 
  and it is important to not forget . 
  it is a much better system . 
  basically , the entire society is investing in education of the new generations . 
  you do n't have to pay . 
  there are universities all accross the eu that you still have access to , and most of them are free or almost free for eu citizens . 
  and yet he convinced people that he 's not part of the estabilishment . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  the one in hilversum for example has one , or something very similar to it . 
   decrease/halt arab/african immigration . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's all . 
  this is already happening . 
  as someone who went through dutch non-eu immigration process , there are only two ways you can legally move to the nl : 1 ) be very educated and smart , so you can get a knowledge migrant visa , and then be able to keep the job you get that visa for for 6 years . 
  2 ) family reunion . 
  thus , be a close relative ( a partner or a minor child , being a parent wo n't get you in ) of someone who already lives there and has a job with at least a middle income . 
  it is really , really difficult , and i do n't see any further sensible restrictions for those two ways . 
  the third way is to enter here illegally and request asylum . 
  wilders ' solution for that is to close the borders , but that wo n't get you anywhere , as ilegal migrants are not known to use official border checkpoints . 
  the next step then is to build a wall between nl and germany and belgium . 
  good luck with that . 
  the only proper solution for that is to help southern countries deal with this , and the eu is doing something about it . 
  of course , wilders does n't want any of that . 
  i fail to see how voting for wilders will get you closer to your stated goal . 
  unless you want him to make the country totally unlivable for them so they leave , but where can they leave to ? 
  and how much can you strip their rights without breaking the constitution ? 
  from the mosque , they are usually loud . 
   the second journalism is fixed easy , just make people pay for news again . 
  it turns out the news that is free is worth exactly as much . 
  wait , not so easy then . 
  most native ( upper ) - middle-class dutch prefer to live in suburbs and in smaller towns close to the big ones , that 's why inner city demographics looks like that . 
  as soon as you go a bit outside the city center , the impression is different . 
   but i take it that you 're fine with holding referendums to join the eu ? 
  it is very clear what joining the eu brings , that is at least something you can get informed about , so it is not exactly the same . 
  in the uk leavers had no plan at all , people had absolutely no clue what are they going into . 
  they only knew what they did n't want ( the accuracy of which is debatable , but not for this comment ) . 
  with that said , a referendum to join the eu does n't make too much sense either . 
  what 's wrong with simply voting for the party that promises signing of the treaty ? 
  what about london ? 
  not exactly a village in shropshire . 
  might be , do n't know . 
  the only thing with the same thing that we have is * re\u0107i * , meaning * to say * . 
  * speech * is * govor * . 
  dogmatically so , even . 
  sometimes he has very good argumentation . 
  other times , however , he just preaches . 
  odd , in contemporary serbian * slovo * is * a letter * , and * re\u010d * is * a word * . 
  actually surveys show the opposite , support for the euro is relatively high . 
  what is wrong with all my fellow serbs who live all around the world but keep supporting far right ? 
  i really do n't get it . 
  trump , le pen , \u0160e\u0161elj , farage , i really do n't get the fascination . 
  perpetual devaluation that i 'm mentioning is a fact , not just a hypothesis . 
  if you 'd try to interview now , the situation should be better . 
   actually its the best way to kickstart the economy back up . 
  or you could completly destroy the salaries of italian workers so they become indians 2.0 . 
  italy kept devaluating its currency , so italian economy perpetually needed kickstarting ? 
  devaluation is what is destroying the salaries , it is making everyone 's salaries and savings lower . 
  except the richest people who can afford to save in foreign , stable currency . 
   listen dude . 
  i understand you are croatian , want some of that free eu money and you are scared that italy might leave the $ and completly destroy it before you can get a piece of the cake lol . 
  again this . 
  i am not croatian . 
  currently i do n't think my home country should join the eu , as it does n't fit , as it is too corrupted and too aligned with russia . 
  so no `` free '' money to talk about . 
   source ? 
  your asshole . 
  fake information . 
  very mature . 
  source about the effects of corruption and instability on the economy is given in the other reply . 
   source that italians are more currupt than blondie germans or swedes ? 
  the best source i can give you is corruption perception index , but you are going to dismiss it , as you claim that the corruption ca n't be measured , which i disagree with .
