  powers back to london and all that . 
  i do n't see how would they compete against samsung 's multi-billion dollar marketing campaigns . 
  thanks , til . 
  english is obviously not my native language , so i was n't sure . 
  no argument there , completely agree . 
  very well put . 
  the op said that there is still a debate in serbia about whether the massacre happened at all . 
  what i tried to say is that that part is simply not true . 
   instead , it condemns `` the crime as it is described '' in a 2009 european parliamentary resolution , which -- along with a 2007 ruling by the international court of justice , uses the word `` genocide '' to describe the srebrenica killings . 
   radoslav stojanovic , a professor of international law in belgrade , tells rfe/rl 's balkan service that such international resolutions and rulings allow serbian lawmakers to acknowledge srebrenica as `` genocide '' without actually using the word `` genocide '' themselves . 
  the wording leaves a lot to be desired , i agree , but it is without a doubt the official recognition that the genocide did occur . 
  while technically true , that distinction will be lost on many . 
  like , all 10 million of us ? 
   serbia are still trying to argue whether the massacre happened this just is n't true . 
  several serbian high officials , including the president , have apologized . 
  there is an official declaration of the serbian parliament . 
  there are indeed some people that are still trying to argue it , but they are minority and on the official level it is recognized . 
  ca n't speak for rofs , though , no clue what 's going on there . 
  mcdonald 's, 
  there is almost no european country that has the entirely good history . 
  to be honest , 2020 is the best-case scenario estimation . 
  in 2007 we sent a lesbian to eurovision and won !, 
  god 's reaction just came a bit late . 
  according to the patriarch of serbian church there exists an invisible all - controling entity in the skies . 
  so there 's that . 
   our government has been surprisingly well organized so far . 
  i beg to disagree here . 
  emergency response teams and certain local leaderships were surpisingly well organized , but the government was anything but . 
  they missed the early flood warnings that led to casualties , they created panic in a town of \u0160abac where thousands of volunteers arrived but had no equipment to work with , they used the opportunity to even further control the media , and the prime minister had what can only be described as moments of madness . 
  as a nation , i am amazed by the response , fundraisings and volunteers , but the government had nothing much to do with all that . 
  they were even late with the paypal account and the bank accounts they provided for foreign money transfers were all but useless . 
  by not building in landslide-prone areas ? 
  while they are definitely a disaster , the scale of it is still not very intercontinental news-worthy . 
  that his the nail on the head . 
  we should not be allowed in until we get those basics things settled , such as the rule of law and absence of corruption . 
  i honestly think romania and bulgara were done a disservice for being allowed to join before they sorted themselves out . 
  `` never '' is a very big word . 
  ouch . 
  this is a bit harsh , especially because eu is already quite involved in these conflicts ( actually , it 's a single conflict ) . 
  and i would say that eu 's involvement is net positive , and that could not have possibly happened if there were n't an eu membership promise at the end of the tunnel . 
  nope , it will probably be rendered impossible in one way or another , probably in the accession agreement . 
  one of the conditions of the ongoing negotiations is that serbia not block kosovo in any international institution . 
  the taxes will be climbing because of hosting the eurovision ? 
  oh come on ... 
  eh , as everywhere else , it 's popular and cool to be against the eu . 
  still , most people grudgingly accept the economic necessity of membership . 
  the support slowly declined over the years , was under 50 % at some points , but then recoverd . 
  i think it will remain about the same in the future , above 50 % but not too much . 
  the new government is strongly pro-eu , though , and got elected without having to find that during the election campaign . 
  mostly around 55 % for . 
  a bit , but the main reason is a common language . 
  that 's why entries from those countries are usually sung in the native language , it can be understood accross the entire region . 
  it is similar in serbia , although i would not say `` ignore '' . 
  bribes do put you on the fast lane , though . 
  in the netherlands , however , you pay around 100 $ a month for medical insurance , but still have over 300 $ of `` own risk '' , meaning that the first 300 $ of the medical costs you incure per year you still have to pay yourself . 
  so again you end up paying . 
  true , however leaving the disctinction out creates the image that the salary gap between countries is even higher than it really is . 
  that 's an important disctinction to make . 
  in many countries these statistics provide gross amounts . 
  is this net or gross ? 
  still great compared to me having to take a day off work and having the total costs of around $ 200 to get a us visa . 
   serbia , moldova , georgia , ukraine on the horizon , ... out of these , only serbia is really on the horizon , and that 's a far away horizon at best . 
  wo n't happen before at least 2020 , with 2022 or 2024 being more realistic dates . 
  so do n't worry , 
  it 's just creepy how well slovianski works . 
  as i read , my brain tells me i should n't understand it , but i do . 
  there are also * mtv * controls - where they basically set up a post on a road close to the border and randomly check ( foreign ) cars and people in them . 
   the norway option are you aware that , regarding free movement of people , norway is in the same boat as if it were in the eu ? 
  how can you work without having a bank account ? 
  is receiving one 's salary in cash common in the uk ? 
  i do n't even need the government to forge my signature , it turns out differently every time i scribble it anyways . 
  it baffles me that such a flawed thing is legally binding . 
   signing legaly binding documents with a hackable device ? 
  no , thank you !, 
  as opposed to making an unreadable scribble on paper ? 
   for a moment there i thought you 're the author . 
  still , he 's welcome !, 
  ok , point taken !, 
  what an awesome article !, 
  hits the nail on a head !, 
  do n't forget uk and ireland -  non-eu part of the balkans . 
  it is exactly the same in serbian version of latin . 
  also there is a nice 1:1 ratio there , with a grand total of 3 exceptions , and that makes me disagree with zoran 's arguement . 
  personally i find writing in latin script easier and faster . 
  true , but imho a limited bombing campaign and a full-blown world war are n't exactly comparable . 
  they are hundreds of kilometers from kosovo . 
  it is very hard to see the important tactical role of these bridges , except of terrorizing civilian population . 
  my parents were never there , thank you very much . 
  they were horrified of what was going on but had no clue how or power to stop it , except vote for the opposition at the time , which they did . 
  i was 7 at the time , evil me . 
  $ 100 still covers 3 decent meals a day easily . 
  i clicked on that link and got an empty page  then i realized it 's supposed to be / r/thenetherlands . 
  funny , at the beginning he actually made a couple of good points and i could see where he was coming from , but his behaviour went rapidly downhill from that . 
  unbelievable . 
   decisive divisive ? 
   talk about disparity between east and western europe . 
  please do not generalize . 
  this is an extreme outlier , i was a student in eastern europe and have never seen anything even close . 
  at least in belgrade renting a private flat is hardly cheaper , and the dorms are highly sought after so only good students can get them . 
  they are not really very comfortable of course , but still not even close to the op 's pictures , even before the renovations .
