   i meant to criticize the greek prime minister for using that sacrifice and the symbolism around it to gain leverage for his financial problems with the eu . 
  oh yes , that is horrible , it leaves me thinking just how much lower can he go . 
   and in my opinion its also a bit hypocritical to honour the unknown soldiers of yesterday in a country that has another state attacked , occupied and annexed right now . 
  here we disagree . 
  the behaviour of today 's russia is not those soldiers ' fault . 
  and in the end , there were thousands of ukranians among those soldiers as well . 
  the fact that they do n't pay respect where it is due does n't excuse us from doing the same , unless you want to be the same sort of ignorant . 
  these people died fighting the nazis , thereby diverting a good part of german military might away from other fronts . 
  that 's enough for me . 
  i do n't think this is really fair . 
  the russian/soviet sacrifice in ww2 was real , and if it were n't for it the west would have had a much harder time fighting off the nazis . 
  the current russian government is shameful , but that does n't mean the people died in ww2 do n't deserve a bit of respect . 
  it does suck that ptin is using them as a daily politics tool , of course . 
  that 's what he had in mind , probably . 
  i never said they do , or should , lapse . 
  my point was that there is no danger any more that the crimes might reoccur as the security model implemented obviously works for 9 years now , at least for protecting albanian population . 
  the perpetrators should be prosecuted without any time limit , of course . 
  how so ? 
  i am not able to open that link right now , but am really curious what makes you think that . 
  that would really depend on the deal made . 
  i do n't think albanians would easily agree to have them leave , and i think serbian side would have more important things to fight for in the negotiations . 
  to play the devil 's advocate here , why yes ? 
  kosovo 's independence was proclaimed unilateraly , based on the results of 17 years old referendum , with the strong objections of the parent state that was democratic at the time ( still is ) . 
  it was done without the approval of the un security council , which is supposed to take care of those things . 
  the justification used for recognition are serbian crimes toward albanian population , but those crimes at that point ended 9 years ago . 
  the point that i 'm making is , doing it that way could n't have ended well . 
  kosovo is now in status quo , its economy worst in europe and stagnating , and it is utterly dependent on foreign aid . 
  the rule of law is fleeting at best . 
  emmigration pressure is huge , basically whoever can emigrate does so - it is not a good place for its people . 
  an uncertain legal status of the state certainly has a dampening effect on any progress . 
  now imagine if they have waited for a few more years . 
  talking to kosovo officials slowly stopped being a taboo in serbia , and negotiations would have been possible . 
  and they could have gotten a hell of a deal . 
  at the least , they would have certainly gotten at least 50 out of 250 seats in serbian parliament , which would probably make them a part of most coalition governments . 
  they 'd have their own police . 
  serbia would continue to financially support them as underdeveloped region , and it could afford to as it would be doing better than it is doing now without having a territorial dispute . 
  albanian would be made official language in the region . 
  heck , maybe they 'd be able to get a proper independence referendum in 5 or 10 years , if they 'd still want it . 
  and all this under the eu supervision . 
  and with such a major pro-western influence in the parliament , i 'm sure serbia would make better choices . 
  there would not be this flirting with russia that we have now . 
  we 'd probably be joining nato . 
  i honestly think that for normal people this would be a better deal than this semi-independence that they got . 
  the point is , recognizing independence achieved in this way has a questionable effect on the welfare of the people affected . 
  you are basically making a bet that your recognition will eventually help lead to a full recognition . 
  which may still happen , but it has been 7 years now and kosovo is paying a heavy price of that status quo . 
   serbia has opened it 's borders to foreign goods , while eu did n't for serbia . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you are actually commenting on \u0160e\u0161elj 's actions as if he is a sane person that can be discussed with ?!, 
  * there , there *, 
  the truth is , it is partially his own fault and intention as well . 
  the only part of the process left is issuing the verdict and , potentially , a sentence . 
  however , that is postponed now because \u0160e\u0161elj asked for one of the judges to be replaced , which was approved . 
  the new guy is reading through the case documents for over a year now , and that is what is being waited on . 
  he would be told that he can go ahead and have those kids himself . 
  and rightfully so . 
  it is easy to prove . 
  steps : 1 ) find a topic you know a lot about . 
  2 ) find media articles about those topic . 
  3 ) marvel at all the errors . 
  4 ) realize how bad the reporting also is for the topics you do n't know a lot about . 
  it 's also the media 's fault , their reporting is abysmal . 
  really ? 
  that makes it even worse :d i too thought that serbian \u0107 = albanian q, 
  thanks . 
  it is really good to confirm this from someone who was actually there , even briefly . 
  actually i think that it was very progressive for its time . 
  what 's balooney and what makes it balooney ? 
  and who had the lack of staff ? 
  the programme on their website in decidedly anti-eu : http://dss.rs/nacela-politicke-neutralnosti-srbije/ [ link in serbian ] . 
  and dss . 
  of course , if you and your kind do n't like the results , that has to mean they are faked . 
  because that 's normal for you . 
  and again , seriously , are you 14 ? 
  `` alignment with the eu foreign policy '' is one of the accession requirements . 
  now , the eu needs a common foreign policy for that to work . 
  who 's we ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  there will be a referendum at the end of the negotiations . 
  however : * polls currently place support for eu between 50 % and 60 % * vast majority of people voted for pro-eu parties in the last elections, 
  thank you , this is so important to know . 
  to many people it seems that the process is not moving forward at all , and our politicians are not helping with all the ignorant and insane statements . 
  but it is definitely moving forward , albeit slowly . 
  no worries , wo n't happen that early . 
  however , it is the future . 
  deal with it . 
  what are you , 14 ? 
  how long 's maternity leave in denmark ? 
  i ca n't imagine that what you just described happens very often , what are the chances ? 
  definitely . 
  in serbia it 's one year and it 's definitely hurting employability of women between 25 and 35 . 
  heck , in the netherlands it 's 16 weeks and i 've still seen discrimination at job interviews based on that . 
  people can be bastards . 
   anti-british sentiment is rife in european countries this is just ridiculous and utterly untrue . 
  in the extreme case it is . 
  however i think it really is n't a problem . 
  as you said , on 20 % population , how much of the territory is not culturally dutch any more ? 
  like 1 % . 
  ah , ok , so you 're talking about the territorial diminishing of the space where the culture is , not the destruction of the culture itself . 
  are you serious , that reads a bit like sarcasm ?
