  i would even go as far as to say that picking up the alphabet is the easiest part of learning english . 
   and croatians ca n't read cyrillic script . 
  out of willful ignorance , though , not because the language is written in a different manner in cyrillic . 
  as a serbian , this discussion is pointless . 
  it is about what you do with your letters . 
  in serbian , cyrillic and latin basically have 1-1 relationship , and they both work perfectly well . 
  for polish , it is not the latin script that is the problem , but vast amount of different sounds that had to be represented in some way , and the way chosen is probably not the most optimal . 
  it is so because national governments make it so , especially these days . 
  can you quote the relevant parts of lisbon treaty ? 
  i am curious , but am having difficulties finding them . 
  so all those people not feeling european are also dumbfucks ? 
  it does very often in a public discourse of many countries , even though it is of course technically not true . 
   would scotland need to promise to join the euro ? 
  no , and even if so , in the name only . 
  there is no mechanism for the eu to * force * the country into the euro . 
  see : sweden , poland , and others . 
   would they need to join schengen ? 
  very likely not , they would get the opt-out like ireland did , for the same reason . 
   would they need to show they have stable institutions after leaving the uk ? 
  this could probably easily be proven during formal membership negotiations . 
  to give it more nuance , not the fact that he 's becoming the president , but the manner he was elected by . 
  he controls the media , they are not free , thus the elections were n't fair . 
  that is the problem , and that is what is being protested . 
  you are answering questions with questions : /, 
   borko stefanovi\u0107 and goran bogdanovi\u0107 were doing a clever job back in 2011 of not signing anything , nor with albanians nor with kfor , but negotiating . 
  what is smart about that ? 
  what is the benefit of stalling ? 
   vu\u010di\u0107 did n't do anything to rescue oliver ivanovi\u0107 from prison , he was in cell for more than 3 years and i strongly believe that few phone calls with berlin and brussels could have worked that out . 
  even if true , which i doubt , again , what would be the gain ? 
  kosovo is not his to keep . 
  he is not co-operative about kosovo , he is doing the absolute minimum required to keep the eu from complaining to much . 
  if he were really co-operative he 'd change the constitution and than recognize it . 
  except the elections were n't fair . 
  the video is from yesterday evening . 
  not sure about the situation right now . 
  i disagree with almost everything you wrote there but am at work and ca n't go to detail . 
  not in the traditional media though , and that 's what counts in serbia . 
   because all the politicians are the same shit this is exactly what vu\u010di\u0107 wants you to think . 
  it creates apathy and reduces resistance to his rule and frauds . 
  it is also demonstrably not true . 
  you are very correct to point out corruption as serbia 's biggest problem . 
  it is . 
  however , there are people and politicians wanting to fight it . 
  probably . 
  it also makes it way more difficult to take photos and know how many people there actually are there . 
  it also makes it easier to send the police in , if it comes to that . 
  just the republic . 
  no clue who downvoted you . 
  wow , you are not joking . 
  record high in 1841 was 6.53 million . 
  i had no clue it was * that * bad . 
   the eu really did a terrible job of planning for a state exiting the eu . 
  they believed it would never happen so no forward planning ever happened . 
   not they . 
  the uk was very much involved in that planning . 
  i 've answered it myself , but that is very drastic , i hope they do n't do it . 
  at least not until they fix euro 's reputation and make it attractive again . 
  but how to add an extra condition ? 
  a country must fulfill certain criteria in order to join the euro , and some countries choose to indefinitely delay fulfilling those . 
  unless you tie fulfilling those criteria to the eu membership itself , there is no way to make the country fulfill them once it is an eu member . 
  that 's guesswork . 
  croatia joined in 2013 . and they do n't have that loophole . 
  there is no indication they plan to close it whatsoever , i am not sure even if that 's possible without amending original treaties . 
  keep in mind that it is not really a must for new countries to join the euro . 
  it is very easy to circumvent that rule , and many countries are actively doing it ( sweden , poland , czechia , etc. . . ) . 
  what does * opening access to it services * mean exactly ? 
  serious question . 
  that 's also an easy fix . 
  in serbia , students who get the stipend are obliged to remain in serbia for at least 2 years after finishing their studies , otherwise they have to return the stipend . 
  denmark could introduce something similar ( also for their own citizens , who would not be much troubled by it ) . 
  yes , but as a non-eu national who immigrated to an eu country , what you are describing is oddly similar to the process i went through - again , as a non-eu national . 
  and yes , i do see the problem , because for weeks or months you do n't know where are you going to be for the next years . 
  it is a major hurdle . 
  and then still you have to register your address with the government , but that 's peanuts . 
  you lose a principle of free movement that way - that an eu national can carelessly and worylessly move for study or work or retirement to any other eu country . 
  as soon as there 's uncertainty factor involved , it stops being free . 
  why do n't they do it then ? 
  registering as a resident is a completely different thing than having to go through a country 's immigration agency first , so they can check if the quota has been reached for your nationality . 
  the former has a 100 % success rate , the latter does n't . 
  with the former you can plan ahead , with the latter you are dependent on the third party . 
   yes , it makes sense that people can move to other countries but there is no rational reason why countries would n't be allowed to have at least some kind of caps once immigration is very high and unbalanced . 
  once you start involving limitations you start involving bureaucracy . 
  and that 's when the movement stops being free . 
   but why are we in denmark obliged to offer the same benefits for eu students - the most flexible and volatile demographic group ? 
  because everyone in the eu is obliged to treat all eu citizens like their own - not just you in denmark . 
  why not simply make danish language courses mandatory , or even hold part of the courses in danish ? 
  that will both increase the future workforce participation and reduce the attractiveness of danish universities . 
   i think a possible solution would be to not offer full courses that are fully taught in english . 
  this is indeed the solution for the problem . 
  i 've never seen anyone on this sub getting offended by a national flag . 
  nobody in this thread said anything of the sort . 
   it 's crazy is n't it ? 
  people have been completely brainwashed to hate anything slightly patriotic . 
  but will gladly display love for the eu as the new european fanaticism . 
  this ... this is simply not the case . 
  walk the streets of any european city , you 'll see national flags are way more common than eu ones . 
  ok , now i understand what you mean . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  generally mixing the alphabets in such a manner is a bad practice . 
  it 's not that easy as it sounds to do that .
