  the eu has its problems , but the current rate of expansion is not one of them , nor would stopping the expansion fix anything . 
  i find it both tiring and heartwarming . 
  but this is their moment , and we should let them have it . 
  do n't worry , your time will certainly come . 
   is this bigger is better philosophy actually based on research that concludes it to be beneficial for the people and not just corporate greed and power ? 
  good question . 
  i am not sure if there is any research , but it is certainly beneficial for the people of the joining country and at least its closest neighbours . 
  as the integration itself is actually gradual , the effect felt is too . 
  on the other hand , we are so small that even if we were to join tomorrow in this crappy state in which we are now , the rest of the eu outside of our closest neighbours would barely feel the difference . 
  actually , it took less than 6 years - from october 2005 to june 2011 . 
  croatia signed the accession in december 2011 and after that it was just bureaucracy . 
  i agree with that notion , but there are exceptions . 
  how would you finance transport and research without government funds , for example ? 
  i do n't feel those are subsidies per se . 
  why would you want to choose nothing ? 
  yup , it 's europa or evropa in slavic languages . 
  same here , living in the netherlands but close to the german border , i have a feeling groceries are cheaper in germany . 
  you 'll at least have somewhere close to emmigrate to . 
  why is this not being upvoted higher ? 
  i can imagine it 's hard to believe . 
  in serbia , i think everyone at least considers getting out at some point in their lives and it is a widely discussed topic . 
  on a survey my faculty 's done several years ago 70 % of students answered they 'd leave the country if they could . 
  it is still a very brave thing to do , though , and i know several people who chickened out despite having a very good opportunity abroad . 
  twist : you are in the french part !, 
  this one at least seems to be not on us , seems more like a miscommunication between thaci and his envoy . 
  but you probably do about neighbouring countries , or any other european countries you might have been to . 
  well the band i linked started it , back in the early 90s , and they grew to be very popular . 
  now there are several active irish bands in serbia . 
  i 'm not sure how they themselves got into it . 
   you do realize that each country has a different educational system right ? 
  at the university level they are not that different . 
  music !, 
  irish ( folk ) music has given rise to bands like the pogues and flogging molly that i really enjoy listening to . 
  fun fact : there is a relatively large irish music and dance following in serbia , largely due to [ these guys ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=het2xdn_tbq ) . 
  not sure how much of lisbon i 'll get to experience that day , but i 'll be there for the next three days as well , so i 'll get a thorough look . 
  did n't know about the arctic monkeys gig , though . 
  * bitterly looks at his plane ticket that says 18th july *, 
  or `` i 'm trying to sell you something '', 
  haha , called it !, 
  [ danube level higher than expected ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2013&amp;mm=06&amp;dd=13&amp;nav_category=12&amp;nav_id=722641 ), 
  i am used to taenk posting these . 
   that would require a radically different biology for them so they 'd be able to breed . 
  since when is the ability to breed necessary for a legitimacy of a relationship ? 
  or do you think all the heterosexual couples who ca n't have children also should not be allowed to marry ? 
  thanks !, 
  i was in a rush and was unable to find proper links . 
  honestly , i do n't know . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2013&amp;mm=06&amp;dd=10&amp;nav_category=12&amp;nav_id=721459 ) is the most serious article about floods i was able to find until now , and still it does n't seem they are taking it very seriously . 
  thanks for the source , although it is hardly unbiased . 
  the problems described [ here ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/google-self-driving-car-problems-2013-3 ) sound very serious to me , and 5 years is just too short time period in which they are supposed to solve those problems and test the solutions properly , let alone pass into laws . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think they will be a revolution that will change the concept of personal transportation and i look forward to them . 
  i am just afraid we 're still not that close and am trying not to get too hopeful . 
   but does that mean write off all the arts/music/history / philosophy students ? 
  not all - but maybe there are too many people studying those subjects ? 
  at least in serbia it feels like there is . 
  implications will indeed be huge and wide , but 5 years seems to be to soon , do you have a source for that ? 
  i 'd estimate at least 20 years before commercial models are available . 
  serbia : * state agencies are about to be surprised by danube flooding . 
  * the timeline for implementing the plan for the implementation of the agreement between serbia and kosovo is in the works . 
  * the opening of the accession negotiations with the eu - whether we will get the opening date or not in june . 
  depends on the cdu-csu 's will in bundestag . 
  from what i 've seen on the pictures , looks like a nice place to live in . 
  i know they have their own language , but i 'm not sure if it 's actually spoken . 
  i also heard they have issues with their cars corroding due to the air being saturated with all the salt from the surrounding seas . 
  i do have a feeling that class division here in the nl exists , but is a bit more subtle . 
  there 's a class of student society bros that easily gets above almost everyone else , and that has almost no contact at all with blue-collars . 
  on the other hand , i 'm still just an external observer , so i might have gotten it completely wrong . 
  as a serb that visited the usa , i had the opposite experience - we brought our own beers , but it turned out they had a keg available for everyone to peruse . 
  eh , do you have any sources for that ? 
  the number that 's mostly being handled in the media is 40 000 in the north and around 60 000 scattered across the south . 
  also , for the precision 's sake , the census revealed the correct number of albanians is around 1,7 million . 
  officially , it is a rebellious region . 
  the current negotiations will probably move its official status to a `` province temporarily administrated by the institutions in pri\u0161tina '' , but that 's as far as any government can go without changing the constitution . 
   why exactly wo n't the serbs accept kosovo 's independence ? 
  it is a historic birthplace of a serbian culture and state . 
  many medieval serbian monasteries are there and serbian orthodox church is still powerful enough to sway public opinion , and naturally finds those monasteries very important . 
  it does n't help that kosovo albanians have tried to burn them down in 2004 , making the fears of the church quite legitimate . 
  next to all of this , around 100 000 serbs still live in kosovo , and they do n't want to be a part of the albanian state . 
  90 % is a bit of an overstatement , i 'd dare say . 
  most polls show that economy is more important issue to people than kosovo is . 
  however , the negotiations are under way about it , so it gets the media spotlight . 
  it 's also a very easy topic to be patriotic about , so politicians love it . 
  i 'm not sure it works that way . 
  once in the eu , there 's no motivation for a nationalist old guard to get off everyone 's case . 
  branimir , branislav and tomislav are all common names in serbia as well , although i guess at least some people realise they are croatian in origin . 
  there are tihomirs as well . 
  all these names would be somewhat archaic now , and i do n't think they are often given to kids these days . 
  i ca n't believe you 're getting downvoted . 
  this thread scares me . 
  deutsche bahn had some help , though . 
  afaik , up until very recently the intercity bus lines were forbidden in germany . 
  also , outside of subscriptions and special deals , db is not cheap . 
  no clue if and how much of federal money does it require to cover costs . 
  here :  there 's quite a big line between the dutch and eastern europeans, 
  it was also sung in serbian , a language the people from the region could understand . 
  i just do n't think things like this are news anymore . 
  somebody in uk calling for * staying * in the eu would actually be something new . 
  it seems to me the feeling is mostly that of resignation . 
  some kind of deal had to be made if serbia is to open accession negotiations , and this is it . 
  then again , it seems to be good that things are finally moving - 14 years long status quo was getting tiring and was a money drain with very little transparency involved as to where the money is going .
