  as i said , i was curious about the concrete aspects that are destroyed . 
  afaik 16 % of the nl population are immigrants - so you could call that * massive * . 
  what particular aspects of the culture have been destroyed ? 
  as a fairly recent immigrant to the nl myself , i am curious to know what aspects of the dutch culture are destroyed in the last 30-50 years ? 
  to me it looks like dutch culture is still very distinct , alive & kicking . 
  i 'm supposed to fly tomorrow . 
  with your recent successes in fight against corruption and your low unemployment , the difference is getting bigger . 
  you find it hard to believe because it is not true . 
  they were beaten because they were gays . 
  \u017dene u crnom are a target because they remind people of the horrible truth of srebrenica . 
  but slightly over 50 % of the population are pro-eu . 
  they ca n't be all getting beaten . 
  `` they let anyone in these days '' ... 
  jimmies would be rustled . 
  i would buy a passport cover that looks like this . 
  and then i 'd put my serbian passport inside just to confuse people . 
  but seriously , nice work , i like it . 
  i heard this argument many times in serbia , but i disagree . 
  in the west people thought the same of gays as late as 50 years ago . 
  but their method worked out in the end , and i see no reason for it not to work in countries such as serbia or russia . 
  in serbia you can even see . 
  pride 2010 created a warzone out of belgrade , it was that bad that the next 3 attempts were forbidden by the government . 
  but then when pride 2014 finally happened , there were almost no riots at all , although everyone was prepared for them . 
  and i firmly believe that the next pride events will be more calm , until they become something normal , and then simply a party for everyone . 
  please do not feed the troll . 
  basically everything he says is incorrect , and there is good evidence that he 's not from serbia at all . 
  he 's just trolling . 
  please do not feed the troll . 
  basically everything he says is incorrect , and there is good evidence that he 's not from serbia at all . 
  he 's just trolling . 
  when i opened my account at wells fargo i got a rather big stack of checks to do with them what i please . 
  i had a job in reno , nv , and was getting paid by check . 
  granted , all this was in 2008 . 
  not sure if things have changed since then . 
  btw , i see you live in nyc . 
  you have my envy , it 's the best place i 've ever been to . 
  it is definitely alienating when you 're not in it but surrounded by it . 
  not that short-stay visas are not required any more it 's a bit better , but before it was indeed ridiculous . 
  while waiting for the parent , i 'll have a go , just what i could think of in a couple of minutes : 1 ) almost non-existant public transport 2 ) listed price is not what you pay at the register 3 ) impossibly cheap gas 4 ) free refills for sodas 5 ) cities are not really walkable 6 ) people speaking only a single language 7 ) people not really aware of what 's going on in other countries 8 ) short vacations 9 ) wall-to-wall carpeting everywhere 10 ) a/c everywhere 11 ) checks as a payment method 12 ) different traffic boards, 
  you are both making very reasonable arguements . 
  it is confusing me , i do n't know who to agree with !, 
  no , they are just getting very good at detecting it . 
  blond serbian checking in . 
  we definitely exist , but are a minority . 
  that would probably not work well too , for several reasons : * some modeling gigs ( lingerie , for example ) prefer `` curvier '' body types . 
  it would be easier for models to achieve requested bmi for such gigs , leaving the rest of the industry in trouble . 
  * 18 is high . 
  you 'll get girls exercising compulsively to maintain enough muscle mass to get as close to the runway look while still maintaining the mandatory bmi . 
  * it is enough to find one bribeable doctor and all the agencies that use him/her are in advantage ( btw , more respectable agencies already * do * care about the health of their models ) . 
  * there are costs associated . 
  models ' wages are already not very high , and this would make them lower . 
  i think it is a better solution to simply introduce an age limit , set it somewhere between 16 and 18 . 
  i think this would mostly solve the `` too thin '' problem as well . 
  that is simply not true . 
  i see your point , and the point of the law , but i disagree with it . 
  i would really like to see some numbers that support it . 
  afaik , only a small minority of actual anorectics become so because they saw skinny models on tv . 
  as with most self-destructive behaviours , it is usually a symptom of some other , underlying , problem , until it becomes an addiction . 
  secondly , how do you estimate which model is `` anorexic '' ? 
  it is a psychological illness that requires a professional to diagnose it . 
  would send all the runway girls to mandatory psych sessions ? 
  or weigh them ? 
  i ca n't see this being enforced without models losing some of their dignity ... 
   well you could say that obesity prevents you from doing a lot of job not by law , though . 
  imagine if there were a law preventing fat people from doing their jobs after they go past certain weight . 
  this is no different . 
  i plan to visit both at some point . 
  there is a high-speed train going from one to another , the price is like $ 80 for something like 4-hour trip the last time i checked . 
  so , completely doable . 
  all the horrible politics aside , i think it 'd be well worth the trip . 
  serbia and hungary : step 1 ) lose wars . 
  step 2 ) profit . 
  oh yes . 
  the media are really enjoying this one , in the meantime conveniently forgetting that the serbian state is doing everything in its power to keep quality of life in kosovo as low as possible . 
  can we rent her ? 
  i think so , yes . 
  if iron curtain = = communism , then it was , but civil liberties and freedoms were much better . 
  yugoslavs had freedom of travel to the west - thus , the curtain was n't really that iron for them . 
  things like this propagate , to the east in balkan case . 
  thus , neighbours , hurry up , and then we 'll be next . 
  student agency coaches have free wi-fi inside and are quite comfortable , more so than planes i 'd say . 
  for people worried that this will increase organised crime : it wo n't . 
  tourist visas are generally not a problem for criminal organisation - those organisations that want to operate in the eu , already do . 
  the worse case scenario is that this might increase petty crime , say pickpockets who visit one of the major cities for a 3 months long `` working holiday '' . 
  on the other hand , this will enormously help regular people of kosovo to feel part of the continent they live in . 
  not being able to travel freely , not even to neighbouring countries , is an incredibly isolating experience . 
  this decision makes me glad . 
   cache cash . 
  well they are n't that secret anymore , are they ? 
  sometimes eurostat includes ( some of the ) candidate countries in these things . 
  keep in mind that 's a single guy 's opinion . 
  in my opinion , it were not the cultural differences that brought yugoslavia down , but the fact that ruling elites in 80s and early 90s in both serbia and croatia ( way more in serbia ) found it easy to use ethnicity and religion as means to prolong and expand their power , not hesitating to ignite a war when it suited them . 
  i do n't think the cultural differences are all that big . 
  i feel they are bigger within italy , but italy had luck not to be under communism . 
  ok , that honestly sounds nothing like djb . 
  these are the `` good '' guys : http://dostajebilo.rs/ ( serbian only ) . 
  the vast majority of / r/serbia voted for them . 
  it 's not going to happen for as long as they are in this shape . 
  even if ( somehow ) all the other countries would agree , france has to hold a referendum for their entry . 
  as it is , that referendum will never pass .
