  there were also a lot of attacks on eastern europeans coming from that island . 
  i do n't feel very welcome there currently . 
  there is definitely anti-british sentiment on this sub . 
  it is sort of understandable , there are many federalists here and brexit is a big nail in the coffin of that particular dream . 
  on the other hand , what this girl was expecting was ridiculous . 
  as a serbian citizen , working in the eu institutions did n't even cross my mind , it is not possible as i am from a third country . 
  why would the rules be different for the uk citizens ? 
  but ... that only makes sense . 
  what did she expect ? 
  i see your point but i disagree both with it and with the reasoning that made you reach it . 
  but i guess we can just agree to disagree . 
  it 's not about affording it , it is about time and a hassle needed to get it . 
  for example , irish visa is free for serbian citizens , but i still never went there even though i really want - the hassle involved makes me choose other , easier to get to , destinations . 
  as someone who had to take a schengen visa before , it is very much an obstacle and dampened my travel in my student years for quite a bit . 
  my first trip to the eu as a student ( out of the total of two ) was a 3-nights trip to vienna . 
  i remember it taking me about 3 days to collect all the required documents ( including opening a euro nominated bank account that i had to use to prove that i have 100 euros per day of trip ) . 
  in the end the total documentation was over 20 a4 sheets of paper , i still have a photo of the stack somewhere . 
  all that to be issued a single entry austrian visa that was valid for 4 days . 
   in contrast of the usa , europe is a patchwork of many different cultures and mentalities that will never be forced into a made-up-uniform-this-is-the-european . 
  the usa used to be a patchwork as well , and in many ways still is , but now only cultural rather than a political one as well . 
  someone born and grew up in california to a white family will have cultural distinctions to someone born in new york to the first generation immigrant parents . 
  those distinctions may be as wide as ones between any two european nations . 
   europe is a patchwork of many different cultures and mentalities that will never be forced into a made-up-uniform-this-is-the-european i do n't see these two as exclusive . 
  it is possible to retain cultural distinctions and politically gather in a common political unit . 
  again , the usa is a very good example , so is india . 
  i met quite a few indian people who claim the differences within their own country are larger than the differences they perceived in europe . 
   there is still the us-and-them mentality there certainly is , unfortunately . 
  and it is being enforced by local politicians who are finding the eu to be a really nice scapegoat for their own mistakes and incompetence . 
  luckily , not all politicians are like that . 
   that is fine . 
  why should it be a problem ? 
  it is a problem because ultimately it leads to things [ like this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii ) . 
   let french be french as we 've just seen , the french are in a disagreement about what it means to be french . 
  around 65-35 , if we disregard even larger split in the first round . 
  same goes for the other mentioned nations . 
   if the greek want to retire at 53 ? 
  fine !, 
  but let them pay for it themselves . 
  [ greek retirement age ( formen ) is 67 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/retirement-age-men ) . 
  and it is indeed the goal that they can pay for it themselves . 
  nobody is talking about merging of the retirement funds here . 
   and let the dutch work until they are 65-67 , because they do n't mind going that extra mile for a high standard of living . 
  there is quite some disagreement between the dutch themselves on this one . 
  as a taxpayer here in the netherlands i would be all for it . 
  the fact that it would make the entire eurozone , and thus the internal market , more stable and richer is something i am sure dutch companies , that have above-average capital , expertise and the mentality , would profit from way more than the price of such pooling would be . 
  also , you seem to get downvoted for voicing an opinion . 
  i rectified that situation as much as i could . 
  that 's actually a suprisingly small number . 
  i 'm afraid very few countries would vote for the federal option then . 
  but maybe it would be a good start nevertheless . 
  the reason that european elections have a horrible turn-out is that european parliament is ( correctly ) perceived as unimportant and impotent . 
  the rejected eu constitution was a way to change that , but people did n't want it . 
  the people told us what they * not * want 10 years ago , they did n't tell what they * do * want . 
  and neither have you , * having a system that works * is not saying too much . 
  what do you propose we should do about it ? 
  i have a sense we really should do something to counter this , but i do not know what . 
  facts do n't seem to be helping . 
  a very insightful comment , thank you . 
  i do agree with you . 
  i would maybe just classify fvd as [ completely anti-eu ] ( https://forumvoordemocratie.nl/standpunten/europese-unie ) rather than just eu-sceptic , i have completely forgotten about them in my parent comment . 
  pvv going from 15 to 20 seats is n't really doubling , though . 
  or are you counting in pvdd there too ? 
  that is an extreme point of view that is not held by many i think . 
  it was n't clear to me that you are speaking exclusively about asylum seekers and refugees . 
  my comment was about the immigration in general . 
   what 's the point of an extra 2 % growth if the country in which you live no longer feels like home you like having your pension , right ? 
  also , socities change . 
  for a 60 year olds the country may not feel like home any more because everything is different from the time of their youth . 
  it 's a normal process . 
   nd many of the people receiving the fruits of your labour lack a kinship with your society ? 
  yeah , but you also receive the fruits of their labour . 
  it is a 2-way street . 
  no , but they may be obese because they 've seen too many ads for sugary drinks and unhealthy food . 
  that is what should be targeted i think , as it is a way more widespread issue . 
  but i do see way more overweight people that underweight ones . 
  i can see that happening , but i really hope that 's not the case . 
  being able to speak english should be given these days ... 
  yes but i am guessing that the eu as a whole normally does its negotiations with 3rd countries in english . 
  no reason for that not to be case here . 
  it would deviate from the standard language these kind of things are being negotiated in , i guess . 
  it would also make it like 10 times as hard for the british . 
  not something you do if you want talks to succeed . 
   eu 's brexit negotiator demands all talks are conducted in french this was proven to be false . 
  they 'll find themselves a new enemy soon enough . 
  that is a different thing , and a problem indeed . 
  for some reason rates are not fixed , but classes ( high and low vat rates ) are . 
  is there any country that is actually bothered by this ? 
  bad news sells better , so the media will focus on those , making general population think that things are worse than ever . 
  they do , and having just been there , i could n't see the point as well . 
  in theory it is supposed to prevent exchanging national pesos directly to foreign money , but there is not much point in that when you can just exchange convertible pesos to the national ones . 
  it does succeed nicely in making class differences more visible . 
  not something their government aimed for , i guess . 
  boris johnson was one of the heads of the voteleave campaign , the one behind the infamous 350m bus . 
  you asked for one example , here it is . 
  cameron is a strawman argument here . 
  he is not the one who is negotiating , he 's simply not relevant for this thread . 
   you 're right , we do want that , only most of the eu right now has realised that treating us as a third party state is n't a punishment at all , so their minds have changed and they want to punish us instead . 
  how is the eu treating the uk in any worse manner than other 3rd party states ? 
   i got the sense that uk needs to be taught a lesson so that it dissuades others from leaving as well ... what you call `` teaching a lesson '' i call treating the uk as a 3rd party state , which is exactly what the uk wants . 
  it is obvious and logical that any new relationship between the uk and the eu will be worse than the one that currently exists .
