  it 's horrible . 
  let 's hope everyone chills out a bit by the time negotiations start . 
  fully agree . 
  they are slowly closing the loopholes , but abuses are still rife and enforcing the rules is a problem . 
  i am not sure what the best way is to go about that . 
  how is this upvoted ? 
  come on guys , this is not the way to go about things . 
  do n't put yourselves down to farage 's level of discussion . 
  in the netherlands at least it does . 
  the `` work market check '' is thorough , takes several weeks and they do reject companies who do n't prove they tried hard enough to find an eu worker . 
   amount of misinformation and vitriol that people are saying is ridiculous . 
  i actually thought you are talking about the leave side . 
  that is what i got from them . 
  also , having the likes of boris and farage on your side does n't help at all . 
  while wishing to believe your decision was well informed , it is genuinely hard to understand how then the vote to leave conclusion was reached . 
  what ?!, 
  afaik , it has n't still been ratified by the netherlands . 
  it is more than enough , it would take about 5 tops . 
  i doubt they 'd get their opt outs back , though . 
  many people in serbia would at this point be happy with german leadership . 
  brace for butt-hurt reactions and try not to take them personally . 
  everyone is rationally aware of the 48 % , but this is affecting all of us . 
  is n't dutch law the same , though ? 
  dual citizenship is forbidden . 
  why ? 
  it works great for the usa . 
  that only makes sense , it is much easier to achieve growth in percentages if you have a low start . 
  never attribute malice to something that can be explained by plain ignorance . 
  you are technically correct . 
  the fact is that the guy just won 48 % of votes , making for almost unprecedented popular support . 
  he is only technically caretaker . 
  he does have mandate for the next 4 years . 
  unfortunately . 
  and if the war and the break-up had n't happened , ibrahimovi\u0107 would had been in that team too . 
  well the guy 's being downvoted , for a reason . 
  they are their elected representatives . 
  is the eu supposed to double-check any national government 's decision on a separate referendum ? 
  since when are facts ad hominem attacks ? 
  give it a shot . 
  actually , somebody already have , for sure , just try to google it . 
  i 'm curious if you 'd find anything . 
  that is extremely hard to do with the election system you have there . 
   and the stay camp is any different in that regard ? 
  actually , i have yet to see blatant lies such as these from the remain camp . 
  the trump one has a valid point , the problem is in the choice of the photo . 
  ok , but what is it then that does ? 
  when i see on this sub people talking about the two things i mentioned in my parent comment , what am i supposed to think ? 
  i 've seen your comments around and i do believe that you are making an informed decision , albeit the one i disagree with , but do you think like 90 % of the sun readers do ? 
  `` blame '' or `` thank '' ? 
  this sub seems to be pro-brexit to me . 
  even among the non-british . 
  in any case , most of the people seem to be massively uninformed about how the eu works and what does it mean for them . 
  it is mostly the fault of the eu itself , but it should also be the duty of the media to inform the citizens , and they are simply not doing that . 
  i see in this sub that things like turkey 's membership and european federation are swaying people 's opinions towards leave , which is funny , as none of those things will happen in our lifetimes , if ever . 
  i fully disagree with that guy . 
  you guys are an asset and it 'd be a catastrophe if you leave . 
  today the dutch media estimates that a direct economic damage to holland would be 10 billion euros . 
  total : $ 0,419191, 
  both !, 
  how do you not understand ?!, 
  why would n't they be ? 
  despite everything , greece is still doing way better than any other balkan country , in no small part due to their eu membership . 
  i expected her to get her phone out and write down the number . 
  when that did n't happen , i could not think of anything better to do other than repeating the number a couple of more times , that was basically as far as my dutch went at the time . 
  given that this was my first traffic accident ever , that i had no idea what she was saying and was also unable to express myself , my reactions were not the best . 
  i could have tried to use pen and paper . 
  i had paper , but possibly not the pen . 
  in any case , that only occurred to me once i got home . 
  what made me stop is me crashing into a tricycle of a mentally disabled person and breaking their front light . 
  it was my first year in the nl and i spoke almost no dutch . 
  panicked that i somehow crashed into a single dutch person that does n't speak english , i repeated my phone number several times , promised to pay any costs of the repair , and left . 
  only later when i replayed the event in my head i realised that the person is challenged and that there is no chance she remembered my phone number . 
  at that point there was not much that i could do , except be sad about the fact that i just added another problem to a life of a person that probably has many already . 
  i steel feel bad about it , and since then i never did anything more than calling while cycling . 
  unfortunately , there is also that part about over 40 % of voting population voting for him :(, 
  why not ? 
  it 's a huge country . 
  in the balkans , it is simply not done , at least i 've never seen it . 
  cities voting more left/liberal , versus rural areas voting right/populist is a europe-wide phenomenon . 
  how does that make sense ? 
  why would that reduce their right to have an opinion and to voice it ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  but i am in minority , many people seem to take an emotional approach . 
  nope , nobody seems to care very much . 
   russia regards serbia as one of its european allies , and this alliance becomes much less valuable i really hope this is true . 
   as he said , you can quote who you want . 
  if you take the current boe governor , he 'll tell you that leaving the eu will plunge britain and the eu into recession . 
  if you take a former boe governor , he 'll tell you the eurozone is on the verge of collapse . 
  these two things are not mutually exclusive . 
  this is controversial statement at best . 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  edit : to the downvoter : you are welcome to provide a source . 
  actually for the highly skilled people , especially from stem fields , the us is way more lucrative . 
  in general , you get twice the money and in turn sacrifice half of the vacation time . 
  for many people it is still a very nice deal . 
  plus , they speak english there which is convenient . 
  the problem is that immigration laws in the us are considerably tougher than in the eu countries , something that is personally preventing me from trying my luck there . 
   especially from eastern europe , since the alphabet 's completely different in some places . 
  this is not a hurdle that is as big as it seems to people normally used to a single alphabet . 
  most of the cyrillic letters have their latin counterpart , i think it 's the same with greek , so it is not something entirely different like asian scripts for example .
