  often a logo or a graphic that looks perfect in one alphabet looks awkward in the other . 
  in this example , av can fit rather nicely . 
  ab less so . 
  while reading , the effort to switch is so negligible that it 's simply not worth the man-hours . 
   respective reading audience ? 
  the reading audience is not split by alphabet used , everyone in serbia reads both . 
  the only exception from this are a few ultra-nationalists that consider latin a foreign import and care enough , but they are not av 's target audience . 
  so * over the top * = = * unregulated * . 
  yes . 
  it works scarily well . 
  sad . 
  av is predicted to win in the first round , with 50 % of the votes . 
  the first next guy has around 13 % . 
  the only thing that can take av under 50 % is a very high turnout . 
  in the netherlands it 's not uncommon , especially if it 's a public holiday or someone in the house has just graduated . 
  oh , and if there 's a major soccer tournament ongoing , in the times the nl was still participating in those . 
   the eu barely has any non-eu trade deals . 
  it fascinates me over and over again that you all based your vote on so much ignorance and disinformation . 
  no , he does n't really . 
  for example , no sanctions to russia from serbia . 
  but he is saying he does , and that 's enough these days i guess . 
  i sort of like that taking back of cyrillic from the nationalists . 
  oh , come on . 
  there is a considerable difference between 48:46 and 55:45 . 
  if you check the link i posted , there were plenty of polls where leave was in the lead . 
  there is none like that for scottish independence . 
   because the polls were saying stay and the vote went dont stay  that 's a common misconception . 
  it 's not true . 
  the polls were very close , only slightly leaning towards remain . 
  in the context of this reddit post , yes . 
  otherwise , no . 
  and nobody wants to hurt the uk . 
  the current polls tend to show that their uk membership is more important to them than eu membership after all . 
  independence polls seem stuck at 45 % . 
  i 'd like to have them back , but currently it seems to be unlikely . 
  the question was about opening and closing all the chapters . 
  they would have to do no such thing . 
  there are plenty of member states that are not in the eurozone . 
  i 'd guess so , but am not sure . 
  maybe better to look for information about such a specific case outside of reddit . 
  reducing the deficit is not a condition for the eu membership , but rather for that of the eurozone . 
  true , the netherlands as well, 
  how else can they do it ? 
  of course , the assumption is that it would n't be much different than the one it is today . 
  it is sort of a moot point though , at least personally i do n't believe they 'll get over 50 % to vote for independence . 
  i think only germany and the netherlands have issues with dual citizenship . 
  he 's not talking about an empire . 
  why are you intentionally misreading ? 
  3 could be enough i think . 
  chapter open , chapter closed , in many cases there will not be much to it . 
  very unlikely . 
  this guy is genuinely grassroots . 
  it is really a combination of factors , basically a perfect storm for him : 1 ) he has almost full control of the traditional media . 
  taking into account serbia 's old population , that means most people get informed via tv , and that 's blatantly pro-vu\u010di\u0107 . 
  2 ) a lot of ( old ) people simply always vote for the government ( unless said government is progressive/liberal ) . 
  3 ) young people are apathetic and do n't vote . 
  this is a feeling that has been for years strengthened by pro-vu\u010di\u0107 media and people , but was always there up to a point . 
  4 ) he does n't really have a defined policy or standpoints . 
  he is saying as few things as possible that people might disagree with . 
  5 ) he has putin 's support , but also statements from the eu that they are happy with his government . 
  6 ) the opposition is in a disarray . 
  the definition of success for all other parties except his is going over 5 % vote threshold needed to get into the parliament . 
  there is no one to really oppose him . 
  that 's why his main opponents in this election are non-party candidates like beli . 
  to further federalise in what manner ? 
  you are just writing lies now . 
  you mean the same canada that has just signed the most comprehensive trade deal ever with the eu ? 
  not true , id only is enough to enter serbia for all eu citizens . 
  that is simply not true . 
  the uk has a full freedom for its visa policy , except towards other member states . 
  this is literally a link to the official website . 
  but if you were taught a simplified version of the story , that explains the attitude of a lot of british people . 
  they are pro-eu in the name only . 
  they are n't really doing anything to advance towards the membership , and even less to share european values . 
  normally they are organized in serbian parts . 
  and cross only at official border crossings . 
  and potentially wait in a queue . 
  and if you use a highway , you have to stop and wait for them to process everyone in the vehicle . 
  and hope there will not be any problems with any one person . 
  good luck riding a bus . 
  even worse , it makes us rely on british and american press . 
  should random people commenting on reddit really affect your opinion on how the eu should be viewed ? 
  the sentiment of that guy is by far not prevalent . 
  most people are simply sad that you are leaving . 
  that is _ also _ a problem . 
  i still think saving money somewhere else can also be painful . 
  easy ? 
  that money has to come from somewhere , but from where . 
  some other public service will have to suffer . 
  hi did however say that the * wrong * sort of populism did n't win . 
  implying there exists a * right * sort of it , which i deeply disagree with . 
  with that said , you are right , sp is more populist than vvd at this point . 
  him being the second biggest is not much of an argument considering that both the 3rd and the 4th parties have only one seat fewer . 
  turned into percentages , it sounds even worse - 13 % is not really a success for someone striving to rule , even if it went upwards from 10 % . 
  i do agree with you that he should still not be underestimated as a threat . 
  at this point i am not that much scared of wilders , but of someone like wilders showing up , but less insane . 
  that 'd be really dangerous , and i am afraid that person can end up being baudet . 
  what would a reasonable alternative be ? 
   vvd for the economy this kills groenlinks . 
  wo n't happen .
