i literally winced haha . 
  nah , maybe if your parents were english and you had close ties or planned to come back but otherwise no . 
  an immigrant or non english person in england that calls for mass immigration or does n't care if we become a minority is a pure scumbag imo . 
  that said , by no means do all such people support these things , i know plenty that do n't . 
  english people are n't as mixed as was thought for a long time , i think we get about 75 % of our dna from the people that came here from iberia thousands of years ago . 
  it helps being part of an island that has n't been invaded for a thousand years . 
  anyway , i 'm not a one drop nazi or anything , i would n't say i have a hard and fast definition . 
  i 'd class ross barkley as english and he 's got a nigerian grandparent . 
  sorry mate but that 's far too simplistic . 
  a vote for labour or the tories does n't mean english people are fine with becoming a minority in england , that 's ridiculous . 
  labour fucked us over by opening the floodgates against our wishes , mostly to secure new voters . 
  tories do n't openly encourage immigration either , they might support it on the quiet to import cheap labour but they got elected in 2010 pledging to get net immigration down to under 100k , same this year . 
  immigration is , and has been at several points in the last decade , the most important issue to the british people . 
  currently 77 % of people want less , with  50 % of people wanting it `` reduced a lot '' . 
  even going back to 1964 , every time the british people have been asked if there were too many immigrants here a majority of people have said yes . 
  this is n't just english people by the way , if it was i have no doubt the numbers would be even more lopsided . 
  english people , as i said . 
  the only people whose opinion matters to me on this subject . 
  you 're looking at this from a new world perspective where citizenship is everything , and anyone can be american . 
  which is great it if works for you lot , but it 's only possible because the natives were almost wiped out and completely subdued . 
  having english ancestry does n't make us more important than anyone on a global scale . 
  but i believe we have the right to say `` no , we do n't want to become a minority in our own country '' . 
  every people should have that right . 
  you 're not integrated if you 'd commit treason mate . 
  that 's basically the absolute minimum people expect . 
  i genuinely do n't understand how you can hold both positions , to me it 's an oxymoron . 
  i am english yeah . 
  there 's a massive english diaspora it 's just that the places they go to happen to be places the british colonised so they assimilate easily , ie in australia , nz , canada , us . 
  putting myself in your shoes , if i 'd been born abroad and had such a love for all things england i 'd probably just move here tbh . 
  is this a fucking joke ? 
  who gives a fuck what you think ? 
  most english people have absolutely no desire to become a minority in our own country thanks very much . 
  i 'm not taking it to heart at all mate , no worries . 
  i just found it a strange complaint and wanted to get to the bottom of it . 
  no passive aggressiveness either , just mucking about . 
  i did n't really see the double standard because i assumed every country/language would have a different name for their own emigrants . 
  if , like you say macedonians do n't , then i can see why you think it 's a double standard . 
  would china and turkey not have their own terms for these things anyway ? 
  i am macedonian and we call macedonians who live abroad immigrants . 
  well that just sounds daft to me . 
  it seems like you 're annoyed that people call you an immigrant when we 've given ourselves this fancy term of expat , why do n't you try calling yourself an expat and see if you can get away with it !, 
  british people have been complaining for a very long time . 
  fat lot of good it 's done us . 
  live action role poles . 
  but surely they 'd only be called expats in their own countries , therefore i would n't hear it ? 
  for all i know bulgarians in bulgaria do call bulgarians in the uk expats . 
  `` almost never '' used by westerners to describe themselves , `` always used '' for non-westerners , pretty big generalisations . 
  are you by any chance a non-western immigrant ( sorry , expat ) and this is a bit of a sore point ? 
  but why would we call a fellow briton that leaves the uk an immigrant ? 
  from our point of view they emigrated . 
  to me an expat is someone that plans on coming back one day . 
  so it would be fine for a bulgarian in bulgaria to call a bulgarian working for two years in the uk an expat . 
  every time a british person spells arsehole like that the queen cries . 
  do you like making the queen cry ? 
  is that a confession ? 
  ... are n't you syrian ? 
  why do you say `` them '' not `` us '' , `` they '' not `` we '' ? 
  a syrian refugee in the netherlands saying `` fuck off with preservation of culture '' and `` if muslims become a majority '' is exactly why a lot of europeans are reluctant to let more in . 
  possibly influenced by france 's boots on the ground intervention in mali which i believe was considered a success ? 
  when i think of stereotypical british surnames farage is pretty low down on the list tbh . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34148913 `` nearly 5,000 syrians have been granted asylum in the last four years and the uk has accepted 216 syrian refugees under a scheme to relocate the most vulnerable begun in early 2014 . '', 
  not contesting your main point but syria is definitely not on the uk 's doorstep , they 're 2200 miles away . 
  newfoundland is the same distance from the uk . 
  if we 're talking landmass then nz is twice the size of england . 
  we 're just packed to the bloody gills with people . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jan/28/british-dream-europe-african-citizens `` time and again , our team uncovered africans who were not any longer from africa . 
  they were eu citizens and actually giving up welfare rights in places like scandinavia to come to the uk . 
  indeed , we met so many nigerians from germany , or somalis from denmark , that we asked oxford university 's migration observatory to crunch the numbers on how many eu migrants are not originally from europe . 
  they found that 141,000 people , 7 % of those who came to the uk under eu rules were born outside the continent . 
  somalis are one of the biggest such groups , with an estimated 20,000 coming to the uk from the netherlands alone . 
  studies show that between one third and a half of the entire dutch somali community has moved to the uk . '', 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/somalis_in_the_united_kingdom#secondary_migration `` there has also been some secondary migration of somalis to the uk from the netherlands , sweden and denmark . 
  [ 43 ] [ 44 ] according to refugee expert jill rutter , in some locations , secondary migrants make up the majority of the somali community . 
  [ 45 ] an academic article published in 2011 suggests that , since 2000 , between 10,000 and 20,000 somalis in the netherlands have moved to the uk '', 
  one thing to consider is that as soon as any of these migrants get european citizenship they are free to move to the uk and we 're powerless to stop them if we 're in the eu . 
  it 's not just europeans that use the freedom of movement - we 've been lumbered with tens of thousands of somalians with dutch citizenship in the uk . 
  in the future it could be tens of thousands of syrians or iraqis with swedish or german citizenship . 
  must mean we 're doing something right . 
  i expect you 're radicalised now and planning on joining isis ? 
  i 'm sure you 'll be bringing it up all the time from now on . 
  what are you on about ? 
  the world cup was cancelled last year . 
  this is what pisses me off about the `` halp halp we 're being brigaded '' crowd . 
  despite the polls you quoted they refuse to believe that the viewpoints expressed and upvoted in these threads are coming from average europeans . 
  instead they try and pin it all on the nazi bogeyman . 
  i 'm sure there 's a relative handful but nowhere near enough to dominate discussions . 
  then there 's scottish gaelic which is also a language of its own , mostly spoken in the outer hebrides . 
  there 's a band called capercaillie that sing in it , it 's a beautiful sounding language . 
  [ am buachaille ban ] ( http://youtu.be/qihqebr-jfk ), 
  `` mr cameron also set british employers should training more british workers to fill shortages in their workforce so they do not have to rely in migrants . '', 
  was this translated to another language and then back again ? 
  we hit the rollover jackpot my son . 
  i 'm not gon na kiss the mods arses for doing what should have been done ages ago . 
  the modding on this sub is the worst of any that i read . 
  there 's at least one mod still knocking about that needs to go . 
  we do n't like it . 
  we 're just really fuckin good at it . 
  the opposite of football . 
  poor bloke 's gone to shit since he retired . 
  oh good , another sport we 've invented but are shit at .
