  montenegro has been invited to join the north atlantic treaty organization despite strong opposition from its traditional slavic ally russia . 
  with montenegro joining , russia would lose strategic access to the adriatic sea and serbia would remain its only ally in the region . 
  nato 's deputy secretary-general rose gottemoeller , who visited montenegro last week , said she expects the country to become a member next spring after all 28 nato member states ratify the agreement in their respective parliaments . 
  if we europeans are dumb and selling them , then it ca n't come as a surprise to us when they gon na own us . 
  your comment was about cultural heritage and art is the one of the most important parts of it . 
  if you mean solely architecture , then you have n't seen a lot in the netherlands . 
  you would n't troll here , if you would have visted the amazing towns like gouda , delft , haarlem etc. 
  `` eventually understand that i have come to serve my people , not dominate over them . '' lmao, 
  good for those born in the time mantinels for the benefit claims , but it 's more show off move from the government . 
  if they really wanted to change something and do it more sustainable , they could lover the tax on books and culture for instance . 
  it would have incluided all italians and not only a few . 
  italy needs a long term plans and not wasting public money on a free gift away actions . 
  this is tiny drop , it wo n't change anything in a market of 60m people . 
  it would have been better to do something more sustainable and long term to really see some effect . 
  legacy of roman empire stronk, 
  [ ... and some danes never return home ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tycho_brahe ), 
  france petit, 
  you are topping us by salary quite a lot, 
  he said `` that 's why we do n't have the right to ask why the west is so ahead of us '' . 
  i think , he meant turkey as well ( islamic world in general ) . 
  though , turkey is the most developed from all of them in this regard ( maybe azerbaijan came close ) . 
  islamic world will never reach the west , if half of their entire population ca n't contribute to the development of their nations . 
  surprised , that this is coming from erdogan, 
   czech food industry is mostly in czech hands . 
  i would agree , that the eu legislation on this particular topic is a long run . 
  also , it 's not a `` hot topic '' for many eu regulators and officials , since it affects eastern states and not particularly their home states ( if it does n't bother my voters , then it 's on the second track ) . 
  most importantly , lobbying is massive in food industry . 
  legislation is often interwined with the interests of the industry . 
  majority of the companies operating on the cee markets are global compmanies , who used the empty niche after the fall of communism and bought local companies or started from the ground up . 
  this resulted in their dominantion on the markets in the region ( we are talking about around 80 % of the market in case of cz for instance ) . 
  obviously , if you have dominant position , you can push forward your interests resulting in even bigger profit and low cost . 
  surely , costumers are the only one , who can do someting about it . 
  their position in this `` fight for quality '' is not really the best , since they do n't have options ( the market is fully dominated by the globals ) . 
  so , basically you can choose between bad and bad . 
  what the people started to do , is that they go for the `` farmer products '' or `` czech farmer products '' , which you can find on the city market or in specialised shops . 
  obviously , farmers do n't sell everything and you end up buying some stuff in the supermarkets anyway . 
  many people , who live in the border regions , travel to the nearest german and austrian supermarkets . 
  other option is to search for the few products meant for the western market . 
  basically , if it 's original packing and the label contains only western languages , it should be fine to buy . 
  for instance , m&s shops import british products with original labels to their stores here , so these products are good quality and quite popular . 
  the thing is , that there is a lack of common eu legislation in this regard . 
  we have common market with similar rules and options , yet you get different products in the identical packaging from the same producer . 
  it 's like if usa had different quality of their products in each state . 
  if it 's made in usa , it has to follow the made in usa standard . 
  the food industry in europe is using loopholes in various legislations and the lack of common eu standard for the `` product adjusting '' . 
   while having an average 1/3 salary of their german counterparts . 
  and they pay more , things are much more expensive there if you go to a rossmann or dm . 
  kind of ironic , is n't it, 
  it 's a shame , but it 's basically people fighting global corporations with lobbying in every legislation making center . 
  they use the loophole to make profit . 
  it 's nothing new under the sun . 
  i 'm glad , that the awareness of the issue is rising among customers and hopefully there might be some change for the better . 
  it basically says , that native speakers should be more careful when communicating with non-native speakers . 
  it makes sense . 
  there are different dialects in anglosphere itself , i.e. 
  people in australia wo n't fully understand some midwest slang etc. 
  now , imagine chinese native speakers trying to grasp , what the midwest guy wants to say . 
  people should use proper english ( international , if you want ) without slang/region limited vocabulary / idioms etc. 
  * czechs are better off from the socio-economic point of view . 
  czech republic has the [ lowest poverty rate ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:at-risk-of_poverty_or_social_exclusion_rate,_2013_and_2014.png ) in the entire eu . 
  * this also affects emigration rates . 
  czechs do n't migrate in high numbers . 
  they are very region centred and family oriented ( there is not even migration within the regions of czech republic ) . 
  on the other side , slovaks migrate much more . 
  many choose czech republic ( no language barrier ) . 
  * other factor is the roma minority . 
  they end up in prison much more likely compared to the ethnic nationals . 
  slovakia has almost half a million of roma . 
  cz has half the number . 
  * top 6 foreign nationals in czech prisons : ( slovakia , vietnam , ukraine , romania , poland , bulgaria ), 
  old grandpas living their nazi denial, 
  what about the land of [ ottokar ii of bohemia ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottokar_ii_of_bohemia#/media/file:karte_b%c3%b6hmen_unter_ottokar_ii.png ) maybe austrians and slovenians might be up to our rule . 
  we would introduce them glorious atheism . 
  belgium has neighbours with sense of humor / s, 
  zagorov\u00e1land is obvious choice, 
  horrible . 
  they are from the gypsy minority . 
  they most likely exploited other gypsies as they earned their trust since their communities are quite close to each other . 
  central , but i 've noticed that uk media refer to anyone east of germany as eastern ( except austria ), 
  exactly , here we have old style communist party living on the ex-soviet sentiment . 
  some of their stances are unbelievable . 
  they love russia , because it was the `` glorious '' soviet union , yet they do n't get that today 's russia is hardcore capitalist and nationalist country . 
  they have n't reformed , they admire lenin and even stalin . 
  they live in mental limbo , not accepting that the world has changed and that the truth is somewhere else . 
  wow . 
  usually , russia today is watched by few individuals ( except russian minorities i guess ) , but not like it 's particularly popular among bigger groups of non-russians, 
  maybe because germany does n't want to be hated again . 
  if you want to be world player like usa or russia , using force and influence not rarely against the will of the targeted group/nation/region , you have to count with the backlash, 
  do germans watch russia today ? 
  crazy, 
  yes , there were many . 
  the point was , that if you spoke german it did n't mean necessary , that you were ethnic german . 
  northern vietnam , north korea , afghanistan , the whole central asia , half of europe , cuba , angola ?? 
  russia was in as many countries as usa, 
  that could be applied after 1946 , when these laws went in to action . 
  in this logic , it 's hypocritical of austrians and germans to claim any jew living in their territory , cos you genocided them . 
  so was my grand grandfather , but he is not german . 
  you have to understand that unlike in germany , a-h was multi ethnic state . 
  german was official language , the prefarable language and the language of higher education .
