  i hope , ukraine will join both soon . 
  there is a lot of work ahead , but it 's in the best interest of europe ( we do n't want another dictatorship beside russia and belarus on our borders ) . 
  like this macho style helps voters to decide positively toward union . 
  french politicians should look at their own mess first . 
  russia can into middle east, 
  russia needs to understand , that nobody wants to unite with russia . 
  also , their constant self-declaration as superpower is really nostalgic . 
  they are just regional power ( and weakening each decade ) . 
  us and china gon na be superpowers of 21st century . 
  also , eu could be superpower one day - maybe , i went to far with his one :-), 
  kremlin propaganda is successful . 
  russia is never going to be a normal country . 
  exactly !, 
  based on this , germany has 10 more visa free countries then we do . 
  i could track 5 countries : guyana , mongolia , namibia , qatar and vietnam . 
  what are the other ones ? 
  what made baltic states and poland to request for the presence of nato forces in their countries ? 
  was it friendly russian policy toward them ? 
  russia used its natural resources to blackmail european countries , because of the price and ukraine . 
  russia just thought that it will get what it wants due to european dependence on russian gas . 
  well , russia was wrong . 
  those are well known facts . 
  russian way of trading and behaving on the world stage just simply does n't work . 
  to use natural resources to blackmail your partners , to use intimidation and showcase of army in crimea and elsewhere . 
  these are n't the ways to gain respect , to find partners and economic prosperity . 
  hopefully , russia will realise it one day . 
  we got , that russians have their own mentality and that is ok , but saying that everyone is trying to destroy the image of russia is just wrong . 
  look at russian neighbours , from finland to baltic states , poland , ukraine , georgia , azerbaijan etc. 
  and what they have to say . 
  many can speak russian there , they can watch russian tv channels and listen radio , they know what 's going on in russia . 
  russian neighbors fear russia ( russian politics ) and there are reasons for it . 
  russia does n't want to be left alone , but to interfere in other countries ( especially those nearby ) . 
  almost all neighbours are complaining about the aggression - coincidence ? 
  yes , transitioning to democracy is hard . 
  we had to transition after the war and 40 years of communism , in russian case it was around 70 years of communism . 
  even here are still people ( older ones ) who have nostalgia and who are stuck in their heads . 
  it takes time to fully recover . 
  i get the confusion and disappointment of russian people after the fall of ussr , but what is there now is n't any better . 
  people need to take the political proces seriously , to be active and to be part of the change for the better . 
  yes , russia ca n't be fixed by anyone 's solution unless it wants the change itself . 
  russia is not too foreign or different for democracy . 
  democracy thrive around the globe , in countries like japan , south korea , south africa , chile etc. 
  and russia is much more european compare to those countries . 
  sanctions were not meant to force people to choose someone else by making life harder , but to end the aggression of russian leaders toward ukraine and to secure baltic states . 
  the restricitons , which target the ordinary poeple the most are the ones which kremlin imposed itself - like the ban for imported food , goods , some foreign companies etc. 
  kremlin 's actions distracted global markets to invest and trade with russia , bacause it became unpredictable partner . 
  the same goes for russian oil and gas , europe was blackmailed by the supplies from russia , so europe is searching for another resources and another partners . 
  russia destroyed its image as trade partner . 
  russia should focus on itself . 
  it should forget its myth of eternal enemies ( it has n't any different competitors as any other country ) , but to build friendly bridges with the rest of the world . 
  nobody is saying that us are saint . 
  they have their interests , but they are also the world economic , cultural , scientific etc. 
  powerhouse and they are democracy . 
  if russia was clever , they would focus on economy , science etc. 
  like china does . 
  china is becoming powerhouse , and not because it has very aggressive confrontational policy like russia with dictator in the lead , but because its economy , finance , technology , culture and the potential of its people . 
  even their communist party has changed over the decades and hopefully it will become more relaxed in upcoming decades . 
  china is going to be successful , russia is destroying itself . 
  those are dictator admirers , sad bunch, 
  with this manual we gave them , turkey can blackmail eu every couple of years . 
  other countries can do the same ( the whole north africa . 
  there was some libyan attempt already ) . 
  we go straight from the fire into vulcano . 
   finally , we will never be able to truly grasp what turkey does with the money great . 
  so we 're basically sponsoring erdogan and his people . 
  money well spent . 
  why ca n't we monitor where it goes ? 
  russian admiration of `` tsars '' is beyond the modern way of thinking . 
  also , russian mentality , that they are going to be respected only when everyone around is going to be scared of them is really medieval . 
  you are only destroying your image . 
  we are living in 21st century and russian paranoia of the `` evil '' west and the rest of the world is claustrophobic and filled with complexes . 
  instead , russians tolerate oligarchs , mafia and everyone who elect itself as the `` tsar '' and let them to plunder the country and make russia backward . 
  yes 90s were difficult times , but it was difficult for the whole ex-communist block due to transitioning to market economy and establishing democracy . 
  we succeeded , as the majority of countries , but russia , ukraine and few others failed to transition to full democracy . 
  russia can never succeed without freedom and uncorrupted institutions . 
  it 's sad to see the country with such potential to fail again and again due to internal problems . 
  and the money will miraculously disappear in the hands of turkish officials and we are where we were :-), 
  if there are money for turkey , for ukraine , for whoever . . there should be eu budget for the basic of the basics : security and border patrol + the money used for `` refugees '' inside eu would be directed to refugee camps in turkey , jordan etc. 
  would be nice to make un , gulf states and others to contribute to refugee camps around syria . 
  yeah , i believe that even turkish officials are involved in the smuggling business . 
  easy money , if you consider like 1k euro per person . 
  criminals wherever you look there . 
  if eu wanted , turkey would do what we ask for but there is no will ( as different people in power have different interests ) . 
  so we better watch how people drown , wander throughout half the continent , criminals make fortune and european unity is endangered . 
  yeah , i do n't think we will agree on this . 
  i wo n't mention merkel , cuz the attitude of your government is known in every village around the globe . 
  pls . 
  don \u00b4 t start something with : the eu is not just a big honey pot and contribute in a crisis - a false argument used over and over . 
  they wo n't run because of `` hate '' , but because of the relaxed attitude of german officials , established national groups and beneficiary policy which they wo n't receive here . 
  simple as that . 
  we are not in desperate need for workers and if i remember correctly , we never promised them the land of honey + not to mention that , they wo n't stay anyway and run to germany as soon as possible, 
  . . then , do n't let mafioso smugglers to transport them to the islands . 
  this policy , only supports criminals . 
  support them in turkey and take them from there if you wish . 
  unbelievable . 
  he would rather sacrifice the whole russian population and send them to the poverty , then to cut his interests and the wealth of `` his people '' , end the wars and restrictions , etc. 
  this is what i call determination ( not a good news for the ordinary russians , but it seems to be a russian tradition of suffering ) . 
  so , why they 're not sending airplanes to transport them to germany safely ? 
  the time , when groups of people wandered throughout half of europe , are over . 
  also , greeks can always send them back to turkey and protect its borders .
