  my muslim friends are also from countries , which i would not consider ultra conservative ( turkey and indonesia ) . 
  i do n't know people from arab countries , except one girl from lebanon , who is orthodox christian . 
  it 's true , that when i have interacted with arab students at uni , they were more likely to avoid me or they got uncomfortable to talk with me . 
  i kind of understand their `` culture shock '' as they were raised in very conservative environment . 
  that 's the reason , as i wrote before , that it 's very important to introduce them our culture , our values and to get them familiar with us ( especially , people who are going to live here ) . 
  we should help them to overcome the `` culture shock '' and teach them tolerance and also , that it 's ok to be religious and tolerant at the same time ( here , moderate muslim teachers could help us ) . 
  what to say ? 
  we tolerate intolerable attitudes of people raised in ultra conservative countries . 
  we hope , that they will just blend easily into our society and that they will adopt our values . 
  i wish it was the truth , but it 's not this easy . 
  i am myself lgbt person living in big european cities ( amsterdam , vienna and prague ) and i am becoming more conscious about my own security ( i bought pepper spray ) . 
  when i get publicly harassed ( usually public transport , train stations , big stores etc. 
  ) , in 90 % of cases , it 's coming from non-native ethnicities . 
  i am not making any judgement here , but this is just my reality . 
  i do n't know what to think about it . 
  is it lack of education or hatred or religion or bigotry . . 
  i do n't know . 
  solution ? 
  i guess education . 
  we have to start with it since the day one they decide to live here , otherwise it 's problem and not just for lgbt people or jews or any other vulnerable group , but for the society as whole . 
  you do n't pay attention !!!, 
  i said : we ( europeans ) have fighted for our freedoms for centuries ( against church , ** against absolutism ** etc. ), 
  you replied : * not in the uk * so i answered you by * magna carta * , here you go ... 
  you are losing the context bro , and yes , unlike you i know what magna carta is p.s. 
  i should have written like 99 % against sharia law in europe ( my mistake ), 
   says who ? 
  says like 97 % of europeans  not in the uk . 
  [ already since 1215 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magna_carta )  which value is violated by religious arbitration ? 
  well , more than 50 % of uk population is non-religious . 
  the connection between anglican church and state is rather historical . 
  uk is secular state with high degree of personal freedom ( not affected by religious doctrines ) . 
  sharia has no place in modern european countries . 
  we ( europeans ) have fighted for our freedoms for centuries ( against church , against absolutism etc. ), 
  and we wo n't tolerate violations of our values in our countries . 
  if someone wants to live under sharia law , such person have to seak country , where such laws are implemented . 
  i was always scared , but i wanted the sweets so much, 
  coal ? 
  heavy industry ? 
  damn, 
  * sharia courts in britain * ???? 
  am i in the nightmare-future , when we are not secular society anymore ? 
  or is this really happening ? 
  ransdorf is such a joke, 
  i am ok with halal as far as it goes along with our regulations, 
  very beautiful town indeed, 
  * \u00d6sterreich , derives from the old high german word ostarr\u00eechi `` eastern realm '' * here you go ... 
  medieval mentality - i think , it describes it perfectly, 
  vorarlberg is supposed to be part of switzerland anyway, 
  well , if they want to live here , they have to get along with our values , otherwise they can choose another place, 
  eu calls on refugees : * women have rights * homosexuality is legal * atheism is widespread * state is secular * zero tolerance for religious fundamentalism * you ca n't marry 10 years old * education is crucial * contraception is possible * free press * opinions can be said and heard, 
  the true weapons of civilised world are : education and contraception . 
  let 's throw it on them . 
  is n't qatar beside saudi arabia and turkey the `` silent '' supporter of daesh ? 
  i see , they make their partnership legal . 
  erdogan and merkel : the sequel of fifty shades of grey, 
  rather something like belarus, 
  jesus , do n't be such frightened . 
  we can have referendum on eu unless we become rich neutral democracy like switzerland - which does n't seem to happen soon . 
  so , we have to find compromise , otherwise we become something like belarus . 
  it 's disgraceful for us to have even a discussion with erdogan, 
  no access to schengen please !, 
  stop the war in syria and problem is solved . 
  refugees can return and we help them to rebuild the country . 
  why this does n't happen soon : * russian vs. 
  us interests * erdogan * bashar al-assad, 
  numb . 
  one for canada !, 
  i knew that maple leaf is all me, 
  good as free day !, 
  but i do n't like that it 's based on christianity . 
  we celebrate our pagan traditions on that day anyway, 
  more job opportunities in cz . 
  500k romani people , who are mostly unemployed . 
  [ check this report ( but it 's from 2011 ) ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-roma-survey-employment_en.pdf ), 
  actually , it 's 60 % and it 's one of the lowest rates among romani in eu , but still wtf . 
  the romani unemployment rate is around 60 % ( as of 2011 ) and it 's one of the lowest among romani people in europe . 
  still , it 's a big problem in whole eu . 
  there are more job opportunities in cz . 
  also , the romani minority is 300k in cz compared to 500k in slovakia , they live mostly on benefits so it screw the employment statistics as well . 
  romani are also a bit more integrated in cz than in sk . 
  we are gay and we are proud !, 
  they do , but inside the same entity ( eu ) . 
  we have say and we can influence the course . 
  in regards of china , we have absolutely no say in their matters and they will just do what they want . 
  china does n't want strong politically united eu , but better small unsatisfied countries which are easy to take . 
  we should invite china for friendly lunch at home to discuss stuff , but not keeping them inside for long , coz then they take the whole house . 
  maybe our region should help to improve the eu , to become active player in eu and not taking eu as something what putting us down , it 's the exact opposite . 
  we are small continent , we have to work it out together otherwise others will take advantage of the chaos here . 
  china is hardcore trader following its interests . 
  their aim is not to improve our lives , but to get the markets meaning more power . 
  they are using money instead of guns to get what they want - practical and clever . 
  and how we know anyway , that the money we give them for refugees are n't stolen by erdogan and his people through corruption ? 
  i do n't know , if it 's good or bad, 
  tourism destinations -- nights spent at tourist accommodation establishments , 2014 ( \u00b9 ) ( million nights spent in the country by non-residents ), 
  so , how we get rid of them ? 
  poland is our saudi arabia, 
  austrian nobel-winner playwright and czech porn actors - what can be worse for poland ? / s, 
  i think , nato should suspend membership of turkey . 
  turkey is ruled by dictator at this moment and it supports daesh and fight against the kurds . 
  this is the exact opposite of what the rest of alliance stand for .
