  it 's just politics . 
  there is something highly suspicious about this move . 
  something has to benefit him . 
  the timing and everything . . he has something going on . 
  time will tell . 
  the hunger games are on . 
  why ? 
  i thought , he was pro europe . 
  is it because he wants votes ? 
  interestingly , i 've seen french docu on tv like 10 years ago , where they depicted the future of europe in this century . 
  there was the global warming and mass migration as the major factors which we 're going to face this century . 
  they pictured the agrarian transformation of the south and central europe , as the average temperatures rise ( orange plantations around paris , the water management , etc. ), 
  and the migration , where millions of people wanted to enter europe ( due to instability in their home countries , climate change ) . 
  there was futuristic high speed train connecting spain and morocco , where was some kind of hot spot for migrants . 
  they always selected few of them ( young , healthy , etc ) and those could board the train to europe . 
  there were thousand of people camping around the hot spots , many with zero chance to ever board the train . 
  it 's interesting , how we are getting closer to such futuristic scenarios . 
  future gon na be fascinating . 
  of course , atheism is as old as humans, 
  good, 
  i would like to change the fact , that we do n't have the sea !, 
  but in the netherlands , you can buy them warm and fresh on the market, 
  i would like to visit italy , france , spain and portugal again and again ... the food and the culture are too good outside of europe : canada , new zealand and the south of chile and argentina the least : probably parts of russia , belarus , ukraine , kosovo etc. , places where i wont feel safe outside of europe : i wo n't visit the gulf states , some central american and african countries , pakistan, 
  i 'm happy for the uk . 
  i hope , you support the european side in the upcoming referendum . 
  are [ ny times ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/08/opinion/austrias-islamic-reforms.html ) ok ? 
   which in turn were demanding the right to be allowed to select the imam . 
  they ** often imported people directly from the middle east **, 
  i do, 
  imams should go through certain training , they should have education from university ( not from madrasa ) , they should know the local language and the local conditions . 
  they should be registered by the state . 
  to import unknown persons with doubtful education ( if any ) and from countries like saudi arabia , it 's like - you can ask daesh to send you imams . 
  * in austria , hundreds of mosques and muslim organisations across the country are funded by foreign governments including saudi arabia , which in turn were demanding the right to be allowed to select the imam . 
  they often imported people directly from the middle east with little understanding of european culture and no knowledge of the german language * i 'm shocked , this was ever allowed in europe . 
  it 's like actively helping to deteriorate your own country by foreign governments . 
  i 'm good at geography , so i know about all of them, 
  there is no official date , but it 'll be between 2020-25 . 
  kind of late . 
  well , it had impact on czech products being more competitive ( price ) to others . 
  since we are export oriented , it helped industry . 
  people complained about it since the day one , coz it also made everything outside of cz more expensive . 
  i hope we adopt euro soon , but there are many interests against it here . 
  i think , it 's beacuse we have koruna and not euro . 
  all the other countries there have euro . 
  our currency is artifically undervalued by \u010cnb ( czech nat . 
  bank ) on the 27czk for 1eur to support export . 
  \u010cnb wants to end the restrictions next year . 
  let 's see what will happen . 
  not really . 
  when you think , that our salary should be between the spain and cyprus ones ( when gdp taken in account ) , it 's kinda depressing how are our salaries undervalued . 
  you 're right about the factors you mentioned . 
  americans cherish the individual freedoms and that the state does not intervene much in their lives . 
  europeans kind of never had that , because of many factors . 
  it 's hard to say , which system is better . 
  personally , i would like the combination of both : less bureaucracy and social justice . 
  the closest to it , seems ot be canada . 
  ok . like i could care less about ppl working abroad , cuz it does n't affect me individually . 
  yet , i care for far play and that ppl are treated well and are not discriminated against . 
  regarding britain , most ppl coming there to work . 
  so , benefits are not the issue ( i guess , you could check some statistics ) . 
  i would be in favor of no benefits across the whole eu for healthy working age individuals for let 's say 4-5 years . 
  i would support kids though ( they ca n't work obviously ) . 
  not in uk sure , but i 'm not sure about the uk outside of uk, 
  let me cri with yo, 
  be glad !, 
  you get europeans willing to work . 
  some countries have a shortage of workers so have to/will have to import from other areas of the world ( including cz : thank god for ukrainians ) . 
  there is a massive lack of european workers on the horizon . 
  some countries already prepare for it . 
  true , but many europeans got where they are today ( prosperity and freedoms ) only after wwii . 
  americans had it for much longer time . 
  i 'm in favor of this , but the same has to go the other way : no benefits for britons on the continent for 4 years, 
  austria ca n't cope with the huge influx , that has to be obvious even to merkel and juncker, 
  yep , american and european values differ a bit . 
  dissatisfied europeans crossed the pond and made us . 
  it would be weird if they made the same system from which they 've escaped . 
  of course , it 's in their doctrine to spread the religion ( same goes for christianity ), 
  no , muslims who 're hating on jews, 
  interesting how they want to be tolerated , but they wo n't tolerate others . 
  kind of awkward . 
  of course there is this correlation between muslims and anti-israel moods ( unfortunately ) . 
  the anti-semitism is on the rise among young native europeans as well ( it should n't be among muslims , because many are semitic themselves - it 's weird ) . 
  edit : it 's like if someone does n't like the policy of china and is going to hate on all chinese , taiwanese , singaporeans , chinese americans , etc. 
  this is what i get with people hating on the policy of israel . 
  ok , do n't agree with the policy of the state , but do n't hate on the people , all the jews around the world . 
  that 's what i find stupid . 
  unfortunately , many muslims seem to like this xenophobic and hating approach . 
  so is the out of control migration to the eu, 
  i think , it 's in the interest of both the uk and germany, 
  they were living with us for hundreds of years till nazis took them to death camps . 
  their presence is just part of this country , so there are no problems with it . 
  only neo-nazists are against everyone , but they are the problem for the whole society . 
  i do n't get the rise of antisemitism in western europe , it 's kind of sad ( like people have forgotten or something ) . 
  for every anti-semite here : watch the new hungarian movie [ son of saul ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3808342/ ), 
  i do n't get anti-semitism . 
  it 's one of the stupidest things . 
  those people are just completely dumb and uneducated . 
  there is the friendly rivalry in ice hockey or any sport and when there is the musical competition like superstar o eurovision . 
  even if one loses , fans start to immediately support the other team and the media start to write about how good they were . 
  why is he still talking about internal borders ?
