  i know plenty with childern . 
  they seem to be quite fertile . 
  so shall we follow things like this : * when men fight with one another , and the wife of the one draws near to rescue her husband from the hand of him who is beating him , and puts out her hand and seizes him by the private parts , then you shall cut off her hand . 
  deuteronomy 25:11 -12 * because it 's in bible !, 
  basic math ? 
  there are approx . 
  [ 33 000 ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-has-isis-killed-terrorist-attacks-linked-islamic-state-have-caused-2399779 ) of victims of isis . 
  church has helped to murder around [ 60 000 ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/652335.the_witch_hunt_in_early_modern_europe ) people , mostly women , accused of witchcraft only in europe between 1450 and 1750 . 
  yep , because if you look closely at protestant countries today . 
  they rank high in education , science , trade , equality and personal freedom . 
  catholic `` world '' is lagging behind in the majority of disciplines . 
  society evolves so does religion . 
  religion is created by people . 
  sure , you can follow faithfully texts written in cave in the middle east two thousand years ago , but you will stagnate and fail in the future . 
  look at islam . 
  it was more progressive , than christianity at the time and due to stagnation and rigit encapsulation , it failed to follow the needs of the society and it was the brake of the needed progression . 
  i think we are under both germany ( till 1806 ) and a-h ( since 1806 ) . 
  exactly , built from exploitation of poor peasants and natives . 
  what a `` moral '' church . 
  it also forbids masturbation , are you sinful boy ? 
   is considered a sin . 
  it would be encouraging sinful behaviour . 
  let me tell you a story . 
  catholic church is everything except a moral supervisor . 
  they preach water , but they drink wine . 
  the church has been built on sins . 
  they murdered so many people , that isis is nothing in comparision to them . 
  they destroyed so many people , families , traditions and cultures , that they should pray all day long to their god for forgiveness . 
  take notice vatican, 
  i would vote for macron, 
  yep , so can have different regions i.e. 
  switzerland, 
  it 's because our mountains are super old and they have been deformed over the time . 
  alps are much younger . 
  most of czechia is comprised of bohemian massif , from the time of the continent of laurasia . 
  most of the peaks were created during devonian and carboniferous period . 
  they were tall as eastern alps today . 
  europe is super competitive continent . 
  the competitiveness is mainly among individuals , companies , cities and regions . 
  ararat , armenian clay ? 
  schneekoppe , the best koppe, 
  data from 2015 : 105 614 ukrainians 101 589 slovaks they are close third vietnamese with 56 900 ppl . 
  are in quite a distance from them, 
  those thugs are in every country . 
  why should we separate people based how similar they speak or look ? 
  very dangerous thinking here . 
  russia does n't care about `` slavs '' at all . 
  my classmates were there and russian thugs wanted to beat them , cos they did n't speak russian . 
  some portuguese student was attcaked in poland , cos he looked `` foreign '' there , etc. 
  similar cases , similar assholes . 
  i do n't think there was much difference between english and russian hooligans there . 
  following the news , it was like watching the planet of apes . 
  how insane you have to be to do this, 
  show some love for praga !, 
  vatican with its wealth collected from peasants over the centuries and with its influence , could manage some support for those poor souls . 
  hungary should support atheists , the most persecuted group globally . 
  it seems like brexit entertains people all over the world, 
  sometimes i wonder , where russia is heading, 
  this was expected , they will ask for more money in the end, 
  they are cute peasants, 
  the data are based on luz ( larger urban zone ) by eurostat . 
  it 's not pop . 
  within city limits , but the whole metro area . 
  luz of prague had 2,522,136 ppl ( 2014 ) . 
  [ big bada boom ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwzg7syzkf0 ), 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  the battle is far from being over . 
  it might take decades . 
  also , germany and czechia have much larger area there . 
  good points . 
  it 's going to be interesting to watch the change . 
  it 's mostly the land for agriculture , which i think is going to make more room for wildlife . 
  that is austria . 
  the picture is from [ trojmez\u00ed ] ( https://www.google.cz/maps/place/trojmez%c3%ad+cz%2fat%2fde/@48.7630613,13.8394467,8565m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0xa041551b8fedc037!8m2!3d48.7716235!4d13.8395575 ) , border region where czechia ( north ) , austria ( south ) and germany ( west ) meet . 
  austrians did cut all trees to fight bark-beetle . 
  czechs and germans choosed different approach . 
  germans let nature to take care of it . 
  czechs use mix of methods , the nature approach in the most protected areas , and logging of infected trees in less protected areas . 
  it 's still disputable how to fight it . 
  austrians even sued us , that we do n't cut our trees so their trees get invaded by bark-beetle . 
  the population will live in urban centres even more in the future . 
  the countryside is going to be more green since we need less and less land to feed our population . 
  it makes sense to introduce big european mammals back where they belong . 
  the ecosystems will improve significantly . 
  we get lost in many countries and mountain ranges , we do n't discriminate, 
  well , it 's closer than ever . 
  national politicians like to blame eu for their own failures and incompetence . 
  they do n't have problem to take money from the eu though . 
  eu became something like punching bag . 
  if something does n't work , let 's blame eu . 
  also , many local politicians play the national card . 
  they portray eu as some empire taking their liberties so they want to create something like `` national resistance '' . 
  when you look closer , people have the most liberties they have ever had and it 's the local politicians again who spread false information and complain the most . 
  it 's harder for them to profit , to hide corruption , to make environment profitable for themselves and their circles , they are more limited , their incompetence is more obvious . 
  payed mostly by france and oil companies , not by eu, 
  more like priorities of individual member states , you have to ask france , uk and germany why they did n't want it before, 
  libya was a play tool for france and the uk . 
  they kept gaddafi in power till it was profitable for them . 
  they helped to cause the mess there . 
  they did n't think it will evolve into the civil war .
