   yes , but according to one of the lawyers who proposed more anti-gays laws , gays must hide because you can be homosexualized . 
  it 's like a virus . 
  if they allowed gays to be public , all russians will become gays . 
  they ca n't let it spread . . 
  i guess , everyone who is able to read and use the internet , can educate themselves . 
  it 's the same idiotism like some of the hate preachers saying that women deserve harassment because they use perfume . 
  we have one saying : `` the worst clash in life , is a collision with stupid person '' - ca n't say it better . 
   but at least the homosexuality is n't spreading there . 
  men act like men in mother russia . 
  they have to live in the closet , that 's what changed . 
  men can continue to act like rednecks in mother russia . 
  nice to see the consequences . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/ict_specialists_in_employment ), 
  what 's wrong with penises ? 
  sick !, 
  mainly parents are to blame, 
  i think , we are one of the safest countries on the planet . 
  crazy !, 
  russia calls europe to be decadent , but what 's russia ? 
  that is far beyond logic . 
  the orthodox church is against sexual protection , how ignorant . 
  russian society see hiv as something spread by homosexuals , which goes well with the state propaganda . 
  russia is probably the only country `` out of africa '' with such hiv epidemic . 
  many african countries actually fight this trend and they are more educated in this matter then many russians , is someone surprised ? 
  i ca n't believe that some people still admire russia . 
  the country with enormous alcoholism , murder rates , low quality of life , huge economical inequality , life expectancy like bangladesh , elite emigration , . . you can continue for hours . 
  they need to fix their country first and asap !, 
  sounds more like russian story, 
  at least we know where chewbacca is coming from, 
  you confuse these costumes with traditional regional folk costumes . 
  this is something different . 
  it 's quite present in my region ( south bohemia ) . 
  these costumes mostly symbolise harvest , animals , nature and life in general as well as a bit of magic and mystic . 
  we need to add one more a, 
  for me , the worst was the [ boer war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lizzie_van_zyl ) , such senseless conflict . 
  * by `` opening and closing their borders '' in a `` dangerously capricious '' manner in late summer , msf said that european states have created `` senseless stress and hazardous conditions of passage '' for many people . 
  msf called for secure and legal avenues for asylum seekers to enter europe , in order to reduce the influence of people smugglers . 
  * i was saying it , since the beginning : secure borders , do the pre-screening , let in the ones in needs , educated , with no security risk, 
  what about [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/worst-atrocities-british-empire-amritsar-boer-war-concentration-camp-mau-mau-a6821756.html ), 
  nice , thanks, 
  well , i wish britain good luck with it . 
  i hope for you , that you are the right one here , if brexit scenario happens . 
  i 'm not a banker , but from what i came across [ 1 ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/brexit-would-lead-to-loss-of-100000-bank-jobs-says-city-a3124661.html ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0af25ac-b49e-11e5-b147-e5e5bba42e51.html ) it does n't seems like you say it . 
  it may remain financial center , but it 'll lose to other global centers as you just named, 
  i do n't know , but i 've read this : * the dependence of the irish economy on the uk has fallen in recent decades , but it remains an important trading partner . 
  when ireland and the uk joined the eec in 1973 , over 50 % of irish exports went to the uk . 
  that figure has dropped to just over 16 % today . 
  although over 40 % of irish exports go to the remainder of the eu , the uk remains our single most important export market in europe . 
  some 20 % of irish exports now go to the us . 
  * there would be some impact , but not as hard as it may seems . 
  new york - the centre for usa , hong kong - china , singapore - southeast asia , london after brexit - british isles and russian oligarchs ? 
  not true . 
  eu has interest in britain , but is it the other way ? 
  definitely , there is going to be a lot of negotiation . 
  there are going to be some losses , but on the other hand it might be compensated by benefits . 
  the benefits , which britain gets by being a member of eu , will go to other countries . 
  world investments , which go through britain to eu , will be redirected to ireland , the netherlands and other countries . 
  especially ireland will benefit a lot . 
  the city will be weakened , which helps other centers on the continent . 
  depend on what you negotiate , your competitiveness will be weakened as well . 
  personally , i would like to see britain to stay . 
  dijken built right !, 
  damn right !, 
  it gon na be like a divorce , what do you expect ? 
  both sides will negotiate the best for themselves . 
  eu is like do n't - mess-with-me kind of wife , so kind of hard times ahead for your lawyers . 
  in share of eu land area , sure, 
  that 's why i want britain to stay, 
  interesting read , it gon na be a ride, 
  we 're doing pretty well , i hope it stays this way, 
  that would be great , but money does n't grow on trees ( however , greeks thought so ), 
  it 's only slovakia this high . 
  they joined southern europe kind of unemployment, 
  maybe reforms ? 
  this is so cheap, 
  pls . 
  try harder , nobody said it 's going to be an easy road, 
  `` united we stand , divided we fall '' phrase from the ancient greek , how true . 
  nobody is going to force or beg uk to stay , it 's fully your decision . 
  the point i want to make is , that uk should discuss this topic really deeply and not to succumb to moods . 
  what you wrote about uk is true and it 's great , but it wo n't be necessary the truth in the end of this century . 
  this is the reality . 
  it 's not about to rule some country , but to be part of the process . 
  that 's the point . 
  we gon na live in much globalised world , than it 's today and unless you are usa , china or other powerful entity , you wo n't have say . 
  democratic eu is the way for countries of europe to be on the world stage ( and yes , we need to make the union more democratic , to do so , you have to be pro-active ) . 
  i see the point and it sounds reasonable , but it wont turn out to be the good decision in the end . 
  you wo n't have power over european issues . 
  you gon na be out of the game . 
  you let the others to rule , but it was never the good thing to do ( historically ) . 
  and what about your kids , your relatives etc. ? 
  they are going to be here long after you , kind of selfish . 
  so , instead of letting one country to `` rule them all '' , what about to step up the game ? 
  to be one of the power makers ? 
  this is what uk should be doing and not leaving it all . 
  unfortunately true, 
  so you would better sacrifice everything we have achieved in europe , coz one refugee crisis which will fade as time goes ? 
  yeah , it would be bad for many small countries in eu . 
  there is going to be the germany-france dualism . 
  i wish , uk could become more proactive in eu .
