  do n't confuse it with finno-ugric khanate, 
  . . and in 2012 , it was an austrian movie . 
  central europe strong . 
  good !, 
  what the heck is dearputin.com ? 
  do n't know if i should laugh or be amazed how far propaganda goes, 
  the problem with habsburgs here , was the link between their rule and some of the most negative aspects : re-catholicization , germanization and conservatism . 
  there were few of them with some positive outcome : rudolf ii , maria theresa and her son joseph ii and the last one : archduke ferdinand . 
  they 've failed , coz they did n't reform in time and stayed bound to their conservative view of the matters . 
  czechs do n't have any nostalgia for habsburg times ( as seen in other ex-monarchy countries ) . 
  the positive heritage of the monarchy is mostly : food ( from many corners of the empire ) , and some cultural similarities . 
  gosh !, 
  yeah this creature is our president, 
  dear germany , we 're aware that you need people for the future . 
  pls find another way to do it and do n't take the rest of us as hostages of your policy thanks europeans, 
  great news, 
  2 cases , both returned from the caribbean ( one from martinique and the second one from dominican rep. ), 
  i support this . 
  it should be extended for the entire middle east and beyond . 
  cool map :-), 
  i would do the same , if i was an us citizen . 
  they are critical towards the headquarter of the union , cuz they do n't like to be told . 
  it 's seen as less democratic , then it was expected ( country of 40 years of dictatorship is a slightly more sensitive to it ) . 
  otherwise , there is no another problem with it . 
   brave enough more like dumb enough, 
  this eu is ok , just needs some improvements . 
  we just bark , but we wo n't bite . 
  strange read . 
  absolutely not . 
  czechs will never go out of the union . 
  yes , czechs are critical pessimists by nature , but they would have to lose their minds to allow such scenario . 
  they might confuse your comments with pro-putin russian , polish and russian comments get easily confused based on their similarities, 
  jj , i like this, 
  the religious polish army of anti-homo and anti-immigrant r troopers is always ready for the comment victims . 
  the whole r/europe is aware of it / s, 
   it is not something that always were with us sorry to inform you , that gay and lesbians are as old as mankind itself the reason , they were not seen in the public much , was because bigoted people ( usually much worse then you ) were so intolerant and blind when following their life order dictated by religion and puritanism, 
  no , it 's considered gender dysphoria or gender identity disorder . 
  transgender people are neurologically the opposite sex than the one they were born in ( assigned sex and gender do not align : the person is trans-gender ) . 
  that 's the reason , they go through medically supervised physical transformation to the sex they are . 
  [ your welcome ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gquery/?term=transgender+brain ), 
  and ? 
  you have mental disorder of great ignorance . 
  because of people like you , there is still prejudice and false facts out there . 
  you ca n't have quality degree from neuroscience , cuz if you do , you would n't say such misleading information . 
  they 're just dumb . 
  many people are uneducated , especially in transgender issues . 
  i think , it 's getting better and better each year . 
  i 'm myself androgynous type , so i get confused with girls , transgender , lesbian . . quite often and i do n't really care . 
  it 's also about self confidence . 
  you know who you are , if they are ignorant it 's their problem . 
  of course , ppl have always more prejudice in the countryside . 
  i 'm myself from tiny village in southern bohemia . 
  yet , as a gay , i do n't have a problem when i visit . 
  ppl are like oh yes that 's our gay :-) + there is also one lesbian ( we 're both living in prague though ) . 
  when people know gay people personally , they have less prejudice . 
  i try to educate people around me and communication si the key . 
  i would expect 90 % . 
  regarding gay marriage , many people think that we got enough with civil unions . 
  i think we 'll improve our laws regarding lgbt in upcoming years . 
  poland & russia can into middle east / s, 
  but i want, 
  it 's crazy . 
  as a lgbt person , i ca n't imagine to be in the shelter with abusers . 
  officials should not turn a blind eye on this . 
  i know , it 's difficult to separate women and lgbt from the majority of men at this moment , but it seems to be necessary . 
  another episode of x-files balkan, 
  do n't say it twice, 
  probably dutch folk on holidays, 
  i do n't think schengen will collapse . 
  there might be some restrictions , temporary border controls here and there , but not like the whole system to fail . 
  i think , it was unnecessary to do the referendum . 
  uk could negotiate the proposals it wanted without the drama all over the place . 
  now , it 's gon na be 4 months of uncertainty for the markets , the union and uk . 
  it 'll cost money and take the focus from more important things to be solved . 
  czech in the sea of red :-), 
  germany should n't say others what to do at the first place . 
  if someone can decide something it 's eu and only after the talks and agreement of all 28 member states . 
  it 's the uncertainty till the ref . 
  results , which makes businesses nervous . 
  if brexit happens , has it like immediate effect or do have business time to prepare for the new situation ? 
  omg . 
  reading the comments here , this thread is crazy :-), 
  if cameron has been negotiating the special status for uk and johnson would have come out with his secret thoughts , they would have just notice but that 's it . 
  johnson would have been still unimportant to the negotiating . 
  i do n't think , that the heads of eu think this way . 
  cameron is the prime minister of uk and the one who offered the referendum . 
  they focused on what he had to say and the proposals he brought . 
  johnson and some tories are local politicians . 
  eu seniors operate on national levels not on local levels . 
  thanks , exactly !, 
   it would have weakened cameron 's negotiation position . 
  in uk , but not on european level, 
  cameron got what he wanted . 
  proposals were fulfilled . 
  if it was n't enough for johnson , he could have say it long before , that the uk proposals taken to eu ( when agred ) are not ok for him and go full anti-eu . 
  instead , he was waiting . 
  he can lose , but he relies on his popularity a lot and when backed by some powerful people , he feels , he has a chance . 
  he knew the proposals cameron was taking to brussels . 
  he was just waiting for cameron to say publicly if he is for or against eu . 
  when he said he is pro eu after the negotiations , then it was his chance to go against cameron ( probably to take the seat of prime minister ) .
