  it 's actually offending to many countries as they are grouped based on the former occupying force . 
  it 's the remnant of wwii and we should get rid of it . 
  it actually matters , that people lack knowledge and are easily manipulated because of it . 
  we live in democracies and there are referendums . 
  one of the major pro-brexit strategies was exaggerated stereotiping of eastern eu countries by populists and the lack of knowledge of the general populace . 
  maybe people should educate themselves a little bit more in this matter . 
  these are rather ridiculous stereotypes . 
  it 's like to associate belgium with bosnia and herzegovina cos both countries are known for their internal division , or just to call belgium france cos they speak french ( in the capital ) , etc. 
  what about finish and greek , do n't you mind that 's 100 % unintelligible ? 
  what about romanian ? 
  it 's romance language . 
   cheaper holiday destinations lol , that 's how you divide countries ? 
  wwii . 
  it should have been given to poland instead and stetten should have remained in germany . 
  that would make more sense ( however stalin disagreed ) . 
  why do you divide countries based on something what does n't exist anymore ? 
  it was 40 years long period , so you completely ignore 1000 years before that . 
  shall we divade countries which were nazi and anti-nazi and keep going with that ? 
  you france belong to nazi countries ( vichy ) , enjoy !, 
  generalization is often far from reality , czechia is central european country by all means , not eastern not western, 
  i think , it 's because of greek classical culture . 
  overall , european culture traces its roots to classical greece . 
  so , greece is considered as the `` mother culture '' by both west ( catholic-protestant europe ) and east ( othodox europe ) . 
  depends where , there are regions of uk below czechia and overall i do n't feel that there are huge diffrences in living standards ( again , at least here ) in comparision to many average-wealthy regions in we . 
  obviously , if you compare it london region , switzerland , norway , tyrol etc. 
  than 90 % of eu is bellow . 
  greece goes without saying - far southeast , orthodox , placed on balkan peninsula, 
  that 's the cold war perception of europe . 
  i guess , if people would travel more and just learned about other countries/neighbors , it would help a lot . 
  since , people from the `` west '' do n't travel to `` ex-commie countries '' much , their view is biassed . 
  there are literally people who belive there is no life further from germany and that people live in gray houses and have no food . 
  it 's the same like when people in africa sees france/germany as paradise with golden streets , `` westerners '' sees east of europe as wasteland and post-apocalyptic region . 
  the reality is obviously way different , but that does n't bother many people . 
  btw based on your travels , yes britain , much of france are different from central europe - different type of architecture , different climate . 
  for instance czechia is the most similar by architecture and traditions to its neigbours : north of austria , western slovakia , silesia in poland , eastern germany and east of bavaria . 
  to group czechia with i.e. 
  russia is like to group portugal with denmark - really not many similarities . 
  in regards to serbia , the northern part called vojvodina shoudl be similar to many central euro countries as it was part of austria-hungary . 
  yes , but leaving current political drama , turkey is truly trans-continental country . 
  western part and its coastline is very much european while eastern , southeastern feels more middle eastern , caucasous . 
   here is just one example of where the east/west borders so why do you place us to east ? 
  the cold war seems to be still alive in the minds of masses, 
  like 90 % of czech population does n't care about guns , but gun lobby and gun lovers wo n't give up, 
  you better check your comments again . 
  sorry that i wo n't prise you for salty remarks about czechia and historical inaccuracies . 
  btw i do n't agree with `` westerners are arrogant '' comment . 
  rather , typical arrogance of people who are arseholes, 
   czechs were given liberties not afforded to other minorities was it austria-hungary or austria-czechia ? 
  the amount of liberties given to people was not because habsburg governments became suddenly huge humanists but because people fought for it and revolted . 
  you completely ignore two world wars and their impact . 
  you know , not every country was spared like sweden . 
  czechs have n't kicked out germans because they suddenly woke up with such idea , but it was a radical consequence of years of german ultra-nationalism and bloody conflict which was caused by it . 
  most czechs do n't see their collective punishment today as the right way and it 's often criticized . 
  only jagr ? 
  you need to better educate yourself, 
   you would find similar examples in your own country certainly, 
   austrian patronage and subsidies what ? 
  czech lands were the industrial powerhouse of the entire monarchy , so if there was some money flow , it went from there to the rest of rather rural a-h and the capital . 
  i guess , you better do n't want to know the kind of behaviour of certain bosses outside of europe in the third world . 
  jesus , is this psycho factory located in the uk or romania ? 
  the `` boss '' is a complete primitive and mega ars * hole, 
  i like this approach . 
  pity , that much of what was lost during the war in europe , have n't been restored . 
  riga is the capital and the biggest city of baltics . 
  they have significant russian minority . 
  they seem to be good at ice hockey . 
  as well as darkness , just to balance it out, 
  they could be great comedians ... * wait * . . 
  the same in czech or polish . 
  the town was named after the biblical mount of tabor in galilee ( israel ) . 
  since 15th century the word * tabor * meant camp or army camp in czech and polish , and it seems in hungarian as well . 
  the town of t\u00e1bor has been founded by hussites , the proto-protestant movement , in 1420 . 
  they created egalitarian community `` christian communism '' there : newcomers have given their entire property to the community which was led by 4 captains . 
  this have n't lasted long as they faced crusades declared by pope martin v . they became warriors and were as cruel to the catholics as catholics were to them . 
  the town has finally surrendered to king george of pod\u011bbrady in 1452 . 
  it 's tabloid , that explains a lot, 
  areas close to lebanon are controlled by assad . 
  kurds control areas close to turkey and iran . 
  crazy catholic history but currently one of the most liberal , livable and peaceful countries in europe . 
   tabor has a similar system yas , i 'm from south bohemia, 
  [ hill and river down there ] ( http://www.zemefilmu.cz/uploads/locations/15682-znojmo-ulice-na-valech-vila-1200x900.jpg ), 
  you are the winner my dear , shantay you stay, 
  the austrian region near znojmo is called [ weinviertel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weinviertel ) , both sides of the border are wine producing . 
  go vegan bitches , save planet, 
  just a reminder that war is a very bad idea, 
  side note : the town has extensive system of underground catacombs ( 90 km ) . 
  i 've been there on trip with high school ( catacombs are accessible with guide ) . 
  we were told , that during 30 years war when swedes plundered the country ( insert white walkers joke ) , inhibitants of the town took refuge in catacombs . 
  catacombs consist of several floors and are connected with houses via secret entrances and house chimneys go down to underground ( so people could have heat and could cook ) . 
  after conquering and looting the town , the smoke of hundreds of chimneys began to rise from the empty houses . 
  swedes got scared , left and called znojmo the city of ghosts . 
   czech labour market is super tight right now . 
  hopefully , it stays this way for long . 
  they are called unicorns , they are rare, 
  [ guess who lives there ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark%c3%a9ta_irglov%c3%a1 ), 
  :-) they were so ahead of time !, 
  `` word `` bohemians '' is sometimes used when speaking about persons from bohemia of all ethnic origins , especially before the year 1918 , when the kingdom of bohemia ceased to exist '', 
  they might call themselves bohemians , both germans and czechs were called bohemians in the past and were registered as such when they migrated, 
  probably not that many there compare to sweden or norway . 
  we have 378 danes , 890 swedes and 264 norwegians .
