  nobody is offended by an ancient tradition , where you just symbolically transfer the power of `` spring '' from young branches of willow to women . 
  there is no spanking or how people picturing it . 
  it should be only symbolic . 
  if some men get drunk and do it their way , that 's another story . 
  what ? 
  to all who do n't understand it one bit . 
  it 's an ancient pagan tradition , surviving to those days . 
  it 's a celebration of spring and fertility . 
  it 's not spanking as you picturing it . 
  it 's a totally harmless symbolic gesture . 
  the men make poml\u00e1zka , which is made out of the young branches of willow , birch or other trees . 
  they symbolically touch the woman 's body by poml\u00e1zka to again , symbolically transfer `` the power of spring , fertility , beauty etc '' from the young branches to women . 
  women give eastern eggs to men ( again the symbol of spring , fertility ) or cakes , candy etc. 
  [ even graham norton was interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz0cokqa26e ), 
  czechs in hungary ? 
  we were with austrians, 
  i think it depends , how you present yourself and where you travel . 
  there are countries ( uk , france ) where beards are very fashionable and there are many people with indian/south asian background . 
  so you will fit nicely . 
  central/eastern europe is probably not as beardy as other places + there are not many people with indian background , so you might be quite visible there . 
  as i said , if you 're giving a friendly cool guy kind of vibe , nobody can be intimidated . 
  when checking the report , our numbers are screwed mostly due to `` lone wolves '' from competing ex-soviet and vietnamese mafioso gangs . 
  they attack each other , not affecting ordinary people fortunately . 
  it 's maybe , because we have strong tourism and many arrivals from around the globe . 
  also , we are the headquarter for many ex-soviet mafiosos . 
  yet , the fact that we are more prone to terrorism compare to belgium or denmark is kind of ridiculous . 
  i know , right !, 
  we have certain standards for jihadis and the future ones should have the same treatment . 
  sad , that i ca n't be so perfectly brainwashed , failed as a person , hating society for my problems and seeking help in the hate preacher practice ( partly sponsored by the government ) . 
  after the exchange internship in the war zone , where they teach you to behave like an animal , you wan na come back to certain standard with free housing , assisted help to job market , social benefits and you wan na apply your skills you have learned abroad . 
  so , you decide for some bombing or shooting , your family is 100 % behind you as they always were , so why not ? 
  anyway , heaven is better !, 
  hate preacher said you gon na get ch\u00e2teau and blonde girl / or boy . 
  yeah , it 's so great those psychopaths can travel somewhere to torture and kill people . 
  then , come back with no sentence and calling it the standard . 
  great people really , they are such a gift to humanity . 
  true . 
  countries where islam is predominant religion , ca n't be put together . 
  there are huge differences . 
  i find east asians , western turks , azerbaijanis and even many iranians less prone to radicalism compared to nationals from other muslim countries . 
  the worst are somali , afghan , paki , yemeni , saudi and also many north africans . 
  yeah sure , like the one [ who opened bakery and did n't change his attitude one bit ] ( http://egyptianstreets.com/2015/09/27/croissants-and-isis-meet-the-belgian-national-with-experience-in-both/ ), 
  i do both . 
  i 'm very versatile . 
  shame on russia !, 
  she is such strong person !, 
  there might be temporarily border control checks like now between belgium and france , but it wo n't prevent it in the future . 
  they can get the weapons by many different ways ( smuggle it in cargo train , truck , or they just cross borders in forest or etc. ) . 
  or they buy them here , that 's maybe the easiest way . 
  there is always some mafioso , who sell to anyone with money . 
  so they come like a tourists , obviously that 's not a solution, 
  let 's face it . 
  we have to accept the fact , that this will occur again and again . 
  we ca n't see in everyone 's mind . 
  europe is changing , our approach to security will change . 
  izraelis live with the security risks daily lives . 
  they got use to security frame in every grocery shop , with policeman in every bus , with self defence courses etc and it 's like nothing unusual for them . 
  we are not use to it , unfortunately it seems we will have to . 
  edit : also , the thing which bothers me , are these huge profits of arms industry . 
  they gon na thrive with all the defence and security systems , weaponry etc. . 
  it 's like they wished for it . 
  no , you asked if all of norway had embraced roman catholicism ( or any particular religious institution ) and i explained to you why it 's not even possible to happen based on human nature ( when not influenced by pressure from outside obviously , but based solely on belief of each individual ), 
  sorry , but i am fortunate to live in a place without cage over me . 
  yet , the majority of world population is still under multiple cages . 
  it 's a great news , because it 's a clear , that 's based on real individual decision ( any pressure from i.e. 
  family , state , society . . ) . 
  if the majority would have followed massively one particular institution ( i.e. 
  roman catholicism ) , it would have been obvious , that there was some pressure to do so . 
  why ? 
  there are as many believes as there are people on this planet . 
  we are all capable of creating our own `` religion , fantasy , mythology , etc. '', 
  the reason why one guy named jesus or another guy named muhammad could spread `` their version '' , is because of the power their followers saw in their mythology . 
  some of them saw , that it gave them power over others . 
  it 's like a franchise . 
  they saw it worked on few people , so they took the plan and developed it further . 
  eventually , it have grown into multinational institution with immense power over the lives of millions . 
  probably it 's something you wo n't understand . 
  you are born in certain culture , i would agree on that . 
  depends in which culture or environment you are born , some allows and encourage individuals to be themselves and to choose their live path . 
  strongly catholic polish culture is not really accepting toward individuals ( regarding their sexuality , beliefs , etc ) there is a strong pressure on individuals to be like the others , to act and believe like the others do . 
  on the other hand , you have i.e canada . 
  environment , where individuality is not suppressed by the society . 
  you can thrive as a person , you are encouraged and free to believe , act , etc. 
  as you feel . 
  for me it 's realistic as for millions of others , maybe depends where you live . 
  hopefully , more places will honor individuality instead of forced way how you should think and act . 
  poor ukraine . 
  i hope , it recovers soon !, 
  europe needs to help ukraine to rebuild its economy . 
  ukrainians have to work really hard themselves on fighting with corruption , on lack of democratic institutions , stable government etc. 
  hopefully , ukraine will see more investments . 
  to do so , you need stable environment and strong uncorrupted institutions . 
  yes , there is the conflict with russia . 
  i would focus on the non-conflicted ukrainian territory ( no crimean , luhansk and donetsk oblasts ) , because this wo n't be solved soon and the rest of ukraine ca n't wait any longer . 
  ukraine needs progress . 
  this realistic guy knows , that the way you see yourself and the world is only up to you and and it 's nobody else 's business . 
  why should n't be a great news , that people think deeply about the role of beliefs in god/gods etc. ? 
  if many decided , that 's not the way they sees the world , accept it and be happy for them that they are happy . 
   the products have the same name and look the same , but are they the same ? 
  exactly .
