  now , it seems we go back to our roots . 
  normal for who ? 
  there are people who are strictly heterosexual and strictly homosexual - they are on the opposite edges of spectre . 
  they did n't choose their sexuality . 
  the vast majority of people fall in between , leaning to one or another side of the spectre . 
  people are who they are and no one has the right to decide something for them ( especially who you gon na love ) - that is crazy and unnatural, 
  did you read the article ? 
  not being exclusively heterosexual does n't mean you wo n't have family and kids, 
  why ? 
  please explain : why countries like poland , czech rep. , the netherlands , romania , the baltics , ireland , luxembourg etc. 
  benefit from strong eu economy and extra-eu exports ? 
  which countries do you mean ? 
  greece ? 
  exactly !, 
  every single country in the eu benefits from strong extra-eu exports, 
  ... and we have its reminiscence in ukraine in 2015 . 
  sad . 
  i support them in what they want . 
  if they want separation - go for it , if they want to remain united - just do it . 
  i wonder , what would happen with bruxelles if they split . 
  it could be an independent capital region for both or even for the whole eu - like bruxelles d.c. 
  give this guy some geography lessons . 
  why they are so unprepared for the discussion ? 
  we have to teach them about birth control . 
  asap !, 
  and here we have even stronger q2, 
  gosh :-) are you a comedian ? 
  you make me laugh, 
  good joke !, 
  i think , that ireland and luxembourg will have higher numbers . 
  what is happening in finland ? 
  armenia has a huge influential diaspora , especially in russia , us and france . 
  azeris should think twice before using force . 
  * czech rep. ( home country ) * germany ( berlin , bavaria , frankfurt , koln , dortmund and essen ) * the netherlands ( i 've lived there ) * uk ( london , canterbury ) * france ( paris 4x ) * spain ( barcelona , madrid , toledo , segovia ) * denmark ( copenhagen ) * sweden ( oland , kalmar , stockholm ) * slovakia ( mala fatra mountains ) * austria ( i 've lived there ) * italy ( rome ) * vatican city ( briefly ) * croatia ( holidays ) * greece ( holidays ) * 14 countries in total, 
  we are doing pretty well in the stats, 
  for talking ? 
  yeah , that was it . 
  did you read the article properly ? 
  definitely , we can see it, 
  no problem , he can lose citizenship and go to countries where they live according to his wishes, 
  i do n't get this . 
  why the hell , you let radical clerics in uk ? 
  they should be deported immediately . 
  prague and amsterdam !, 
  berlin is cool as well, 
  fortunately , nasa is hunting for earth .2 . 
  cool !, 
  :-) , i told you !, 
  crazy !, 
  i thought , that protestantism is derived from a protest against catholic church at that time ( famous for its inquisition , collected wealth at the expense of ordinary people , power over every aspect of people 's life etc. ), 
  and the fact that people have stopped believing in the institution , based on what they have seen . 
  anyway , i am not religious and i am not expert in religious wars . 
  i know right !, 
  i am optimist by nature, 
  well , as you are yourself closed in your religious view of the world , i can understand why you even do n't know what you post . 
  anti monarchists are against institutions like monarchy , catholic church etc. , but not against christianity !, 
  so there is no link with atheism whatsoever . 
  examples of what ? 
  that christians have blood on their hands as much as followers of other religions ? 
  well , such examples are well known to everyone including you ( you can google genocides , violence and hatred in the name of your god throughout history . 
  be aware , that you may get sick form such horrors ), 
  let 's hope not, 
  yeah , most of muslims seem to have a long journey before them to get to the truth of life . 
  they should pray to their own brains instead of imaginary god . 
  [ anyway , this problem have many fanatical christians as well ] ( http://www.liberalamerica.org/2015/01/06/guess-what-christian-right-youre-not-so-different-from-muslims-after-all/ ), 
  very nice !, 
  yes !, 
  islam needs reforms . 
  even the educated scholars of islam agree . 
  if it was on me , i would promote atheism !, 
  when looking at the reality , we can at least hope for a secular mindsets !, 
  i do n't think mother teresa would want this . 
  help your poor ones with this amount of money . 
  it 's on britons to decide . 
  hope they 'll consider all pros and cons wisely without being influenced by populists . 
  size or numbers does n't matter . 
  our intellect and our actions matter !, 
  ( look at switzerland , singapore , hong kong etc. ) . 
  we were between the world 's top 10 , before wwii . 
  i do n't see reason , why we should n't take our place back ,, 
  lol, 
  i am proud of czech culture and our rich history , open minded and non-religious society and our sarcastic humor . 
  what , i am not proud , is our self management ( particularly politics ) and our way of thinking , that we are to small to dream big ( lack of self-confidence which was supported by former regime ) . 
  cecil the lion was innocent animal killed for fun by trophy seeker in his natural habitat . 
  immigrants in calais are humans of non-european origin who are trying to get from one safe and wealthy european country to another safe and wealthy european country . 
  cecil the lion could n't change his destiny . 
  these people act based on their own choice and desire and they are responsible for their own actions . 
  they did n't know what russia really is ... 
  3 % of turkey is in europe actually, 
  erdogan is gon na bomb them . 
  fight against isis is just his fake story . 
  they have to experience russian stone age, 
  pan-slavism ? 
  no , thanks, 
  erdogan is putin , power is all he wants, 
  i 've seen this stat for homicide crimes http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:homicides,_average_per_year,_2007%e2%80%9309_and_2010%e2%80%9312_ ( per_100_000_inhabitants ) _ yb14.png, 
  there is something degenerative with lithuania with such murder rates, 
  keep them , we have many of your roma already, 
  center of paris, 
  we are one of the safest countries on the planet anyway,
