  so , why are you giving them opportunities for it i.e.brexit ? 
  i think , it depends on the region . 
  eastern half would have strong slavic background ( lower austria , burgenland , styria ) , western half would have strong germanic background ( vorarlberg , tyrol , salzburg ) . 
  definitely , neighbouring countries are genetically the ones closest to you ( especially in central europe ) when measured snps , the genetically closest were : for czech republic 1 . 
  hungary ( 1.06 ) 2 . 
  poland ( 1.09 ) 4 . 
  northern germany ( 1.15 ) ( slovakia was not included ) for austria 1 . 
  southern germany ( 1.04 ) 2 . 
  hungary ( 1.04 ) 3 . 
  czech republic ( 1.08 ) 4 . 
  northern germany ( 1.10 ), 
  you rank second among the most favorite nations for czechs and that matters more than the opinion of politicians, 
  yep , the ties should be better . 
  i think , it 's better among ordinary people than among politicians . 
  austria is quite popular as a holiday destination here and vienna for shopping and exhibitions . 
  the reasons for poor political ties are ignorance and different regional focus : austria is more focused on south ( italy , slovenia , balkan ) and west ( germany , switzerland ) , which is understandable , cos the north and east were locked up for quite a time . 
  czech republic is focused on west ( germany ) and east ( slovakia , poland ) . 
  it 's pitty , cos better relations could improve our economies even more and specialy insuficient infrastructure between our countries . 
  i think , it 's going to improve in the near future . 
  can be . 
  after the fall of roman empire , tribes migrated from one part of europe to another for quite a time , meeting each other and exchanging biological material + some fights . 
  it 's always interesting how many people from the western part of eu downplay arguments of the eastern half of eu on russian aggression and policy . 
  imagine , that similar sort of people who fight in france is overwhelmingly present in russian army and politics . 
  thugs with tanks and kalashnikovs instead of empty bottles close to your borders . 
  yes , there are also pacifists , but that is not celebrated as strenght in russia . 
  it 's an easy decision for germans : poland - big lebensraum  czech republic - small lebensraum, 
  may god have mercy upon your soul, 
  that 's what i do n't understand, 
  remain or leave european union, 
  have you ever been on pride ? 
  cos i do n't know where you got your visualisation of the event . 
  it 's like a huge carnival and music festival . 
  people enjoy music , art , food , theatre and workshops . 
  you can dress as you want , coz there is no dress code ( rainbow colours are popular though ) . 
  obviously as in any other big event ( rock , punk , pop etc festival ) there are people who dress more alternatively . 
  90 % of participants have just some rainbow colours on their outfit or face . 
  if you are shocked by people without t-shirt , i suggest you do n't go on the beach or to public swimming pool coz you might get heart attack . 
  everywhere i type united kingdom , i get sovereign state in europe . 
  what happened to uk ? , is there some conspiracy ? 
  czech republic is definitely not , but do n't know about poland http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/, 
   if they 're allowed to rule themselves . 
  i did n't know , they are not ruling themselves . 
  must have been some secret coup d'\u00e9tat , cos i did n't notice . 
  that would mean , that it was specially designed for you, 
  sad , one would say that they have been living in germany for decades so they would have more civilised approach to someone they disagree with, 
  kudos to participants . 
  i guess , ukraine is trying to showcase tolerance due to eurovision hosting next year . 
  i always admire lgbt people living in hostile countries , being open and going against hate and medieval traditions . 
  it 's not easy , you need to build really thick skin , you need to be prepared for every possible circumstance incl . 
  your family and hate on daily basis . 
  i admit , that i wo n't have the nerves for this and i would emigrate . 
  he surely was n't as seen during history, 
  maybe , but it will weaken west in their eyes, 
  thanks for the comment . 
  i respect your opinion , but many things you assume that is the fault of eu , is not true . 
  i wo n't even start about how far-right parties are dangerous to the society as a whole . 
  they always find victims for their agenda . 
  if not migrants , then lgbt people , intelectuals , people with disabilities and before you even realize it , you might be on their list as well . 
  eu is not forcing you migrants . 
  yes , it helped many europeans to settle in uk and vice versa , but third world migrants , muslims etc. 
  come mostly from commonwealth countries to uk . 
  it 's your uk policy , not eu ' policy . 
  uk is not in schengen area to get migrants through eu without checkings . 
  yes , there were talkings about some quota system towards the current migration crisis , but many countries did n't implement it . 
  eu helps you to get to single market with 440 million customers ( the biggest single market after china and india ) . 
  there are certain rules and standards so there is fair competition . 
  there are majority of beneficial standards to protect final consumers , which you even do n't realise on daily basis . 
  did n't know , that britain has no power over itself switzerland , norway and iceland are members of the single market - free movement of goods , capital , services , and people . 
  they pay a lot of money to be part of the market . 
  is n't it the opposite of what brexiters want ? 
  you mean trade agreement probably , that is like what eu has with south korea or south africa - and that you have to negotiate ( takes years ) . 
  science does n't know borders . 
  you wo n't get anywhere in science with limited access to people and financial support . 
  but you 'll do much bigger favor to putin , china , trump and nationalists in europe like le pen etc. 
  `` patriotism is when love of your own people comes first ; nationalism , when hate for people other then your own comes first '' charles de gaulle, 
  still , i do n't get what are the `` benefits '' britain gets when leaving eu ? 
  migration : you 'll limit migration from europe - ok , but the number of migrants from third world countries wo n't change and it may even increase to replace euros loss in the long run - was n't this the issue ? 
  economy : ?? 
  i really do n't know what 's the benefit here security : again , what will change here ? 
  power : you 'll become lonely wolf , negotiations will get kinda harder for you nhs : ? 
  what will change in this field ? 
  lack of medical stuff - again , no acess to qualified continental labor . 
  so , you may need to import non-euros - do they have the same quality education ? 
  science/education : ? 
  again , what will be the benefits here ? 
  scientists need networking , grants - no eu , no eu grants for science . 
  many ongoing and planned projects can be jeopardised . 
  some teams may move to continent instead . 
  agriculture : ? , is n't agriculture subsidised the most in the whole eu ? 
  i am not saying leftist , uncorrupted and non-controversial would be just fine, 
  is n't it more regional than country-wise ? 
  like almost each country has some underdeveloped region getting support , like italian south for example . 
  obviously , some countries have more of them than others . 
  well , seeing articles like this , the emigration rate and being economically behind the rest of 2004 eu-enlargement countries - they feel at least , that they need something to change, 
  sad to see hungary in this state of affairs . 
  when you think , that hungary was one of the more progressive and liberal after the fall of iron curtain and you compare it to today 's situation of the state , one start to think what went wrong . 
  i think , hungary needs a big makeover of the political parties . 
  new small democratic and progressive parties should emerge and challenge the current established parties . 
  some of the small ones should get to parliament to be more visible and see under the hands of those in power . 
  hopefully , people would support them in the quest for change and brighter future .
