  frenchmen have a good taste in music, 
  interesting view . 
  i wo n't see it so dramatic thought . 
  yes , we have special location , which have combined the western and eastern influences for millenia . 
  we are use to it . 
  yes , our economy rely on the condition of the german one . 
  should we seek other markets and other partners ? 
  definitely , we should ( preferably non-european ) . 
  we are small ( and beautiful ) country between giants , so you gon na be influenced if you want it or not . 
  our space was under the `` german '' influence for more than 1000 years , russians got so far thanks to once-in-a-lifetime condition ( wwii ) and watched for 40 years . 
  so yes , we are again , where we have been much of our history . 
  our success will depend on our maneuvering between the interests of those in power ( as it always been ) . 
  there is one big improvement , globalised world gave us more options . 
  security - usa , new trade partners - china and eastern asia . 
  yes , germany is going to stay to influence ( or dictate ) , so does russia with their oil ( and threats ) . 
  we ca n't teleport our country in the middle of atlantic ( we wish for it thought ) . 
  we live in 21st century and we 'll try to guess and stay with the winner of the new game of thrones of our age . 
  frenchmen want brits out of europe again , will they succeed this time ? 
  what about russians to start to live in reality finally ? 
  it means to be connected with the shared culture and values of your continent and your ancestors . 
  each country , every small region is different and yet similar in many ways . 
  borders were drawn and redrawn many times during history , but the shared cultural traces and values remain . 
  f * ck fossil fuels , we go renewable, 
  yep , the two guys behind this : k\u0159et\u00ednsk\u00fd and kellner were both mentioned in panama papers . 
  they do n't care about people at all . 
  they 're hard-core businessmens . 
  so , no wage increase in their empires . 
  ... would n't go so far , not all unfortunately, 
   why are you attacking me what ? 
  you need thicker skin honey, 
  yep , pros for this one :  you will also see that this surpasses national interests since a long time now . 
  it 's corperations that could not give less about nations . 
  corporations 're making much of the `` rules '' these days . 
  we gon na give them some hard time here in regard of wages ( let 's see ) . 
  you have no clue about the topic here , so your comment is kinda irrelevant ( yet funny a bit ), 
  well , the majority of grocery shops are german owned and thanks to german competitiveness , prices are often lower in germany . 
  so , you get the same product of the same grocery chain cheaper in de compare to cz ( yet , czechs have 3-4x lower wages ) . 
  i 've heard about the real wage depression in de . 
  if you think , that it 's because of some charity towards neighbouring countries , then you might be misled . 
  it 's about the global german competitiveness . 
  considering , that many countries ( especially eastern eu countries ) are cheap german suppliers , producers are not really into increasing wages . 
  and we are doing so, 
  see , we 're trying to break this low wages demand , fingers crossed, 
  true . 
  they started to persuade us , that we need to import foreign workers from ukraine and further asap, 
  no starvation problems , sry neither stupid people , who gon na work for shity wages, 
  do you think , that german consumer is dumb ? 
  we should see hordes of germans to shop at our border shops then , unfortunately - it 's the other way around, 
  actually , we import certain % of gas and oil from norway, 
  gr\u00e9ve gr\u00e9ve gr\u00e9ve french know how to deal with this, 
  we should be all grateful and looking at congolese wages, 
  yep , there are third world places in eu, 
  reasons : * strong industry sector/big multinational companies who are here for 3 reasons a , skilled cheap workforce b , very close to western markets c , tax free subsidies * weak labor unions * state policy of supporting huge companies instead of local small and mid sized companies obviously , wages have to correlate with the economy so we ca n't have dutch wages at the moment . 
  czech situation would be similar to the one in east germany . 
  they are united with their rich half , subsidized immensely and still , there are wage differences . 
  we have n't rich twin to help us after 40 years of economic craziness and we are doing quite well anyways . 
  it 'll take time to get where we should be . 
  it 's true , that wages are increasing slowly ( even big companies admit it ) . 
  the force has to be coordinated and constructive . 
  the criticism is increasing and there are some promising news on the horizon . 
  one word : russians we 'll never understand, 
  yes , times change . 
  berlin is much better place than 20-30 years ago . 
  i know , that the headline might hurt your eyes , but it 's the original title of the article so i do n't see a problem here, 
  czech republic will remain czech republic , they just `` legalise '' the term czechia as equal to cz , that 's it . 
  so officially , you 'll be able to use both . 
  i think , it 's hard to judge these war times today . 
  we do n't know exactly what was happening . 
  keep in mind , that the eastern part of our continent was the real bloodbath in a scale never seen before . 
  everyone was killing everyone . 
  people did the worst and the most heroic things on the brink of their own existence . 
  yeah , panama papers just revealed his philanthropy and big heart, 
  i support the visa-free travel for all eu citizens , but to block the ceta is not a good move . 
  if we want eu wide visa free relations with canada , we have to focus on the visa policy of canada and eu . 
  ceta is about trade and should n't be victimised by visa policy . 
  i support this !, 
  please check your facts properly . 
  czech language has evolved continuously . 
  what you refer to was the czech national revival , which has happened in 18th century . 
  czech and german language were equal till 17th century . 
  after that , german was preferred in official places due to habsburg policy of centralisation . 
  this meant , that official written czech was not evolving over a century ( 17/18 cen . 
  ) , but spoken czech have lived as usual . 
  nationalists modernised the written form based on the spoken czech . 
  the ` cz ' digraph was used until the 16th century reform of czech langage when replaced by '' \u010d '' . 
  polish have n't reformed in this regard . 
  they both evolved from the same roots . 
  since 10th century , they started to separate from each other . 
  polish language borrowed a lot of vocabulary from czech language than the other way around . 
  it was due to the fact that the western culture and christianity spread from czech territories to polish ones throughout centuries . 
  ok , interesting !, 
  good to know, 
  tschechien is a term used in german for a long time and there is no problem with it . 
  czechia is novelty in english and it kind of make you like it or hate it . 
  i do n't like it much , but there are many people who like it . 
  if there would be some poll about it , it 'll score like 50:50 i guess . 
  yep , correct, 
  i also say czech quite often, 
  the inhabitants of bohemia are also called '' \u010ce\u0161i '' `` czechs '' , because of the most influential tribe ( \u010ce\u0161i-czechs ) who inhabited the area around prague back then and from which emerged the first kings of the country . 
  so , we are all called czechs ( some also moravians and silesians ) based on the name of the most influential tribe , even though the majority have n't belonged to this particular tribe .
