  the people who `` parasite '' on the refugee situation should be deported asap . 
  still , i wonder why we are not able to pre-screen people at the external borders ( greece , italy ) and let only those who are eligible , educated and with low security risk . 
  the rest have to be turned back . 
  we should look up to canada in this regard . 
  interesting, 
  russia has changed alot since soviet times / ^ s, 
  amazing, 
  the accent is terrible , it hurts my ears, 
  yeah , it 's sickening . 
  if based on current economy , our salaries should be above cyprus ones . 
  also , czech crown is undervalued about 40 % to dollar . 
  who profits ? 
  big players . 
  czech salaries are shit , they better increase them pretty fast, 
  poor cz , lost a lot, 
  eu failed completely !, 
  i ca n't believe how unrealistic and unprepared eu countries are till this date . 
  cooperation between eu states to battle immigrant influx ? 
  zero . 
  cooperation to protect outside borders , especially , greek ones ? 
  zero . 
  pre-screening of refugees ? 
  zero . 
  canada is doing it right !, 
  taking the most vulnerable and easy to integrate directly from refugee camps ( women , children , families , lgbt ) . 
  europe ? 
  whoever has money for smugglers and guts to travel the sea and balkan come ( mostly vital men ) . 
  the exact opposite . 
  i ca n't even . 
  everyone is sad about what 's going on in syria . 
  it 's a disaster and as you said , many powers ( sa , iran , russia , usa ) have their interests in this conflict . 
  ordinary people always suffer the most , that is the sad truth of war . 
  i agree , that syria was not like sa or gulf states . 
  it was a mosaic of different religious and ethnic groups living in fragile symbiosis . 
  that is gone now . 
  many syrians are possible to integrate , but there are also the ones who are not . 
  c-e countries wanted pre-screening , to take the most vulnerable and the ones easiest to integrate . 
  that is not working at this moment . 
  it 's all chaos and literally everyone can come and leave from country to country as they wish . 
  the example how it should work and how many countries ( including cz ) wanted it , is the example of canada . 
  canada take refugees directly from refugee camps in jordan , lebanon and turkey ( no need to travel on boats from smugglers ) . 
  they are pre-screened , the ones who can be integrated are taken : families , single women , children and lgbt people are taken as priority . 
  this should be done since the beginning in europe . 
  because of our unability to cope with this situation and to stop people from the crazy journey to greece , we have many non-integratable people here ( many young men for instance ) and the most vulnarable were left behind in the refugee camps . 
  complete opposite of what canada does . 
  now , we 'll see the consequence of it . 
  the mood in europe is changing towards refugees , populists gon na rise and it 's all foult of this chaos . 
  it 's sad , coz many people would really need help from there , but they wo n't , coz others took advantage of this situation . 
  still , i ca n't belive of what europe has done and how unrealstic and unprepared it all is till this date . 
  no , i do n't agree with you . 
  you putting the issue on women . 
  men are the cause of violence against women . 
  women will be safe , when men gon na behave as civilised humans around the globe ( and not on stone-age basis : i see i take ) . 
  it 's not a female issue , it 's a male issue . 
  i understand your point . 
  it 's never enough to be for instance : white , christian , european etc. , you always gon na be the `` foreigner '' in the particular country you 've come . 
  as i said , it 's everywhere , here in cz , there is this sentiment towards russians and ukrainians , who are coming in thousands and yet , they are white , christians , europeans . 
  it 's natural for the natives to feel kind of `` suspicious '' towards newcomers . 
  the most important thing is integration and assimilation of those newcomers . 
  they have to be willing to integrate , otherwise they exclude themselves from the mainstream society and cause tensions . 
  the truth is , that our second generation of ukrainians , russians , vietnamese . . is fully integrated . 
  the culture is so strong here , that it does n't allow to create paralel society . 
  the problem we are facing today , is to integrate a huge amount of people with very different and very strong culture . 
  this is causing truly `` culture clash '' . 
  speaking for cz , we 're able to take certain amount of people we feel we can successfully integrate . 
  this also involve necessary pre-sceraning of potentional newcomers ( which is hard now , coz you 're forced to take everyone who cross the open borders or is sent here ) . 
  we do n't create `` zones of immigrants '' , they are spread accross the country to not allow them to mantain their own cultural bases . 
  they are fully absorbed , kids send to czech schools , parents are helped with jobs and socialized into czech culture . 
  it also works , coz they do n't have their country mens around and they are `` forced by the present situation they are in '' to be part of the mainstream society . 
  this can work only if you take certain numbers of people at certain time frame and not thousands in a single day . 
  this is the problem that czech society feels . 
  it 's absolutely out of questions , that we let immigrants to create their own paralel societies . 
  this wo n't work here and people are strongly against it . 
  that 's the `` anti-refugee '' or `` anti-muslim '' sentiment you may feel from cee countries . 
  it 's not that nobody is welcomed , but only certain numbers of pre-screaned people who are in real needs of protection and we are able to absorb them into our societies ( and yes , there are populist politicians and right-wing extremists who do n't like anyone , but that is not the mainstream as it 's neither in britain ) . 
  speaking about us , yes there is overwhelmingly possitive attitude towards usa . 
  it 's not because usa are some perfect country without mistakes , but coz it 's very practical ally for this region . 
  c-e europe is not island country in the atlantic like gb , but big part of europen continent with natural borders with western asia and russia . 
  this is `` tectonic '' territory as it was for milenia before . 
  there are other powers with their own interests . 
  usa are viewed as crutial security guarantee for many countries here . 
  this is different in cause of gb , which cooperate with us for its own gains and interests . 
  it was gb and france who helped to destabilise syria and libya . 
  both countries ( still as middle-powers ) followed their own interests there . 
  to put it short : usa is for c-e europe security , for gb power with similar interests . 
  racist and bigoted people are in every country around the globe . 
  the real danger begins , when they try to poison the mainstream society . 
  orb\u00e1n is populist and he just generalize the issue . 
  3 % is nothing , cuz wages were not increased like for 7 years + the economy is doing very well . 
  the management wanted to increase wages primarily to themselves and almost nothing to regular employees . 
  agree , the force has to come from employees . 
  politicians are useless and corrupted . 
  just an example from today 's news : employees of ahold cz wanted to increase their salaries by 3 % . 
  managers were like no way ( employees of ahold cz has one of the lowest wages among czech supermarket chains ) . 
  later , they agreed , but the increase would be for the company as a whole ( not for each individual ) , which meant that managers could get increase in thousands and regular employees i.e. 
  cahiers like zero . 
  skilled labour , wages like in china and no labor unions , no surprise why companies like it here and make fortune, 
  what 's the problem , it 's synonym, 
  in addition to women , children and families , [ canada prioritizes gay , bisexual and transgender individuals ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2015/11/24/canada-will-take-in-gay-refugees-from-syria/ ), 
  still the same story , they should be concerned about the greek border with turkey in the first place,
