  most of asia . 
  female education and their carreer growth is going to drop the numbers significantly . 
  now , you know why is the population of bulgaria declining . 
  oh , so they want to be closer to the eu colour . 
  sweet !, 
  interesting . 
  england has huge differences between regions . 
  scotland is more equal and relatively rich . 
  northern ireland and wales seem to be poorer . 
  this was predicted and the number is going to increase during this century . 
  africa is going to have the strongest population growth from all world 's continents . 
  there needs to be further investments in africa , so they wo n't be motivated to try to reach europe . 
  there needs to be mediterranean plan regarding migration . 
  this problem is going to last for decades , so we better prepare for it . 
  what a horrible place, 
  and i thought that the potential danger for europe is coming solely from the east ( russia ), 
  gut gut supergut ... 
  today , the complex is a museum . 
  it 's famous for its amount of [ baroque statues ] ( http://www.dvurkralove.cz/galerie/obrazky/imager.php?img=681443&amp;x=1920&amp;y=1277&amp;hash=10fd69d0c5fb9eac3e863f62c56edfea&amp;ratio=1 ) . 
  some people are spoiled and disrespectful brats . 
  they are minority , but they stuck in your memory . 
  it 's everywhere , not just in poland . 
   not to mention hypocritical . 
  hypocrisy is doing well there, 
  baltic states joined in the best time possible . 
  imagine , if it was later or today , russia would make sure that it wo n't happen . 
  or parts of uk, 
  the legacy of colonialism and missionaries, 
  he is epitome of british redneck, 
  was ? 
   i can and will absolutely call unjust is the ethnic cleansing of germans and the expropriation that happened it 's sad , but population transfer was too agreed by allies . 
  it was common after wwii . 
  people were transferred in almost every country in the east . 
  poles were transferred from new soviet territories , czechs were transfered from new soviet teritorries , hungarians etc. 
  germans too . 
  what was a bit special in case of germans , is that many fleed on their own before soviets approached those territories . 
  many places were already empty . 
  there were many atrocities on civilians since soviets were targeting fleeing german forces and they often mistaken them with convoys of fleeing german civilians , example can be sinking of wilhelm gustloff . 
  you wo n't run from coal mines far away , they are in zaolzie as well . 
  damn we 're both stuck with old coal mines . 
  yep , annexation was not really the right word to use, 
  sounds as a good deal !, 
  his comment is about the land , which was granted to poland after wwii negotiations . 
  poland could n't do much as winning powers decided new layout of borders . 
  the winner was soviet union here . 
  they took half of poland , population was transfered to former east-german territories , they kept east prussia . 
  they wanted to push germany as much west as possible , so they could get big chunk of eastern european territories , also to eliminate any future german aggression . 
   silesia gib , czech clay, 
  he has a thick skin , i have to say, 
  i thought , czech categories were well established at pornhub, 
  malta/gozo/comino , friend of mine has seen azure window few days before it failed , megalithic structures , the only semitic language in europe , anglophone , air raids during wwii , beautiful historical cores of towns , warm weather and sea , lgbtq friendly, 
  i would love to believe it . 
  anyways , thanks for your insight . 
  oh , first article with some positivity . 
  still , there 's precious little of it . 
  obviously , opinion columns are one thing , but this bias is also in the `` regular '' articles . 
  also , if they present opinion of anti-euro economist , why do n't they present opinion of pro-euro economist as well in the following number ? 
  so , readers can read both opinions and compare . 
  this , you wo n't find in hn . 
  they choose people/economists which fit to the message they want to present . 
  the same goes to the renewables . 
  well , i have n't read many articles about euro in czech media , which were positive incl . 
  hn belongs to the better bunch of newspapers in czech media scene , yet it 's not unbiased newspaper . 
  there are articles , where i feel , they were intentionally written to side with certain interest groups - like bias against euro , renewable energy etc. 
  i 'm for euro too , yet that is something exporters and bankers decide unfortunately . 
  if crown is going to be advantageous for them , they wo n't rush for euro adoption . 
  there are always new articles in czech media about euro and how it 's bad , like yesterday in hn ( economic newspaper ) , where some german economist ( hans-werner sinn ) warned about euro adoption . 
  the title was : [ do not accept the euro , it is a failed project ] ( http://ekonom.ihned.cz/c1-65667510-euro-je-nepovedeny-projekt ) . 
  this is the kind of vibe , they want to keep in the media . 
  understandable , yet slightly controversial . 
  let 's see in what kind of agendas it will be implemented . 
  it 's better , that in certain policies there is going to be individual approach . 
  on the other hand , it can cause division inside eu . 
  some countries might feel pressured as they do n't want to fall outside the core . 
  in a bad scenario , some countries might create second or counter eu as opposition to the core . 
  i 'm not surprised , that we are not in top 20 . 
  we do n't know ourselves what to write on the label : made in czech republic/made in czechia / made in czechoslovakia ... interestingly , made in czechoslovakia has still good name in many global markets where ex-czechoslovakia exported . 
  it was like in china now . 
  hard core capitalism overnight . 
  exploit others and thrive , it was the rule number one . 
  it 's / was good deal for some time , for economic transition . 
  the problem is , that eastern countries sell components to germany , where they are put together and sold with high added value . 
  it means , that geman company get paid well for the final product , easterners get fraction of it . 
  western companies use eastern europe as component base with low costs ( mostly due to low salaries ) . 
  it 's getting to be harmfull for eastern european economies , as they are getting stuck in this low added value scheme . 
  some could remain , but it was difficult . 
  they had to prove , that they were anti-nazi . 
  if you could n't , you were deported as the rest . 
  many anti-nazi germans left anyway , because of the harsh post-war environment against germans . 
  also , people considered `` important for economy '' were not allowed to be deported . 
  around 160 000 ppl stated german ethnicity in 1950 census . 
  this went down with each decade as they were asimilated in to the majority . 
  in the last census of 2011 , 25 000 ppl . 
  stated german ethnicity . 
  it should be explained , that 26 % of people have n't specified nationality as it 's not required during census . 
  also , czech nationality consisted of moravian and silesian till the last census , when it was given the option to further specify . 
  did n't know , that the ability to use a pen and draw was strictly european feature, 
  moomin , you zexy !, 
  there seems to be shift from spain/britain towards france/belgium/germany in this timeframe . 
  language is education .
