  people often blame eu for their local problems and local politicians use it as a tool for more power gain . 
  eu politicians ( made of locals from each country ) do n't help with their unclear policy and bad `` translation '' towards ordinary citizens . 
  eu needs some good pr and direct connection with people . 
  on the other side , people should be more interested in the eu politics . 
  different individuals and populists use this vacuum between people and eu for their own `` explanations '' of things , often out of reality . 
  with more eu knowledge from the people 's side and better easy-to-understand explanation from the eu side , things could improve a lot . 
  south should reform a lot , but they do n't do it . 
  look at eastern europe . 
  they get richer too , they reform , they innovate , modernise , both - countries without and with euro . 
  their starting position was much worst when compared to the south . 
  it 's russia !, 
  even worse individuals can come into power there . 
  so assassination is not really an option, 
  least corrupt out of cee countries : estonia , czech republic , slovenia always we 3 in the rankings , let 's make an alliance, 
  each country has its own interests poland wants to see itself as middle power in europe we are connected to germany ( if we like it or not ) slovakia is connected to us hungary is a lonely wolf with isolationist tendencies the best thing for us ( from the regional point of view ) is to have good relationship with all of our neigbours and to form close ties with the regions bordering us ( slovakia , austria , bavaria , saxony , southwestern poland ), 
  yeah , i meant towards us, 
  the last time we could n't count on west , we got russian tanks instead poland , hungary - shared culture and history ? 
  not really if you want to point out the culturally and historically closest regions : slovakia , austria , bavaria , saxony/lusatia , silesia, 
  at least you got ta love their self-confidence/s orban : self-centred populist szydlo : just a powerless figure of the polish ruling party fico : self-centred manipulative macho figure sobotka : kinda good office guy , but no charisma or strong leadership, 
  nice, 
  it 's all bad , but yep germans and russians went over the top in previous century, 
  i would n't use many arguments from history , coz you can get the same medicine ( irish , colonial atrocities , boer concentration camps , ... ), 
  rip byzantine empire also , the mongol invasion was quite impressive, 
  you do n't say !, 
  love you too, 
  this ranking is weird !, 
  czech republic is in the front positions of public opinion on lgbt matters [ 1 ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/ ) , [ 2 ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/dvs/dvt/lgbt.php ) . 
  yes , our laws does n't reflect the public liberal atmosphere as they should , but to be ranked so low is weird to me . 
  ... and conservative, 
  sweden, 
  and what we have to do with belarus and russia ? 
  those countries are far away with different culture , mentality and history . 
  we have much more in common with germany and austria for example , then with some other slavic countries far from us . 
  yep , i know two post-erasmus couples with babies, 
  glad , we are somewhere in the middle between `` i '' or `` we '', 
  austria is building also [ big one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brenner_base_tunnel ), 
  i 'm surprised , that we are not on the list, 
  clever choice, 
  `` nationalism is an infantile disease . 
  it is the measles of mankind '' albert einstein `` nationalism is a power hunger tempered by self-deception '' george orwell `` patriotism is when love of your own people comes first ; nationalism , when hate for people other then your own comes first '' charles de gaulle, 
  wtf ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'm for skilled migration when necessary - even from outside of eu , but these companies wo n't increase wages even if they have to slow down the production - bunch of weirdos ( hope , competition beats them ) . 
  what about innovations/robotisation ? 
  heard those manufacturers about it or they want to just import cheap labor as usual and keep low wages ? 
  they said , that they want 100k ppl from east and forcing government to relax work permits . 
  because we are not stupid , why would we go to lost battle ? 
  based on [ this ] ( https://freedomhouse.org/sites/default/files/fh_fotn_2015report.pdf ) iceland , estonia and canada, 
  slovakia was nazi puppet state at that time, 
  this could n't ever work . 
  in czech and dutch case , there would be more german speakers than natives . 
  reading more about [ theodore n. kaufman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theodore_n._kaufman ) , he was kinda over the top radical, 
  is n't better to build telescope outside , in the space ? 
  - like better hubble ? 
  damn 71 % :-), 
  why communism ? 
  why do you need to replace one ideology with another ? 
  ca n't you be just free thinker, 
  imagine there 's no heaven it 's easy if you try no hell below us above us only sky imagine all the people living for today . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_ ( netherlands ) ), 
  saudis there , why i 'm not surprised ? 
  great news !, 
  well , i would n't vote for party with nazi connections . 
  certain fpo members praising some nazi policies and spreading xenophobia . 
  well , i guess everyone has different level of taste . 
  why are you offended , when i say that fpo founder was in ss and fpo history has some connections to nazism ? 
  it 's true , search it . 
  sorry , if you voted for hofer , may you regret your mistake one day . 
  was i saying that ? 
  sad , that nazis can intoxicate europe even today, 
  i know , one have to be careful here !, 
  sry rednecks , i 'm not into nazism . 
  why it 's funny ? 
  fpo has its roots in nazism and its founder was in ss . 
  not surprised , rednecks from countryside vote for populists it was the same here , when countryside elected zeman ( he is socialist , but crazy one ), 
  here in cr , both terms nazi and communist are insulting . 
  we experienced both first hand . 
  the only difference is , that nazis are more connected with foreign element in our collective memory as nazis were foreign nationals in the past ( which is not true for todays neo-nazis here ) . 
  communists were mostly converted czechs who took profit from the situation of the cold war epoch . 
  today , they are seen as backward pro-russian trolls . 
  interestingly , slovakia , estonia , lithuania ... all with euro , growing faster and they do n't have to care about devaluation etc. 
  our central bank is just helping big players on the market - manufacturing factories whose main advantage is price !, 
  - how they get it - by paying low wages and lobbying politicians ( incl . 
  national bank ) . 
  normal citizens get weak currency and undervalued savings , ppl leaving abroad for higher wages and expensive foreign technologies needed by small czech companies . 
  it was ok for the crisis years , but they should have abolish this policy long time ago, 
  imagine , where russia would have been with its natural reserves , human capital and its position connecting the richest parts of the world ( europe , pacific asia and america ) . 
  it had/has all the potential , but russian management and mentality wo n't allow it to happen . 
  if other nations let 's say : chinese , japanese , dutch , swede , . . would switch its position with russia , the place would thrive . 
  . . a long way ahead . 
  i think , we would do better , if our central bank stopped with devaluing our currency . 
  you can see , how was the economic core shifting from mediterranean to the north west, 
  silesia can into familiar, 
  prague was the capital of holy roman empire since 1355 , but wiki says that it had 77 000 between 1300-1350, 
  i guess , western slovakia , northern austria + vienna , eastern germany , some bavarian regions ( the ones close to cr ) . 
  wtf, 
  invented by czechs in former a-h . btw . 
  one third of viennese austrians is of czech descent and many famous austrians have czech roots ^ just ^ saying, 
  conspiracy theories seem to have fertile ground in hungary, 
  criminality is a problem .
