  interesting . 
  i did n't know the two ethnicities are so separated from each other . 
  maybe it 's also the effect of small country , where `` everyone knows each other '' . 
  here in cz ( we are also small country , but not too small ) , nobody cares from where your parents are . 
  if you have been born here or grown up here , you are czech . 
  it 's easy especially if you are `` white '' , because nobody would ever guess . 
  we have also many asians ( vietnamese mostly ) who where born here and they are very well integrated into society . 
  the only `` problematic '' group are gypsies who were originally nomadic travellers and they were forcibly settled during communism . 
  the newcomer muslims are novelty here and we do n't have any experience yet . 
  i know many people whos parent or parents are from ukraine , romania , russia and other european countries and you do n't see any difference between them and the majority . 
  also , my cousins are `` product of an intermarriage '' between czech and russian and they feel 100 % czech , more then me :-), 
  do you think , that russians do n't try very hard to integrate ? 
  or that the state is not efficient enough to include them in the major society ? 
  or is it a combination of both ? 
  thank you for your insight . 
  it can be true , that the division is between eu-russians themselves . 
  i 've talked to woman from eastern ukraine ( russian speaking ) and we have discussed the situation in ukraine . 
  she spoke very well czech and was satisfied with her life in prague , but her mother watched russian channels full of propaganda and twisted her opinions for pro-kremlin truth . 
  she said , she never thought , she would argue with her mother about politics and that they would alienate their relationship . 
  her mother wants to go to crimea now , because she thinks it 's a paradise and putin will take care of her . 
  it seems , that the division is even between families , friends etc. 
  i think eu should be more proactive when dealing with propaganda coming from russia , and it 's even more important for countries like estonia and latvia . 
  there should be more support for the local russian population to deal with this issue , they need to feel included and protected by the state . 
  we ca n't forget , that putin has a propaganda teams which target russians in the eu . 
  i would n't say americanised but globalised . 
  the whole europe is globalised as the rest of the world . 
  some countries less and some more . 
  it 's 21st century , the differences are getting smaller , times are changing and it does n't have to be just a bad thing . 
  how common are intermarriages between estonians and eesti-russians ? 
  if so , were they more common during soviet era or are more common since independence ? 
  are young people from both ethnic groups more similar to each other now ( culture , habits ) compare to the generation of their parents ? 
  this report is absolute nonsense, 
  it kind of makes sense , we are related the most to our nearest neighbours : slovakia , hungary , east germany and austria . 
  interestingly , poland and bavaria are more distant . 
  horrible !, 
  i would understand if the animal was terminally ill and it was in agony but to kill a young healthy lion is not normal . 
  do we have so many lions in the nature , that we kill them in the zoo ? 
  zoo , which is supposed to protect and conserve animal species . 
  do you kill humans , because they are so many out there ? 
  this zoo failed in it 's mission . 
  it seems to me like they want to just show off and they try to justify their intentions . 
  no , i just do n't like aggressive stone-age-mentality which seems to be prevalent in russia . 
  it 's not a problem of russia only , there are many countries and regions with high rate of human rights violation . 
  one word : russia, 
  the best guy in the eu parlament !, 
  germoney + bureucracy, 
  i see , i have stired up a hornet 's nest, 
  omg , you are so ignorant , that if your ignorance could talk , i would hear you here !, 
  you just want to hear what you like , that 's all . 
  well , you ca n't get furious about ignorant comments like i do , because you have zero emotions and zero empathy . 
  no , that 's maybe your research/s , but i do a proper research . 
  i am not biased , of course i have studied materials about injustice on sudeten germans and i have seen many interviews with people who were expelled . 
  what makes me furious , is that many comments here justify german behaviour in wwii and that czechs , poles etc. 
  just went crazy after the war and `` suddenly '' without `` any reason '' told germans : we do n't want to live with you any longer . 
  this comes most of the time from germans !, 
  i was shocked . 
  i thought , they study this period very precisely at school , but maybe i was wrong . 
  ... but i do my research . 
  hey , it 's actually a nice quote !, 
  you should post it here [ r/quotes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/ ), 
  well , if i murder someone - let the wolves to tear me into pieces , i would n't complain . 
  fortunately , i am very well behaved person , so no problems with me :-) . 
  the only `` mistake '' i make is , that i always say the truth no matter what and it 's not always well received by everyone . 
  i guess , it 's really person by person . 
  if someone kills my family , i would n't forgive that person ever ( or anyone who support it ) and i would n't want to have this person as my neighbour . 
  you are probably more capable of forgiveness and suppressing your emotions , good for you . 
  history repeat itself , crazy, 
  omg , you just repeat the same thing all around . 
  crime does n't excuse crime , that 's right , but what i tried to explain to you 100 times is , that i understand why this happened at that time given all the circumstances . 
  nsdap has been officially banned by czechoslovak authorities in 1933 , so they have established [ sdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sudeten_german_party ) instead ( breed of nsdap actually ) . 
  henlein has been poisoned by german national movement since the beginning ( funny fact , his mother was half czech and he tried to hide it ) . 
  masaryk and bene\u0161 were not anti-german but they were against german nationalism in sudeten regions . 
  sudeten germans did n't want to hear anything about cooperation with czech majority , they just wanted to be puppets of germany . 
  they were becoming very confident with the rise of nationalism in germany and very hard to even discuss something . 
  [ some study material for you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ), 
  omg !, 
  what did you learn at school ? 
  poor grandpa , he just fighted in wehrmacht , probably killed couple of poles , czechs , jews and returned home . 
  then the bastards czechs said : hey we do n't want you here and he had to go to reich about which so many sudeten germans dreamed . 
  very sad . 
  no , the very minority did n't vote for them , the vast majority did, 
  honey , study !, 
  ( p.s. 
  please do n't compare slavery and german expelling , two completely different events ), 
  poor germans , they just wanted to wipe out all the nations in the east and they have n't succeeded , so sad, 
  well you do n't understand what i mean . 
  you are looking at it from today 's perspective , and of course , we would not expel someone just based on his/her ethnicity today in europe . 
  if you want to understand why the expelling of germans happened in the whole europe , you have to look at it from the perspective of that particular period . 
  no , but in the atmosphere of wwii , it was the easiest solution for many . 
  [ the netherlands incuided ] ( http://expelledgermans.org/dutchgermans.htm ), 
  well , if the plan of your fellow germans have been successful , i would n't be here today . 
  i would n't be born , because my grandparents would have been killed as a kids by germans . 
  so i could n't be deported . 
  no in 1945 , but 68 % of sudeten germans ( eligible to vote ) in 1935 and 98 % in 1938 voted for nsdap, 
  most of the murders were committed by people who were collaborators with nazis and they wanted to hide their former actions by being aggressive toward germans . 
  those people have no character . 
  benes have never encouraged anyone to use violence . 
  his speeches were anti-german , that is true , but it was the result of the time after the war , it was expected from him . 
  we have to keep in mind , that germans were not popular in any european country which has been occupied by them . 
  he could have been more `` building-bridges '' person , but unfortunately he was taken by the emotions of the after-war europe .
