  people are not used to be actively engaged , either socially or politically , unlike in the west . 
  i do n't know , how far is this the heritage of dictatorship . 
  anything other than the `` universal norm '' is still suspicious , which relate to almost everything : how you dress , how you talk , how much you earn , . . etc. 
  people have to open their minds here . 
  we are the most tolerant from the ex-communist block , but we have still long way to go . 
  it 's not hard to compare ourselves to ex-commie states , cos we almost always win . 
  what about we compare ourselves to benelux or scandinavia ? 
  then , we can see how much we have to improve , especially our legal system . 
  there is alway the `` almost '' in our case, 
  sadly , the case of the majority of homophobes in cz, 
  not true are we religious ? 
  are all marriages in church ? 
  no , most marriages are civil ones . 
  in secular state , people are equal before the law . 
  so , these arguments have no logic unless we are saudi arabia . 
  it depends, 
  i think he has [ voiced ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3ezbxebetc ) this video also, 
  did n't you know , democracy is the biggest enemy of russia . 
  bigger than hunger or war . 
  jesus , zeman there . 
  our trump and putin in one . 
  maybe not much land for conquistadors and strong tribes . 
  during late roman empire , most of them were christians . 
  they converted to islam later due arab conquest . 
  interesting , that they have n't continued across the strait in north africa . 
  imagine christian morocco . 
  i actually like , that poland is focused on reconstruction of the old town centres destroyed during war . 
  many places in germany missed the chance . 
  i do n't know , i 'm always on the side of the weak one . 
  in the beginning of the video , i am like : yes go castile and aragon , hunt them down . 
  in the end of the video , i am like : granada you can make it , stay strong girl . 
  spaniards finished recoquista in 1492 and started new conquista in the new world right after . 
  they had not enough fighting at the time . 
  what about usa between canada nad mexico ? 
  https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/problem-russias-best-and-brightest russians in czech rep. : 35 987 ( 2016 ) 18 564 ( 2006 ), 
   yes , the new europeans - africans , and middle easterners are very progressive in this regard . 
  so i do n't know why are many people hating on them then , when they share similar backward values , so they should blend in well . 
  and would that be a tragedy in your country ? 
  yet , it 's still hard to understand why people want to suffer so the corrupted elite can do whatever they want . 
  look at romania , people wo n't allow that . 
  no wonder , the immigration of russians into eu increased so rapidly . 
  is there no way in which belgium can act ? 
  what a monster the eu is , we should have caste system instead like india or strict gender separation like saudi arabia . 
  god forbid equality , inequality is what we go for . 
  good for her !, 
  so , you should be happy , that this implementation is directed to cross-border recognition only . 
  homophobia is definitely issue in eastern europe , but i do n't think eu should be blind to it . 
  so , the local representatives vote there . 
  i do n't see it as forcing other countries then . 
  is n't eu parliament consisted of mps from every country ? 
  :-) true this and so does russia , but eu is blamed by nationalists as undemocratic . 
  what irony . 
  have usa ripped itself apart , because there have been allowed gay-marriages ? 
  i did n't notice texas to leave for example . 
  it 's about cross-border recognition of same-sex adoptions . 
  nobody is forcing i.e. 
  poland to allow adoptions . 
  it says , that if let 's say dutch same-sex family is moving to poland , that they wo n't face discrimination and legal actions there . 
  `` it paves the way for future eu legislation to permit `` automatic cross-border recognition of domestic adoption orders '' throughout the eu '', 
  it 's the right decision . 
  it 's still sensitive topic for many countries ( especially in the east ) , so it should be approached as such . 
  catholic worldyouthday had met up in krakow , some traveled to prague later as crusade mission, 
  one day you can do it !, 
  hussites ? 
  and that we converted poles and some baltic tribes ? 
  otherwise i do n't think we were really super religious, 
  i 'm not here to satisfy you . 
  i 'm telling you the fact , that many people does not believe in god , because they do n't need him/her/it and the number is rising . 
  the backbone of chrisitanity is bible , yet nobody lives exactly according to the bible . 
  there are many passages , which are hardly compactible with the society of today ( maybe because it was written on the basis of societal customs in the middle east 2000 yeras ago ) . 
  by some priest , you mean pope francis you claim , that you are not really orthodox christian , yet you prove that you are highly influenced by the church and you seem to be still religious . 
   based on what do we quantify this need ? 
  based on individual decision . 
  i do n't believe in god . 
  how do you want this to quantify ? 
   that church should n't `` reform '' itself on the whim of public opinion that means , that the church will set up itself to fail . 
  as in nature , what does not adapt and evolve is going to fail . 
  catholic church tries to evolve in certain degree though . 
  the church of today is very different from the one of paul the apostle . 
  they even accept darwin evolution now , the big bang and that god made gay people too . 
  this would have been heresy 50 years ago . 
  why the church does that ? 
  because if they want to stay influential , they need to do it . 
  the change is slow though . 
  it 's because the church has to balance between its progressive members and ultra traditional ones . 
  they do n't want to create schism , so they wait till it 's not that controversial subject and the majority would get along with that . 
  the example of failing faith is islam itself . 
  it was the more progressive , tolerant and education glorifying religion in the early middle ages in comparision to christianity . 
   higher education does n't make a person excel in all qualities . 
  again , why would educated person need god or church ? 
  becasue the majority seems to be ok without it in the developed world, 
  religion ( catholicism ) played important role in croatian nationalism and self-determination inside yugo and after its collapse . 
  there were wars between similar ethnic groups and one of the main differences was religion ( catholic croats vs orthodox serbs vs muslim bosniaks ) . 
  it means , that we do n't need god in our modern societies . 
  people see church as institutio\u0144 , which lost its relevance and which does n't offer answers and guidance to satisfy the needs of our human life in modern times . 
  there are two main reasons i belive 1 , church does n't reform itself fast enough to go with the evolution of human society ( antagonism towrds lgbtq people , no abortion , no sex protection , no female priests etc. ), 
  2 , poeple are becoming highly educated so they do n't need church as intermediary guide which intervene into their lives . 
  let 's hope to see it in poland as well in couple of years . 
  rather the southeast in our case, 
  history , dislike towards institutions , church is not seen as relevant in the society but rather as backward , young people are ultra irreligious and older people are not that obsessed by church neither .
