  czechs do n't migrate even within czechia much ( except prague maybe ) . 
  why do they make so many groups ? 
  it 's confusing . 
  they mix people with dutch citizenship of czech and slovak ancestry with people born in czechoslovakia with original citizenship yet not distinguishing czechs from slovaks ( except people born after 1993 ), 
  65 % , all went smoothly until all the danish names came, 
  we like finland but i guess there are less opportunities ( sparsely populated ) . 
  there are more finns living in czechia ( 365 ) . 
  germany = the clay of czechia, 
  i do n't like weapons, 
  the total number include immigrants from six cee countries : ( poland , czechia , slovakia , hungary , romania and bulgaria ) numbers in red shows czechs only, 
  it 's misleading to consumers though . 
  if you make the same packaging people expect the same quality . 
  people trust the brand , they did n't know that ingredients differ between west and east of eu where east gets cheaper subtitituents while the price is similar . 
   capitalism is capitalism capitalism does n't mean that you have to cheat and lie to make profits . 
  this is just the tip of an iceberg . 
  it 's common practice across the entire food industry . 
  the fight is going to be long . 
  fingers crossed, 
  as is the saying `` you do n't shit in your nest '' . 
  why do it in the forest of your municipality if you can throw it across the border where you do n't know anyone + you minimize the humiliation of being caught at home . 
   why do those turds even bother crossing the border for this ? 
  because they do n't sort their waste and have to otherwise pay in their municipalities , so they get it across the border . 
  it 's irresistible for some of them it seems . 
  they have to be from near by as they wo n't drive far away . 
  it 's a pile of garbage with german inscriptions : old newspapers , covers from toys , plastic cans , etc immediately on the border and around roads there . 
  even german media have no doubt about the source . 
   maybe you can just call them up and get them to confess ... and for that you need cross-border cooperation . 
  they wo n't come to czech police station . 
  if german police call them to their office having the evidence from czech collegues , then they can try to make them to confess . 
  still , it 's difficult to prove it . 
  the town even instaled camera to one exposed place , it got stolen . 
  i think it would help to have joint czech-german police units . 
  we live in the eu and we need to strengthen cooperation across regions . 
  if people feel like in the moment they cross border they wont be punished for their behaviour , then that 's problem . 
  they need to know that investigation and fines will follow them back home . 
  money , laziness to sort waste , no respect towards nature or your neighbours . 
  that would be the main reasons i guess . 
  some people are pigs regardless where they live . 
  translation : cheb - according to a report , more and more germans are throwing their garbage in in the wild in the czech republic . 
  in cheb ( eger ) alone , there are four illegal stockpiles in forests close to the border as reported by the czech television ct on wednesday . 
  that the garbage is from germany , can be seen on the labels . 
  `` germans have to pay by themselves at home based on the quantity of the produced waste , '' says the report . 
  `` bringing everything across the border to the czech republic seems to be the easiest way for some to save money . '', 
  in the czech republic , people pay flat-rate waste charges . 
  the city of cheb alone located about 50 kilometers north of weiden ( upper palatinate ) , have to remove about five tons of waste from illegal garbage dumps every year . 
  however , the problem of illegal stockpiles is not limited to the border area . 
  also some czechs , for example , leave their carracks in the forest . 
  volunteers of the campaign `` we make the czech republic clean '' collected more than 2000 times more of garbage in the nature this year . 
  with a specially developed smartphone app , anyone can report . 
  the data are published on a map on the internet - and so others are encouraged to help . 
  rip cathars , never forget, 
   we will see what will happen , ok , so when you see fire you wait to get burned cos you want to see what happens, 
  the famous spa city . 
  califonian carlsbad got its name after this town . 
  also , wes anderson got his [ inspiration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_grand_budapest_hotel#/media/file:hirschensprung.jpg ) for the movie of the grand budapest hotel here . 
  [ says ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/09/poland-constitutional-court-law-and-justice-government-reforms ) [ legal ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/polands-new-judicial-reform-drops-any-democratic-pretense/a-39728508 ) [ experts ] ( https://euobserver.com/justice/138567 ) or is it all western propaganda ? 
  pis is doing reform because they want to control the supreme court completely, 
  was there pis for several decades ? 
  yes communists did that back in the day, 
  by allowing the ruling party to put their people everywhere they want ? 
   many would say reforms were necessary exactly to turn back from self-destructive route . 
  yet exactly the opposite was achieved our babadook is not nationalist . 
  he is ex-commie multimillionaire targeting left and centre usually older and countryside folk . 
  it 's not protecting your country , but weakening your country . 
  poland is deteriorating its image month by month , allies are concerned , potential cooperations are jeopardized . 
  poland needs to get to 21st century and not living permanently by past events . 
  the biggest thread for the country are not foreigners but domestic politicians . 
  they throw other poles under the bus and even do n't blink an eye . 
  what they did i.e. 
  with tusk was speechless . 
  hopefully , poland wo n't go full russia or turkey in years to come . 
  well said, 
  legend, 
   who leaves a friend in need ? 
  in need ? 
  more in self-destruction mode interests of ruling party hungry for more power does not equal country interests czech interest is to have strong democratic neighbours , it 's sad to see losing that . 
  this is not going to be solved unless france and germany would make initiative , so v4 can max . 
  watch baywatch . 
  i do n't get this polish sect-like-nationalism . 
  it 's like determining who is more loyal to the sect and who is less . 
  it goes against poles themselves . 
  who they are to tell other countrymen who is more polish and who is less polish ? 
  - so bizzare . 
  in such environment , there is lack of critical thinking or self-reflection as it 's almost forbiden to criticise its country practices . 
  you can see similar patterns in russia or turkey . 
  poland with its mannerism is losing friends . 
  normally , if person is losing friends and they are telling you to do something with yourself , you know you should probably think about it and do some self-reflection . 
   how do people from other countries know how much their work are worth ? 
  they do n't know , you have to guess and to try to make a good deal for yourself when signing contract . 
  it can happen that people doing the same work in the office have different salaries . 
  probably , they were knocking on the door of kremlin too often . 
  i remember the news of the horrific murders , what a monster, 
  it 's good to express your support for democracy , especially in your neighborhood . 
   do n't you dare badmouthing horalka i would never speak badly about tatranka, 
  david hasselhoff tasted their [ snacks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq7v7axyoty ) . 
  he survived . 
   but i separate europe in either south and north or east and west . 
  do n't forget central europe, 
  hail storms are common in summer, 
  i do n't know , but it belongs to top 25 [ most conservative countries ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-most-conservative-countries-in-the-world-2017-1/#24-algeria-algeria-was-one-of-the-worst-performing-countries-in-the-wefs-gender-gap-report-coming-in-120th-it-also-has-one-of-the-worst-scores-for-personal-rights-in-the-social-progress-index-scoring-just-under-14-out-of-100-in-the-report-2 ) .
