  so , the quality of his speeches is highly disputable . 
  eu will last for many years to come . 
  it depends on each country how much it wants to be involved in the upcoming stronger unification . 
  there might be the eu core of countries which 'll follow further integration and eu associated countries on the edge, 
  this article is nonsense , the author is clearly exaggerating the anti-eu sentiment, 
  especially among uneducated and `` small town people '' , the anti-eu sentiment is very high - no surprise actually, 
  the same here . 
  it 's just paranoia feeded by some media and politicians . 
  nobody in eu thinks the current situation is the best , but nobody sees apocalyptic scenarios as those individuals . 
  we should sort it out as eu , but not destroying all we have achieved after wwii . 
  this article is nonsense , very exaggerated . 
  visegrad group is not compact as many think . 
  each country is very different and follows its own interests . 
  cz would never go into union with poland and hungary solely , that 's for sure . 
   what if we are not counted as an ex-soviet country ? 
  of course we are not, 
  us and ex-soviet , no countries for old men . 
  we accept secretly , that we 've been influenced by german culture for millennia and that we look up to them in certain aspects, 
  my family friends live in bc . 
  beautiful nature . 
  canadians are like the mix between americans and europeans . 
  good speech, 
  i love old pictures of paris, 
  exactly . 
  they are all mostly gypsies from romania , bulgaria and the rest of balkan . 
  i do n't give them anything . 
  they work in groups , it 's like their job or something . 
  they are everywhere : vienna , prague anywhere . 
  one is 300m from my flat , she has her spot and her companions always pick her up when the `` working time '' is over . 
  novelty here in prague , are begging buddhist monks . 
  they are false monks of chinese nationality . 
  they are notorious in hong kong , nyc and somehow they 've found their way to europe as well . 
  yes and no . 
  if you are earning around the average ( which is around 1k $ ) and above , you are living good life with low cost of living . 
  if you have less , you do n't have much left after you pay all the necessary expenses . 
  i do n't get it . 
  engineers are in demand worldwide , especially in countries oriented on industry and technology like germany , czech rep. etc. 
  - send them here to cz , they 'll get job pretty easy . 
  companies are hungry for engineers here . 
  with such a mass of highly skilled workforce , i wonder , why are you not making new companies , attracting investments , services , etc. 
  there is a potential , but maybe your system , bureaucracy or something prevent this to happen . 
  look to estonia in this regard , they are improving year by year . 
  i like the fact , that old prussians resisted to christianity for so long . 
  unfortunately , most of them did n't survive the crusades against them led by teutonic knights , pope and poland . 
  the modern prussians you are talking about , were german colonists with some admixture of baltic people and poles . 
  they took the name prussia from the old prussians for their new state . 
  what happened after wwii was due to germany and their nazi leaders , whose total war was very present in the east . 
  hitler and stalin did n't screw only prussian state , but the whole continent for years to come . 
  not sad for us, 
  true . 
  there are many scholarship programs , where you can apply ( . . and if you 're good and have a luck , you get sponsored ) . 
  me neither . 
  it seems they are partner country since 2014 ( it 's not like fully participating country , there are some specific conditions ) . 
  he can go with [ erasmus ] ( https://esn.org/article/erasmus-student-network-welcomes-russian-federation-its-37th-member-country ) for the start . 
  you do n't need to know the local language for some programs . 
  the majority of universities offer option to study in english . 
  also , education is still free in many eu countries . 
  the easiest way is to enroll yourself at university in europe , you can also apply for stipendium, 
  yeah , wageningen !, 
  i 've studied there, 
  you should inform r/slovakia about your ideas / s, 
  we are conquered by austria and moved to balkan . 
  sounds like our nightmare / s ( on the bright side , we got warm sea ), 
  good , that 's the only way, 
  this is the difference between europe and islamic countries : we went through many phases since medieval ages ( renaissance , baroque , classicism , fall of absolutism , rights for women , rights for gay . . ) , but islamic countries have never went through such societal phases since medieval times ( the only exceptions are turkey and azerbaijan ) . 
  the reality is , that they have to adjust to modern world and it 's not an easy thing for them as we can see . 
  education is critical factor in regards of their integration . 
  we have to stand by our high standards no questions asked . 
  * the russians are liars - you ca n't trust them . 
  at potsdam they agreed to everything and broke their word . 
  it 's too bad the second world power is like this , but that 's the way it is , and we must keep our strength * harry s. truman, 
  not gon na lie , if i was living in germany , i would have pepper spray at least, 
  quick solution : leave religion, 
  italy has the potential to be powerful , but due to its internal problems , it 's not . 
  italy has to remove the barriers , which prevent them from attending the franco-german level . 
  italy is not united internally , has enormous corruption and economic slowdown . 
  italy needs many reforms and improvements and it needs to motivate its population to do so . 
  culturally , italy is a powerhouse , so be it in other disciplines as well . 
  i know , it 's hard for poles to understand satire of religion, 
  like it , like the church of [ our lady of perpetual exemption ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y1xjavzxxg ), 
  i thought , that italy is going to be the next `` sick man '' hopefully , we wo n't need this `` award '' any more in europe . 
  sad times we live in, 
  zeman is our trump , he is a joke, 
  [ do n't worry , the whole europe knows you as drunks ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ptr7f6d.jpg ), 
  good job romania, 
  ... because knowing your history may prevent such events in the future ? 
  it 's shocking , how can be some people so ignorant . 
  i think , that germany have coped with its stigma quite well . 
  they are well educated in this matter and they acknowledge their guilt . 
  unfortunately , there are still some old nazis out there or their sympathizers who will never change . 
  central and eastern europe is the biggest graveyard in the world . 
  it was a slaughter house and it experienced atrocities on such large scale , that it deals with this trauma till this day . 
  it lost nearly 90 mio inhabitants during nazism and communism . 
  no way !, 
  such a surprise/s, 
  he is clearly educated in genetics/s, 
  i ca n't understand , how can some people deny the atrocities of wwii . 
  maybe , they should visit former concentration caps and attend discussion with holocaust survivors . 
  the stories of the people who survived the hell , have haunted me for days . 
  i liked to watch this games as a child,
