   this inclination , which is objectively disordered , constitutes for most of them a trial . 
  disordered ? 
  so they should be cured ? 
  if this is their official statement toward lgbt , they have really long way to go . 
  generally , it become better since joseph ii . 
  unfortunately , the whole period was like a ride on roller coaster . 
  sometimes better and often bad like i.e. 
  the period of interior minister bach . 
  czechs have never identified themselves with austrian empire . 
  it was due to our differences : czechs were mostly protestant , liberal and tolerant , austrians were catholics , conservative and institucional . 
  the rifts were high , especially due to violent re-catholicization and germanisation of czech regions with the consequences for the whole period . 
  so , germany has said that they welcome everyone and now , they have made the rest of europe to build fences . 
  can someone explain ? 
  it could have happened earlier than in 1918 . 
  czechs were never into habsburgs . 
  we call the period from 1620 till 1918 the dark ages in our history books . 
  without the commentators , you would have inquisition even today . 
  about the disappearance of the church , that 's exactly what 's happening and the church knows it . 
  people are leaving the institution , numbers are dropping sharply , especially in the developed part of the world . 
  they know , they need to change somehow , otherwise they will loose their influence . 
  the current pope is trying to make some of those much needed positive reforms , but he has to deal with conservative wings inside the church . 
  the balance inside the church is changing as well . 
  most of the believers are in developing world today , and they want to have a say . 
  unfortunately , many bishops from developing countries ( especially africa ) are very conservative , so to make a positive stands is more and more difficult for the leaders in vatican . 
  why should celibacy stand ? 
  why ca n't be women priests ? 
  why is church hostile toward lgbt people ? 
  beer , glass , video games , models , fairy tales, 
  we live in 21 century and not in the middle ages , the church has to reflect that ( if they want to keep their influence over people 's souls ), 
  vatican is full of gays and everyone knows it , so i do n't see why the church ca n't change already . 
  the same toward women to become a priest and celibacy . 
  does the church realise that 's 21 century and no middle ages , when they could simply burn people at the stake ? 
  czech republic loves its lgbt citizens !, 
  yes and no . 
  there are also divisions between regions inside particular countries . 
  i guess , there are quite differences inside germany as well , let 's say when you compare bavaria or b-w with northern budeslands . 
  it 's the same for cz , for instance bohemia is more tolerant than moravia . 
  religion, 
  actually , i am surprised , that we do n't score higher than austria . 
  i 've been living in vienna for almost a year and i can tell you that prague is a light years ahead in regards of lgbt . 
  austria is a conservative country compared to czech rep. maybe , our numbers are getting suppressed by regions in moravia , i 'm not sure . 
  anti-trans ? 
  no way !, 
  just in the small shop i go for grocery are two trans cashiers , and that 's only in my street . 
  yes , but needs reforms and getting out oligarchs, 
  i impressed , well written !, 
  i 'll use it when talking with close-minded people . 
  it 's not about age to have open-mind . 
  i know many people who are younger than me ( 30 ) and are xenophobic . 
  it 's about how well-traveled , educated they are and how much experience with another cultures they have . 
  i have lived abroad , i know people from the whole world , so my opinions about people with different background are positive . 
  i can imagine , that average czech person who is for instance just 20 , never been anywhere , never experienced the world , does n't know languages very well and is the consumer of czech media or what people around say , has different opinion toward refugees - certainly negative . 
  the problem here , which i 've been pointing out , is that we do n't want to help people `` who are different '' . 
  this is the issue . 
  it 's intolerance toward anyone different other then us . 
  which is kind of problem , because we live in 21st century and the world is smaller and smaller . 
  we ca n't wire-fence our borders to the end of times . 
  yes , we have currently refugee crisis so it all become to quick to absorb , but every crisis has it 's end . 
  how we gon na come out from this crisis ? 
  not really good . 
  our reputation is going to get some wounds , we are not seen as serious partner inside eu already , and the rest of the world is also going to notice that ( which is already happening , when reading some us , canadian or australian news ) . 
  so , it 's not hard to guess , who is going to loose in the end . 
  we 'll have to change our mindset toward non-whites or non-christians in the long term otherwise we gon na be backward losers . 
  protecting us from who ? 
  from syrians who have nothing , who are fleeing from bombed cities and militant groups like isis . 
  this is humanitarian crisis and not some random immigration . 
  yes , i agree that we should be better at controlling outside borders of eu and letting in only people who are eligible for asylum according to international law , and that 's what eu wants to do . 
  the problem is that we - czechs do n't want syrians here or anyone who is approved as rightful refugee , because `` they are different '' . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  people are brainwashed by media and unfortunately by our politicians as well and the result is , that people became hostile to help other people in need . 
  i know we are not like that ( the majority ) , it 's just the fear from unknown which blinded the minds . 
  did we forget how other countries took our refugees when times were bad ? 
  did they say : it 's not our problem , they are different , they are not like us ? 
  no , and just to mention , our refugees were in countries like turkey , lebanon , south america etc. , so non-european countries . 
  we are doing well now , the economy can cope with new workers , we have peace . 
  now , it 's our time to help !, 
  that i do n't travel a lot ? 
  sir , i have been almost everywhere . 
  i 've lived almost 2 years in the netherlands , a year in vienna and couple of months in sweden and usa + i 've traveled from spain to sweden and from britain to greece . 
  so , i know exactly how does it look like here and there in the eu . 
  prague has actually one of the highest percentage of foreigners from the total population of the city , it 's around 20 % . 
  why you may not notice that , compare to let 's say amsterdam ? 
  it 's because our foreigners are white , mainly from slovakia , ukraine and russia , otherwise amsterdam where foreigners are mainly from their former colonies in caribbean , suriname , indonesia + gastarbeiters from turkey and morocco . 
  that 's the reason . 
  the numbers are the same . 
  we are just not use to foreigners who are not white ( or vietnamese ) , that 's the whole thing . 
  well , i would be more concerned about why we do n't have highways , infrastructure , world class research centers and why the eu funds which were supposed to go on this projects , were stolen by our great politicians and their friends . 
  it affect us much more , then few poor refugees who do n't want to be here anyway . 
  i can clearly see , that you have never been abroad working or taking internship . 
  all your life here in cz , drinking beer with friends . 
  no wonder , you have this opinions like some grandpa from horn\u00ed doln\u00ed . 
  eu had to even stop some funds , because there was large scale stealing and the czech thieves were so sure about themselves that they sponsored even their friends and friends of their friends . 
  we are not even able to use all the funds eu offering us , because we are unable to prepare constructive projects . 
  why do you think we do n't have highways yet or better railway ? 
  look at poland , they had nothing and using eu funds , they are building infrastructure better then our . 
  we are the reason why it does n't work , not eu . 
  better we do n't have referendums , with the mass hysteria about few immigrants who even do n't want to be here , we are able to be brainwashed about everything possible, 
  i hope , it 's a joke !, 
  people should be concerned more about our sovereign politicians , who steal like it 's the last day of the world . 
  especially , they love eu funds , because they are easy to steal .
