  so , it had to be shock for them since they lost their rights in estonia and on the other side of the border , the state they knew dissolved . 
  there was new russian state with enormous economic and social problems with troubles to take care of their own population and then you had milions outside in new states trying to migrate back . 
  they did n't have many options . 
  to call someone illegal immigrant who lived there much of his life and moved there legally at the time , is strange . 
  they should maintain the same quality content for both estonian and russain language edition , at least state media should, 
   well nobody forces them to - it is not like that they are going to prison for that or something but if they do n't pass they are not citizens . 
  how is i.e. 
  pension , healthcare etc. 
  solved in their case ? 
  they are like in between two worlds : they are not considered home in estonia and they are not home in russia . 
  quite schizophrenic . 
  thanks . 
  definitely , it 's good to have strong local media in russian or subtitled to counterbalance the influence from russia . 
  because it 's in the best interest of estonia to have them . 
  if they do n't want media from russia to be the solely info sources for their russian speaking populace , they need to have their own . 
  are there estonian media in russian language ? 
   if you lived in the country for decades you probably should know the local language , i think it has to be hard for older people . 
  estonian does n't belong to easy-to-learn languages . 
  i can understand , that it was shock for them as they lost their citizenship overnight and their language was no longer the official one . 
  this `` non-citizen '' policy in baltic states should be abolished . 
  certainly for people born there . 
  i have no idea who they meant in regards to hiking in flip-flops / s, 
  these bloody eastern europeans fighting for britain again, 
  `` no money for plebs , we gon na keep them for ourselves and friends '', 
  but may said that there are no magic money trees she probably meant not for common folk, 
  the akureyri area seems to be forested . 
  it 's said that [ 25-40 % of iceland 's land area was woodland ] ( http://www.skogur.is/english/forestry-in-a-treeless-land/ ) prior human settlement . 
  habsburgs got lands of bohemian crown which contained silesia as one of its parts . 
  habsburgs lost it later in wars with prussia . 
  and in lithuanian ponary, 
  they came for gifts away to czech lands as well, 
  do n't apologise for your viking instincts / s, 
  do n't forget kladsko, 
  beautiful, 
  were there other options like to be back under influence of russia ? 
  in that case , eu is winning, 
   merkel does n't deserve that kind of reaction . 
  it 's solely because of the immigration policy . 
  it 's also due to our media which portray muslim immigration as threat and they criticise merkel policies in this regard . 
  czechs are sceptical creatures by nature . 
  it was never really high , but they see it as the better option in the big picture . 
   winter is what kills people and vodka, 
   central europe = best europe we wo n't let jelly western and eastern europeans to tell us that glorious euro middle earth does n't exist, 
   the most peaceful continent of earth which is crazy to think , that just 70 years ago we were the bloodiest one, 
  czechia and slovenia elven slavs confirmed, 
  czech rep. is 6th safest . 
  beer protects you . 
  who else would be answering that to foreign journalist at press meeting ? 
  which just shows how insecure they are, 
  they could n't keep up with the competition here . 
  czech market is well saturated with food chains and it 's hard to gain some market niche . 
  or * actually , we do n't have control over chechnya . 
  we made kadyrov the eternal overlord there and he speaks only with our eternal overlord putin *, 
  what a ridiculous spokesperson . 
  what does it have to do with ministry of foreign affairs ? 
  chechnya is part of what country ? 
  china ? 
  so russia knows about situation in countries like syria or ukraine but it does n't know the situation in its own country ? 
  and the threats she is using against the reporter like wtf, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.prijmeni.cz/oblast/3000-ceska_republika ) is a website where you can type surname and see its occurrence in the country . 
  czech `` productivity '' means that i.e. 
  you create new machine , all parts are done in czechia , almost finished product is sent to germany and voil\u00e0 you have expensive finished product with stamp made in germany . 
  czechia am meer, 
  people understand it very well , but employers take advantage of labor and treat them often as commodity . 
  this does n't change the fact , that salaries here are very low and they do n't correspond with the power of our economy . 
  the growth of wages was stagnant for years and even if they would grow by 20 % for 5 years continuously , they would be still undervalued . 
  there needs to be bigger pressure from employees and labor unions ( which are almost non-existant or corrupted here ) . 
  yep , allowed since 2014, 
  acclimatized to czechia ? 
  honey , you do it the wrong way, 
  you have such a positive attitude . 
  it has to be fun to travel with you . 
  giving you options, 
  both, 
  spoils of war are rarely returned . 
  european museums would be half empty if so . 
  it would go in similar direction like alsace or like in south tyrol . 
  there would be years of reconciliation and the creation of one united nation to minimise any future conflicts . 
  the major language would be czech with german as secondary language ( especially in border regions ) . 
  our first president masaryk said `` you need to know the language of your neighbour '' so there was encouragement of czechs to learn german and for germans to learn czech before the war already . 
  the communist regime would try to mix the two groups , so intermarriages and migration of germans to majority czech regions and czechs to migrate into majority german regions would be encouraged . 
  the border regions with former western germany and austria would be affected as regime made them no-go zones ( iron courtain ) . 
  germans living there would have to resettle elsewhere in czechoslovakia . 
  years would go by and the two groups would blend more and more . 
  there would be slight increase in the `` new found german roots '' after the collapse of the regime in 1989 as many czech germans would try to emigrate to germany ( to western part ) due to better prospects . 
  some would try to use the program of `` the right to return '' . 
  in general , the number of sudeten germans would decrease due to assimilation and emigration . 
  the former sudeten regions would be mostly ethnically mixed , border regions in the southwest and south would be depopulated and they would look similar to as they look today ( due to iron curtain ) . 
  northern and eastern regions would be better off than they are today . 
  bloody bavarians, 
  i think it 's the attitude of some people , that russia `` fights '' against isis and putin is strong vs the eu `` invites '' them in and is weak . 
  sad , but certain people believe in this . 
  as we have seen , it 's not uncommon attitude in some western countries as well . 
  yet , most people here are not concerned about this or it 's not their biggest concern . 
  i do n't know why this is such a big thing in most eastern countries but it 's just not a problem here . 
  people are concerned about things which might hurt them or limit them in some way . 
  the number one issue here regarding values is immigration from outside of eu and habits of such immigrants which some people see as threatening . 
  media are full of this . 
  czech rep is not concerned about these values at all . 
  society is accepting of gays here unlike the other countries .
