  the communist isolationist experiment was n't normal situation , otherwise the city would have flourished even then . 
  i do n't think budapest comes as a surprise . 
  it 's among major city breaks destinations . 
  do n't take it seriously . 
  unfortunately , britain is the synonym for fools at the moment ( the image of brexit supporters , british tabloids and politicians ) . 
  it 'll fade away with time . 
  brexit has definitely affected the image of britain in the eyes of fellow europeans . 
  not as much the act itself , but all what went around - the lies , murdered politician , constant mocking of eastern euros in the tabloids , hate crimes and the stance and arrogance of many british politicians . 
  it was all watched very closely on the continent , so euros got quite a good picture . 
  till pope has sent five crusades and people ask why are czechs atheists / s, 
  interestingly , the regimes fallen earlier in eastern germany , poland and hungary . 
  czechoslovakia was the last one in the region to still hold the dictature . 
  it was havel and people around him who united protesters and who led the oppostion to negotiate with autocrats . 
  the velvet revolution was one of the most peacefull in the post-warsaw pact region . 
  havel and his connections abroad with influential czechs in exile helped massively during the first years of transition . 
  yes , because humanity and intellect which he represented is not in fashion in europe these days, 
  except he helped to overthrow bloody regime , which reigned for 40 years and united people ( in czech rep. ) with his peaceful personality and intellect to seek better future in the free world, 
  and some people still believe that the earth is flat, 
  good luck !, 
  [ tom\u00e1\u0161 garrigue masaryk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tom%c3%a1%c5%a1_garrigue_masaryk ), 
  jesus christ , is this in europe ? 
  rip . 
  along with tgm , the best president we have ever had . 
  well , catholics should know about ideological colonisation very well . 
  they are the masters in this . 
  except , that what they do has no effect anymore . 
  this policy works during harder economic conditions , when you disadvantage your currency so it supports your export by making your goods cheaper and more competitive . 
  however , when there is economic boom , you downturn investments , wage increase , modernisation and long-term competitivness of the local companies . 
  many economists were criticising this already . 
  yeah , but maybe better than the policy of our national bank , which is devaluing our currency and stripping people of money, 
  this is why i would welcome euro, 
  yep our family home was robbed when i was a kid . 
  they thought , that we were rich so they were searching for money , jewellery etc. 
  fortunately , me and my brother were at school and my parents at work . 
  anyways , it 's a wierd feeling to be in your house for the next couple of days after this happens . 
  you see that someone went through your private stuff , moved things , invaded your space and you do n't feel kind of internally safe at your own home , which is very strange feeling . 
  yep , it 's 2016 and we are still fighting for human rights in europe . 
  gays , women , atheists and minorities have to fight for their basic rights across the continent even in 21st century . 
  who would have thought . 
  uau , thank you for your insight, 
  we were not talking about divorce court , but about child custody . 
  the well beying of the child is the main concern of the court . 
  you ca n't talk about the same amount of money , cos alimony are calculated based on your income . 
   as it is now , if the women would lie to her partner for example and got pregnant lied about what ? 
  that she took pills ? 
  it 's your responsibility as is her to use protection , not only it catch your sperm but it 's an important protection against sexual diseases !, 
  you should always use sexual protection , and especially if it 's casual sex . 
  you have to take care of your health and also the health of your sexual partner . 
  that is not an excuse that she tells you that she used pills and boom , she gets pregnant . 
  it 's your responsibility as well to use protection . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  do n't be embarrassed , similar influence of the church is still a thing in parts of europe as well ( poland , italy ) . 
  i think mexico is doing quite a progress . 
  greetings to you !, 
  it was an answer to your question above men do n't have to finance it in alimony necessarily . 
  they are both equal parents . 
  they can go to court and the court will decide who can raise the child or if it 's going to be joint child custody . 
  women has the same obligation to pay alimony if the court decides so . 
  is mexico tolerant of lgbt people ? 
  does roman catholicism still strongly influence the country ? 
  edit : muchas gracias for the answers . 
  love to mexico !, 
  because someone has inserted sperm in her body so the embryo could have been created, 
  well , was he forced to use his di * k ? 
  no , it was completely his choice people go into sexual intercourse with some risks , it 's a basic knowledge if you do n't accept these risks , then do n't have sex, 
  why it would n't work in europe ? 
  works for switzerland , even germany , uk , luxembourg etc. 
  people go where are opportunities and reasonable wages . 
  well , they can always increase wages and attract nationals from the whole eu, 
  i like it too, 
  not everyone gets heat from volcanoes, 
  just acting as she is used to in sa just imagine , how is she and many other saudi arabs behaving towards their servants and stuff in sa . 
  there are stories we better do n't want to hear about . 
  water works on electricity , so it 's independent heat in the house in which i rent my apartment is connected to the city heating system , so it has to follow some rules before it 's switched on ( but i hate these rules , cos it 's cold inside in the evening - especialy in the 200years old house i live in ) . 
   also does the city switches the heating in cz ? 
  i think they follow some rules ( like 13 degrees outside for 3 continuous days etc. ), 
  and then the city can start to take the heat from the heat producing company . 
  oh , canary islands !, 
  i need some star trek transporter to get there when i wish . 
  they think they do it here as well , but maybe i 'm not `` northern '' enough as the majority , because i need my heat right now !, 
  do n't you have similar system , when if there is not cold `` enough '' outside , the city wo n't switch on the central heating ? 
   the heating is still off because it 's not cold outside i hate this in-between-period , because i 'm freezing and ca n't switch on the heating . 
  sometimes , i wish to be rather in spain , sicily or cali . 
  lmao, 
  you just inspired me what to have for a dinner this evening, 
  chinese increasing their direct flights to europe in quite a speed . 
  they are looking for new opportunities on the continent . 
  they opened second direct flight to prague recently ( this one to connect shanghai - china eastern airlines , the other one is to beijing - hainan airlines ) . 
  mostly for tourists as they said , but the real intentions are business and influence . 
  edit : just discovered , that there is a third chinese airline with direct flight to chengdu ( sichuan airlines ) . 
  never heard about this city . 
  usa , step up your game !, 
  we have more flights to china , than to the country of the free . 
  make central europe great again / s, 
  icelanders are the guardians of the ridge with all the hulduf\u00f3lk elves, 
  shame , lgbtq do n't have full rights in cz yet, 
  make the aztec empire great again anyone to volunteer as a human sacrifice ? 
  ( spaniards preferably ), 
  uk trolling eu, 
  slovakia is doing well , [ closing the gap ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=sk-cz ),
