  the ones which exist are weak . 
  government is also not really helping the situation due to `` cooperation '' with many big players here . 
  politics and economy is interwined here and let 's say , that the best interest of common folk is not the first thing , they would have on their mind . 
  the only time salaries are talked about , is ususaly before elections . 
  other thing is , that to be jobless is still seen as big stigma in the society . 
  so , people would take whatever job just to be employed and that ofcourse plays well for companies . 
  many companies instead of inovations and novelty compete with low expenditure on the market - again , they are not pressured to do otherwise . 
  i would n't mind it at all !, 
  our minimum wage is truly minimal, 
  highly industrialised, 
  yep , she slayed the runway . 
  she knew how to sew , because she was costume designer for opera . 
  [ do n't underestimate comedy queens ] ( https://yt3.ggpht.com/-coawgvk5oeq/aaaaaaaaaai/aaaaaaaaaaa/zmvowt-ss2q/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg ), 
  i 'm not some huge patriot or something , but after travelling to many capitals , prague is truly one of the most stunning - especially in the visual kind of sense . 
  the city layout and the natural conditions makes the prague panorama to stand out . 
  the drag queen should apply to [ rupaul 's drag race ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2oiidzail4 ) . 
  she rocks . 
  city centre is listed in unesco and is one of the biggest areas listed there . 
  so , no skyscrapers allowed . 
  they are in wider centre in the [ south ] ( http://www.uochb.cz/infochem/photo/veze2.jpg ) . 
  to be honest , if the eu enlargement was today , hungary would n't be accepted in the current state . 
  eu wo n't accept dictatorship . 
  until lukashenko is in power , that is not possible . 
  i think it 's obvious to everyone , that russia wo n't let them easily . 
  belarus is buffer zone for them , the same as ukraine . 
  what plays for belarus is better economy in comparision to ukraine and half the size of russian minority . 
  the only option i see , is the way of `` finlandization '' - getting closer to west , but keeping open relation with russia . 
  go ahead , have you heard about saudi arabia ? 
  that might better suit to your rigid taste, 
  bastion of sanity , which thousands of russians love to leave forever, 
  they are far from being socialist , they are super nationalist and conservative, 
  enjoy your stay . 
  hopefully , france will terminate your citizenship while moving there , so you can fully admire the mentality there for the rest of your life . 
  they are not spiritually undeveloped , rather the opposite . 
  they do n't seem to care about their lgbt fellow citizens and some even try to make it a hell for them . 
  that 's the issue . 
  you can make it !, 
  that was when klaus was president . 
  he is very conservative right-wing politician . 
  fortunately , our president has very limited powers . 
  he could only complain . 
  the parade went regardless and was very succesful . 
  gay here and regular participant of the prague pride . 
  the state does n't clash with the parade . 
  the city of prague is the event regulator and they support pride . 
  the mayor is even in the head of the parade . 
  the parade is huge and it had around 40k participants last time , half of them are gay friendly heterosexuals . 
  there is parade in brno ( second biggest city ) as well , much smaller though . 
  the only people who are against are religious groups , some politicians ( kdu\u010csl , christian party ) and ultra conservative right ( klaus - our ex president ) . 
  no clashes whatsoever , it 's very peacefull and family friendly . 
  well said, 
  good job bulgaria !, 
  keep it up, 
  lgbt people do n't have the same rights as the rest . 
  we are secular country , so i do n't know why we lag behind so much in this . 
  as far as i love kittens , you ca n't put them on the same level as humans . 
  we are talking about the same rights for your fellow citizens . 
  you do n't have to be activist or to be engaged in social studies , but you should be at least aware that people here still fight for equal status in our legal system . 
  as you said yourself , that what we have is enough or it was already achieved . 
  enough for whom ? 
  for people who are not affected a.k.a it does n't affect me so why should i care . 
  unfortunatelly , this is common even among our politicians . 
  they would say `` registered partnership is enough , what you even want , be happy you got at least this '' . 
  this is not equality at all . 
  this is just example where we still lack behind the netherlands , uk , norway , . . you name it . 
  yes , we can also compare ourselves to russia , but do want to be compared with countries which treat their citizens like shit ? 
  i think not . 
  the reason why i wrote that czech society is rather ignorant than tolerant , is due to the lack of interest of the social situation here . 
  yes , some people would rather care about where to walk their dogs then about childern in orphanage or the fact that lgbt citizens do n't have equal rights to this day . 
  i believe , that full rights for all citizens and equall opportunities should be the priority of any democratic country . 
  so far , we were talking about relationships between humans , where lgbt people belong . 
  is horse human ? 
  they ca n't marry person they love , that is not equality . 
  * if they want to merry opposite sex * , it 's like telling you to marry person of the same sex . 
  it 's not their fault to be born the way they are like it 's not your fault to be born heterosexual . 
  nature ( god , if you are religious ) made it this way and it 's not up to us to judge people if they ca n't fit into our artificialy made up criteria . 
  jesus , those people did n't choose to be born in russia . 
  they are there , they are citizens and they should have the same rights as anyone else . 
  there is no one more or less `` suitable '' , they are all citizens of the same country . 
  same rights and opportunities is not an ideology but basic fact . 
  similar west slavic tribes in the area of cz and sk during great migration . 
  language did n't change much also due to great moravia . 
  official slovak ( writing etc. ), 
  was inspired by official czech during national revival movements . 
  the contact was always there , but both countries went through different paths during history . 
  czechia was in the sphere of hre , slovakia in the sphere of hungary . 
  industrialisation , urbanistation , new ideas and movements happened early in czech area . 
  slovakia was more on the outskirt and i.e. 
  full industralisation happened there after wwii . 
  this thinking is so dangerous . 
  you can point out at any group of people and say : you are not christian enough or russian enough or ideology loving enough , no rights for you . 
  the heritage of various dictatorships seem to be still deeply rooted in peoples minds in russia . 
  they want to be more `` saint '' than vatican, 
  cz - secularism part of czech identity , urban , not really traditional sk - catholicism part of slovak identity , rural , traditional, 
  the word you are trying to find is ignorance . 
  that is actually the most prevalent stance in our society . 
  czechs are in general ignorant people to many subjects , not just towards lgbtq fellow citizens . 
  unless it 's not directly adressing them , people wo n't care at all . 
  they do n't care about rights for some other people or about the situation of our legal system , they care about themselves . 
  we often confuse the word tolerance with ignorance , because the later better describe czech society .
