  * their culture was pretty much exterminated overnight , and such things are always a loss no matter the circumstances * i agree , war does n't care about innocent ones, 
  dear mr. jan hus , yes collective guilt does n't exist and there should be each individual judged separately . 
  unfortunately , in the atmosphere of the 1945 , the government took an easy way of expelling everyone ( supported by allies ) . 
  we ca n't forget that 98 % of sudeten germans voted for nsdap in the last elections , how much it was a work of propaganda , we can just debate today . 
  yes , those excesses happened and it 's tragic . 
  some people got out of order right after the war , they were blind and they just wanted revenge . 
  i myself do n't believe in collective guilt , on which sudeten germans were expelled . 
  many sudeten germans were just victims of the politics of nazi germany . 
  we do n't judge people this way today in europe , but you have to think about the atmosphere at the particular time when this happened . 
  czechs thought , that they ca n't live with sudeten germans anymore because of what happened and because of what they have supported . 
  we ca n't forget , that around 98 % of sudeten germans voted for nsdap in the last elections . 
  the highest number in the whole reich . 
  we can question , how much were the ordinary people influenced by the propaganda , but the voting results were like this . 
  they should investigate who was really active in nsdap and who not , but unfortunately they took the easy way of expelling everyone . 
  no , but tell that to someone who just lost family thank to his/her german neighbours . 
  only few people can forgive right after the crime happened . 
  yes , their german neighbours lost property , land and they were expelled , but those people lost their families . 
  what is worst ? 
  that 's true , but it 's hard to tell this to someone whos family was exterminated with the support of their german neighbors and say , ok i do n't mind , let 's live together like nothing happened . 
  only few people are capable of this , but it 's true that time heals wounds . 
  yeah , germans decided themselves , that they did n't want to live with their fellow citizens of `` lower race '' in these countries so they tried to wipe them out . 
  what they did n't know is that what you do , you get back . 
  karma is real . 
  do you talk about german politics of 20th century ? 
  because you have perfectly described their actions, 
  why poor ? 
  soccer and ice hockey, 
  great country this saudi arabia : [ 9/11 victims ' families told they ca n't sue saudi arabia ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/911-victims-families-claim-against-saudi-arabia-dismissed-by-us-judge-a6673026.html ), 
  maybe not , going back to the main topic , it 's quite a sad to see how saudi arabia have been appointed to the human rights council . 
  i am not naive as anybody else , that the politics are involved there and it 's all about the money and power and the least about people . 
  this is just another example how the un does n't work . 
  how do you think , someone who lives in sa and is a gay or woman who is pregnant outside of marriage , how do you think these people feel about electing their country to un council for human rights ? 
  country where they face such oppressions and even death penalty is going to be involved in a global panel about human rights . 
  do you think , these ordinary people , are going to believe in un ? 
  that this organisation actually do something for peoples rights ? 
  i doubt, 
  yeah , i am asking myself where is the equation between sa and human rights, 
  i do n't know who would be better . 
  what i know is , that un is not good in this job . 
  they have appointed themselves to do this work and they fail . 
  maybe , there should be some reorganisation ? 
  some change ? 
  if you fail like 10 times , maybe it does n't work , maybe it 's a time for self-reflection , is n't it ? 
  ... so , they did nothing !, 
  un `` peacekeepers '' just watch how you die and get paid for it . 
  very useful organization . 
  some agencies are useful like who , but un work regarding human rights and conflict solving solutions are absolute failure !, 
  rwandan genocide , srebrenica massacre , darfur etc. , just to name a few . 
  saudi arabia in human rights council ? 
  un is a joke !, 
  usa are our real ally !, 
  history told us , do not trust anyone . 
  the real ally are usa today . 
  fellow europeans betrayed us on so many occasions , that it 's almost like a folklore . 
  actually , romania have always stood against aggression toward us . 
  spanish people are one of the most tolerant . 
  we can just wish to have more countries like spain . 
  i do n't know the rest , but czech lands ( kingdom of bohemia , pre war czechoslovakia ) were one of the most developed regions in europe ( above austria etc. ), 
  war and 40 years of communism made its job . 
  [ the tower of saudi arabia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pid1l1rese ), 
  remind me barad-d\u00fbr , the tower of mordor, 
  you are lost, 
  so they related to cheater , liar , egoist , chauvinist , sexist and tax evader instead . 
  quite sad , is n't it ? 
  the fact , that you pointed out vagina as a qualification says it all already . 
  no , she did n't lose entirely because she is a woman , but it was a `` problem '' for great number of people . 
  look at the results , men did n't vote for her ( especially white men ) . 
  that people are misogynist ? 
  and that many ca n't stand the fact that woman is the leader ? 
  she is more experienced , than trump and 99 % of republicans will ever be . 
  she worked really hard in the last decade . 
  she knows high politics very well , she is well spoken , humble and she gets things done . 
  the best president the united states have ever had . 
  he will be greatly missed . 
  michelle for 2020 !, 
  nice speech !, 
  we often forget , what we have achieved in europe since the wwii . 
  what we have is often what people in other continents dream about , yet we take it as granted . 
  hopefully , we are not so dumb to return to the ashes of divided continent . 
  nicely written , it 's all true . 
  everyone knows it , but many people ignore the facts . 
  many people are short sighted and they do n't see the big picture . 
  people are concerned with their daily struggles , with what they see around themselves and with fears of change for the worst . 
  this fast changing world is hard to understand for many middle-aged , low educated , rural and elderly people . 
  those people decide the elections at the moment . 
  i do n't belive , that majority of people are bigoted or haters ( regardless of nation ) . 
  what people need is education and conversation !, 
  it takes time and patience , but it pays back greatly . 
  politicians often fail in this . 
  if paywall : ** montenegro prosecutor : russian nationalists behind alleged coup attempt ** included plans to assassinate prime minister because of his government 's bid to join nato podgorica , montenegro -- russian nationalists were behind an alleged coup attempt in montenegro that included plans to assassinate the pro-western prime minister because of his government 's bid to join nato , the balkan country 's chief special prosecutor said sunday . 
  milivoje katnic said the investigation leads to the conclusion that `` nationalists from russia '' organized a criminal group that planned to break into the montenegro parliament on election day , kill prime minister milo djukanovic and bring a pro-russian coalition to power . 
  some 20 serbian and montenegrin citizens , including a former commander of serbia 's special police forces , were arrested in montenegro during the oct. 16 vote . 
  fourteen of them remain in custody , including some who have fought for pro-russia rebels in eastern ukraine . 
  russian officials have denied any involvement . 
  but they have openly supported the `` patriotic '' parties that are against montenegro 's membership bid in the western military alliance . 
  `` we do n't have any evidence that the state of russia is involved in any sense ... but we have evidence that two nationalists from russia were organizers , '' katnic told reporters . 
  serbian authorities reportedly deported an unspecified number of russian operatives who were monitoring djukanovic 's movements from serbian territory . 
  `` special prosecution of serbia had those persons under its supervision ... and prevented them from realizing their plan , '' katnic said . 
  `` those persons are not on the territory of serbia any more . 
  i do n't know where they are now , in russia or somewhere else . '' he said the coup plot was for 500 people to enter montenegro on election night to `` cause violence ... and hire professional sharpshooters to kill the prime minister . '' `` the plan was to stop montenegro on its euro-atlantic path , especially to prevent it from entering nato , '' katnic said .
