   you think that pl young generation is not conservative towards lgbtq ? 
  i meant , that it 's getting better ( even in conservative poland ) and reffered to our situation ( in cz ) , where young people are much more open in regards to lgbtq in comparison to older generations . 
  he is probably referring to high scores regarding pisa and other rangings , were poland is showing good results . 
  so , there is hope . 
   young generation seems super hardcore conservative to me not towards lgbtq , at least not here . 
  regarding populism , yes they are more susceptible as many need to still shape their opinions by further education and experience . 
  one day poland , one day !, 
  exactly !, 
  my parents decided , that they wo n't baptize us ( me and my brother ) and wo n't influence us in what we should believe . 
  they let such decisions on us when we have grown up . 
  for some reason , i ca n't even look at this monstrous person, 
  hopefully , more countries will follow to grant rights to their own citizens . 
   our country is just too crowded with old , demented conservative ~ ~ s ~ ~ politicians i feel this pain, 
  this , other main factors were : habsburgs were devoted catholics . 
  prague and bohemia were one of the reformation centres . 
  czech nobility was often rebellious against the rulers . 
  on the other side , south ( austria ) was traditional , catholic and obedient . 
  there was new thread in the north : prussia , while the main thread in the south : ottomans weakened and began to withdraw . 
  dunabe basin became safe ( both , from ottomans and prussia ) and well connected to habsburg regions of interest . 
  ca n't imagine how it had to feel when people were forced to certain boxes , especially as a school kid . 
  it was like selection process , which in some cases decided your fate . 
  horrific . 
  kind of scary when you put parallels to tody 's populist scaremongering . 
  golden age of prague was between the 14th to 16th century , when it was one of the major european cities . 
  the centre of the empire moved to the south to danube basin , to vienna . 
  while vienna was growing , prague was in decline . 
  it started to grow again in 19th and early 20th century , especially as the capital city of the newly declared czechoslovakia . 
  do n't forget estonia ( 1.317.797 ), 
  was there hostility between bosnians and croats before the wars ? 
  or was it fueled by nationalists when yugoslavia was dissolving ? 
  the two fighting were drunk , but the two placing bagels on that guy 's head , did n't seem very drunk . 
  they were sober enough to know what they do . 
  there is shortage of labour in denmark , germany , czechia and other eu countries so skilled workers are welcomed . 
  i meant , that some uk citizens might be into relocation into the eu , so the office might help them with that . 
  ireland it stronk !, 
  benelux and ba-w\u00fc stronk !, 
  central bohemia and southern moravia going up . 
  northwest region , what a loser . 
  stop mining coal and go to lab . 
  they should open office in the uk , some might be into relocation, 
  i thought it 's icelandic `` yearbook photo of bj\u00f6rk '' and her portrait as a wolf, 
  \u010cevap\u010di\u010di i was wondering where it came from, 
  lack of education and self-reflect ? 
  yes , it was shock to see it destroyed . 
  wonder if both part of the city bosniak/muslim and croat , improved their relations with each other . 
  companies wo n't present it from obvious reasons : the aim is to mislead consumers and save money by using cheaper ingredients , while pretending to be the same product across the border . 
  it 's not directly breaking eu safety regulations etc , but it 's immoral practice . 
  these companise profit from eu common market , while using the fact that certain norms are not yet implemented . 
  in the usa , the product is the same in california as well as in texas . 
  here , it pretends to be the same product ( same producer , indistinguishable package , etc. 
  ) , while containing something else . 
  either , they use proper packaging to make it distinguishable or they use the same product ingredients when selling in the eu . 
  i think people gather forces . 
  then you need politicians to stand behind it and force it further . 
  we are talking about multinational corporations like unilever , danone , heinz , . . they wo n't admit anything and they have army of experts and lawyers . 
  that 's why it 's brought up in eu to make awarness about this problem and unfair behaviour . 
  sea , lovely towns , ex-yugoslavian country , they have euro , seems to have good relations with other balkan countries , mountains , kotor, 
  here is full [ report ] ( http://data.idnes.cz/soubory/ekonomika/a150703_hro_012_zvrenzprvaproahold.pdf ) for instance , but it 's in czech ( srn means germany , \u010cr - czechia , n - there is significant difference , s - no significant difference ) lucheon meat from tulip ( always same products ) : german one contaided pork meat , czech one leftover chicken meat rama from unilever : german one contained 70 % of fat , czech one 60 % of fat ice tea lemon from nestea : german one was sweetened with sugar , czech one with fructose and steviol-glycoside . 
  czech one also contained 40 % less of tea extract fish fingers from iglo : czech one had 7 % less meat than german one ... 
  that has nothing to do with liberal eu , that is driven by money and cheating for certain corporations, 
  i have a simple solution , do n't buy products labeled with eastern european languages only ( because , that one is intended to be shitty by global/pan-eu corp. ) . 
  buy products where is also german , dutch , italian ... so you know it 's not intended as second-class product . 
  to have alps on 62 % of total area helps, 
  i vote for one of them this year . 
  in general , we lack truly modern , inclusive and ambitious party here in cz . 
  many politicians we have there currently , have to go . 
  i 've hopes for the future due to generational change . 
  omg are they wasted ? 
  we need to get pirates and greens to parliament . 
  that would be great !, 
  ano and top 09 dislike each other , so this combination is very unlikely, 
  let 's make it beneczelux !, 
  sounds italian actually ( bonus feature ), 
  i need to browse r/aww for an hour at least after seeing these yokels, 
  ods hit bottom hard in 2013 after their coalition government failed miserably due to corruption scandals , incompetence and complete loss of trust . 
  kdu\u010csl is unfortunately on the rise after years of weak results . 
  they are countryside chrisitan party , so social progress is not on their agenda . 
  they protest regularly against prague pride for instance . 
  yes , and they have n't reformed . 
  especially old people love them . 
  ahah \u0160vejk depicted what a-h meant for czechs : backward monarchy, 
  really ? 
  i believe , those who wanted to leave are already long gone . 
  unless , she means invasion of pensioners . 
  people who are butthurt by caricature will have it hard in life, 
  love it !, 
  i thought , that istanbul would be in chp colours . 
  poland is leg eater . 
  both germany and russia lost their legs there . 
  turkey is beheading itself . 
  it seems , that self-destructive behaviour is an old phenomena there . 
  netherlands just chilling with weed . 
  nicely drawn map . 
  it 's tip of the iceberg . 
  this guy is a good example , but many nazis and their descendants are not this willing of self-reflection . 
  * `` while waiting to escape to argentina , where many other nazis had already found safe refuge . 
  he was administered the last rites by austrian bishop alois hudal , one of the main churchmen involved in rescuing nazis from allied justice '' * hiding in south america , stolen art , collaborating priests it was almost like following manual for many nazis . 
  vltava is heading to elbe and further to germany . 
  if he wants to flow to request asylum in austria , there is [ morava ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/osmmorava3.png ) river going right to blauen donau . 
  this map was here at least [ twice ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5vtzn5/population_increase_in_europe/ ),
