  some women have bikini , some are nudist and some wear burkini swimsuit . 
  it 's a personal choice and it 's for swimming . 
  it does n't hurt anyone ( face can be seen for possible identification , so that 's also not the issue here ) . 
  and schengen , free movement of labor , subsidies , ... etc. 
  thank you for sharing . 
  i think , that the effects of identity crisis should be much more talked about in regards of the strong impact it may have on young people . 
  what do you think , could help young people of immigrant backgroud to overcome this phase ? 
  i do n't know , but i feel that usa , brazil , canada etc. 
  better absorb immigrants from various parts of the world . 
  people feel american or canadian very soon there and they are proud of it ( or it seems so ) . 
  european states are often based on ethnicity and that might be more challenging for newcomers to integrate then let 's say in usa with its various background . 
  :-) ok , thanks for the details . 
  i 'm not technical type , so i was wondering if i 'm missing something about this post since there is some ( for me ) random tram . 
  so , it 's for technical enthusiasts , got it now . 
  is there something special about the tram ? 
  interesting . 
  i 've observed similar pattern with turks in austria . 
  when on internship , one austrian colleague ( of turkish descent ) was saying odes about turkey , often traveled there with parents ( who came from turkey when they were in their 20s ) and she was very strongly attached to the turkish culture instead of the austrian one . 
  the family watched turkish only tv programs at home , loving erdogan and kinda living paralel life . 
  her mother never worked ( 5 kids ) and her father was truck driver who went to some kind of early retirement when he was 50 years old . 
  another turkish colleague who actually came from turkey ( istanbul ) explained to me the difference . 
  she ( istanbul colleague ) told me , that most of the turks who went to europe were from poorer and traditional regions of turkey - central , east ( the family of the austrian was from konya ) . 
  she said , that poeple of the west and the coast are different and much more modern - very european like . 
  also , she was anti-erdogan and she said , that she was ashamed of the turks in vienna who went to protest in support of edogan . 
  she added , that they do n't know ( the austrian turks ) what 's actually going on in turkey , because they do n't live there unlike her and they do n't see what 's changing in the country ( for the worst ) since erdogan went crazy . 
  since the major information sources of the austrian turks are turkish tv channels ( obviously with strong pro-government vibe ) , they live in kind of info shadow and it seems that they do n't mind it ( or they do n't realise it ) . 
  the problem with some young euro turks is , that they are highly influenced by their parents/family with its very strong culture brought from particular regions of turkey . 
  they would be better integrated if their parents/family would n't insist so strongly on some traditions/things which are not really necessary in modern society . 
  edit : my internship was almost a year ago , so before the coup, 
  thanks , got it wrong, 
  it 's poland , but at least 27 % of them are open-minded in this regard ( which is good , considering the strong influence of church and conservatives in the country ) . 
  edit : it 's 53 % , even better, 
  complete idiotism , what more we can add, 
  if you want to ever stay relevant with some constructive criticism of islam and islamists , you need to stop following such populist and primitive groups . 
  it 's a completely ridiculous bunch of rednecks , who played very childlike simulation of isis . 
  some people got scared ( israeli tourists truly thought it 's a real shooting so they did lay down - as they are trained in israel ) , but otherwise it was more comical than threatening . 
  most of the tourists there were taking pictures of those idiots . 
  they used some fake shooting sound stuff ( which caused the panic among some tourists ) and that was the red line for police , which ended this ridiculousness there immediately . 
  i 'm still wondering , how was this allowed in such exposed place in the city centre . 
  someone with gun could really act in selfdefence and shot those brainless figures . 
  what ? 
  are you sane ? 
  it 's a completely ridiculous group playing childlike fear theatre on public . 
  they are completely ridiculous figures . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  let 's make silmarillion movies there . 
  interesting letter and thought unfortunately , people yearn for power which they obtain by disadvantaging others . 
  obviously , it was far fetched comment . 
  scary times . 
  my grandma who worked in grocery shop told me , that people have started stocking up since the day of invasion and prepared themselves for the worst . 
  nobody knew how far it could escalated . 
  people were changing road signs to confuse invasion armies . 
  just few kilometers from my grandma town , alien armies have camped in the forest and fields with tanks and all the equipment to continue to bigger cities and to czechoslovak army bases . 
  wiki says legal till 1975 , then made legal again in 2004 . 
  took them quite a time there . 
  i see , good to know, 
  true , they are in 21st century physically , but not mentally . 
  cultural ? 
  how is killing people for being who they are cultural thing ? 
  interestingly , some hunderds of years ago , same-sex behaviour was acceptable there . 
  what 's shocking is to see the black colour there in 2016 i thought , at least lebanon and tunisia would be in 21st century, 
  it always fascinated me how germany went crazy . 
  as many people have said , nobody wanted to believe at first that the nation of goethe and bach turned so evil . 
  it was shock for europe . 
  there are many factors why the people were so blind and orderly towards nazi propaganda . 
  1 , pre-war education and rising of german youth ( submissive to authority , where empathy and sensitivity were seen as bad traits ) i recommend the movie [ the white ribbon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_white_ribbon ) , where haneke wanted to touch the subject 2 , the economic situation 3 , rise of hardcore nationalism it 's hard to believe , that ordinary germans had n't at least a slight clue about what was happening . 
  the secretery says it herself , she was blind to it on purpose `` i was told by one of goebbels ' special advisers to put it in the safe , and not to look at it . 
  so i did n't , and was quite pleased with myself that he trusted me , and that my keenness to honour that trust was stronger than my curiosity to open that file . '' just an example of the mentality at that time . 
  proud to orderly fullfill the orders , not even questioning anything what was happening at that time . 
  here we go to the roots `` pomsel describes herself as a product of prussian discipline , recalling a father who , when he returned from fighting in the first world war , when she was seven , banned chamber pots from the family bedrooms . 
  `` if we wanted to go to the toilet , we had to brave all the witches and evil spirits to get to the water closet . '' she and her siblings were `` spanked with the carpet beater '' whenever they were disobedient . 
  `` that stayed with me , that prussian something , that sense of duty . '' many germans just did n't want to know the truth . 
  how could ordinary students at the munich university get to know what was happening and be worried about it , but secretary at the berlin headquarter `` had n't clue '' ? 
  - she just decided to not to know it, 
  yes , we 're lucky living in eu . 
  as said here in the comments , turkey acts crazy regarding lgbt issues , but not as crazy as the arab countries . 
  also , people who travel there might overestimate the overall progress of the societies there . 
  for instance united arab emirates , some lgbt people think that it could be ok there seeing how modern and westernised the country looks like , but that is just fasade and the country is still deeply intolerant and hateful towards lgbt folk . 
  vienna has a good city planning, 
  sad, 
  you was agrarian country and we brought you to 20th century . 
  your language , culture , etc. 
  made huge revival during czechoslovakia . 
  you would have never achieved this when part of hungary and your gdp would be on the level of western ukraine ( in the east ) and poland ( in the west ) today . 
  when you betrayed the czech part and become nazi puppets , again we saved your ass and persuaded allies that you can end up on the winning site with us ( so no represals for you ) . 
  during communist czechoslovakia , again huge invetsments where was no industry whatsoever , not railways even . 
  literacy skyrocketed and educational level reached nearly czech regions . 
  you was very lucky . 
  i ca n't tell from the point of view as most of you here ( i 'm gay ) , but aesthetically i find mixed-race people the most appealing in general . 
  there are beautiful women in every single country in europe . 
  it might also depend on how you present yourself and how you care about yourself , then on the real physical beauty ( average girl can look breathtaking with the right makeup , clothes etc. 
  :-) i was expecting austria to celebrate it as well p.s. 
  dutch gave you something for free ?? 
  ( highly suspicious , check if they work ) / s, 
  more like assimilated, 
  are n't ugro-finnic tribes from siberia ? 
  so it would make sense , not fully `` european '' and neither asian . 
  they are just old siberians . 
  ok , thanks for the info, 
  i mean in general , all ages .
