  yes , because all what russia do is purely helping friends / s. 
  do you think , that russians spend hundreds of millions in a war because of some failed dictator somewhere in syria called for backing ? 
  russia follows it 's own agenda and it 's own interests there ( as other players involved ) . 
  it 's not about western policies only , it 's about the general attitude of particular countries around the world ( usa , russia , iran , saudi arabia , turkey , quatar etc. 
  ) , which use syria as an international battleground for their agendas . 
  since czech diplomacy belongs to the western sphere , she is asking what are we ( as a west ) going to do about it ? 
  cos nothing worked out succesfuly so far and our alliances with regimes like saudi arabia etc. 
  are highly questionable, 
  let 's not forget , that russia and iran are other egoistic players there . 
  syria is truly international battle theatre of foreign countries measuring their `` agendas '' there . 
  as always , the innocent suffer the most . 
  since the major british newspapers inform about the murder and it tops czech headlines , it 's not just an `` ordinary '' murder . 
  it 's like the headlines about the british backpackers murdered in thailand . 
  i guess , there are many murders in thailand overall , but this one particular got the coverage . 
  the same story here . 
  it 's an innocent foreign national murdered in a day light in a country considered to be safe . 
  as in the thai case , juournalists were questioning the increasing violence against foreign tourists in thailand . 
  here , the increasing violence against foreigners in uk recently ( racially or non-racially motivated ) . 
  your comment history says otherwise and it also shows how mature person you are, 
  do n't feed the troll, 
  quick info : our ministry of foreign affairs stated , that it was probably ** not ** racially motivated . 
  it was most likely street gang . 
  the news is the headline of the major czech news as of right now , so it does n't give the best promo to uk sadly . 
  again this topic ? 
  germany has debt as well : 71.2 % gdp , but italy is reaching the stars with debt of 132.7 % gdp ( second to greece with 176.9 % gdp ) . 
  sick, 
  so they are going to force women into illegal underground clinics with disputable medical quality . 
  sad . 
  domino effect much ? 
  now , czech rep. to build fence with austria , then germany to build fence with czechia , followed by danes , sweden gon na close oresund , next stop fence of norway and last but not least svalbard to declare independence . 
  then we gon na ask , where it all began ? 
  the clash of two completely different ideologies . 
  europe has centuries of reforms , religious wars , fights for freedom , civil rights etc. , which has shaped our societies in its present form . 
  those people and their idelogy has n't been questioned and reformed for hundreds of years . 
  here you have culture clash . 
  it 's natural to question everything . 
  some people tend to follow and some are more `` rebellious '' towards the habits and traditions of the majority . 
  also , we have no euro and our currency is devalued by nb . 
  so glad , that religion has no influence here . 
  people were quite spiritual though , many pagan habits have survived centuries and the connection with nature played important role , especially in countryside . 
  religion served as a tool of power and with the religious wars ( hussites , 30years war ) and restrictive policies of devoute catholics ( habsburgs ) , it was n't something that people would connect with : `` pure , uncorrupted , and pro-human '' institution . 
  iceland is, 
  cool !, 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  did n't know that tolkien 's work sparked controversy in russia . 
  i think , you have better highway network compared to cz . 
  though slightly richer , we have n't invested in infrastructure for years . 
  it 's a big topic nowadays and the government is trying to change it - finally . 
  me thinking the same, 
  actually , there is a proposal to unify tolls across eu . 
  there is even the [ sauron 's tower ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ra3w2ls.png?1 ), 
  [ the irony of it all ] ( https://giphy.com/gifs/maudit-maudit-akira-kurosawa-yojimbo-8rsd2nkc4spm0/fullscreen ), 
  verhofstadt is one of the best politicians there . 
  i completely agree with his speech . 
  it 's funny to see farage there . 
  still enjoying euromoney i guess . 
  it 's ostrava in the graph, 
  good !, 
  it 's true , that europe is less welcoming of gmo crops unlike us , latin america , china ... research and business follow demand in this field , and europe was getting slightly behind in this regard . 
  that 's big, 
  i have to admit , that i 'm quite shocked with what 's going on in britain since the brexit discussion . 
  if i was her , i would move out of there ( i would try some better city or neighborhood , if there is a difference ) . 
  the video just made me thinking , how the jews had to feel when the represals started in germany : attacked on the streets , shops and homes demolished , hate crimes on daily basis ... because it started this way . 
  the majority of brits should condemn such crimes and they shoudl try to restor some normality in the society after the often extreme situations and stances around the brexit discussion . 
  you can tell very clearly in some cases who is gay or not . 
  majority is indistinguishable from hetero folk though . 
  your employer can find out quite easily those days : social media , from coworkers , former job/colleagues or just simple suspicion . 
   it 's not like he has anything to lose his business was set in fire , he was attacked and beaten . 
  you can lose your life in russia for being gay . 
  so , you can lose a lot actually . 
  i truly admire openly gay people in russia . 
  the only worse places are middle east and africa . 
  i think , i would emigrate from there . 
  i would n't have the capacity to stand such immense hate of daily life there . 
  this is so 2015 . 
  i thought we got over this topic and agreed , that the open door policy was n't a good idea . 
  instead , it united the right in europe and enabled the far-right to gain points . 
  external borders of eu has to be controled . 
  i 'm not even surprised , that this article is presented in german news , cos it 's suitable opinion regarding the welcome policy which is still enforced in germany ( though , it got slightly downgraded ) . 
  yes , orb\u00e1n itself is a controversial person and there are many justifiable cases of his criticism . 
  border protection is not one of them . 
  i would n't use the argument of the `` welcome degree '' of the current wave of refugees as something to be `` ranked '' . 
  the czech stance was clear since the day one , when the gates were open for milions of unregistered people , that it 's not a good idea . 
  attitudes are quite similar from finland to italy and from uk to romania . 
  sweden and germany were the most open to the idea , the rest not that much . 
  slovakia has more tendencies to the right , that 's true i.e. 
  last parlament election . 
  no , we are not dependant on german car industry , though it 's an important factor . 
  from the 3 main car plants , one is german owned ( \u0161koda ) the other one is korean and the third one is japanese/french . 
  still , germany is the biggest recipient of our export ( so is for many other countries in eu ) . 
  as i said , it would be better to have someone else instead of hofer to discuss cooperation ( talking about at , cz , sk relations ) . 
  when we add poland and hungary , yes there are other political obstacles . 
  i agree on something you said and yet disagree with you . 
  a-h was puppet of germany in the end and with their war intentions , non reformed state affairs and german nationalism , there was no future for other nations . 
  the best period was interwar czechoslovakia for us : independent , quite wealthy , democratic ( unlike all of our neighbours at that time ) with bright prospects till nazis took over in germany . 
  our destiny was n't decided by us much of 20th century . 
  decisions were made in berlin , moscow , washington and london . 
  they might not agree on the history , but they can work on the future . 
  build bridges .
