  `` give me your lgbtq , your rainbow masses yearning to breathe free , send these , the fabulous , queens to me , i lift my lamp beside the golden door ! '', 
  czech republic, 
  so , she is n't comfortable with equal rights ? 
  angela , i 'm so disappointed in you ( i think , it 's mostly because of her conservative party members ) . 
  we are in similar situation . 
  majority of population in both germany and cz are in favor , yet the politicians are against or ignorant . 
  i think , it 's also generational . 
  our on average 60 + politicians do n't find it as an `` important '' topic . 
  is n't cdu/csu christian based ? 
  glad , we are on the other side this time, 
  exactly . 
  i understand the anger they have , but they should direct it towards westminster . 
  the inequality in britain is really a huge problem , but their elites ignore it constantly . 
  what 's even more shocking is the fact , that the elites have a nerve to backhlash eu in by them owned tabloids to distract attention from the real sources of the issues there . 
  i understand the anger and disillusion of some of those people , but it 's not the fault of eu . 
  it was all protest vote against establishment and class division ( as the lady said herself ) and i can see why . 
  britain has the highest inequality rates in the entire eu . 
  british elite failed those people , not eu . 
  they knew about the problems for decades , but they ignored it . 
  the elite is living in its own universe . 
  unfortunately , people understood the eu vote as a punishment of its own elite , but they gave them even more power now . 
  on the bright side , people will see the work of its elite which wo n't be able to excuse everything because of eu . 
  what a surprise, 
  good for germany ... and us we need to support our r&d even more to go with the flow, 
  i 'm for serbia joining eu in the near future . 
  they have a good infrastructure and it would be further stabilisation of the balkans . 
  the issue here is serbian attitude towards the eu . 
  most serbians are naturally hostile towards the west due to balkan wars , kosovo and nationalist propaganda . 
  serbs expect economical miracle when joining , but it might take years to see effects . 
  unfulfilled expectations can lead to pesimism and anger and serbia can turn to the new strongly eurosceptic country inside the eu ( something eu does n't need at the moment ) . 
  also , serbia as a member of eu can block talks with its non-eu neigbours in the future . 
  serbia needs to work on itself a lot before joining and after that to see results . 
  and all the spiders , snakes , crocodiles , jellyfishes , huge insect and sharks, 
  i want to be the one dot going to canada . 
  i wonder , if more europeans immigrate to canada or us . 
  and i feel i was born too soon, 
  poor smokers !, 
  what they gon na do ? 
  they would have to go outside for the cigarette . 
  omg , will they survive 5 min on the fresh air ? 
  so inhumane, 
  around 20 % declared religion in 2011 census . 
  the christian party has very variable results in each election . 
  it 's more like `` protest '' party which is voted by many non-religious people when they are angry on the mainstream . 
  the party is not some hard core christian club and they try to be `` soft-spoken '' etc. , so many people find them ok . 
  when they get to power ( like this time , when they were invited to government ) , then the christian conservatism starts to shine through . 
  they are already whinging, 
  yeah , the irony is real, 
  carp is like national fish here . 
  finally !, 
  interesting . 
  first i was like what ? 
  hungary , austria , croatia more acceptable then we ? 
  then i saw that it 's legal enforcement , and that is an issue here . 
  we do n't have modern laws regarding lgbt . 
  we 've learned modified greek alphabet first ( brought by byzantines ) . 
  later , we had learned latin through franks . 
  r/anschluss is getting ready, 
  [ samo 's empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samo's_empire ) the rise and fall of [ great moravia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_moravia ) [ christianization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_christianity_in_the_czech_lands ) the rule of [ p\u0159emyslid dynasty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/p%c5%99emyslid_dynasty ) in bohemia [ charlemagne invaded bohemia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/805 ) the rise of the [ duchy of bohemia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_bohemia ) and prague as its centre, 
  we are stuck, 
  the human nature and its variety has been always here . 
  because it 's self-mutilation ( often forced ), 
  if it works ? 
  it does n't work at all , it just makes you suppress yourself . 
  no therapy can make you redesign your identity . 
  people who undergo such `` therapies '' are more sucessible to mental health problems and suicides . 
  why ? 
  because it 's extremly hard to supress your identity for your entire life and be happy . 
  it 's like to `` cure '' straight person to be gay for his entire life and to make him feel guilty whenever he is attracted to girls . 
  wtf, 
  there were not your favorite groups like poles , romanians , french and all eastern euros, 
  and i thought , after austria news , that it 's going to be a good day, 
  at least austria is still sane, 
  haha , that 's a poor excuse to limit freedom of speech come with something better vlado, 
  great news !, 
  now , let 's find out the cure for british populism, 
  many end up in ghettos , because they have no other option . 
  landlords wo n't rent them property . 
  there are gangs/mafias parasitizing on their situation . 
  the rents in ghettos are actually quite high , because mafiosos use them as money makers . 
  they have to borrow money ( again from mafiosos ) and they end up in a circle , which is hard to break . 
  it 's not really their desire to live in the ghettos . 
  many were forced there by the shortage of housing available to them ( many landlords wo n't rent them property and by the increasing rents ) . 
  there are mafias , which profit on their situation . 
  they rent them lousy housing for unreasonably high prices ( they even embezzle state subsidies directed to roma ) and force them in to few locations . 
  they ca n't pay rents and they borow money from them or other mafiosos . 
  obviously , they end up in a circle from which there is hardly some escape . 
  what does n't help is the fact , that roma often do n't trust institutons and the majority , so they do n't seek help or assistance . 
  not true . 
  the number of roma with university degree is growing here . 
  scholarships are helping them with achieving it and they are role models for others . 
  education is the cure . 
  it 's improving . 
  definitely , the stereotype does not help them . 
  here in prague , i see most of them working though ( low skilled jobs in construction , food industry , city services etc. ) . 
  problems are in the ghettos in the regions . 
  i feel it 's improving here , slowly but surely . 
  it 's important to understand , that the overwhelming majority of roma in cz have immigrated from slovakia in 60s and 70s ( it was a plan of the regime to distribute roma within czechoslovakia ) . 
  they had no relation to the places they were settled , so it showed . 
  today , many are much better educated copared to their grandparents/parents ( who came often as illiterate ) .
