  do you want to force people to have kids with people they do n't want ? 
  i feel bad for your cousin . 
  it 's sad , how some people may act . 
  the worst of the worst for me , is when parents disconnect / kick out their kids because they are gay . 
  it 's absolutely shocking for me . 
  it 's your kid !!!, 
  how can you do this ?!, 
  those people are sad , hurting loved ones and actually themselves as well . 
  these countries does n't surprise me . 
  they are very uneducated in this regard . 
  i can see it , when talking with slovaks . 
  it 's like two different worlds between cz and sk when talking about this issue . 
  many lgbt ppl from slovakia migrate to cz , coz of the attitudes there . 
  that 's why people like you make eastern eu backward, 
  his father feels like an ashole , that 's how he feels, 
  russia is freak country full of paranoia, 
  you have to be often novinky reader, 
  it 's not only economy , but overall societal improvement . 
  it 's not about to be like europe . 
  be russia , but be successful society with good economy and positive image . 
  russia fails in this over and over . 
  it 's not fault of the west or the rest of the world , like russians like to believe , but the fault of your leaders and lack of actions from ordinary russians to want improvements . 
  the society is somehow latent and stagnant in russia . 
  probably , people are use to wait for the orders , to be told what to do and how to live , what is bad and good , etc. 
  this lack of self-reflection and self-confidence is very damaging for the society as a whole . 
  ok , novinky is a tabloid newspaper targeting working class and small town people and always making cz like the best place on earth and universe . 
  it 's something like daily mail . 
  good !, 
  go netherlands !, 
  means to evolve as a society in time . 
  it 's in human nature to improve its conditions . 
  what you can see in russia is , that the overall societal evolution is very slow there compared to other countries . 
  look at china , ex-communist eu countries , southeast asia etc. 
  they 're all steadily improving their conditions . 
  russia had always problem with this , even when looking at russian history . 
  russia was always slow to modernize , to modernise its society etc. , which made it more backward compared to other regions and competitors . 
  one would think , that russians could upgrade their mindset to 21st century like much of the world , but hey . . it 's russia . 
  even peter the great has tried hard to modernise russia and russians . . at least close to the european level , but russia is too frozen in time . 
  of course they would , their mentality have n't changed one bit since ussr, 
  scandinavia and western europe are really productive / s, 
  we had 11 mio in 1944 , then it went to 8.5 mio in 1947 . 
  if we would n't kick out czech germans we would have like 13-14 mio today . 
  well , it 's their history anyway ( much of the people there ) . 
  balkan is not genetically slavic . 
  they took the languages , but the majority is descending from the old local populations . 
  macedonians are only 15 % slavic , the rest is local . 
  so , greeks telling them , that they do n't have the right for the history of old macedonia , coz they speak different language now and are not part of greece is really weird . 
  exactly !, 
  and not to mention , that we 're the fairest realm in ~ ~ central ~ ~ middle europe / s, 
  no , that sounds terrible . 
  if i could have my way , we would be lothl\u00f3rien . 
  or to rename sweden to upper denmark, 
  i did n't know greece is called macedonia . 
  i thought it 's just a name of one of their province . 
  macedonia . 
  i do n't get this greek sentiment about the naming . 
  it 's like , if belgium would force luxembourg rename itself , coz one of the belgium 's province is called luxembourg . 
  russia has destroyed its image . 
  it 'll take years and strong positive attitude from russian ruler to re-establish their pre-crisis position . 
  it seems like russia is not willing to end its aggressive policy , so the end of sanctions is unknown . 
  trade is important , but security even more . 
  eu wo n't risk unpredictable dictator empire on its borders threatening its security ( crucial for eastern eu countries : baltics , poland ) . 
  the only change can come within russians themselves . 
  let 's see how long it will take them to realise it . 
  disgusting creature . 
  he is rotten to the core . 
  boris johnson is turning more populist , than one would have thought . 
  he was the best president we had so far ( for cz ) . 
  he was your president for like 3 years , so you can hardly make judgments regarding slovakia . 
  your view seems to overlap with your own domestic policy of the same period . 
  long live atheism, 
  i do n't know what happened so terrific till 1993 , that you are so obsessed with havel . 
  we were ( are not ) presidential republic . 
  the power over state affairs is in the hands of parliament and government . 
  havel was never in favour of plans of klaus and meciar . 
  you have to realise , that the countries went through transition to democracy . 
  we had one of the most successful transitions out of the eastern block ( slovakia went in to deeper crisis in 90s , but you have to thank your politicians ) . 
  i think , you came out of it quite successful in the end . 
  this is absolute nonsense . 
  he was a president , not prime minister nor government . 
  he wanted czechoslovakia to be united , but czech and slovak politicians decided otherwise ( not havel ) . 
  the majority of slovak industry was established by czechs since 1918 . 
  restructuralization went on everywhere in ex-communist block , not just in slovakia . 
  unemployment is high because of your policy not because of havel . 
  no i am very critical person , but i do n't like spitting on someone with brainless comments . 
  you do n't even know what are you talking about . 
  your populistic mindset tells it all . 
  mixing apples and oranges is really something . 
  there 's a lot of education ahead of you . 
  v\u00e1clav havel is definitely an icon and well deserved . 
  zeman and klaus supporters mostly, 
  and what 's wrong with havel for slovaks ? 
  everytime , when i see something related to czech wages , i have to laugh and cry at the same time, 
  uau , she is really brave, 
  it really depends on your personality more than on your ethnicity . 
  yes , some people may prefer locals , but your attitude and charisma is the ice breaker everywhere . 
  online apps might be more biased , since it 's like shopping based on certain criteria . 
  the best is to meet people by person , where they can interact and make impressions based on your personality . 
  here , it 's slightly more common the relationship between czech women and foreign man ( 60 % ) compare to czech male and foreign woman ( 40 % ) . 
  women do marry the most : german , slovak , uk and polish nationals .
