  unfortunately , that 's true . 
  eu is like a marriage , if there is a difficulty , you have to work it out together . 
  some want to divorce already , when there is a sign of a coming problem . 
  those are gold diggers . 
  germany is also the biggest investor here . 
  german companies are the reason behind the big exports to germany . 
  our economy is essentially dependant on germany , if we like it or not . 
  it 's our biggest neighbour . 
  if their economy goes down , our follows , it was always this way . 
  corrupted by czechs !, 
  it 's not eu fault that we have corrupted thieves right at source . 
  eu pointed it out 100 times already and what changed ? 
  nothing , stealing continue ... 
  unless you are n't big as germany or usa , you gon na be influenced anyway . 
  what you may influence is , which side you gon na choose . 
  i think , that eu is the best option on the plate or are you more lean toward the taste of russia ? 
  how many foreigners do you know personally , if you are so experienced ? 
  how many friends or colleagues do you have outside of your czech friend-zone ? 
  and what is your alternative ? 
  how will cz look like when we are outside eu ? 
  keep in mind , that we are not britain . 
  crazy russia is here, 
  well said . 
  the problem , why ex-commie countries are so fearful about immigrants is , that they have zero experience with influx of people from different cultural regions outside of europe . 
  they were isolated for decades and they are getting to know the outside world very slowly . 
  if we take it into the extreme , it 's like if the regime of isolated north korea would fall , and they gon na experience the influx of arabs or africans . 
  north koreans would be in complete cultural shock , and they would n't know how to deal with such situation . 
  fear from unknown would be the major force in their society . 
  we have to prepare ex-commie european societies for this type of globalisation . 
  it should have been done years earlier and the politicians failed in this regard greatly , instead , they stir up the fears of locals . 
  the current situatin , when western eueopen countries do n't know themselves how to deal with such immigration , does n't help neither . 
  we need widespreed discussusion across whole eu and each opinion has to be heard and analysed . 
  people have to feel , that they are heard and that our leaders know what they do . 
  i know , it 's difficult right know , but we have to do it . 
  we should calm down the whole situation . 
  ... but you would bankrupt soon . 
  france , spain , portugal , belgium , ireland and italy have the highest deficits within eu ( except greece ) . 
  i do n't think germany would like to bail out all countries in it 's sphere . 
  the rest of the eu is in much healthier condition and it helped germany to get richer and increased its influence on the continent ( while the influence of france declined ) . 
  you have to understand , that we have absolutely different experience with nationalism here in europe compared to usa . 
  nationalist movements killed tens of millions people and destroyed the continent . 
  we do n't want this to happen again , that 's way any nationalistic moods are highly sensitive here . 
  yeah , we have carcinogenic politicians who help to poison people 's minds i.e. 
  our current pig-like president [ zeman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milo%c5%a1_zeman ) , thief [ klaus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%a1clav_klaus ) or xenophobe [ okamura ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomio_okamura ) , just to name a few, 
  i would love to have such neighbour !, 
  wait a second !, 
  actually , all my neighbors are like that, 
  people are sheeps with no brain, 
  we do n't, 
  what 's wrong about atheism or gay people for poland ? 
  we do n't want to rearm germany, 
  good , but they should include brno in cz , hamburk in de and other tech-progressive cities, 
  they never took it as a joke . 
  we need to call jedi master asap, 
  let 's apply it on 56 % of politicians then, 
  teachers are educating the future generation of latvia . 
  their status should be improved and not the other way around . 
  if they want to reduce their salary by more then 50 % ( which is crazy ) , politicians should reduce their own first . 
  let 's reduce the income of politicians by 50 % , what about this ? 
  she is selling europe like kebab, 
  this smells like reich revival, 
  erdogan seems to love kitsch . 
  his whole new palace is one big kitsch . 
  dictators have no taste . 
  havel was the best president we have ever had . 
  he has always said the truth , no matter what and he has cared about his nation . 
  klaus - narcis , self-centred populist , thief . 
  zeman - populist , liar , backed by oligarchs and both of them with connections to kremlin . 
  they do n't care about people , they just care about themselves and sheep-following people listen to them like they are saint . 
  crazy . 
  the majority do n't like him, 
  i see , you are his big fan . 
  he is a professional liar who is using people 's fears to gain popularity - right now it 's immigration . 
  he is one of the biggest failures of our political system since revolution , together with klaus , they represent the worst of the worst . 
  they have connections to criminals , oligarchs and foreign dictators . 
  loved by whom ? 
  uneducated xenophobic individuals , that 's his league, 
  zeman is an old populist , we ca n't wait till his mandate expire, 
  very interesting . 
  i understand the injustices which both sides can feel . 
  i think you need to move forward . 
  i would start with calling russians in estonia : estonian russians . 
  you need to distinguish them from the russians of russia , it would give them also the feeling of attachment with the state . 
  also , when talking about that they are seen as villain , you need to talk about the soviet state as a villain and not about the ordinary people . 
  i guess , they were resettled from different areas of soviet union to estonia and many did n't even know where they end up . 
  estonian russians need to feel like a real citizens of estonia . 
  they need to feel they are home and that they need to protect the country against any aggression from outside . 
  estonia needs to say those are our russians , russia give your hands out of them . 
  estonian russians will identify themselves with the state , most of them were born already there , they have nothing in common with putin 's russia , for many of them is as foreign as for ethnic estonians . 
  just hang out with each other more often and it 's going to be fine . 
  fight against putin 's propaganda together . 
  that 's true . 
  if it was n't of hitler , we would be assimilated today . 
  intermarriages were very common , czech kids were sent to german families as exchange to learn the language and german kids to czech families . 
  ordinary people lived together for centuries in peace and were bilingual . 
  nazi propaganda screwed it all . 
  sudeten germans say themselves today , that we were gon na to assimilate into one nation of two languages . 
  unfortunately , the conditions of the mid of century did n't whish us this to happen . 
  that 's way is important , that your government will take the propaganda seriously and work on the closer ties between the two ethnicities of estonia . 
  united we stand , divided we fall - very true - czech rep. can confirm .
