  yes , true pesky hre , duchy is not enough for them :-), 
  or bohemia to leave moravia :-) . 
  we are one people group and we have one language . 
  it would be rather like northern england leaving the south , so that is very unlikely . 
  it would be great to see united ireland and united cyprus in the years to come . 
  yep , slavs also assimilated some [ iranian tribes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarmatians ) . 
  proto-slavs and proto-iranians lived close to each other , and close to the indoeuropean homeland - [ pontic spteppes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pontic%e2%80%93caspian_steppe ), 
   slavic tribes came in contact with some iranian tribes that is very much possible . 
  ancestral slavs bordered with iranian speakers namely sarmatians . 
  they were later slavicized and assimilated . 
  also , byzantines kept records about their neigbours and regions near by from black sea to italy . 
  poaching gangs are overwhelmingly from africa , but i bet you can read similar twisted title in daily mail for instance, 
  but you placed it in today 's lusatia/southern poland - area of western slavs like sorbs this chronicle is about the history of east slavs . 
  but , i belive ancestors of serbs and croats could have been neigbours in their homeland somewhere . 
  we would agree , that all slavs came from one proto-slavic region in the east ( belarus , ukraine , eastern poland ), 
  cool !, 
  thanks, 
   remember those days when germany was a mediterranean every summer, 
  that were not serbians but [ sorbs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sorbs ), 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i 'm in state of shock, 
  it confused me , that bohemia is in the same colour as kingdom of germany and not differentiated like kingdom of italy ( also hre part ) . 
   what is that orange line crossing through poland lebensraum preparations, 
  your food culture and fashion sense gon na suffer , are you ready for sauerkraut and socks in sandals ? 
  is n't it rather hre , than kingdom of germany ? 
  thank you . 
  i was wondering , how he could have been elected , because he is unelectable for many social democrats . 
  truth , i do n't get why the labor party do n't elect someone more suitable and less controversial . 
  i just wanted to point out , that many actions in the east come from the past . 
  nobody needs to be hold by western hand , but you ca n't change the whole society within decade . 
  it needs long-term education in `` how to live in the free world '' , which sounds silly , but it 's something countries in the east deal with and gon na deal with . 
  obviously , it affects politics there . 
  that would never work , there are so many differences between these 4 countries . 
  it would be more like poland and hungary vs czechia and slovakia . 
  if we would leave the single market , it would be like we shoot ourselves to the head . 
  we are the most dependent country from the entire eu on the exports to eu states . 
  we do n't have big domestic market like poland , which could help us to overcome economic crisis , we are intertwined with western markets . 
  people were feed by local politicians for years , that eu is bad in many areas . 
  this is the result of exclusive and not inclusive rhetoric of our politicians , it 's saddening . 
  younger people are more pro-eu as well as more educated folk . 
  countryside and old people are rednecks . 
   eastern europe does not need more education , i think , it needs education in all areas . 
  it 's pity to say , but people are still f * cked by the past . 
  long-term dictatorships screw economy , but the worst is the demage of people . 
  that takes so long to heal . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's schizophrenic relation . 
  they hate russian aggressive policy , but they agree on certain areas and share common ex-communist heritage . 
  for some politicians , russia is counterbalance to the western policies i.e. 
  orb\u00e1n , eastern european populists , both far-right and far-left ( communists ) and many old people still live their nostalgia of the past . 
  eastern european states wo n't have much maneuver space when this happens . 
  i understand arguments on both sides . 
  western states - we wo n't wait for you , we want further integration , eastern states - it 's too fast for us , we need time . 
  some countries are truly not ready yet for such speed . 
  on the other side , if someone is ready in the eastern half , it 's the czech republic . 
  we are the most developed , both economically and socially , yet we decided not to go further due to malicious reasons such as czech kleinst\u00e4dter mentality - too affraid to be open to the outside world and too comfy with our small town problems . 
  but , europe is bigger than our small czech basin and we need to take part in it , otherwise we gon na isolate ourselves . 
  this might help russia with its sphere of influence though . 
  i 'm not fond of further partition inside the eu , but i understand the move . 
  let 's see the terms and conditions of this policy . 
  it does n't effect only eastern non-euro countries , but also sweden and partly denmark . 
   socialist countries it always fascinated me how it contradict itself . 
  socialist countries yet hating on part of their society . 
  hopefully we gon na be blue as well, 
  kawaii !, 
  definitely , it 's something what should be talked about . 
  eu institutions ca n't do much as there are no implementations , that one product should contain the same ingredients in the whole eu . 
  producers are the ones who should be questioned about their practices . 
  there needs to be public pressure on them and their reputation in question , otherwise they wo n't change anything . 
  i would agree , that we get talented people from slovakia and many students , due to bigger market and more opportunities in education and resarch . 
  on the other side , the flow goes also the other way . 
  many slovaks with gained education and experiences go back to slovakia to force the country up . 
  also , many czechs settle in bratislava , which is wealthy and inovative region . 
  germany is our goal ( far economically , close geographically and culturally ) . 
  i completely agree , we need to more diversify the structure of our economy as well as our exports . 
  we are so dependant on automototive industry and clients in eu , that if crisis in this industry would come and eu would weaken , we are pretty much done . 
  they went from near-to-collapse after dissolution of czechoslovakia to economic miracle . 
  they made some progressive reforms and focused on international clients . 
  euro helped as well , our `` crown is the best '' statements fade away and we should finally adopt euro here . 
  do n't worry , they might to even overtake us . 
  unthinkable in the 90s . 
  we need to grow faster , if we want to ever get close to germany, 
  sad to see what happened . 
  we welcome jewish people back . 
  it 's the second biggest one in europe and prague has europe 's oldest active synagogue . 
  behaviour of people in times of hardship is hard to predict . 
  some people gon na be helpful , some lethargic and some opportunistic . 
  war is not natural distater , which comes as a surprise and last days or months with prospect of improvement . 
  war goes for years , people against people , the end is hard to predict as is hard to see what comes after . 
  we ca n't junge as we have n't went trough this . 
  i saw how people behaved during natural distater - big floods , solidarity was all over the place , but war is something completely different . 
  you have to understand , that it was after the war . 
  state did not work normally . 
  many people behaved in opportunistic way and tried to claim what they could . 
  it was happening all over the country , to all social and ethnic groups . 
  we see it as horrible behaviour , but when society is on the bring of collapse , people can act unreasonably , with no empathy and cruel . 
  people lost everything after 1948 when stalinism was enforced , not only jews . 
  czech jews were fleeing to what-was-to-be israel before war already , as they were well educated and fond of the idea of free jewish state . 
  czechoslovakia was also one of the biggest supporters of israel in its first years . 
  we trained israeli pilots and helped with military equipment , which was crutial in first arab-israeli war and the survival of istraeli state .
