  when talking about values , people are mostly concerned about values of immigrants ( i.e.muslims ) as it 's seen as something very foreign here . 
  it 's also because of media massage . 
  actually , concerns of czechs seem to be on par with those in most eu nations like : immigration , extremism etc. , mostly pressures from outside . 
  the biggest concerns in hungary and poland are mostly domestic like politics , economy , healthcare etc. 
  but what would be the name of such union now ? 
  austria would be too austrocentric . 
  centropa ? 
  complainia ? 
  the land of beer and schnitzel ? 
  the eu makes this possible now and not only for nations of the former czechoslovakia or austria-hungary, 
  seriously , i do n't know . 
  it could be because of the population sample they surveyed this time . 
  i do n't feel there is any growing nostalgia for unification . 
  the only factor i can think of is growing slovak diaspora here , which is mostly in favor of union . 
  so it might give some czechs the illusion of closer ties . 
  that we have better beer, 
  bring back our colonies / s, 
  someone needs to look after drunk tourists, 
  did n't know , thanks !, 
  there is no town of such name in czechia . 
  the dam is close to [ * dv\u016fr kr\u00e1lov\u00e9 nad labem/k \u00f6niginhof an der elbe * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dv%c5%afr_kr%c3%a1lov%c3%a9_nad_labem ), 
  probably of mixed greco-slavic origin, 
   the bulgarian kingdom the glagolic alphabet would have had a stillbirth . 
  glagolitic was made for moravia , cyrillic later for bulgaria, 
  germany is not indifferent towards the thread in the east . 
  they focus more on the diplomatic solutions , economical pressure and cooperation in crucial fields . 
  let 's not forget that germany is the biggest investor in the eastern europe and i do n't think they would like to lose their germoneys because of war or out-of-control-russia . 
   germans would be against military intervention ? 
  well , i do n't know why is everyone surprised . 
  they carry stigma due to atrocities they committed during the world wars ( even if the last one ended 70 years ago ) . 
  they are not keen to war conflicts also because they saw what it does to their own civilian population . 
  another factor is that we do n't know what effect would have massive deploation of german forces in eastern europe , it could work as propaganda and it could trigger part of the population . 
  i think , this is also one of the reasons why are german politicians carefull regarding the presence of german forces in another countries . 
  the netherlands knows what is unity . 
  * `` as a child i never imagined that all of the real monsters in the world would be humans '' *, 
  country of thousands of lakes , most people live in the south especially around the capital of helsinki , ruled by both sweden and russia in the past , there is significant swedish minority mainly on aland islands , they have close relations with estonia which is linguistically related , they are good in the tech fields , known to be rather introverted and loving their personal space , they have great education system, 
  do n't tell it to farage, 
  poland - possibly , biggest economy ( besides sweden ) not yet in eurozone czech rep - possibly , yet there is still strong opposition sweden - they could join in 2 years if they wanted , not euro fans it seems denmark - they are in erm ii already hungary - cons : orb\u00e1n , debt / pros : growing economy , great location croatia - this one is going to be hard , huge debt , lack of reforms , corruption romania - possibly , fast growing economy , big market , they do reforms bulgaria - cons : corruption / pros : small debt, 
  beautiful . 
  we call it \u0158ezno and the city has quite important place in czech history . 
  relations between regensburg and prague go to early days of czech statehood in 9th century . 
  regensburg played an imprtant role in catholic christianisation of bohemia contrary to orthodox christianity dominant in moravia at the time . 
  catholicism won over the whole country in the end and latin alphabet replaced glagolitic script ( slavic alphabet ) . 
  damn , but our numbers are measured while yours are self-reported so we might be closer than you think on the bright side , i feel more and more people here are fit and concerned about what they eat, 
  i wish it was true in every aspect, 
  well , you are super progressive next to your neighbours like russia and baltic states, 
  bavaria is dragging the numbers down as well, 
   society collapse eastern europe still goes with this nonsense, 
  we had access to mammals migrating between north sea grass plains and eastern european grass plains . 
  we were corridor between glaciers in the north and glaciers of the alps . 
  people have settled in the area due to great natural conditions for hunting , so we have many artifacts from the ice age periods . 
  you forgot minnesota and texas, 
  me too !, 
  no , there are not only three but for sure there is a lot more people who are ignorant, 
  profit is obviously the number one reason . 
  managers will do anything to get higher benefits . 
  so , the production for eastern eu markets is separated from the production for western eu markets . 
  here add cheaper ingredients , here add less meat and add more vegetable fats , and so on . . you make very similar product , which you advertise as the same as anywhere else in eu , though your is going to have label with eastern european languages only . 
  often , retailers push producers to get low prices , so they to get their products to supermarkets go for lower quality ingredients in their products . 
  [ we already do it here ] ( http://www.potravinynapranyri.cz/ ), 
  it 's shocking , but this thread shows it like this . 
  they do n't see anything else besides their hate towards anything russian . 
  they would sympathize with nazis even today . 
  they participated in many ss actions . 
  soviets were also seen as `` innocent '' after the war by allies , but you do n't see them as such today . 
  we should n't see crimes by ss soldiers as cleared as you would like to . 
  this is the problem . 
  neither of the sides want to admit their crimes and move forward . 
  many russians live in delusional misinformation about crimes commited by soviet union and many people in blatic states wo n't see their nation 's crimes against jews and other groups and their participation in ss actions . 
  if they want to move forward like germany , they have to start with themsleves first . 
  why do you react immediately in this manner ? 
  like `` look we suffered and no one come close '' . 
  the reality is that many nations were to be exterminated by nazis , so nazis are not seen as heroes and soviets solely as evil like in baltic states . 
  today , we all know that soviets commited crimes as well , but that does n't mean we should see nazis as something less evil . 
  baltic soldiers were in waffen-ss, 
  it 's about the old quota regarding refugees currently in italy and greece ( i believe ) . 
  countries ( incl . 
  eastern eu states ) agreed to take few so they would help southern states . 
  it was few hunderds per country ( app . 
  1300 for czechia ) . 
  i think slovakia and hungary were the only two states who have n't sign it . 
  since then , clima has changed since many regugees who settled in eastern eu states fleed mainly to germany and sweden , so eastern eu states started to question the whole logic of this . 
  if it 's quota on which countries agreed already , they should fulfill that . 
  it 's few hunderds for czechia for instance so that 's not a problem . 
  most of them are going to leave the country in few month as they prefer countries where related ethnic communities are already well established . 
  the big question is if all of this makes sense , in regards to future quotas . 
  those people crossed sahara desert , mediterranean or syria and turkey so some quotas or legal punishments if they wo n't stay where they were assignet , wo n't stop them to reach places they want to be in . 
  he should revive old indo european language instead, 
  true , construction is really hard to do here cos of the bad legislative and many obstacles ( unprepared projects , political games , complaints etc. 
  our government needs to do the same : push for higher wages and invest . 
  my post summed it up quite well as did my first comment where i wished poland better political representatives as it would help the country to develop further and faster . 
  you just cant stand the fact , that someone does n't like the party you 're rooting for . 
  omg how dare i am to mention saint polish politicians , the leaders of progress in eu . 
  they are so patriotic that they even sabotage each other i.e. 
  tusk to become president of the european council . 
  we have our political dinosaurs , but we ca n't beat poland even if we tried . 
  it would be great if they could elect better government in the next elections, 
   pagans converted to christianity in exchange for being taught to write by the byzantines . 
  that was true for most slavs . 
  also , because they needed it to consolidate power at the time .
