  [ jan hus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_hus#/media/file:spiezer_chronik_jan_hus_1485.jpg ) , never forget !, 
  regular term oct 20 , 2017 -- oct 21 , 2017 , but now maybe sooner, 
  ne\u010das government for instance . 
  it was comedy meets tragedy meets telenovela . 
  like prime minister with no power , country secretly ruled by his lover who spied on his wife - you ca n't make this up . 
  yeah , government resignations and periods of no rule are tradition here . 
  belgium is our buddy in this matter . 
  sadly , you might be enjoying his another term since foolish folk is going to vote for him overwhelmingly, 
  it 's a political game few months before the election . 
  social democrats ( prime minister sobotka ) are losing in polls to ano of andrej babis . 
  prime minister is playing hard to impress voters who do n't like ano and get their votes . 
  let 's see if this move is gon na pay off , but i doubt it . 
  dsss members are mostly lost individuals with lower education and troublesome history . 
  but , they feel empowered in crowd , marching through town and yelling their nazi bullshit . 
  country squeezed between ukraine and romania . 
  majority speak romanian . 
  there is a breakaway russian oriented region of transnistria , which is stuck in time . 
  they are known for wine and huge wine cellars . 
  many working age moldovans emigrated abroad in search for work . 
  the soil is very fertile so agriculture plays an important part of the economy . 
  they lack investments and most of the industry deteriorated since the fall of the soviet union . 
  politicians tend to rule in authoritarian way so there are often uprisings . 
  many moldovans ended up in human trafficing and slave labor . 
  they have often great eccentric performances in eurovision . 
  it 's something i will never understand - parents wanting to kill their children ? 
  wtf . 
  even your natural instincts command you to protect them . 
  it 's one of the most monstrous acts to do . 
  these are your stances . 
  yes , cnb is criticised as it should be . 
  read more local media . 
  and more trust in eu democracy than germany for instance . 
  your conclusions are very vague . 
  czech republic is going to adopt euro in the long run . 
  our national bank is n't that independent as one would think . 
  they go hand in hand with the interests of big companies . 
  the bank is quite often criticised here . 
   czechia is the most eurosceptic country where did you get it ? 
  i see greece , italy , france . . on similar or worst stances, 
  cannoli siciliani !, 
  blue is the warmest colour, 
  i really see the resemblance with rwanda here . 
  there are also tutsi left there - yes , those who were lucky enough . 
  the same hate mongering from officials and encouragment of civil population to attack the specific ethnic group - rwanda and ottoman turkey hand in hand . 
  there is one difference , rwanda is learning from the past , turkey kept it under the table for 100 years . 
  to murder and starve to death more than a million people on purpose , is not some random massacre or war incident . 
  it 's like in rwanda : `` oh some tutsi fought back , so it 's not genocide '' ? 
  well , when it 's targeted towards specific group of people and over one million just `` disappeared '' then how it should be called ? 
  the slow progression is due to lobbying but from turkey to not recognise it i.e. 
  minimal recognition from muslim countries for example, 
  your illusion , that some armenian businessmens paid governments in half of the world , is bizarre so far , i have n't heard the acknowledgement of armenian genocide from turkey while the evidence is here for 100 year already, 
  yes , armenia is so rich country , that they could pay half of the world to recognise it incl . 
  developing countries like switzerland or canada . 
  is this the most popular genocide denial argument in turkey ? 
  by erdogan ? 
  the involvement of ethnic czechs in nazi actions on the occupied territory was truly minimal and there were only a small number of documented cases . 
  reasons were : there were no extermination camps located in what was protectorate of bohemia and moravia . 
  there were ghettos like terez\u00edn or lety , where jews , roma and czechs were collected . 
  the main causes of deaths were diseases , hunger or shootings . 
  they were later transported to occupied poland to death camps . 
  most of guards were of german or sudeten german descent . 
  sudeten germans could speak czech , so they were valuable for the nazi organising . 
  czech guards were allowed to be present in minor roles and at smaller camps like lety . 
  czechs were not trusted by germans , so they were not allowed in decision making positions and used mostly as labor . 
  czechs were themsleves target of nazi policy . 
  he is drunk with power . 
  he does n't see anything else except himself . 
  he would join a green-alien-party if it would meant to stay in power and to have access to the flow of money . 
  it 's time you get rid of him , cos he 'll bring your country down, 
  it was nazi camp , but there were also czech policemens present as guards . 
  they went on trial after the war , but punishments were not really big ( also due to communist regime which took over the country later ) . 
  the resolution includes : * `` parliament of the czech republic condemns the crimes against humanity carried out by the nazis during the second world war on the jewish , roma and slavic populations in the controlled territories '' *, 
  were the nazis involved in this sent to prison after the war ? 
  cos the [ nazi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hugo_sperrle ) who was the chief of luftwaffe there lived happily in bavaria ( unsurprisingly ) until 1953, 
  it does n't matter , palatschinke is derived from czech pala\u010dinka, 
  neighbour , alps , wien , salzburg , linz , pretty towns and villages , eco friendly , beautiful nature , they like bavarians and would like to be rich as switzerland , wien is cosmopolitan with sizable minorities from balkan , countryside is rather traditional and catholic , there are strong local identities like tyroleans , they like to reminisce on their former empire , friendly people who like to complain ( which is no different from czechs ) , they are good at sports - especially winter sports , good cusine and food products , tourism is stronk, 
  it 's said , that northeast is more industrial and have n't recovered since crisis and transformation . 
  southeast is traditionally more conservative . 
  there is no justification for such reaction . 
  you do n't want to get on the nazi level . 
  what is sad , is the fact that many nazis escaped justice after the war . 
  that 's something what should be talked about and who helped them to cover . 
  what a horrible time . 
  we see spreading nazi virus on the map , but there are tens of millions of dead behind it . 
  especially eastern europe was slaughterhouse and the recovery took decades . 
  the 90s were bad in most of the former eastern bloc , but especially in the ex-soviet area . 
  russia was hit hard . 
  there was a need of skilled , uncorrupted , respectful and visionary politicians at the time who would help the country with its transition and its stability . 
  unfortunately , yeltsin was not that kind of a guy . 
  russia was like an open market where mostly ex-communists-turned-capitalits-overnight , criminals and people with strong ties to local or state institutions collected state wealth leaving plundered country with collpased social and legal system . 
  russians liked putin because he gave them the sense of stability they prayed for so much . 
  they were so scared of the return of instability , that they ignored faux pas of putin and his undemocratic way of leadership . 
  putin created system where the country is still plundered , but under his supervision , secretly and by people on his side . 
  now , it 's hard for the public to make the system more transparent as those in power are strongly attached to the state flow of money and they wo n't leave their positions easily . 
  the crisis of western civilisation is something talked about since the fall of the roman empire , so nothing new . 
  it 's more crisis of politics and the changes in the world ( geopolitical , technological , social etc. ) . 
  people just need to remain sane when voting and behaving , that 's all . 
  we are talking about the politics in europe here . 
  you ca n't deny , that many countries in europe i.e. 
  poland are themselves very homophobic .
