  in the netherlands ? 
  impossible to succeed in this . 
  dutch 'll always speak up their minds . 
  those putin 's supporters are so sick !, 
  great , that russia is short of money these days . 
  they 'll have to cut their budget for propaganda . 
  [ germany ] ( https://i.imgur.com/up9hjr9.jpg ) on r/funny, 
  it 's about time, 
  . . but do they learn a lot from us ? 
  that 's the problem here . 
  people who want to integrate and respect local customs are welcomed . 
  the problem is , that many of those immigrants wo n't learn or they refuse to integrate . 
  what then ? 
  also sweden had colonies ( but they lost them ) . 
  sweden profiled itself as neutral country since 1918 , they took refugees in both world wars , cold war and any war around the globe during their almost 100 years of neutrality . 
  i guess , 25 years after dictature and half a milion of immigrants who settled , that 's not bad at all in our case . 
  well , we are only 10.5 mio with 0.5 mio foreigners . 
  poland is 38 mio with as you say 1 mio foreigners , kind of different percentage . 
  uk has 64 mio and it was colonial empire . 
  they brought people from colonies who settled in cities , especially in london . 
  london is different story for comparison . 
  well , this close to nothing gave us half a million in total from every corner of the world . 
  so , we are satisfied and we go up . 
  i like this thread . 
  i just downloaded file from our statistical office so , i can give you precise numbers : 550 paki , 420 mex , 1704 ind , 7804 rom , 10 136 bulg , 2 599 croat . 
  who else ? 
  so what are the immigrants you are talking about ? 
  so , between 2004 - 2015 you lost ( -184 994 ) people , we got ( +342 928 ) . 
  [ check it yourself ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tps00001&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
  you ca n't really compare poland with czech rep. , both countries go through different social development . 
  cz , slovenia and slovakia are to only former eastern euro countries with growing population , the rest suffer from emigration and low births . 
  we have 120k ukrainians , 100k slovaks ( slovak citizenship ) , 80k vietnamese , 40k russians , 20k other former-soviet , 40k western euro + usa and canada , 20k polish , 10k other eastern euro etc. 
  pls . 
  you do n't have information and you 're just making assumptions . 
  i do n't know about poland , but we have constant net-migration for decade . 
  unlike poland , our population is growing ( immigration ) . 
  we do n't have just one major immigrant group like you ( ukrainians ) who come to poland just for money . 
  the majority of our immigrants came to live here permanently . 
  i just checked eurostat : poland had 101,204 people with permanent residency as of 2014 , czech republic had 434,581 people with permanent residency . 
  so unlike poland , people come to settle here . 
  quite simple . 
  yes , i hope they pass the law . 
  go italy ( i know , that it 's difficult , you have vatican there ), 
  we have strict asylum policy and we wo n't award them with house , car and pocket money as they dream they might get in germany or sweden . 
  that 's simply it . 
  our half a million of immigrants are doing pretty well , they are successful , they work very hard and they have bright future ahead . 
  we welcome only the ones who want to work and contribute into the society . 
  the each year increasing numbers of immigrants ( mainly eastern europe , central and eastern asia ) just proof that . 
  if some benefit seekers do n't want to come here or have false information , we 're only glad for it . 
  nothing we would be missing here . 
  there are 28 different asylum policies in eu ( differences regarding family reunion , benefits , the time schedule etc. ), 
  and yes many of them know it . 
  again , that 's why they target certain countries . 
  those people have never been in europe before . 
  they get information from others who have already reached the `` final destination '' or the ones who live there already . 
  they act based on recommendation . 
  that 's why the weak knowledge and naivete about europe . 
  you seem to know it , but you want to target czech rep. from unknown reasons , very strange . 
  you are completely mistaken . 
  most of the `` refugees '' seek countries , where is easier to get asylum . 
  that 's why they target germany and sweden with their welcoming politics ( that 's slowly changing these days ) . 
  the majority of them went through austria , the ones who went to sweden had to go through denmark - do you consider austria and denmark poor eastern countries ? 
  others went from sweden to finland , cuz of the better asylum law in finland , is sweden backward ? 
  many are in calais to get to england , is france poverty driven country ? 
  those individuals just seek opportunities and they are using the system , which we have created for europeans ( free movement ) . 
  there are many who are just thankful for any help , but such people are mostly in refugee caps in turkey , lebanon and jordan ( mostly families ) . 
  so , your assumptions are completely wrong . 
  there are plenty of people who would settle in austria , denmark , france , cz , poland etc. 
  if they had the chance . 
  many of those young men seek opportunities ( often based on false expectations ) and no security whatsoever . 
  you have some issue , seek help, 
  you 're just jealous of our country . 
  poor you . 
  i guess , mr. minister has a big imagination . 
  he should ban football as well , there are men playing game together , what if they are gay . 
  beer is `` liquid bread '' * beer can contain significant amounts of nutrients , including magnesium , selenium , potassium , phosphorus , biotin , chromium and b vitamins *, 
  why would anyone complain about the art of portraying human anatomy ? 
  i guess , everyone has seen one already . 
  nice shots, 
  no more zeman pls . 
  you are still comparing different cases . 
  those are `` refugees '' who came to claim security , cuz of their conditions at home . 
  they are not native to the area , they just came . 
  they can be deported under the international law . 
  i guess , we are in 21st century and we have enough planes , boats and food-for-a-day to transfer them back . 
  if you gon na `` remove '' native population , who lived in certain area for centuries , you starve them intentionally to death and shoot them for fun - yes , that 's ethnic cleansing . 
  yeah , that 's the reality . 
  one of my friends worked with north african immigrants in spain . 
  she worked mostly with women who run away from abusive husbands ( who was there as well ) , family or were impoverished . 
  she said , that one out of ten was successful case . 
  many fell back into the environment , from which they wanted to escape . 
   the turks mass-deported the armenians in wwi but history does remembers it with a different word . 
  you 're comparing incomparable . 
  armenians were starved to death on the march and many shot . 
  it was organised ethnic cleansing . 
  i would n't go so far, 
  good read, 
  one murder ? 
  it goes in thousands, 
  [ i found this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfdykwkzejo ),
