  they behave in this manner in russia itself . 
  this is how they view society . 
  you need to create fear and respect to achieve something . 
  they imply their view on the global stage , which is no different from other big countries where your view is the right one and the only one . 
  men who do this are disgusting monsters, 
  southern europe is notorious for prescribing antibiotics for anything . 
  obviously , superbugs develop faster in such environments . 
  we take antibiotics for granted , but we do n't have really any substitution at the moment . 
  ca n't we have our own financial city/cities ? 
  you could have been born in congo or burundi for instance , so still you have won the lottery in this world . 
  let 's hope for this scenario . 
  in another scenario , poland and slovakia might overtake us . 
  austrians go to sarajevo to end up their misery . 
  crazy , how the capital regions collect all the wealth ( especially in the south and east eu ) . 
  also , the data are from 2014 . 
  did ireland beat norway ? 
  we can rely only on ourselves in the end . 
  few points i 'm wondering about : is n't it all a bit in favor of military and weapon industries ? 
  it seems to be a global thing at the moment . 
  who is going to profit in the end ? 
  how strong is eu really ? 
  are we going to face certain issuses as one block or it 's going to be state by state policy ? 
  the refugee crisis showed our weakness : no external border security , state by state falling with border checks , different policies and overall chaos . 
  other example when russia has stopped gas into the half of eu . 
  it seems , that we are not ready for `` stress situations '' and we do n't know how to act at that moment . 
  slay !, 
  it seems , that ignorance works as well, 
  thanks . 
  so , it was invented by conservatives to prevent masturbation and falsely claimed to cure some diseases  ) . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  now , it 's money source for some doctors . 
  again , not surprised . 
  as ancient romans said `` it 's barbaric and mutilation '' . 
  never understood , why is it performed beside health reasons . 
  in the usa , it 's like tradition or something . 
  i think , the biggest advantage of the usa is still the technological lead . 
  usa with allies combined presents a huge technological powerhouse , which would be hard to beat . 
  google better works on advanced google translator . 
  the thing is , how many hackers with mandarin or russian can the usa use ? 
  max thousands . 
  russia and china can use millions of hackers with english . 
  this is the foreign language advantage in competitive 21st century . 
  of course , usa and uk can afford top diplomats and linguists . 
  what the article wants to say is , that beside those specialists the rest does n't really speak any other language unlike non-anglophone countries . 
  specialists and diplomats advise , but politicians in power are the ones who make decisions . 
  for instance , merkel can read english , russian and she even understands czech . 
  putin can read info in english and german . 
  xi jinping can read english . 
  english only . 
  most of british politicians ? 
  beside few exceptions , english only . 
  foreign politicians know themselves about the us or british politics , unlike the other way . 
  this gives them slight advantage . 
  majority of lgbtq and jews vote for center , left or liberal right . 
  fight against far-right and conservative form of islam is like sophie 's choice , one worst than the other . 
  more like better trade balance with germany . 
  with all the respect to all fuck-seekers , all the bavarian farmers running from their ulke for some once-a-year-fuck improve only criminality here . 
  how come , that much poorer countries ( baltic states , slovakia ) adopted euro and they grow a lot ? 
  based on this theory , their currencies are overvalued and their exports too expensive to compete , yet they are better each year . 
  it 's good for us , i guess, 
  russia never ceases to amaze you, 
  reminds me of [ prague city tunnel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blanka_tunnel_complex ) . 
  it costed twice as much as planned . 
  have taxpayers paid for the hotel and 44 apartments as well ? 
  you better wish not to snow , cos ns gon na shut down all trains, 
  the ignorance towards hiv in russia is shocking . 
  they wanted third `` reich '' so there were two before , where they took inspiration : roman empire , german empire, 
  i like your stories :-) . 
  i often think about the interaction between certain nationals on the opposite ends of the `` temperament '' spectrum . 
  like finns vs italians or dutch vs latin america . 
  i had internship in the netherlands , while dutch mentality is ok for czechs , some nationalities had some issues there . 
  dutch honesty and factuality vs latin over-the-top temperament was funny to watch . 
  i miss russia there words on the table full of vodka - i want this - i take this - i nuke you - sanctions - i could have nuke you if i wanted - agreement possibly reached, 
  agree . 
  politicians seek example in israel . 
  they think , that everyone gon na perform krav maga and people gon na eliminate potential terrorist with gun or anything available like chopsticks . 
  the truth is , that when there is a panic and actual danger , people react way differently . 
  it 's more vote seeking and desperation on the political side of the coin . 
  as a student you should absorb as much knowledge as possible . 
  if you ignore some of the key parts of your studies , then you do n't study well . 
  it 's not photoshop but scale model of police to `` scare '' drivers to drive more carefully . 
  we have a good doctors and medical schools . 
  it 's a miracle for what they are paid . 
  no wonder , germany is hungry for them . 
  erasmus was one of the best experiences so far . 
  cheers to wageningen . 
  politicians seeking some votes . 
  it seems , that gun industry has some good years ahead thanks to them . 
  yes yes yes, 
  we have finns , we ca n't go full brazil, 
  yep , prague, 
  [ you wo n't get us easily ] ( http://m.memegen.com/le0ut9.jpg ), 
  [ do n't you even think about it ] ( http://emcmanus11.github.io/llama-last/llama-stuff/army-llama.jpg ), 
  too hungry for profits . 
  iceland banks fucked up even more . 
  the management is here to blame . 
  we like to see progress in romania, 
  there is lesbian porn and many categories , which are popular among gays . 
  how many hetero men search for big dick ( looking at men 's favorites ) ? 
  there is gangbang , anal , creampie ... all popular among gays as well .
