  who wanted to make career , they had to know it perfectly . 
  for instance , czech language was almost lost at one point . 
  everyone spoke german , except remote areas of countryside . 
  they had to restore the language during national revival . 
  it 's like the irish vs english . 
  irish almost lost their language . 
  the same happened to czechs in 18th and 19th century . 
  back to kafka and freud , they were native to yiddish influenced german dialect . 
  kafka was ashkenazi jew and freud was hasidic jew . 
  kafka even wanted to go to palestine , to help with jewish/pre-israel settlement . 
  obviously , it was lingua franca of central europe at the time . 
  it was like english now . 
  this does n't mean they identified as germans or we identify as english here . 
  they identified as jews . 
  and czech and yiddish, 
  yes , it 's definitely more complicated than how it seems from today 's perspective . 
  i 'm curious , how people referred to themselves in the german states in the past ? 
  like did bavarians called themselves bavarians or germans ? 
  like who is 100 % czech in this sense . 
  maybe like 5 % of people who could trace their ancestry to the czech tribe from 7th century . 
  austrians have no problem with this . 
  they claim anyone who was famous and lived within cisleithanian part of a-h as austrian . 
  freud was as jew , austrian , german as czech . 
  people were not thinking like this back in time . 
  they identified with where they were born usually . 
  czechs and germans born in bohemia , called themselves bohemians much of history for instance . 
  those in moravia as moravians . 
  the same goes for silesia . 
  thank you . 
  based on the title , i thought that lithuania elected liberal left , but it seems way different . 
  i was a bit confused , since it seems they do n't have similar agenda as egp . 
  really ? 
  i checked and it seems there is [ no official lithuanian representation there ] ( https://europeangreens.eu/map ) . 
  it 's actually the only eu country not being involved . 
  ok , the green parties i meant are united in [ european green party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_green_party ) . 
  i did n't find lithuanian one there , so it 's different . 
  green party is very pro-lgbt in the czech republic and many other countries . 
  is it the same in lithuania ? 
  it 's pity what 's happening in russia towards the russian lgbt community . 
  i think , it 's all connected with the rise of the church since 90s and with the state anti-western policy . 
  what is ironic , is that they target russian citizens with this anti-gay propaganda and not western people . 
  kremlin is trying to make false accusations and to spread fear of outside world to better control ordinary russians . 
  it 's unfortunate , that many russians belive the propaganda and they do n't try to check the facts independently themselves . 
  honestly , i do n't think it 's this bad . 
  i do n't know , what was the criteria for this chart . 
  i think , it was self-reported by respondents . 
  czechs do n't believe in their english skills as they do n't practice , yet many would understand . 
  i often see people saying , that they do n't speak the language , but in reality they can make at least basic conversation . 
  older people have the worst knowledge as english have n't been taught in schools when they were attending ( it was mostly russian and german ) . 
  homosexuality was legal since 18th century in france or belgium for instance . 
  interestingly , never banned in poland . 
  legal since 1962 in former czechoslovakia . 
  so , it was not that bad `` mental illness '' as you can see . 
  simple medieval mentality people . 
  they probably still believe in witchcraft as well . 
  as they killed witches , they would do gladly the same to gays . 
  it 's pure superstition in it 's most primitive form . 
  i would n't be surprised , that this came originaly from church as many horrific things like inquisition , genocide of atheists , non-belivers and pagans , burning people accused of witchcraft etc. 
  this is the most dangerous lie spread by homophobes . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  people who spread this have a serious issue with themselves . 
  it 's similar primitive behavior like when jews were blamed for plague in middle ages and this lies fulled pogroms on them . 
  middle ages still rule russia . 
  horrifying . 
  i ca n't comprehend , how can be people so cruel . 
  it takes special kind of monstrosity to murder small children . 
  i feel overall improvement of the diet here . 
  people are more aware of the quality of the products and they try to eat healthier . 
  cooking is one of the biggest hobbies among czechs and the tv programs are full of cooking shows etc. 
  traditional meaty and sauce based cusine is done lighter . 
  vege and vegan restaurants are popping out everywhere . 
  also , asian cusine is in demand and popular . 
  [ baromantick\u00e1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puinueqc85w ) from lenka dusilov\u00e1 , i like her voice [ lucie , amerika ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdcqzvs7nwi ) - one of the best bands in 90s [ also , this old poem is beautiful ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auhfgedg-ti ), 
  [ and u know what ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lukzt7p-mnm ), 
  i 'm surprised there is no south korea , canada or sweden in the top . 
  what did you say ? 
  i guess , he is going to work for fbi now . 
  till , putin sends him cake with plutonium . 
  among the seven deadly sins : gluttony this cinderella does n't seem to be bothered, 
  you germans seem to be confused with wunderbar tschechien, 
  they have invested in the highway network over the years unlike us , where there were years with 0 km of highways added to the network . 
  it 's bad planning , why we do n't have the core highways built till now . 
  yeah , many people are confused actually , cos we do n't have euro yet . 
  my dutch friends asked me the same question when visiting . 
  also , they said slovakia has better highways then we do ( which is true sadly ) . 
  czechia and slovakia have had lesbian romance in the past , now with their boyfriends in the club , but ca n't forget the time they were together, 
  [ yet , they are building new shelter for super rich near prague ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/jimdobson/2015/11/05/billionaire-bunker-inside-the-worlds-largest-private-apocalypse-shelter-the-oppidum/#3d0d2c5b49a2 ), 
  [ partly ] ( http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/05/09/world/monument-to-stalin-is-unveiled-in-russian-city-despite-criticism/#.wajoqpmltiu ), 
  elbe to rule them all, 
  yet , they have still statues of stalin the terrible, 
  now imagine , they would ask people in konya i 'm pleased , that izmir is this tolerant, 
  republic !!, 
  saudi arabia ? 
  no , but 95 % of these pics are from polish people 's republic, 
  more like from poland, 
  well , i wo n't call majority of tourists dumb roaring beer and sex seekers . 
  the majority are lovely people , who want to see piece of european history and one of the most beautiful cities on earth . 
  prague image of liberal metropolis brings some trouble makers too , but that you can find in any other vibrant city on the continent as well ( a-dam , berlin etc. 
  prague was always busy center of the country and central europe .
