  it 's like the english people , they are all english now based on the most powerful tribe who inhabited the area , but there have been many other tribes who just got assimilated and ruled by the english . 
  bohemia is much older name . 
  it 's celtic and based on the celtic boii tribe , who gave the name to the country . 
  the name still remain . 
  moravia is named based on the river of morava , so it 's basically the land around the morava river . 
  the name is also very old and comes from pre-celtic people who inhabited the area . 
  the name means water/sea in old indo-european language . 
  many people who live in moravia region today ( especially the southern part ) , call themselves moravians . 
  silesia is named also based on river name : sleza . 
  the origin is unclear , but it 's probably from the old slavic word for moisture/humidity . 
  people of czech republic are ethnically one group , so it depends where you live and how much you identify with the particular area . 
  that would have to be the [ lands of the bohemian crown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lands_of_the_bohemian_crown ), 
  hell yes !, 
  it 's interesting , how similar the dutch and czech situation was back then . 
  we were almost there as well , but unlike the dutch , we lost against the catholic armies and the emperor . 
  so the dutch had golden age after that and we had the dark ages . 
  some call us [ fairytale land ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw9xxmv2ykg ) / s, 
  holly roman empire before that, 
  everyone chant '' \u010ce\u0161i do toho '' . 
  i 've never heard this ( and i 'm from bohemia ), 
  i do n't mind the short names in other languages either , but it sounds weird in english . 
  i would rather see czechland than czechia, 
  we 're ready for this glory, 
  it 's from the old czech , the digraph `` cz '' was used until the 16th century reform when replaced by '' \u010d '', 
  czechland would n't sound bad either, 
  when tournaments , we say '' \u010ce\u0161i , \u010ce\u0161i , . . '' `` czechs , czechs , . . '', 
  let 's call us lothl\u00f3rien , the fairest land in the ~ ~ middle-earth ~ ~ central europe . 
  i do n't have a problem with our current name , but i do n't like czechia . 
  i would personally use the czechlands as alternative , coz its old czech term for all historical parts of today 's czech republic ( bohemia , moravia , silesia ) + we would be closer to my favorite country : the netherlands < 3, 
  lucky france . 
  we have n't got such offer from austria , only stop temelin campaign . 
  white race does n't exist , it 's a fake term . 
  gypsy people belong to europoid/caucasian race so does you . 
  italian politicians must work really hard for such salaries . 
  guns are definitely not the answer . 
  you need better law enforcement and better communication between police and gypsy ethnicity . 
  we have gypsy police and gypsy communicators who help with communication , easing tensions and better law enforcement . 
  the situation here is much better than years ago . 
  kotleba is pure nazi . 
  so , it 's not surprising , that he uses any excuse he can find to let his ideology to be seen . 
  if there is any crime , it 's the work of police . 
  it always strike me , how is slovakia prone to radicals in such numbers . 
  good !, 
  you need to know facts behind such statistics . 
  do you really think , that germany , cz and austria discriminate against women and poland , italy and romania are the examples of emancipated and feminist societies ? 
  you do n't believe it yourself . 
  for example , cz has one of the longest maternity/paternity leaves in the world . 
  you can chose how long you want to have it . 
  also , many women work part-time . 
  there is always room for improvement ( more company kindergartens , wider spectrum of part-times , better social policy for young families , etc. 
  would be welcomed ) . 
  stupid idea, 
  the first picture - the blind pioneer , looks like he is painted, 
  since the disputes with the west , russia was looking eastward to china due to economic potential . 
  state propaganda plays major role in this . 
  so it goes well with the state propaganda actually, 
  let 's do this : * our northern neighbours , we like your bravery . 
  truly proud nation , who wo n't get down on knees even in the darkest hours . 
  * our little eastern neighbours , we like your temperament and mountains . 
  your language is nice and often funny . 
  * southern neighbours , we like your nature , lovely small towns and vienna . 
  we share a lot , more then we admit sometimes . 
  * our big western neighbour , we like to look up to you in many fields . 
  you have influenced us greatly . 
  we like your weihnachtsmarkts and we love shopping . 
  russian , they love : beating people :-d not much have changed, 
  well , that 's very difficult to say . 
  the celtic dna trace is very little and it vary on the region ( southern and western regions are more genetically conservative ) . 
  anyway , you still might have the possibility of the druid blood in your veins :-), 
  yep , what is now the czech republic , it was part of the celtic homeland where celts originated . 
  there are many celtic archaeological sites and we like to think , that we have still some connection with them . 
  i myself , live few kilometers from celtic oppidum . 
  eu has no military forces . 
  only the alliance of big eu states ( uk , france , germany , poland , italy ) could make counterpart to russia . 
  unfortunately , each state has its own interests regarding defence system and regarding russia . 
  i ca n't imagine those states to send military to defend let 's say baltic countries ( maybe , except poland ) . 
  they would send note and strengthen sanctions . 
  the only viable option for ee countries are usa , because they operate on different level ( global ) and have different interests . 
  as you can see , they do n't send just note , but also military forces to repel any potential idea , which russia may have regarding baltics . 
  ireland , the best land !, 
  celtic heritage , guinness , st patrick 's day we love everything celtic, 
  definitely not ppl with czech heritage . 
  ethnic kazakhs are muslims . 
  slavic population , which comprise 30 % of the population , is christian or atheist . 
  still , they are the sixth most favourable based on this survey . 
  cz is probably the most pro-jew country in eu , so you 'll find hardly better ranking among other countries . 
  yep , sugar is added to almost everything . 
  human body is not used to such enormous amounts of industrial sugar . 
  i recommend this [ docu ] ( https://vimeo.com/106120127 ), 
  do n't worry , we like you, 
  no way, 
  was n't something similar around like one month ago ? 
  why they do n't aks people like : do you like to have a polite , good behaved , friendly neighbour no matter ethnicity or nationality ? 
  coz i would definitely say yes , as the majority of people i guess, 
  have you ever been in relationship ? 
  still , in regards of cheating , i would trust women 100 % more then men, 
  exactly . 
  usually , those untrustful and jealous men are cheaters themselves . 
  definitely , every woman whos long-term boyfriend/husband ask them for paternity test is going to be filled with joy and unconditional love towards them . 
  i would understand such action in some open-relationship or in some very unusual situation , but to ask your loved one like ... and btw , let 's do paternity test tomorrow . . i would kick such guy hundred feet away .
