  our periods of slow growth and stagnation continued until we joined eu in 2004 . 
  then , we went up , but germany went faster ( which is kinda bad if you want to catch someone who was already miles ahead ) . 
  as we were watching germany 's back in this race , others were watching us and getting closer and closer ( slovakia , poland , baltics ) . 
  now , we are glad if we somehow keep our position ( who knows for how long ) while germany is already long time gone . 
  yeah , says ex-communist who made fortune due to good-old-times connections and by underpaying his employees, 
  which we are not able to invest so our infrastructure looks the way it is and our teachers are paid the lowest in the entire eu , but yeah we have surplus, 
  why do n't you want one of your major supply factory chain to join ? 
  in other words : we want to keep our main advantage which is to remain cheap supply factory region with low salaries . 
  so , big corporations ( like the one which babi\u0161 has ) can keep making fatty profits without pressure for change . 
  but , for voters we have to make it about : `` bad euro , bad brussels , local politicians the best '', 
  yes , i 've noticed . 
  i have been on the top of montparnasse and the view is great from there . 
  the montparnasse tower is n't exactly outside of the historical core, 
   \u010cez is a great and a successful company what ? 
  apart it 's majority state owned company with many scandals going into politics , they had also many bad management faux pas and investments . 
  they had to withdraw from numerous countries in balkan and they lost tons of moneys ( incl . 
  money of taxpayers ) . 
  yes , \u010cez is joke itself, 
  ridiculous !, 
   anti-immigration hysteria this . 
  our politicians and media has created this massive circus . 
  it 's ridiculous , but people belive in it . 
  i 'm from countryside but living in prague . 
  when i go home , they ask me `` so how many refugees have you seen in prague , they must be everywhere '' and i 'm like what ? 
  except tourists i have n't seen one muslim so far . 
  unfortunatelly , this is going to be the topic numb . 
  one in both upcoming elections ( parliament , presidential ) . 
  zeman has already started with his `` eu referendum proposal , cos of refugees '' . 
  german society is efficiency driven and they see kids as something which slow them down in their careers . 
  employers do n't help either and they do n't make it easy for women who plan to have kinds . 
  kindergarden network needs improvement and more support from the state . 
  also , old fashioned prejudice is still common - women with small kinds should stay home and cook . 
  germany should take an example from the netherlands in this regard . 
  just talking from experience . 
  my swedish friends told me that they understand norwegian much easier compared to danish . 
   their language is closest related to danish . 
  is n't norwegian linguistically closer to swedish ? 
  have n't you notice , that people with a lots of butter on their heads like klaus , zeman etc. 
  use popular topics to gain some recognition as they are thirsty for spotlight ? 
  klaus does n't represent anyone exept himself . 
  he should rather tell us how he helped to plunder state assets and how he caused our local economical crisis in 1997 . 
  the biggest threat for this country are not some refugees but our local narcissistic selfish criminals who will sell us for penny to anyone who will ask as far as they gon na profit from it ( as we have seen during our history multiple times ) . 
  he was appointed by parliament . 
  also , he was always controversial but not this crazy controversial as in his later years . 
  he wanted to secure his office so i guess he was playing more `` friendly uncle '' card but later , when he had everything he wanted , he went nuts . 
  he disgusted many people and was hated a lot . 
  what is out of the context here , is you talking about event of the past and pointing out how czechia is not welcoming today . 
  you should have used different argument if you wanted to have a point . 
  also , if you would have checked some info , you would know that czechia attracts foreigners from around the globe and the number of expats reached haf a milion and is growing fast . 
  furthermore , klaus is very controversial person here ( similar to le pen or farage ) and to make conclusion about country based on what its populist says ( who is not even in any office currently ) is rather exaggerated and over the top . 
   this is not a welcoming country so you are making conclusions based on something what happened during war and shortly after 72 years ago ? 
  with this kind of thinking , there is no welcoming country in europe then look germany is not welcoming country , cos they killed milions during wwii or bloody italy and their mussolini , not welcoming at all, 
  nah , german surnames has like third of the population here he loves russia personally cuz he loves personal cults and putin in this regard, 
  klaus is very controversial figure here so i wo n't take his stances as something groundbreaking . 
  also , he takes part in climate change denial , he is anti-lgbt , he has connections to people with crimminal history and he helped many `` friends '' to get rich during privatisation of state properties in 90s . 
  i 've spent whole summer on \u00d6land . 
  loved it . 
  beautiful nature and friendly people . 
  bastards . 
  those who control the water cannon should be sent to court . 
  italia needs new renaissance !, 
  it 's the eye of sauron, 
  the colony of vatican, 
  spain is going to [ lava ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uh4dtlj9q9o ), 
  sad to see such despair in russia . 
  it 's like the ussr system just transformed into the new one . 
  their own `` elite '' plunder their country . 
  one thing , why are not all bank accounts and assets of this `` elite '' a.k.a thieves frozen in western banks and their properties confiscated ? 
  slovakia has extensive corruption , but we have our problems in this department too . 
  reforms and euro are more directed to our bad governance . 
  we had always problems with reforms of any kind and debate about euro is endless , while slovakia is about to celebrate 10 years in eurozone soon . 
  slovaks made important reforms in the past and they are members of eurozone, 
  we have bad governance all the time , oligarchs and clientelism , that 's what slowing our progress, 
  theocracy with institution which infiltrated societies around the world for centuries, 
  they 've sent 5 crusades on us , we crushed them anyway, 
  which is kinda ironic since they preach prudence , justice , temperance etc. 
  while they 've mistreated peasants for centuries and enriched themselves at the cost of common folk, 
  we took christians and others as well , but we talk about the ones in greece and italy of which you took 16 and czechia 12, 
  it 's embarrassing since small slovenia took nearly thousand and czechia with 10,5 million took 12 . 
  the hysteria here is ridiculous . 
  damn , so close, 
  we took 12 , are we nice now ? 
  if you agree on something and you sign it then it 's obligation . 
  we agreed to relocate 2600 people from greece and italy . 
  we have relocated 12 . 
  i would understand this hype if we have n't promised this , but it 's just u-turn from our side . 
  politicians do it for votes as the clima is very anti-refugee here . 
  well , do n't get me started with our media . 
  i wo n't trust what idnes or lidovky writes as they follow the agenda of babi\u0161 . 
  the hysteria which our politicians and media created in regards to refugees is mind blowing . 
  well slovakia took 16 so far, 
  well they have to do it since it 's legal obligation on something which was agreed on before, 
  we should compare ourselves to the netherlands or scandinavia , and we have stuff to do in this regard, 
  well he is typical opportunist . 
  he was member of communist party during dictatorship and right after its collapse , he became member of right-conservative party of our ex-president klaus . 
  he was in politics till 1997 after scandal with sponsorship . 
  then he went to goldman sachs . 
  he always took care of his interests as the major goal . 
  how come czechia so good for wind farming ? 
  * `` brexit is an elite project dressed up in rough attire .
