  europe is culturally rich due to its languages . 
  we do n't want uniformity . 
  you have english for international communication . 
  by your way of thinking , most of the languages in the world are useless ( incl . 
  czech ) . 
  language is part of local culture and identity . 
  czech language itself got almost extinct , if it was n't for national revival . 
  i fully support irish language revival , while keeping english so they can become fully bilingual nation . 
  pitty , that we have lost german and we are no longer offically bilingual nation . 
  yes , agree . 
  as i wrote in one comment before : reasons are social norms . 
  transgender people fit better in conservative environment , because they confirm to specific gender and live/marry opposite gender . 
  two men together break traditional `` norms '' in conservative countries , while in the west , there is no need to fit in such norms . 
  here is mine theory : it seems , that more traditional and macho countries find transgender people less controversial than gay people . 
  even in the west , the acceptance of gays is higher compare to trangender people while in conservative countries like poland , or india/pakistan/iran etc. 
  transgender people are more accepted than gay people . 
  reasons are social norms . 
  transgender people fit better in conservative environment , because they confirm to specific gender and live/marry opposite gender . 
  two men together break traditional `` norms '' in conservative countries , while in the west , there is no need to fit in such norms . 
  proper germanisation not the austrian one , you silly / s, 
  good job finland !, 
  in the end , it 's cheaper and more humane , than to left people on the streets for years . 
  let me guess , putin just dived in and found it himself , just like [ amphoras ] ( http://www.comtourist.com/images/large/who-is-mista-putin/vladimir-putin-012.jpg ) before . 
  on the serious note - great discovery . 
  that would punish regular people . 
  if sanctions , then on the ruling members . 
  losing their own wealth is what they fear . 
  i feel some royal blood in my veins , gon na rule over you peasant / s, 
  actually , we had [ friaul ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/soubor:duernkrut3.jpg ) for some time, 
   people do n't want mentally ill to lead their country . 
  so half of them voted for hofer in austria ? 
  it 's hard to believe , seeing poland known for widespread homofobia nad anti-lgbtq attitudes , ahead of central europe . 
  if it 's true , good to see poland going in the right direction . 
  source : [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/job_vacancy_statistics ), 
  ancient heritage , beaches , islands , white and blue , food , hot guys, 
  yes , they were `` considered '' german and their property confiscated after the war . 
  it 's very controversial , because lichtensteins in czechia never percieved themselves as germans , but only as liechtensteins ( also in census ) . 
  there was plan to exempt them from confiscataions and it went almost in force , but communists were taking control already and they overturned the proposal . 
  til we have bordered estonia, 
  british tradition is eternal tradition, 
  many people were just catholic on the paper , because it was kind of expected from you during a-h monarchy . 
  it dropped after wwi , because the state was strictly secular and preferred weaker church . 
  after wwii and during communism , it dropped significantly . 
  there was slight increase after the fall of communism , when people wanted to be part of something what was kind of persecuted . 
  then it went down again till the current state . 
  slovakia is more traditional , so church had fertile ground to re-establish its sphere of influence . 
  we can just watch our politics , it 's comedy for itself, 
  czechia and czech republic are both official , some people shorten it to just czech, 
  eastern eu states would be devastated with such move , especially baltic states . 
  nato is the guarantee of security for many countries in the region . 
  [ here are our cherries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_bohemia_and_moravia ) one of the most controversial is [ semelov\u00e1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marta_semelov%c3%a1 ) , she is completely crazy . 
  her statements include , that occupation of czechoslovakia in 1968 was help from ussr , justice murders were not that bad during communism and political prisoners were according to her just normal criminals . 
  to be honest , czechs do n't trust other czechs neither ( especially politicians ) :-), 
   other eastern europen countries were also under soviet control and there is no evidence of the stockholm syndrome there . 
  what ? 
  stalinist communist party is the third most popular party here . 
  also , there are many czech putin lovers here . 
  well , de gaulle was n't some saint man . 
  each country has its own interests , so understandably he was going to get as much as possible for france . 
  usa has deployed thousands of men to free france and other countries , many died there , obviously it was not for free . 
  they prioritized their strategies and policies due to such huge material and human investments . 
  research by a joint german and czech commission of historians pointed death toll at 30k . 
  propaganda on both sides used data ranging from few hundreds of victims ( communists ) to 270k ( sudeten groups ) . 
  it got much better , there are many works on this subject now . 
  you have to remember , that it was taboo during communism , so no monitoring and research in this matter . 
  he did n't say , that he lives in prague, 
  [ 1963 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057261/ ) and [ 1990 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100054/ ) adaptations, 
  and to other kids as well , has anyone seen lord of the flies ? 
  eyebrows on fleek, 
  we make nice eyebrow, 
  i know , it 's like gun fanclub here . 
  czech republic will never leave , because that would be in many ways suicide . 
  if we are stupid enough to do it , we gon na see bigger wave of emigration than the ones during communism and nazism combined . 
  it 's funny , because the majority of czechs do n't own gun . 
  i find it all hilarious . 
  what do you need the gun for , except hunting and sport ? 
  this is not usa . 
  age is not excuse for such crimes, 
  it could be like in the case of amsterdam and rotterdam . 
  the distance is similar . 
  schiphol is the major airport , with majority of international flights . 
  they could use schwechat as the main hub for various international connections and maintain bratislava airport for local/charter/private flights . 
  they would have to build direct high-speed railway . 
  it could benefit both , slovakia and austria . 
  they collaborate on danube , with twin city liner , but that 's more recreational . 
  you have to take these rankings with ease . 
  overall , european cities are more cautious toward city planning , their history , inhabitants and function of the city . 
  these cities are very close , it would make sense to use one big airport for both with direct high-speed connection to their city centers . 
  i have lived in both cities . 
  while prague is more aesthetically stunning , vienna is better planned . 
  this goes back to history , when vienna was enormously booming in 19th century , while prague was old provincial city . 
  the tradition of good city planning is still the biggest asset of vienna . 
  they plan the city for its inhabitants , carefully and with smart solutions . 
  other cities are often victims of different interest groups and the overall well-being of the city is on the second track . 
  example is public transport , prague has good public transport , but vienna has great public transport . 
  while they started to build metro latter compare to prague , they have almost 6 lines now , prague has 3 and has constant problems with the development of other lines . 
  cars were often priorotized in prague , now we have smog problems . 
  prague is percieved by many local politicans and `` businessmans '' only as money-maker incubator . 
  belonging to the genre of venus figurines carved predominantly during the era of gravettian art , this item of prehistoric art was found at a stone age settlement in the moravian basin south of brno , in the czech republic . 
  since then , further extensive digs have unearthed numerous items of ceramic art dating back to paleolithic culture , including more than 700 animal figurines , all fired in the primitive kilns at dolni vestonice .
