  it seems , that common folk had it always difficult in the uk . 
  hopefully , the rich wo n't go over the top with their privileges otherwise they might sparkle some kind of revolt . 
  french revolution realness . 
  i find it ironic , that poorer and less educated people voted overwhelmingly to leave , hoping for better conditions and to punish elites . 
  in the end , they are the ones who are going to be screwed over by the exact elites telling them to leave . 
  the inequality in the uk is the highest in the entire eu . 
  this is going to rise to the new highs . 
  upper class is going to get more tax breaks and the poor are going to loose more state services . 
  it seems , that the common folk is going to carry the burden . 
  still , i do n't think it 's going to be something big . 
  the elite and rich are not going to hurt themselves . 
  it 's not going to be really `` hard '' or they find some common ground in the end . 
  so , is that mean a hard brexit ? 
  sweden ? 
  are you sick ? 
  hope you get better, 
  prague is truly gay hot-spot , because it attracts lgbt from the regions and nearby rather homophobic countries like slovakia , ukraine but also from the west a lot . 
  other big cities have very small gay scene , bigger is in ostrava . 
  countryside is still closeted . 
  many people there hide their orientation . 
  southern and eastern moravia is religious , so they tend to be more homophobic there . 
  sadly , normal in the world is lack of education and superstition . 
  yes , there are parts of the world where women ca n't vote , where evolution is heresy , where marrying 7 years old girls is common and where female mutilation is still prevalent . 
  that does n't mean , that it 's ok . 
  so you will get ugandan and bangladeshian instead . 
  i do n't know how it will go in slovakia in that case with its nationalism . 
  i was thinking about the rest of eu , but damn russia . 
  it 's sad to see where it goes there . 
  one of the biggest factors for higher female unemployment and lower salary is long maternal leave . 
  we have one of the longest maternal leaves ( 3 years ) and if you have second child right after , then it 's 6 years . 
  you are out of employment for 6 years , your collegues meanwhile specialised and they might overtake your position , you lag behind , you need shorter shifts to care about your childern , which unfortunately again lower your chances in competitive environment . 
  men get higher up , because they do n't face such `` obstacles '' in their carreers . 
  state , neither companies help women with maternity care . 
  there is underdeveloped system regarding child care , and ironically , it was more developed during communist time . 
  women ca n't place their small kids to pre-kindergarten or kindergarten facilities as they are not there or are full of capacity . 
  companies do n't create their kindergartens , except few . 
  another limitation are working hours . 
  to find part-time in the czech republic is very difficult . 
  companies do n't offer such positions , which is in quite a contrast to i.e. 
  netherlands , where most positions offer fewer working hours ( both for women and men ) so they can care about their kids . 
  so , instead to help parents to get faster to employment and support people to have kinds , the system encourage you to exact opposite . 
  with current labor shortage , it 's quite mindblowing why they do n't exploit this potential of people who need to and would like to work part-time or 60 % , 80 % . 
  when you are gay and you get frustrated in your country sometimes , remember there is poland, 
  we do n't have proficiency as high as the dutch for instance , but it 's till ok and above the eu average ( looking at eurostat and ef epi index ) . 
  labor shortage is in many countries and germany is a good example . 
  the main advantages beside cost , are already exisiting supply chains , infrastructure and location . 
  let 's see . 
  it was said , that it could be somewhere north of prague . 
  there was even [ thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/5dn3rq/new_tesla_gigafactory_might_open_in_the_czech/ ) about it . 
  it 's all speculations though . 
  it seems , that germany is one of the biggest candidates . 
  i 've read about spain , czech republic and others as well . 
  we know for certain , that it 's not going to be in the uk . 
  the time when your microwave will go after you, 
  you know , the future of military is not about tanks, 
  do n't look for logic in a religion, 
  russia is in despair . 
  that 's why they 're using their old army to threaten , because they have nothing else . 
  year by year is russia less capable of war , because their systems are old , they do n't innovate , and they lost credibility on the world stage . 
  nato is present in the east of eu to solely deter russia from any thinkable action against eu countries . 
  as weak and frustrated russia is , it increases possibility of desparate bite . 
  russia as superpower is long death and only russians have problem with realising it . 
  their attitude will further weaken them in decades to come and russia will become more of periphery than is today . 
  you clever hungary !, 
  one-way ticket for orb\u00e1n on mars, 
  look at the beautiful lothl\u00f3rien there . 
  nobody can find us . 
  no orks shall pass / s, 
  bohemia , the center of it all < 3, 
  go netherlands !, 
  it 's more like russians are used to it . 
  they had n't some products decade ago , so they wo n't have it again . 
  they take it as natural occurrence . 
  they do care about money though . 
  this is the bigest fear of their kremlin mafia leaders , that the folk might turn against them if it goes very bad . 
  kremlin offensive is the nationalistic card and taking attention to something else . 
  who believes in this shit ? 
  and i believe that aliens will contact us in 2020, 
  russia has been always difficult place to manage and modernise . 
  it 's pity , that even today , russia is going down the path . 
  i mean , peter i tried hard to bring russia to modern europe and others before and after him . 
  on the other hand , it seems as difficult task to do as we can see even today . 
  ordinary russians do n't even realise , that they are taken advantage of by their corrupted elites . 
  it was never easy for the ordinary folk there . 
  the coup was co-orchestrated by soviet bolsheviks . 
  you have to keep in mind , that the fate of post-war europe was drawn during the war already ( yalta conference , etc , . ) . 
  we were thrown to the soviet sphere and they made sure to keep us there . 
  also , our typical allies france and uk were in distrust here due to their betrayal before war . 
  all of this played well for soviets . 
  http://www.rferl.org/a/foreign-fighters-syria-iraq-is-isis-isil-infographic/26584940.html russia is basically fighting some of its own citizens there, 
  russia is transparent to the whole eastern europe . 
  it 's like to read in a disney book . 
  interestingly , russia is one of the most isis-fighter producing countries, 
  vast emptiness , cool pic imagine your car breaks there and you have no signal, 
  azores , my dream destination, 
  but how much effort does russia make to understand others ? 
  relationships are based on understanding and mutual respect . 
  if you gon na behave abusive and ignorant , then you are not respected but hated . 
  it 's a typical part of russian mentality . 
  no wonder , when they were brainwashed for generations .
