  men marry the most women form : ukraine , slovakia , russia and vietnam 1 out of 10 marriages is with foreign national in cz . 
   lada niva oh , that could work probably, 
  i like how the russians are so use to it . 
  they drive like nothing unusual :-) . 
  im just curious what would be the best car for such conditions ? 
  some like lightweight car brand, 
  yeah , russian men die early coz of vodka, 
  czech rep. not good in this stat . 
  there is a lack of part-times for mothers or fathers on maternal/paternal leave . 
  also , there is a shortage of kindergartens and the private ones are freaking expensive . 
  state should do more in this regard if we want more babies . 
  they want only money and that 's it . 
  they will ask for more gradually `` gib money , if you do n't , we flood you with immigrants from morocco to pakistan '' . 
  eu is making deal with quasi-dictator , semi-islamic , smuggler state with enormous corruption to `` protect '' us from uncontrolled migration . 
  this is giving turkey enormous power over eu . 
  saddening , how far the eu goes to let itself to be humiliated . 
  btw . 
  what about lebanon and jordan who host most of the syrians ? 
  they wo n't be helped , coz turkey eats the whole cake - ok i got it . 
  why ? 
  come on , rome is beautiful . 
  i loved it there . 
  the truth is , that within 4 days he could check both berlin and prague . 
  the train is 4 hod 31 min between prague and berlin . 
  yes , but now it 's a mess, 
  r/europe makes you tougher :-), 
  i like this guy . 
  he seems like he does n't belong to middle east . 
  :-) ok david copperfield, 
  oh true :-) scusa edit : actually , did n't you edit it after ? 
  now i am confused , coz i saw eastern, 
  prague is central not eastern, 
  all 3 are great !, 
  berlin is the biggest one . 
  very vibrant , kind of hippie , great for the history of 20th century . 
  prague is very beautiful from the visual aspect . 
  old , architecture from every epoch , good prices , cozy . 
  rome is like open air museum . 
  ancient monuments , vatican , food and gelato, 
  why are we turning away from the truth ? 
  daoud knows the situation in arab world better than his attackers . 
  the truth is that sexual education is taboo in the arab world . 
  young men and women do n't get much in touch with each other . 
  the society is separated by gender . 
  no wonder , why europe is a different planet for many of them . 
  education and free world values are the key . 
  i think zero , we do n't have euro . 
  zeman is old narcissistic egoistic figure with no power whatsoever , the only thing he can do is to bark . 
  who wants to follow the real politics of cz , has to follow our pm, 
   seems he 's still pretty popular/populistic and he 'd have high chance in next elections which would be pretty sad news for the state of czech society, 
  why so bitter ? 
  they like only germoney / s, 
  pls no !, 
  he is a joke , nobody takes him seriously, 
  good joke and the golden raspberry goes to ... 
  this is some buls * it, 
  yes , the skin tone in korea is different from the one in vietnam as is different korean skin tone from european . 
  you ca n't compare south korean pop stars or tourists coming to france . 
  they all use sun protection with high spf , whitening creams etc. 
  if you want to know the natural skin tone of korean people , look at pictures from north korea for instance , they have natural bare skin there . 
  yes , there are some koreans with naturally lighter skin then is the average or they have double eyelid , but those are exceptions and the majority wants to achieve this look because it 's depicted as the beauty standard there ( massively supported by media , k-pop , cosmetic companies etc. ) . 
  south korea sets the trend for the whole east asia due to it 's media , music , fashion , cosmetic etc. 
  influence . 
  no , i am saying that the natural average skin tone of europeans and east asians is different ( lighter in europe ) . 
  coincidentally , the map shows it as well regarding this point ( which does n't mean , that the map is accurate as a whole ), 
  europeans tend to like tanned-summer skin . 
  every region has different beauty standards . 
  when taken the natural skin tone , europeans have lighter skin compare to east asians ( as is depicted on the map actually ) . 
  you have to look behind the makeup and solariums . 
  i like italian , it 's melodic and funny . 
  also french is nice . 
  but you have to add , that pale skin is the `` beauty standard '' they want to achieve there . 
  they use sun protection creams , whitening creams , summer umbrellas etc. 
  how is it called when someone wants to kill your friend and what you do is to bring him in the front of the killer , strip him of any defence weapons and watch the murder ? 
  i get your point , but to sacrifice one country to save some time is not truly sympathetic gesture . 
  also , munich agreement should be added . 
  scary . 
  you can see , how far russia got . 
  it 's like , if we would see a massive queue in the front of the bust of hitler in germany . 
  actually , russia resembles germany of the thirties . 
  failing state with bad economy and complexes from the previous lost war ( cold war ) , hating on everyone for its problems ( except itself ) , with dictator in the lead and poisonous ideology . 
  interesting times ahead of us . 
  scary !, 
  i 've read , that not even half of those who have escaped out of the ship survived due to by hypothermia and drowning on the sea . 
  also , survivors were mostly young strong men , the others just have n't the strength . 
  we ca n't imagine what kind of hell it had to be . 
  read about it , terrible disaster, 
  damn , swiss have aircraft carrier, 
  it was probably due to the friendship of king james and rudolf ii ( the king of bohemia ) . 
  shakespeare reversed the characters of the rulers of sicily and bohemia in the play , most likely due to political sensitivity . 
  oh true , let 's not forget that . 
  thanks hamburg !, 
  as a matter of fact , [ shakespeare gave us coastline in his winter 's tale ] ( https://books.google.cz/books?id=gupdagaaqbaj&amp;pg=pa248&amp;lpg=pa248&amp;dq=seacoast+of+bohemia+shakespeare&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=yywyloiob7&amp;sig=f932mhdpqp0pinzpmolgdo3i6pg&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjozjxbgqflahxbn3ikhvthaxaq6aeisdaj#v=onepage&amp;q=seacoast%20of%20bohemia%20shakespeare&amp;f=false ) . 
  thanks william !, 
  the best beer on the world is the best defender , enemies gon na party with yo, 
  that 's our submarine :-), 
  similar to [ `` czech navy '' ] ( http://www.lidovky.cz/foto.aspx?r=ln_domov&amp;foto1=mev3e1b1e_dom2mir.jpg ) m\u00edr , the only ~ ~ ship ~ ~ boat in the ownership of ministry of defence, 
  russia does rather than building its country , destabilising itself and the whole region . 
  obviously , ukraine should join when the situation is not as explosive as it is now . 
  i am not saying that they should join nato at this moment , but as soon as they are ready,
