  the external borders are the ones which need to fix !!!, 
  pls send juncker to greece and let him witness what he helped to cause, 
  love this movie . 
  bbc wants that you visit classical concert , where you can enjoy it, 
  i like the spaniard and slovene, 
  no surprise . 
  dictator 's family members and supporters are close to criminal activity themselves . 
  so where is the truth ? 
  yesterday i 've read , that only 3 attackers were refugees . 
  today , most of them are refugees . 
  also , what 's up with the north africans ? 
  moroccans and algerians always lead the sexual harassment statistics , what is with them ? 
  is like harassment acceptable in their societies or is there any other reason ? 
  glad , that syrians are not the ones causing troubles . 
  i think , they are different from north africans and many other arabs . 
  beautiful, 
  here they go ... , oil is the only thing they have so . . 
  waiting for the oil free world . 
  we have to support new technologies . 
  do n't take it from me/s, 
  this video is weird, 
  good !, 
  let 's hope , it stays for a while, 
  he is like he could fit in the old painting, 
  greece was invited but declined invitation , then wanted to come and then declined again, 
  i do n't know why some of them stay there when clearly gb does n't want to take them and they have the whole eu in front of them ... naivety , limited intellect , their lifestyle , laziness , fool expectations , ? 
  ... could be anything, 
  exactly !!!!, 
  nicely said !, 
  those ppl . 
  in calais are not refugees to me . 
  they are in france !, 
  and they have open borders to almost every state on the european continent . 
  if they wanted , they could apply for asylum in other 27 states , start to integrate , learn languages , start to work . . but no . . they will stay there and do they craziness . 
  poor local people . 
  that is one of the many arguments of the anti-eu sentiment there ( actually , the eu immigrants have higher employment than the locals ) . 
  the biggest dissatisfaction seems to be the overall eu policy and franco-german dominance of the union . 
  the current eu approach to immigrants is massively fuelling the anti-eu side . 
  the eu referendum gon na be interesting, 
  london does n't mind poland much , but the policy of berlin, 
  i do n't know in other countries , but people fear the religion the most here . 
  we are not religious , so we do n't get strongly religious people - and islam is one of the strictest out there . 
  to be honest , people do n't want it here . 
  i think , it should be respected . 
  very very very moderate muslims could successfully integrate here , but anything opposing our secularity would meet with strong antagonism . 
  they might regret it nowadays :-), 
  i guess , he is not comparing refugees to it ( though most are immigrants ) , but the whole situation we are facing at this moment . 
  the refugee situation just showed us the big problems we have as eu . 
  we do n't make decisions together , but are forced to take the stance of the more powerful one : german or franco-german one . 
  this is not how the eu should work . 
  when the refugee crisis started , numerous countries were saying that the illegal route is a disaster and we have to stop it . 
  instead , germany took their own stance and ignored the rest , flooded their countries with immigrants stretching from maghreb to pakistan . 
  when they were saying , that syrians are just a fraction , they were ignored again and so on and on . 
  it showed , that eu is actually driven by germany and for all of us who waited for some common eu response to this situation , this was a huge disappointment . 
  people started to realise , that eu wo n't solve anything ( unless germany wanted ) and it all affected elections throughout europe ( and it will continue in upcoming elections ) . 
  far right is growing and they 're living from the fears and uncertainity , caused by the failures of common eu policy and lack of visions for the many crisis we have to face ( syria , russia , turkey , lybia , brexit , greece , ... ) . 
  during the hard times and failure of the system ( eu ) , people tend to stick to the national states and anything which give them the illusion of certainity and stability . 
  so , i do n't blame v4 for their try to do something ( even if it does n't solve the whole thing ) , because the time is up and the stability and peace in europe is the priority number one . 
  upvoted . 
  yeah , austria got it right on the shoulders . 
  i fell really bad for you as for every state on the route . 
  if we were in your place , people would have gone completely mad here . 
  the illegal route has to be stopped , before eu falls in to the internal clash . 
  legal channels for real refugees should be provided though ( but in the refugee camps in turkey , jordan etc. 
  and not in greece where we feed smugglers and letting non-refugees in ) . 
  good for the start , we add the one we have on elbe / s, 
  let 's call london , if they would stay without berlin, 
  possibly , but it also helped the rise of far right throughout europe and diminished the integrity of the whole eu, 
   i also do n't understand why ~ ~ v4 ~ ~ germany is in the eu , they do n't seem to like it or care about it . 
  i guess , we could ask germany the same question, 
  the next move has to be the help for greece !!!, 
  if the ground route is stopped , there is still the sea route wide open . 
  also , there should be hot spots for the real refugees . 
  there is strong partnership between both countries . 
  this coming from italian politician ? 
  positively surprised , good move italy !, 
  do n't let vatican to go beyond their walls, 
  we are like the chill out kids who gets along with everyone in the class :-), 
  we 're cool , we do n't have real enemies . 
  due to our membership in nato , probably russia is watched closely . 
  none in modern times . 
  historically , maybe austria , bavaria , hungary and the catholic church, 
  i think , before criticising merkel , french should look at their own politicians who failed with immigration for years and years i.e. 
  illegal maghreb immigrants from france causing troubles in germany, 
  it 's not that easy . 
  they got 5k each day maybe more and they ca n't return them to turkey ( int . 
  law ) . 
  also , greece is not money rich at this moment . 
  they need people , equipment , technologies etc. 
  and eu countries should help them with it !, 
  + we have to negotiate with turkey and stop it right there . 
  i 'm sorry for greece actually . 
  it 's ridiculous how many eu countries did n't help since the beginning and instead complained about how the immigrants are treated and left on islands etc. 
  now , they are turning back on greece again and sealing the borders , leaving greece on the verge of this humanitarian catastrophe . 
  it 's shameful . 
  the whole eu should come together and assist greece with the influx . 
  we should also cooperate with turkey on this ( but it does n't mean to be threatened by them ) . 
  exactly !, 
  greece is the one who needs help with the influx . 
  we should also cooperate with turkey , but it does n't mean to be blackmailed by them .
