  baltic tribes lasted the longest ( they are related to slavs but they are not slavs ) . 
  they were converted often forcibly . 
  there have been number of crusades against them and it was also the reason why teutonic order ( german catholic warriors ) established itself in prussia . 
  prussia itself was the homeland of old prussians - indigenous pagan baltic tribe , which was wiped out and remnants were assimilated . 
  what about [ goat heads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svi%c3%b0#/media/file:svi%c3%b0.jpg ) ? 
  lucky bastards, 
  and chips ? 
  actually , the last pagan area was in baltic region ( mainly lithuania area ) till 14th century, 
  volcanoes , geysers , icebergs , icelandic ponies , sagas , bj\u00f6rk , sigur r\u00f3s , reykjavik , hungry banks , they eat rotten sharks , their surnames contain suffix * d\u00f3ttir * for women and * son * for men, 
   catholicism is basically non-existent here . 
  lithuania is known as the most religious from the baltics . 
  also , homophobia is widespread there . 
  rape ? 
  rape is everywhere as well as violence against women . 
  was n't in russia recently , that they softened the law in regards to domestic violence ? 
  russians are mostly middle class leaving russia due to security reasons and searching for better prospects for their kids . 
  they relocate their families here while many still work in russia or have still income from there . 
  also , they try to secure their wealth so they invest in properties , companies etc here , cos they know they could potentionally lose it all in russia ( political and economical instability ) . 
  czechia is basically their back up plan in case russia would go down the drain . 
  oh , the time when millions of european elves sailed to americas, 
  if it would be a `` joke '' said by some pub redneck with limited intellect , i would just say : whatever , he 's dumb . 
  but , when it 's said by the head of the state , that 's quite alarming, 
  when have you have n't been embarrassed because of him ? 
  you 're welcome and congratulation !, 
  great voice, 
  she is said to have the longest legs in eurovision and she hides them behind the ugly skirt, 
  hamburg is coming, 
  uk with great vocals, 
  when mans was going into his pocket ... 
  norway has great intro, 
  he has aboriginal roots and they have beautiful eyes, 
  voters of ks\u010cm ( communist party ) and only time 'll help us get rid of them as they are mostly old people, 
  the song i listen over and over is from bulgaria . 
  the performer i watch over and over is from israel . 
  she liked to have a lot of children and then use them in the marriage policy . 
  she was cold to them but had favorite one m. christina . 
  it got to r/all, 
  check if it 's diamond, 
  she is strong viking woman, 
  israel is hot, 
  bulgaria was great, 
  actually , it would be [ gaulish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaulish_language ) in the case of france . 
  yes , area of austria , bohemia , bavaria , switzerland and eastern france was the celtic homeland - the [ hallstatt culture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hallstatt_culture ), 
  venedae/wends is another name for slavic people . 
  it 's historical name for slavs living near germanic settlement areas . 
  we 're celtic here . 
  boii the best tribe !, 
  coal stronk in polan, 
  they let women vote in 1971 and one canton as late as 1991 and only thanks to supreme court . 
  switzerland is pretty conservative country . 
  every czech media i have read i.e. 
  this is the official police estimate, 
  the thing i like the most is the humor czechs use when protesting . 
  it 's about ex-communists turned capitalists and oligarchs who influence our politics . 
  it 's not only about babi\u0161 and zeman but also about kellner , k\u0159et\u00ednsk\u00fd etc. 
  the relation with russia is in the way that this is the new normal in russia and we do n't want the power of oligarchs and politicians protecting them here . 
  there was rumor , that we could get [ kladsko ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c5%82odzko_land ) back . 
  poland wanted to exchange it for the whole [ teschen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cieszyn_silesia ) region , but this was unacceptable for the czech side . 
  since we have been with austria , we lost our territories cos austrians do n't know how to win a war, 
  armenia is really good, 
  i 'm ready to be his queen, 
  high culture , fashion houses and couture , paris , lyon , great cuisine , provence , strong pharmaceutical and beauty industries , love-hate relationship with england , former colonial power , french are socially conscious and they have strong labour unions , very diverse countryside from alps and mediterranean to the north sea and atlantic, 
  all sides did the same : germans , allies , soviets , japanese ... 
  it 's disgusting . 
  men took women as trophies and they wanted to humiliate them . 
  war release the worst human traits . 
  we celebrate the innocent who helped to free much of europe from the nazi death avalanche . 
  we might not agree with soviet union and its political aims , but we remember the ordinary who fought for their lives , their families , for the idea of europe without nazis and to end the bloody war . 
  like hitler would leave them alone, 
  are they talking about putin ? 
  they just had nazi uniforms and fought for them in a war, 
  well it was liberation from the eminent enemy , what came later is another story, 
  both are right . 
  you are right with the historically correct dates , but today 's date is the one chosen officially as celebration of liberation from fascism and it 's bank holiday . 
  nah , so far there are baltic flags trying to make excuses of their nazi past, 
  true , but in that time , people were not thinking this way . 
  there was no army , civilians and partisans fought against professional nazi soldiers . 
  snipers were shooting people on the streets , nazis killed 7000 people there in four days . 
  those ss estonian soldiers marched to prague to help nazi slaughter of civilians . 
  so when they were caught by partisans , they were seen as eminent death threat . 
  sad in today 's perspective , but those soldiers were in a bad place and bad time . 
  so you see , ethnic slovaks were killed during nazism in masse as well ( not only slovak jews and roma ), 
  yes , but it was during prague uprising . 
  nazis were killing people in the streets , so there was a little mercy when nazis were caught . 
  what ? 
  slovakia was fascist , but it also lost thousands in fight with nazism i.e. 
  slovak national uprising . 
  it get a bit weird with baltics regarding wwii topics . 
  they seem to be glorifying their nazi past sometimes . 
  they should keep in mind that nazis are evil numb . 
  one in much of europe and that most countries have horrific experience with them . 
  they were ss soldiers , so i guess they were not communists or anti-fascists, 
  sad , but they were our enemy at the time . 
  ss troops were not really welcomed here , does n't matter german , estonian , slovak ... 
  thousands of churches and in few of them are masses ( 3k masses but in the same churches ), 
  churches are maintained , but mostly as a cultural heritage . 
  few have regular masses , except christmas midnight mass . 
  yeah , but 13 % is really low in the european context . 
  the number is going to drop even more since most believers are from the old generation . 
  welcome in telenovela,
