  in 1986 , the skeletons of two young men and a woman , marked by ritualistic injuries and annointments , were excavated from a shallow burial pit at dolni vestonice , underlining the ceremonial significance of the site . 
  measuring 4.4 inches in height and 1.7 inches in width , ( 111 mm x 43 mm ) the venus of dolni vestonice is made from local clay mixed with powdered bone and fired in an earthen oven at a relatively low temperature about 1300 f , or 700 c . her characteristics are consistent with those found in most other ivory or stone venus figurines from the same period . 
  for instance , she has a featureless face , devoid of any detail , enormous pendulous breasts , and wide hips and buttocks . 
  an uneven crack runs along her right hip , while there are four holes in the top of her head , possibly fixture points for herbs or flowers . 
  in 2004 , a scan of the figurine 's surface revealed the fingerprint of a child aged 7-15 years , although he/she is not thought to have been the ceramicist involved . 
  lisbon and porto , historical naval power , beaches , football , uni . 
  let 's hope they build it soon . 
  czech side is very slow in infrastructure development though . 
  they need money , so that 's what makes them to cooperate, 
  there are officially 1664 nationals of turkey here . 
  many of kurdish background . 
  the [ town ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaujwut4usm ) seems to be nice too, 
  [ de gaulle was into qu\u00e9bec ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canada\u2013france_relations#tensions_over_the_status_of_quebec ), 
  [ it 's quiet border ] ( http://www.crackingace.com//wp-content/gallery/first-church-of-springfield/moes-next-to-springfield-church-movie.png ), 
  it might go the other way erdo !, 
  pity , we did n't get to taste it . 
  damned iron curtain . 
  it 's unfortunate , but france has history with similar `` political empowerment '' in quebec . 
  we are surrounded by religious hell eastern germany , our best buddy < 3, 
  i mean , is this for real ? 
  lol , kids in kindergarten are more mature, 
  it 's getting more and more ridiculous . 
  akp is into conspiracy theories . 
  lol, 
  that 's why i 'm asking, 
  how he tested the town 's inhabitants ? 
  accurate from my personal experience . 
  when taking internship in vienna , i had 2 turkish colleagues , one from istanbul and the other one born in austria to turkish parents from konya . 
  istanbul one was worried about the situation in turkey and about where erdogan takes the country . 
  austrian one was erdogan fan as well as her entire family . 
  istanbul one explained to me , that many european turks live in a bubble , they watch turkish propaganda on tv comfy in western societies while they do n't have day-to-day experince from turkey as turks living there . 
  greece can say this about the coast of asia minor, 
  well , they can always go to turkey to see him, 
  [ spaniards have learned it the hard way ] ( http://mentalfloss.com/article/65589/super-soakers-when-dutch-used-floods-weapons ), 
  is it massive inland lake or it 's connected to the sea ? 
  take it as a good sign . 
  everyone counts with you on board . 
  polder empire goes inland, 
  each country is going to present its own visions and interests . 
  the problem of v4 is , that orb\u00e1n and pis are hardliners , so czechia and slovakia wo n't associate with them . 
  that 's the spirit, 
  well , balkan has some great songs this year . 
  i 'm living for [ montenegro !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twtqwd3tlaa ), 
  [ `` us evangelicals have been accused of turning their attention to africa and whipping up homophobia with lurid stories about child molestation , bestiality , rape and deadly diseases . 
  `` in america the conservatives are losing . 
  in africa they are winning and the progressives are on the retreat . 
  people are not paying attention to how world religions are taking advantage of globalisation '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/23/africa-homophobia-uganda-anti-gay-law ), 
  catholic church as an institution is one of the most anti-human , power seeking and criminal in the entire human history . 
  i have nothing against believers who are kind , open and tolerant to other poeple . 
  i have problem with this institution , which caused more harm than good during its existence . 
  i can kinda grasp what he says there . 
  kaczynski seems to be pretty childish , he just rants against anyone who does n't share his opinions and worldviews . 
  as a defence , he talks about poland like he is the epitome of polishness . 
  this just proves , that those who go hard for personal gains , see ideology only as a tool to get what they want . 
  after the fall , certain communists just turned 180 degrees to hard core capitalists and used their knowledge and connections to redistribute state property to their hands during privatisation . 
  the top 1-10 % here are mostly former communists with connections, 
  our central bank brought all of this on itself they should have abolish this policy long time ago, 
  yes !, 
  ridiculous, 
  that sounds cool, 
  i do n't get why is abortion banned in ireland . 
  ireland seems to be advanced country , both economically and socially . 
  also , it has very young population . 
  western interests were following : profit from local markets , which they overloaded by own production they bought companies , factories , real estate , land . . for discount prices they recieve dividends yearly , back to home hqs which they use for home investments they completaly eliminated eastern european competition they used both , skilled and unskilled labor , to boost domestic growth military wise - spehere of influence ( which is the interest of usa as well ) strategic geopolitical location , access to rich natural resources eastern interests : to gain freedom ( travel , work , study ) to advance their economies to get away from the sphere of russia, 
  sad, 
  viva finland !, 
  that 's the problem , which quotas wo n't solve, 
   it would be `` you might get sent to bulgaria that does not give good vibes inside eu . 
  how can eastern states like this policy , when you basically send those refugees there as form of punishment - for both refugees and locals . 
  `` look you want to go to germany , no place there , so you go to bulgaria . 
  the refugee is going to be annoyed , but he is going to accept it and is already calculating his escape to the west later . 
  he comes to bulagria , bulgaria starts to invest in him - schools , language course , etc. 
  he does ' t take it seriously becuase he 's not plannig to stay there anyway . 
  due to connections to his community , which is already well established in one of the wetern states , he leaves bulgaria and goes incognito to the west . 
  meanwhile , media in bulagria inform the public , that another refugee who was sent there due to eu quotas , left towards the west . 
  locals are getting furious about this policy and about how they are taken as some gulag country where eu sends unwanted refugees . 
  local populists start to gain in the polls and support of eu decline . 
  meanwhile in the west , incognito refugee is protected by his large community and works as illegal worker or ( what is worse ) in criminal activities to support himself '' . 
  so , unless this whole policy is on voluntary basis , it 's not going to work and it will cause more harm than good . 
  definitely , eu needs to work on common asylum policy and to plan ahead . 
  quotas are not the solution . 
  i 'm personally ok with asylum seekers and those we really want to integrate are welcome . 
  but , the problem is , that they do n't want to come !, 
  some politicians are completely blind to this fact . 
  you ca n't force people somewhere they do n't want to go and expect the local poplulation to welcome them . 
  quotas are the worst solution , it will give arguments to local populists and estrange eu in the eyes of the locals . 
  it has to be on voluntary basis , from both asylum seakers and local population , otherwise this is going to be disaster . 
  i feel , it 's all for domestic audience . 
  half of the country ( and maybe more ) is not fond of the immigration influx and they secretly wish to have similar situation like the eastern states ( where the influx was avoided ) . 
  domestic politicians go with the sentiment in the society , so they turn to be more hardline . 
  this just reminds me , that we are on subreddit which is 90 % hetero male with average age around 21, 
  trade wars wo n't help anyone, 
  austrian domestic politics at its finest, 
  it 's mind blowing , that she has witnessed the last ice age , she has seen all the great mammals of europe incl . 
  mammoths and other pleistocene megafauna . 
  she has seen wild virgin european landscape yet untouched by agriculture . 
  lets the hunger games for tesla gigafactory begin, 
  that is a strong argument, 
  one word : balkan,
