  it 's more seen as tradition than anything else . 
  pretty correct . 
  astrology is a thing . 
  some people are spiritual . 
  also , there is a movement towards nature , pre-christian traditions , neo-paganism . 
  let 's resist catholic jihad / s, 
  fun trivia : because we are so atheistic , vatican consider us as mission territory . 
  they import priests from abroad ( mostly from poland ) , to get as many people as possible back on their religious track . 
  how was it even possible , that he had personal colony , where he could do whatever he wanted ? 
  belgium was not absolutistic at the time, 
  fight against corruption has to be the priority of the public . 
  it 's not easy and politicians give you often the middle finger , but it 's our future not theirs . 
  corruption is a problem in many eu countries , incl . 
  what 's hidden behind `` lobby '' is often buying your people and forcing certain agendas against the good of the public . 
  black sea regions of turkey seems quite different from the rest of the country . 
  what about city state of st. petersburg ? 
  what a psycho system in iran . 
  `` they blame him for collaboration with scientist from foreign , enemy states '' that he wrote article with some scientists from israel or something ? 
  science is about collaboration and pushing knowledge forward . 
  something what theocracy and dictatorship hardly understands . 
  he was truly genius . 
  [ the estates theatre ] ( http://www.estatestheatre.cz/et_history.html ) in prague is the only surviving still operational theatre where mozart performed . 
  that 's called angolan war of independence ( 1961 -- 1974 ) the angolan civil war was between 1975 - with some interludes until 2002, 
  italy makes it easy for us , unfortunately . 
  rise again cappuccinos !, 
  yes , we have a good location in the centre . 
  the best location have benelux countries , between germany , france and the uk + access to the sea . 
  poland does have a good location too . 
  if russia was normal , it would have been even more benefitial position . 
  well , we border bavaria and upper austria , one of the eu richest regions , so the contrast is going to be hard to smear in this direction . 
  our economy stands and fall with germany and eu in general . 
  if eu is going to disintegrate , we are going to be hurt pretty badly . 
  i always find it amusing , that some czechs want the eu to fail , while we are among the first ones to go down the drain . 
  it should have been dealt with smugglers of the mediterranean time ago, 
  [ let her feel her oats !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aecuqh0efgg ), 
  it least , people know for whom not to vote in parliamentary elections next time . 
  i say , defenestrate them . 
  income inequality : [ us above all eu countries ] ( https://data.oecd.org/inequality/income-inequality.htm ) maternity leave : us - no maternity leave obesity index : [ us above all eu countries ] ( http://www.oecd.org/health/obesity-update.htm ), 
  * very religious * recent economic miracle * anti-lgbtq * strong agriculture sector * very proud country and big fighters * krakow and warsaw * not fans of russia , good relations with germany now * truck drivers * marie curie * many jews lived there before wwii * they have sea, 
  czechia has parliamentary election so does norway , slovenia and hungary presidential, 
  i was also surprised . 
  seems like macedonia can into healthcare . 
  results : total scores 1 . 
  the netherlands 2 . 
  switzerland 3 . 
  norway 4 . 
  iceland 6 . 
  germany 8 . 
  finland 9 . 
  france 12 . 
  sweden 13 . 
  czech rep. 14 . 
  portugal 15 . 
  estonia 18 . 
  spain 19 . 
  macedonia 21 . 
  ireland 22 . 
  italy 23 . 
  serbia 25 . 
  cyprus 27 . 
  lithuania 28 . 
  greece 29 . 
  hungary 31 . 
  poland 32 . 
  albania 33 . 
  bulgaria 34 . 
  montenegro 35 . 
  romania, 
  the growth of the whole eu at 1.9 % . 
  unemployment is lowest in 7 years . 
  not true at all . 
  germany , ireland , sweden , spain ? 
  more than 10 000 inhabitants of jerusalem massacred during first crusade in span of 6 days . 
  up to 30 000 massacred huguenots around 23 and 24 of august 1572 is this speed ok for you ? 
  regarding the evolution of church and changes inside the institution over the time, 
  are adoptions , surrogate mothers or sperm donors unchristian ? 
  yet , these things were happening and the church was evolving . 
  the church today is different from the one of peter the apostle . 
  so you claim to be atheist , on the other hand you do n't want the catholic church to evolve and to stay rigid as it is . 
  you use bible as proxy not to have gay marrige , but as you can see , the church does n't follow bible faithfully itself and it evolved in the curse of time . 
  it might take a hundred years , but gay marrige is going to be accepted even by catholic church in the future . 
  you said , that christian marriage is a mean to produce children and there are many gay families with children . 
  so , church should be happy , cuz there they have new souls . 
  it was uneven throughout europe . 
  iberia had inquisition for instance . 
  not good for catholics , since schism started in 16th century, 
  religiousness of developed world is in decline and it should be such . 
  more and more people are atheists or agnostics , or they follow some kind of old cults i.e neo paganism . 
  it 's interesting , that many italians who described themselves as atheists or lgbt , still possess strong catholic attitude . 
  i have come across this many times . 
  often , they contradict themselves . 
  it 's almost like some kind of inner dispute , they are between two shores : they want to be themselves but on the other hand they are still shaped by the strong local traditional environment . 
  because you have to look closely at the particular countries . 
  scandinavia is one of the most developed regions in the world , meanwhile , orthodox countries are stuck in time and slowly declining . 
  church gives you answers for simple questions and sense of order in chaotic times . 
  scandinavians do n't need it anymore , church is not able to offer them answers and it does n't meet their needs . 
  ex-soviet world was in a complete mess and people searched for some kind of stability and order in such chaotic tmes . 
  they returned to church because of that . 
  how do you know , that homosexuals ca n't produce childern ?
