  if they need to sell something to state , they just corrupt ~ ~ lobby ~ ~ relevant politicians and get what they want i.e. 
  famous corruption cases in cz : pandur transporters from austrians , gripens from swedish , highway toll system from austrians ... always without the competition or fake competition and politicians who suddenly opened accounts in tax havens ( obviously via fake companies ) . 
  this is how it works in the wild east . 
  asshole , that 's what he is, 
  rip . 
  terrible !, 
  i was traveling with student buses every month when on erasmus in the netherlands . 
  barcelona is doing good !, 
  [ also as a country , you are not doing bad ] ( https://www.globalinnovationindex.org/content/page/data-analysis/ ), 
  spain is wrong !, 
  it 's $ 36,649.60 . 
  i was like , did we overtake spain already ? 
  not yet , but soon !, 
  the same goes for you , italy . 
  till we do n't take the spot of france , i 'm not happy, 
  it seems like the south did n't transform since roman empire , when it was the rich part due to mediterranean trade with north african provinces , greece , asia minor etc. 
  the shift of european core more north-west seems to have helped northern italy a lot . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i wonder , how are they going to keep with their population growth . 
  the fertile nile banks are not getting any bigger , yet their population is skyrocketing . 
  they are not oil rich neither , to build desert self-sufficient cities like uae or saudi arabia for instance . 
  it 's really interesting , that you have such regional differences . 
  north is one of the richest regions in europe , yet the south is among the poor ones . 
  we might get you in ppp at least soon ( italy : $ 36 428 , cz : $ 32 622 ), 
  i would like to , but many of my countrymen are against joining / :, 
  if we have the same gdp like sicily , it would mean that we are f * cked up / ( :, 
  you are to harsh on the south . 
  spain has many innovative regions so does italy : madrid , barcelona , bilbao , milan , rome , torino etc. 
  [ milano and barcelona are on the same level of innovativeness like prague ] ( http://www.innovation-cities.com/innovation-cities-europe-index-2012-2013/7243 ) for instance + they have better weather !, 
  more than fat bonuses for the few , i 'm in favor of competitiveness based on high quality and innovative products instead of low prices and low wages for the majority, 
  yeah , but greece was kind of extreme case, 
  i 'm in favor of euro . 
  this playing with our currency like china does , is annoying . 
  more interesting is the difference between switzerland and moldova, 
  it always strikes me the huge difference between nominal and ppp, 
  russians are as inconspicuous as a whale in the pond . 
  i think georgia is closer . 
  i know the pic there in the article . 
  it 's the temelin nuclear power station , the austria 's favorite thing about cr . 
  rip, 
  do you have a problem with gays ? 
  i 've used the term european muslims in the context of anti semitism , because it 's widely spread mostly among this group . 
  well , i do n't know what to think about it . 
  it seems to me like pure politics . 
  the majority of european continent is safer than israel and the whole explosive area around . 
  there are interests conflicting each other . 
  it 's in the best interest of europe to keep it 's population , to be safe for all of its citizens with high degree of personal freedom . 
  israel 's interest is to attract as many world jews as possible due to demographic policy of the state . 
  unfortunately , the present european security risks and intense anti semitism among the majority of muslim europeans , shift the the scenario in favor of israeli policy . 
  if european muslims would have been tolerant , there would n't be immigration to israel , which endanger the future for palestinian state there . 
  did n't know , that cancer was evolutionary selected ? 
  i thought , it 's a loss of control over cell propagation , but hey . . as i see , we all have different references, 
  you might be an alien , and yet still homophobic, 
  homosexuality is advantageous for the genetic lineage where it belongs . 
  nature wants to pass genes to another generation . 
  that 's the major goal . 
  homosexuals somehow help their genetic lineage/family with this task . 
  that 's why they were evolutionary selected . 
  or you, 
  i 've explained it already here . 
  please , look above to my comments . 
  yeah !, 
  it 's because we have christian party in the government now . 
  it 's not a defect !, 
  that 's why !, 
  people need education badly , like oxygen to their lungs . 
  well , i would agree that sweden is further , but cr is also very open ( especially , when taking our neighbours in to account ) . 
  i 'm myself from tiny village in southern bohemia , yet the whole family is pretty ok and supportive . 
  my grandparents are actually forcing me to show them my boyfriend ( who i do n't have yet ) :-) . 
  so , it really depends . 
  i think , it helps to people , when someone is openly gay in their circle . 
  they are more tolerant . 
  yeah , you do n't need such father in your life, 
  maybe , because you have bigger russian minority . 
  that could skew the numbers for you . 
  if you think that gays are going to have crush on you or something - well , you might be disappointed . 
  you trust yourself a lot probably . 
  because he is himself closeted gay , they are the worst, 
  i 'm asking myself , why some people have a problem with that . 
  when , there was a survey about it , people mentioned the most that they are afraid the kids of gay parents are going to be bullied . 
  well , people should talk to their kinds about it and explain them , that bullying is unacceptable . 
  homosexuality is ranging between 4 to 15 % among world population . 
  it 's fixed over time , in every region and every race . 
  handicaps are caused by exposure of mutagens , by developmental or environmental damage . 
  you are mixing apples and oranges . 
  very sad, 
  because this was n't really humorous, 
  i would say , the majority is pretty ok with homosexuality . 
  the issue are adoptions, 
   i think it 's a disorder purely because there is a certain way how we are made which is the '' right '' way this is the biggest misconception about homosexuality . 
  if it was evolutionarily disadvantageous for human specie , it would have died during the time of human evolution , but it did n't . 
  homosexuality is as old as our specie and you can find it in many mammals as well in other classes of living organisms . 
  the reason why homosexuality was evolved in so many species , is that it brings some evolutionary advantage to the specie as a whole . 
  while it 's not clear exactly , why the evolutionary force pushed toward homosexuality to be fixed in so many species , as it does n't bring the gene propagation of the homosexual individual . 
  it has been studied that , genes related to human homosexuality increase the fertility of the women in the lineage/family , where those genes are present and where homosexual individual is most likely to be occurring . 
  beside genetics , homosexuality is strongly influenced during fetus development in mother 's womb . 
  mother 's hormonal composition affects the development of the fetus . 
  it has been studied , that with the increased number of male offsprings of the same mother , the younger has always higher chance to be homosexual . 
  this was explained , that with increased number of male individuals of the same lineage , the chance that they will compete among themselves for resources is less possible . 
  and how is this connected to lgbt ?
