  they need some kind of puppets there ( and in middle east in general ) to profit . 
  this is the sad reality . 
  the interestes of eu are secondary , it 's about the interests of france and uk there as former colonists and they act accordingly . 
  finally !, 
  agree , she looks like she could blend in today, 
  daddy deutschland wants you to w\u00f6rk !, 
  slivovica migrants will find paradise in moravia . 
  20 biggest : ukraine 108 k slovakia 106 k vietnam 57 k russia 35 k germany 21 k poland 20 k bulgaria 11 k romania 10 k usa 7 k mongolia 6 k uk 6 k china 6 k kazakhstan 5 k moldova 5 k belarus 5 k italy 4 k france 3,5 k austria 3,5 k hungary 3 k the netherlands 3 k, 
  who wants to work and drink beer , is welcome here, 
  buy more \u0160koda cars as a thank you, 
  they had to come from some countries , right ? 
  or did they just appear suddenly on the sea like aliens ? 
  you just send them to the closest shore from where their boat left . 
  what ? 
  half of those daesh fighters wo n't be able to point out israel on the map . 
  they do n't care about some settlements , they hate western values + many of them are cases of failure , complexes and ready-to-be treated by psychiatrists . 
  australia calling, 
  you can tell , that there is election season in france . 
  they should start with the external borders first . 
  seriously , polls in every single country in eu show , that people want to secure external borders . 
  yet , there is no action whatsoever . 
  alps , sea , forests , ljubljana , on a way to croatia, 
  ( - : * sad face *, 
  i have found this interview from [ 2012 ] ( http://www.ceskatelevize.cz/ct24/archiv/1149811-pro-syrii-nevidim-mirove-reseni-rika-eva-filipi ) , but i 've read some from 2011 as well . 
  she even predicted before the war what is going to happen in syria, 
  the new british empire of tax evaders and inequality is on the horizon, 
  france and ireland can into fertility, 
  the only eternity she is close to , is the one in prison . 
  she must be happy to ruin her own life . 
  trump america can focus on the uk and russia for the 4 years period . 
  meanwhile , eu is going to increase trade with asia , africa and the americas . 
  it 's like naive sheep saying , that wolf is better than bear . 
  ignoring the fact , that she is the food for both . 
  italy is playing too big to fail , but it might turn badly in the end . 
  concerned about italy, 
  i see you , economical miracle in poland and ireland romania could be next, 
  they will be the best tax haven on earth !, 
  i do n't really know , what to think about this . 
  we have problems with building high-speed railways , but we gon na do hyperloop ? 
  something , what was n't build anywhere , not tested and the price is still in the shadows of guesses . 
  i am all for new technology , but it 's good to be realistic . 
  nice !, 
  oh , siberia days in krkono\u0161e, 
  where ? 
  glad i 'm in prague , -8 \u00b0 c here now, 
  that 's true , but you do n't start relationship with `` friends '' , as she says , by threats . 
  i guess , threatened `` friends '' wo n't be so willing to give you what you want . 
  she is playing hard for the public . 
  the reality will be different . 
  she does n't belive half of the things she presented there . 
  yet , she has to present herself as strong politcian and britain as golden egg . 
  funny think was , the fact that britain is stuck in transition , and she said that it wo n't be good for eu . 
  like it 's our fault , that british politicians are not capable of solutions for what they brought upon themselves . 
  proclaimed in versailles , ended in versailles . 
  i guess , he speaks from experience, 
  is n't this trend everywhere at the moment ? 
  i really liked berlin . 
  a lot to see . 
  the european history of 20th century is very present there . 
  very free minded people and vibrant culture . 
  i guess , people who like stereotypical beauty and are more of conservative nature wo n't like it there as much . 
  in that case , yes go to vienna or munich instead . 
  who does n't like boredom , berlin is the place . 
  the beauty is in the eye of the beholder, 
  there is quite a difference between american and european muslim community . 
  as someone said in the comment , many european muslims are attached to their countries of origin and to the culture brought from there . 
  instead , american muslims tend to blend into american society . 
  the same goes for canada . 
  europe has unproportionally larger muslim community , so whole districts and ghetos are easily created . 
  this further decreses the chances of assimilation here in europe . 
  also , muslims who gets to america are usually wealthier , they studied there or are some kind of specialists . 
  there is very low number of poor economic migrants or refugees . 
  the exact opposite is in europe . 
  many poor muslims , often from conservative areas of their home countries , came as guest workers since 60s to the eu . 
  they established large communities never truly intending to assimilate . 
  there was even an idea , that many will return home . 
  eu is very close , so unskilled and poor muslim migrants , reach the shores very easily unlike usa . 
  the fact , that eu is a union of national states with variuos languages and strong national and even ethnic identities , makes assimilation from distinct cultures much harder . 
  who wants to assimilate here , has to really put an effort to absorb the local culture , language and rules of the recieving eu country . 
  yes it 's hard , but you made the choice and the world wo n't adapt as you please . 
  the receiving country might get enriched by various forms of food , arts , peaceful festivities etc. , which is great . 
  but , there are limits to which extend you might act . 
  i think , it 's to please italy . 
  they feel to be left from the spotlight in the eu . 
  i agree , they could choose better italian . 
  it was one big knifey period in the whole europe, 
  i have found one form 2012 . 
  was the split of czechoslovakia : a , good ( 37 % ) b , bad ( 36 % ) c , do n't know ( 27 % ) older people and left-wing tend to think it was a bad decision to split younger and right-wing tend to think it was a good decision i guess , it will be similar for slovakia . 
  it 's important to note , that at the time of the split the majority did n't want it ( on both sides ) . 
  with time , people tend to be less critical . 
  we have never done anything bad to each other in history . 
  our common roots and the fact , that we were surrounded by our `` enemies '' at the time , made us come closer . 
  also , there was strong belive that we are actually one people group just separated by historical reasons . 
  the split was very peacefull and there were even some protests to avoid it . 
  today , i 'm glad that we have two states and we can help each other on the world stage if necessary . 
  well , czechoslovakia lasted for 80 years , and consisted of two nations which were separated thousand years and developed independently . 
  nevertheless , the split was political decision and not people 's decision . 
  people wo n't vote for it in referendum at the time . 
  it explains very good relations between the two countries even when separating . 
  many common policies lasted even after the split .
