  they are not !, 
  that 's the problem . 
  i try to buy products with western labeling . 
  we have to boycott it , otherwise they wo n't change it . 
  yeah , there were some scandals regarding polish food . 
  polish producers are trying to gain better image recently though . 
  great news !, 
  ok , i will clear things for you as it works . 
  czech grocery chains are almost entirely foreign owned . 
  the same goes for many other countries in the east . 
  during the privatization , foreign companies were buying everything of a value because it was all cheap for them . 
  you could buy company for almost nothing and start to profit . 
  czech food chains are almost all german owned with some british , dutch and austrian chains as well . 
  they are multinational companies , so they do n't work on a local level , instead they ship products from one corner of eu to another . 
  because we do n't have local chains ( except few , which have survived ) , we have to buy products in the multinational ones . 
  people do n't have big purchasing power , because their salaries are kept on very low level ( the reason number one , why many investors come , so they are not into increasing salaries obviously ) . 
  before , our products were tested and evaluated in state labs and released on the market . 
  those days it 's not possible as we have common free market , things are shipped back and forth and producers should be responsible for the quality . 
  so , producers came with the tactic of different composition of the indentical products for western and eastern consumers . 
  example from one of the tons of czech articles where the reporters investigate such tactics : they bought the same products here and in germany : results 1/3 had different composition and the price was slightly higher in cz . 
  just some of the tested ones : rama had 10 % less fat compare to german one , sugared drinks pepsi , nestea contained instead of sugar the glucose-fructose syrup or aspartame ( cheaper ) , pork lunchmeat tulip for czechs contained chicken mixture ( made of chicken skin , bones , legs and leftover feather ) , the same one in germany contained pork . 
  caf\u00e9 jacobs kronung had of 1/3 less caffeine compare to indentical one in germany ( czech one was made of robusta - cheap , german one of arabica ) . 
  obviously , all products are from the same producer , they are presented as identical in cz and germany , they have the same marketing , the same look-alike label . 
  when asked producers about their practice of quality and price , they answerd : '' we just adjust our products to the local taste '' ??? 
  many notes were presented to european parliament already . 
  the lobby is strong . 
  many people boycot it and buy only the basics . 
  who can , shop in germany or austria . 
  i shop in the british markets in prague , where they ship it directly from britain ( all made for british consumers with british labels , so you know it 's not made fake for the east ) . 
  many people try to shop localy , from farmers , on local markets , discovering new ways how to buy quality products - so , yes others started to profit . 
  the pressure from people is the only way . 
  same here . 
  it 's a problem in a whole eastern eu . 
  the purchasing power is lower so ppl look for the price the most . 
  western producers and importers using this situation and sell total crap to people in the east and even want higher price for their products of worse quality , then for the good ones in the west . 
  also , they fake the composition of many identical products : for the west - good ingredients , for the east - fake ingredients . 
  when asked by reporters , they say that `` it 's due to different taste preference in the west and east '' . 
  eu should look in to this manipulation , yet there is a huge lobby behind it . 
  true . 
  most of the czech supermarkets are foreign owned and czechs favour price over quality . 
  i 'm talking about the average people . 
  it 's due to low purchasing power of the majority , so you have to look for the price the most . 
  it 's kind of difference in quality ( especially of fruit , vegetable , meat , etc. ), 
  here and in germany , where many people from the border regions go to shop ( yes , it 's crazy but for the same or even lower price , you get better quality in germany where ppl have 3 times higher purchasing power ) . 
  because of the pressure on the price , the quality of the products they sell here , borders with the fact they are still edible by humans . 
  the identical product of the same producer , which they sell in germany and in cz , have actually different composition : good in german one , fake in czech one . 
  the producers always try to avoid such questions from reporters who investigate such cases and say : `` it 's due to different taste preference of german and czech consumer '' . 
  also , things they wo n't sell in western europe are shipped to eastern part of eu , where they sell it for higher price compare to germany , austria , france etc. 
  this practice is terrible . 
  people are getting more aware of this fact and even boycoting some products . 
  yes , it 's free, 
   sorry , i was n't referring to investment in existing businesses . 
  i meant the most valuable investment a country can make ; education and research . 
  many of these business were n't existing 10 years ago . 
  education is a priority everywhere . 
  china has already some world class universities and it 's growing . 
  also , they send thousands of student abroad each year to to top universities . 
  the same goes for cz , we have [ the 19th best education system on the world ] ( http://www.mbctimes.com/english/20-best-education-systems-world ) , our universities are improving as well . 
   i believe growth requires proper infrastructure , a stable business climate and an educated work force . 
  agree, 
  i find it interesting , that far right hate lgbt , yet among them are many closeted gays . 
  if they would have spent their excess energy on protecting their borders in the east , working and doing something useful to boost their economy , that would have been great . 
  well , i like the type of immigrants like the educated syrian refugee and hate the ones like the aggressive somali gangsters . 
  the problem with europe is , that we do n't distinguish between the good ones , educated and socially integratable and the bad mannered , selfish aggressors . 
  we need to pre-screen people coming to europe . 
  if someone makes a crime ( like those somali gangsters ) , deportation asap ! . 
  this is the only way . 
  if they do n't fear the law , if they know they are not going to be deported even if they attack , rape etc. 
  they wo n't ever integrate or respect our laws . 
  well , china is more capitalist than you may think . 
  that 's the reason , why they skyrocketed in the past decade . 
  they will have to continue with relaxing their laws , to keep strong on the global stage . 
  regarding cz , we have great it , biotechnology and nanotechnology sector . 
  all builded without huge subsidies from the state . 
  we need more investment to expand though . 
  and they are right . 
  who wants to succeed , needs to go this way . 
  if china , with its 1.3 billion people , is pushing forward innovative economy , i do n't think it 's going to be so difficult for country with 10.5 mio ... and yes , our price is going to be still big advantage for the years to come . 
  it 's a weird figure this erdogan . 
  i wonder , if the turks really like him so much . 
  the ones i 've met did n't like him , so i wonder why he has such preferences ( maybe rural people vote for him ? ) . 
  i do n't envy turkey its position at all . 
  they have absolutely great geopolitical position for the peace time , but during chaos and wars , they are the ones to feel it among the first . 
  i 'm sad with what 's going on in turkey . 
  i wish , turkey could become strong liberal democracy and example to others in the region , but we can just wish at the this moment . 
  pitty . 
  hopefully , young educated turks take the power one day . 
  the one who kicked god out of people 's lives are these bigoted religious institutions with blood on their hands, 
  it 's so christian from him / s, 
  so good for france . 
  it gets more funding for wahhabi centers in france from saudis as a thank you . 
  damn germans to regret such a gift of 200 wahhabi mosques . 
  radicals seem to have nothing better to do , like protecting ukraine in the east or working to boost the economy . 
  like you need it, 
  very interesting data !, 
  it 's going to be close call . 
  as someone has mentioned , the age structure is also very important ( with people under 40 mostly pro-eu and people over 40 mostly anti-eu ) . 
  yeah , the sad truth + many investors got tax holidays for years to come . 
  instead of supporting local small and medium sized companies , the state likes only the big fishes where there is a chance for some pocket money . 
  so , investors are happy with no taxes and cheap workforce on the level of china , yet much closer to western markets .
