  it 's crazy !, 
  chinese propaganda wherever you look . 
  chinese embassy imports thousands of their own `` trustful '' chinese to welcome their ruler along the streets of prague . 
  they are very loud and aggressive towards anyone who tries to disagree or show tibetan flags . 
  easter celebration is based on pagan tradition , where christians installed some of their visions when conquering pagan europe . 
  unfortunately , the wars were unavoidable ( the imperialistic policies of a-h , germany , russia , france and uk had to collide with each other one day ) . 
  a-h was maybe good for austria , hungary , balkan countries , but not for czech lands . 
  we never wanted to be part of it . 
  if a-h were uk as you say , we would want referendum quite often as scotland does . 
  the only thing , which could work , would have to be some sort of eu - independent states with common economic area with free movement of capital and people . 
  obviously , this was impossible to ever achieve as habsburgs were too old fashioned and austro-german politicians too protective of their own privileges . 
  do n't know . 
  it seems , like anyone south of us has some kind of nostalgia . 
  probably , they are economically and politically frustrated at the moment , so they dream about a-h what they think was `` stable , prosperous and relevant '' , which is the biggest misconception anyway . 
  tgm the best grandpa, 
  no , thanks, 
  hot brazilians come here as well !, 
  czech would be similar to german one . 
  i 'm not a morning bird , so i would prefer italian . 
  middle east is a mess . 
  it will take them this whole century ( probably the next one as well ) of transformation from middle ages to civilised world . 
  it 's the most backward place on earth ( except couple of countries in africa ) . 
  turkey is developed compare to the countries in the south and east of them , but their leaders are frozen in time . 
  hopefully , young educated representatives improve turkey one day !, 
   hassane was studying in sudan makes sense, 
  so , because i said the truth that the majority of muslims are anti-semitic ( which is not a secret ) , am i islamophobic ? 
  * belgium : 68 percent of muslims harbor anti-semitic attitudes , compared to 21 percent overall ; * * spain : 62 percent , compared to 29 percent overall ; * * germany : 56 percent , compared to 16 percent overall ; * * italy : 56 percent , compared to 29 percent overall ; * * united kingdom : 54 percent , compared to 12 percent overall ; * * france : 49 percent , compared to 17 percent overall . 
  * should i lie next time ? 
  is that what you propose ? 
  i like to hear that . 
  wish , there were more like you though, 
  this shocks me probably the most . 
  have we allowed in eu , saudis to sponsor wahhabi mosques , import their hate preachers and spread their form of islam ? 
  the answer is the most shocking thing - it 's yes !, 
  could be sooner , it 's like 20 years after !, 
  they are sick, 
  and then tell me that our eu muslims are not anti-semitic, 
  any connection to this thread ? 
  maybe in your wet dreams, 
  so funny , think twice [ this is the oldest ceramic figure on the world found in the czech republic ( 29-25000 bc ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venus_of_doln%c3%ad_v%c4%9bstonice#/media/file:vestonicka_venuse_edit.jpg ) it portrays women as a symbol of fertility . 
  what you see ? 
  detailed face ? 
  what is highlighted ? 
  : breasts , belly , hips and butt . 
  those were the `` celebrated fertility features '' for milenia . 
  i guess , butt/hips felt like the more appropriate places to touch with spring branches . 
  maybe , who will ever know, 
  ok , i got ya . 
  you like controversy . 
  it is !, 
  definitely cheaper compared to london . 
  let 's add , that prague is one of the most beautiful cities you will ever see !, 
  did you read some explanation of it here ? 
  or you just write some demagogue stuff here, 
  ok , i 'll explain the background . 
  men goes to collect fresh young branches of willow or birch , they make poml\u00e1zka from them ( it 's like the same way you make hair braids ) . 
  they put coloured paper or fabric on the end of it . 
  why young branches of those trees ? 
  because they are among the first ones to be `` full of live '' after the winter . 
  they are the symbol of `` the new life - spring - fertility - beauty '' . 
  people wants `` to transfer these features '' of the new branches to other people - women ( the symbol of human fertility , beauty ) . 
  man touches gently woman 's body by those branches to transfer them those features ( it 's seen as a gift ) . 
  women in regard , give men eggs as a gift ( egg is fertility symbol - new life ) . 
  this is the whole idea behind it . 
  it was nothing sexist in the eyes of pagan people , they awarded each other . 
  you might say : ok , still men got the egg and women just got touched by willow branches . 
  pagan people were natural and believed in mysticism and shamanism . 
  it was an immense gift for them to be rejuvenated by nature in the form of those branches . 
  today , many people do n't know the history and symbolicism of it . 
  they just take it as some event . 
  it 's the same as christmas , the originality of it was lost and only few people know the real meaning of it ( winter solstice celebration - again , thousands of years old celebration ) . 
  if you have any doubts , come to prague during easter time and i give you lgbt easter tour :-), 
  yeah , as i said , some people know how to behave and celebrate and some do n't and being sexist . 
  the sad truth about humanity . 
   when loads of women teenagers ( i kind of understand them )  by horny men teenagers the rest of people celebrate it absolutely normally . 
   great !, 
  me too good , got it from your nickname, 
  well , you should probably see it on your own and then you could objectively judge it . 
  yes , some comments here are rather sexist . 
  why ? 
  because majority of redditors here are heterosexual males in their twenties or less . 
  if there are some incidents during this spring celebrations , it 's coming from teenagers who does n't know how to behave , they get drunk , etc. 
  behaviour of some adolescents does n't give you the picture of how it 's realy celebrated . 
  women and men i know , celebrate it normaly and peacefully . 
  they like easter , so do i. btw . 
  i 'm gay . 
  it 's harmless and peaceful among the majority . 
  some teenagers are being . . you know teenagers . 
  they can be annoying . 
  this tradition was present in various forms in much of europe in pagan times . 
  it 's not how you might be picturing it . 
  i get the teenagers thought . 
  i guess , they might get crazy . 
  yep , birch was much more important tree in pagan time . 
  it was `` the tree of life '' . 
  i guess , willow got much popular , cuz it 's easier to make stuff out of it . 
  krampus and spring celebrations are two totally different things . 
  please , read above about this tradition , where ppl explained the background and how it works . 
  no , it 's just you !,
