  you do n't have to be rich to live there and the majority certainly is n't ( including me ) , but to buy a house you have to be rich . 
  people live in flats , the rich buy houses . 
  `` normal '' people buy houses in the metro area and commute . 
  i wish you were right, 
  so how many are usa gon na take in ? 
  yes , definitely [ london ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f8c5d3e-5620-11e5-a28b-50226830d644.html ), 
  i guess munich and hamburg and all the small towns around alps and bodensee, 
  i do n't know if they mean only houses or flats as well . 
  houses are expensive in prague , flats not as much . 
  who wants house for `` normal '' price , usually buy one on the outskirt of the city and in the regions around . 
  i think , the most expensive capital to buy a house have to be london . 
  but i liked your pavillon . 
  it was quite cute with the swings inside . 
  is it possible to predict correctly for 35 years ahead ? 
  yes , [ coop everywhere ] ( http://www.coop.cz/ ), 
  is n't english originally from denmark , from continent ? 
  + some latin and french ? 
  we take back what 's ours !, 
  the data are adjusted per million inhabitants, 
  they carry their stigma of the past and it affect their decisions even today . 
  they want to appear as pacifist as possible . 
  i have googled some and neither of them was handsome , sorry ( maybe , i am spoiled here in cz ), 
  it 's both . 
  people will look at you ( especially if you are men or if you have a family ) like you are useless and they 'll judge you ( behind your back mostly , but in the way that it 'll get to you ) . 
  your own family will judge you as well , so it 's a pressure for you to get something . 
  if you have a job outside of your qualification , they 'll feel a bit pity for your hard times but mostly they would appreciate your attitude and they 'll wish you all the best for better job opportunity . 
  if you are on benefits , people think that you do n't try hard and that you are lazy . 
  also , when you get to job interviews , they do n't appreciate much that you have been on benefits . 
  we had crisis for 5 years ( 2008-2013 ) , so we are just working on many projects now , which were postponed due to the former situation . 
  also , we are closely connected with germany . 
  if they 're doing well , we should do as well . 
  we have strong industry sector and it seems , that it does well right now . 
  also , i should mention czech nature toward jobs , people work even outside of their specialisation and for lower wages , than they should . 
  to be unemployed is seen as a stigma here ( especially for men ) , so ingeniers and teachers will work as waiters and cashiers if they have to . 
  in some countries they would just wait on benefits , not here really . 
   probably eurostat trying to make us look bad or something . 
  yes , that 's the cause / ^ s maybe , the british statistical office does n't cooperate with eurostat so well and does n't want to give them the data - probably dreaming about brexit already . 
  i 've read that they did n't reform and diversified their economy . 
  they are heavily dependant on tourism and other small services , also agriculture . 
  also , the problem is their fiscal policy which slow down investments + high debt . 
  why is estonia doing so well in the region when compared to finland and latvia ? 
  i 'm from very old families and i have even celtic blood in my veins . 
  i am the true representative of czech nation by blood , and not some fop from salzburg . 
  where is my throne ? 
  i am the first ruler of the new dynasty . 
  you all kneel on your knees before your king !, 
  did i forget to mention , that i am going to be an absolutist monarch ? 
  so , you would n't mind if i become your monarch . 
  i have been there 2 weeks ago . 
  i was surprised about the queues and that it took so long to get into pavilions . 
  italians were very disciplined , czechs would complain a lot to wait just half a hour . 
  i liked the pavilions of azerbaijan , estonia and the italian pavilions . 
  unlike italy and some other ones , many countries took it as a self presentation and there were not so many new technologies or visions on display which would relate to expo theme . 
  btw , the food in milano was amazing !, 
  truth !, 
  czechs never wanted to part of it . 
  maybe , you are [ austroslavist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austro-slavism ) , but they were taken almost as a curiosity . 
  czechs are weirdos , everyone knows it . 
  creeping federation ? 
  we definitely help to make it less creepy with our attitude . 
  ofcourse we wanted to join eu very badly . 
  we just like to complain a lot about everything . 
  i think , eu is a success story for europe , when taken in a nutshell . 
  unfortunately , many have a short memory and like to blame the first thing what comes on their mind . 
  a-h was the prison of nations, 
  we have half a million immigrants , but they are mostly from eastern europe ( ukraine , russia ) or east asia ( vietnam , china ) . 
  there are n't immigrants from levant or muslim countries . 
  that 's why , there is this craziness going on . 
  people fear these immigrants , because they do n't have any experience with them + media massage + the current crisis + populists . 
  i feel ashamed, 
  central european countries are following : germany , austria , switzerland , liechtenstein , czech rep. , poland , slovakia , hungary and slovenia !, 
  * central eastern : czech rep. , poland , slovakia , hungary and slovenia * central western : germany , austria , switzerland and liechtenstein, 
  germany and austria are central e. !, 
  that pic could relate to czech nature :-), 
  ... for slovaks . 
  they were part of the hungarian side of a-h , and very undeveloped . 
  czechs were sending there their teachers , ingeniers etc. 
  also , unlike much of europe , full industrialization of slovakia was achieved after world war ii . 
  i take just the easiest sources now , but i am sure you can dig deeper for info if you 're interested . 
  [ pagaism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_and_paganism ) , [ lgbt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_homosexuality ), 
  christianity just installed itself on already existing pagan traditions and holidays in europe . 
  only this way , they could convert europeans for their thing . 
  pagan europe has shaped christianity more than the other way round . 
  so , europe can freely exist without christianity , as it does for many millenia before . 
  homosexuality was highlighted or tolerated in some societies and persecuted in others . 
  unfortunately , christianity has chosen the negative attitude . 
  catholicism and religion in general , is declining in europe , if you like it or not . 
  the church has changed many times over the course of history and it will happen many times in the future . 
  christianity is not stable as you may think . 
  this faith from middle east is here just for 2 millenia and only 1 millenium when it conquered the whole continent of europe . 
  1 millenium is nothing when compared to european history . 
  the greek , roman , germanic , celtic and slavic gods were here for much longer time . 
  regarding homosexuality , it existed since the beginning of times in every culture and every society , so some made-up doctrine wo n't change it at all . 
  transgender, 
  why should n't i ? 
  do you have a problem with questions ? 
  the church had always problems with questions . 
  unlike then , they ca n't burn me alive for asking . 
  that 's the difference between us , i do n't believe in demons unlike you , but in facts . 
  their belief that homosexuality is in their words an inclination which is objectively disordered , is the wrong thing here .
