  prime minister bohuslav sobotka ( cssd ) welcomed the move . 
  in okrouhl\u00edk , there lived also parson family of four and a single woman , all of them arrived in prague on friday . 
  according to petr janousek from the salvation army , which helped them in the metropolis with accommodation , these people do not plan to move again . 
  another families from project foundation generation 21 live in prague , brno and sob\u011b\u0161ovice in the moravia-silesia region . 
  one family of eight living in brno , is thinking about the return to iraq , because of the nostalgia of grandparents for their native country . 
  fr\u00fddl said , that there are no problems with the prague group and sob\u011b\u0161ovice group , who are satisfied . 
  religion should ' t go above human rights , especially in democratic european country . 
  weird article . 
  he is clearly using the statistics and adjusting them as needed to back the purpose : us is the best , eu not good, 
  obviously , anyone who is native to nagorno-karabakh should be allowed to live there no matter your ethnicity . 
  erdogan 's `` friendly bodyguards and sympathizers '' will take care of them, 
  i 'm in favour of the people of nagorno-karabakh . 
  they have nothing , just their land . 
  corrupted government of azerbaijan and old fashioned one in armenia are causing all the troubles . 
  they had 2 decades to make peace treaty and solve it in some manageable way , what we see today is the result of their `` effort '' . 
  i think , we should judge candidates based on their professionality and skills in their field and not on race/ethnicity . 
  khan 's way of thinking is dangerous . 
  i 'm waiting for liberation of r/europe, 
  france among the top 10 fattest in europe by 2025 ? 
  weird , french diet is good one, 
  rip amazing , creative and visionary person !, 
  love her work, 
  what ? 
  imagine this approach towards wall street , it would have been uninhabited place for a while, 
   many people believe that if you do n't cover your head as a woman then you will burn in hell :-) ridiculous believe . 
  it 's an arabian custom to wear it , why should turks do it, 
  sad , that it did n't remain, 
  true . 
  it 's crazy that it 's actually arabian thing . 
  it came from arabian peninsula and why turkey , iran , egypt , indonesia etc. 
  should adopt arabian customs ? 
  it has nothing to do with the believe , it 's just custom . 
  i think , non-arabian muslim countries should be more themselves and they should embrace their traditions . 
  egypt , iran - such a long history and amazing traditions , all suppressed by the arabian customs . 
  if you are truly into wearing veils , without being forced by the environment and judgment from the society , wear it . 
  unfortunately , that 's not the predominant reason in the majority of cases . 
  i think , it 's sad that women are forced to it and being use to it by the masochist society . 
  humans were not created to wear fabric from the head to toe due to some societal dogma , sorry . 
  it does n't work , but hey ... 
  what the heck ? 
  poland is eu 's texas . 
  we were talking about czechs there , 20 % of them deserted and joined allied powers . 
  who was near front and who could , did it . 
  here you go . 
   isolated incidents . 
  low in numbers ??? 
  [ quarter of million !, 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/tschechoslowakische_legion ) if this is a small number , then i do n't know what 's a big number then, 
  what ? 
  you seem to be confused . 
  yes , we were part of a-h , but the austrian part not the hungarian one . 
  czechs were known for doing sabotages in austrian army , they 've ran towards `` enemy '' and joined their ranks to fight germans and a-h army . 
  we wanted the collapse of a-h and the end of the war more than anyone else . 
  it kind of tells you our attitude . 
  so , wrong example summer child . 
  well , i 'm actually waiting for the smoking ban in restaurants and indoor places . 
  good joke !, 
  do you mean austrians ? 
  we 've never possessed the skills for exterminating whole groups of people or entire nations . 
  it 's your discipline . 
  you and russians are experts in grabbing someone else 's land + doing some genocide here and there . 
  it has to make you proud . 
  you lost the war you bloody warlords , bye, 
  those of us , who can partially see into the heads of russians under the rule of dictatorship , who are familiar with russian mentality , those know , that russia wants to restore its influence as much as possible . 
  they just wan na try , they watch , they seek weaknesses and vulnerability . 
  kindness is weakness for them . 
  they will take piece by piece where it 's easy to take . 
  once you let them somewhere , they will try to restore their influence . 
  for example , if baltic states did n't join nato , they would have been partially taken already . 
  this is how it is . 
  read something about russia , about how russians think , about their frustrations of the fall of their empire , about how they blame west for everything evil , about their hate toward people in the west who are richer compare to them . 
  they see it as a huge injustice , cuz russians are the chosen nation as they were told since the birth , the ones who won the great war and ruled half of the world , the ones who conquered space ... you will hear things like this among the majority of russians . 
  they admire putin , coz he is giving them what they want - the big famous russia which everyone fears . 
  thay wo n't stop fulfiling their big dream . 
  if you are close to russia and you are weak , you should be fearful . 
  `` oh , my sweet summer child , what do you know of fear ? `` you have no experience , but i like your fate towards the rather illusion of pacifist russia and world affairs . 
  only those , who prepare themselves for the possibility of `` winter '' can actually make it through . 
   the russians would get crushed by both the uk and france , probably spain and italy sure / s , they would care just about themselves as they always did and shown many times already . 
  we 've learned hard from the history and it tells you , that you have to rely on yourself . 
  if there is a possibility to make alliance with the strongest player , you do it . 
  location between germany and russia teaches you to have tougher skin . 
  thanks to usa , the two bloody empires : nazi germany and ussr were put back where they belong - to dustbin of history . 
  i do n't mind to be in europe with us presence at all . 
  if this was up to germans , all nations east of them would be exterminated , if this was up to russians , all nations west of them would be ruined . 
  we experienced both of them and no thanks , we do n't have nostalgia for dark ages . 
  we 're happy with usa , like it or not . 
  if there was no usa , russians would have gladly tease much of europe . 
  sad truth . 
  well said, 
  dictators likes to silence people who disagree . 
  the same pattern can be seen for putin or chinese xi jinping . 
  xi is visiting prague , they imported thousands of `` trustful '' chinese who welcomed him along the streets and [ silenced anyone with tibetan flag or anti-dictature statements ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn55sicjxgi ) . 
  it would be interesting . 
  if the western part of turkey would separate and make an independent state , they could actually develop much faster without the kind of middle eastern half . 
  i 've met turks only from the western half and they were pretty european to me . 
  one girl told me , that her mother said `` you can marry a guy till ankara , never from the east as it 's a different culture and you would suffer in such relationship '' . 
  it kinds of tell you the differences among turks . 
  well , assimilation is going to be definitely a challenge for some eu countries in decades to come . 
  double standard and double society is not possibility as many realised recently . 
  a lot of work ahead .
