  i 'm against those municipal councils as they are not objective and can get malicious . 
  during communism in czechia , countryside municipal councils decided about your future - if you could study and get education , if you could work elsewhere etc. 
  often , members of the council intentionally attacked people they did n't like in the village and their families . 
  things like this should be decided by non-interested third party based on clearly given laws . 
   self-hatred is their hobby i have noticed , that poles hate the most other poles with different opinion, 
  space exploration and colonisation have never been as necessary as now, 
  full report : [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/8116090/2-19072017-bp-en.pdf/f2f55a24-ef00-4de7-9f95-4f46af8f3ec2 ), 
  what happened to austria ? 
  i do n't think it 's fair to blame it all on italy . 
  it 's the failure of the entire system . 
  anyone with a boat can pick people up near the coast of libya and transport them to european shore . 
  all you need , is to be faster than the only remaining boat of the coastal lybian security forces . 
  smugglers make fortune on the poor souls and encourage them to get on their shitty boats with holes for thousands of dollars . 
  it 's the country where thracian , slavic , greek and turkic influences meet . 
  mountains , sea , great food , reasonable prices , welcoming people . 
  emigrants from here are mostly members of the gypsy community . 
  they do n't perform well in schools here too . 
  western slovakia is on par with czechia , central-eastern slovakia is lagging behind . 
   by the way , what 's the deal with bratislava and prague ? 
  it 's the same deal as with majority of capital regions . 
  their gdp is boosted due to headquarters of major companies . 
  yep , i think it 's confusing for non-czechs, 
  \u010cechy = bohemia , \u010cesko = czechia or czech republic or kingdom of bohemia, 
  bohemia is one land , but kingdom of bohemia would include all the lands as it was back in history . 
  i prefer czech republic , but i 'm not bothered by czechia which i use sometimes, 
  operating under regular oversight as anywhere else in eu , just using their dominant position on the markets ( as their share is 90 % ), 
  caused by western corporations who bought the local food industry, 
  which is happening and also the subject is pointed out more , while some people ( usually westerners ) live in denial about this, 
  i know , it 's everywhere that you have certain % of bad producers , but the behaviour towards eastern markets is chronic at this point, 
  yes , and here we are again in a circle : we have free open market in eu , goods come and goods leave , producers know regulations but as you see they can also cheat , it 's not possible to test every single product , their cheating is discovered rendomly or when someone point at them - i.e. 
  vw cheating with emmisions, 
  funny that most of the food industry was bought by western corporations, 
  first you have to discover that certain producers cheat , they wo n't tell you that voluntarily, 
  to test everything what comes here , it would cost enormous amount of money . 
  no country test everything what is imported . 
  well as you can see , we are trying . 
  if you have n't noticed , we live in an open free market and imported products from different eu countries are checked only randomly as in other countries . 
  czech standards are one the more strict side and similar to german ones, 
  try czech d1 , it 's very vibration friendly, 
  some humans are cruel monsters , even animals would n't do what are some people capable of, 
  i agree , and now gib us some meer !, 
  this was made in german factory and czech regulations follow eu regulations, 
   the more single market harmonisation there is though , the more it 'll just not make sense for that to continue . 
  i get it , but how come it works in the usa with 50 states ? 
  i get your point , but it 's not the case . 
  consumers wo n't prefere less meat in product , which is also more expensive compare to the identical one in germany . 
  it 's pure exploitation and taking advantage of the common market . 
  it 's not the first time when german companies cheat , remeber vw . 
  it 's ongoing problem . 
  they have strong lobby and it 's hard to make them to take responsiblity here in the eu . 
  remember vw with its emmision scandal . 
  they had to address their consumers in the usa , but they did n't do it to consumers here in the eu `` cos it 's vw '' . 
  it 's ongoing problem which food industry does n't want to address properly . 
  their lobbying in eu commision is also quite sad , but as someone said `` this is capitalism '' . 
  quite rotten version of capitalism !, 
  how dare you !, 
  good question sir , good question, 
  it 's up to everyone , you can believe or not . 
  but , if you believe do n't suppress others , be rather accepting and loving . 
  that 's the message . 
  it was the same in christianity but look how it changed . 
  even the pope said that he does n't want to be `` judgemental '' as it 's not up to him . 
  hopefully more will follow . 
  we should support this in europe as much as we can . 
  there is not only flow of ultra-conservative islam to europe but also flow of liberal and modern islam from europe to muslim world . 
  hopefully , the later will dominate in not so distant future . 
  i do n't know how would your argument work for india, 
  the mythical slavic undying lands, 
  germoney , stick to your name !, 
  also , alexander rybak was from there ( representing norway ), 
  yes , phoebe 's boyfriend went there . 
  i too almost forgot . 
  actually , lisa kudrow ( who plays phoebe ) had ancestors from there . 
  belarus was considered the last dictatorship in europe , now it has to share it with russia . 
  they have strong agricultural sector . 
  minsk is the capital . 
  gomel was name of one major hotel in my hometown as the city in belarus of this name had partnership with us during ussr times . 
  they have the big part of bia\u0142owie\u017c forest so at least that is protected from logging of polish rangers . 
  renamed since 1512 , not since 15th century, 
  agree , when one ethnicity is strongly prefered over the others in multiethnic entities , there starts problems . 
  it needs balance . 
  poor slovenes , ignored as well , 
  i agree that they have the right to stay , but not breaking countries where they came . 
  would you like if i.e. 
  german turks made separated exclaves under turkish rule in germany `` cos they live there for generations now '' . 
  they kinda did n't think of the millions of czech , italian , dutch , french , polish etc. 
  speakers when putting `` deutscher '' into it i guess, 
  they started to settle in waves since 13th century by invitation of bohemian kings to entirely czech area . 
  they came voluntarily . 
  there was kinda peacefull balance till 17th century when habsburgs started persecutions and germanisation . 
  at this time , german inhibitants started to be favoured which was supported by habsburgs . 
  balance was broken . 
  czechs revolted ( many times ) and finally got rid of habsburgs after wwi . 
  the czech part of independent czechoslovakia comprised only of historical czech lands , lands which existed before firts german collonist arrived . 
  sudeten germans were pissed off because they lost their great position and they were no longer prefered by ruler ( now government ) . 
  so what they did , they wanted to get to germany/austria . 
  obviously this have n't worked out till dictator appeared in germany and used them , as putin uses russians in baltic states or how english used their settlers in northern ireland , to infiltrate czechoslovakia . 
  they celebrated the occupation of czechoslovakia and were involved in nazi structures in the entire territory . 
  fortunatelly , they lost in the end . 
  was it good idea to kick them all off as punishment ?
