  i 'm gay and i do n't see gay couples kissing publicly that much as you do ( also living in prague , but not in vinohrady though ) . 
  i love geography now ! , the guy is amazing !, 
  ca n't wait for czech republic ( 3 more episodes ! ) . 
  btw . 
  croatia is a beautiful country . 
  i do n't think so . 
  anything from outside of the country is gon na be seen as violation . 
  the same reaction would be in any other country . 
  they have to solve their internal problems themselves , that 's the only medicine ( unless they ask for help or advice ), 
  this video is here like for the third time ... 
  well , how many gays did you see to kiss publicly in the front of you ? 
  does n't matter heterosexual or homosexual couples , people are usually careful about their affection in public . 
  i do n't think that holding hads or quick kiss on mouth or cheeks is a scandalous thing to witness no matter hetero , homo , young , old , alien , penguin ... 
  you know , it 's hot in australia . 
  probably , they wanted to cool down a little bit . 
  when abroad , it annoys me sometimes that when i say that i 'm from czech republic , especially guys say : porn and i 'm like - ok , i do n't need to know what you do in your spare time, 
  when i said , that i 'm from czech republic in usa , one lady said : oh , that 's beside nepal right ? 
  :-) ) on the other hand , i 've met people there , who knew some details from our history which i did n't even know, 
  it 's like other pople saying , that it 's not right that you and your girlfriend are together . 
  yes , it 's an opinion , but the borderline is when you start to enforce your opinion on others like if people went to protest against you being with your gf , trying to enforce laws to make it hard for you and even harass you mentally and physically . 
  yes , everyone can have whatever opinion , but there is a borderline to it . 
  if you start to insult then it 's not an opinion but hate . 
  yep , vote !, 
  thx, 
  this year , we have an amazing performer !, 
  the ranking is weird . 
  i do n't get , why is czech republic listed so low here . 
  i 'm gay and it 's very free towards lgbt folk here . 
  i was living in austria and the netherlands as well , so when i compare all 3 countries regarding lgbt : no. 1 is the netherlands , 2 . 
  sourse : personal experience, 
  do n't forget to vote for czech republic tonight !, 
  send gabriela to the final . 
  she deserves it !, 
  well , i can see prague as the capital of eu ( it was the capital of holy roman empire in the past anyways ) . 
  problematic neighborhoods are not related to the fact , that some city is capital or not . 
  it has its origins in bad city management , policy and lack of visions of the future development . 
  it was bs for sure . 
  some mad person had fun . 
  the high concentration of jews in central-eastern regions is because of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pale_of_settlement ) . 
  it was the biggest area in europe , where jews were allowed to live freely for centuries . 
  real heroes . 
  it 's sad , that after they fighted against nazis to restore freedom and democracy , they have been imprisoned by communist regime after returning home . 
  they 've been sent to labour camps and many died there . 
  sometimes there is no justice whatsoever . 
  i guess , these russian trolls have it hard here , coz the ratio is 120k ukrainians vs 40k russians living in czechia ( prague proper figures : 50k ukrainians vs 20k russians ) . 
  based on my observations on r/europe , the most sensitive towards any kind of criticism are users from poland and uk . 
  greeks , turks and other balkan countries follow in this regard . 
  dog - haf cat - m\u0148au cow - b\u016f horse - \u00edhaha rooster - kikiriki chicken - p\u00edp sheep - b\u00e9 goat - m\u00e9 pig - chro chro duck - ka\u010d pigeon - vrk\u016f frog - kvak bear - brum, 
  look !, 
  there is a sea in central europe . 
  also , la manche got wider and there is a connection between black sea and caspian sea, 
  romeo and juliet effect, 
   we can chase them out that 's how we do it here if you try to make us go to everlasting lands, 
  the fact , that they are on the edge and island country , plays its role . 
  mainland countries , especially more you go to the centre , have greater sense of belonging to europe and feeling european . 
  oh no you did n't, 
  blue mountains , deserts , poisonous fauna , nice cities , great barrier reef , isolated from europe yet going to take the place of the uk ( do n't know what kind of tectonic tool they gon na use though ) . 
  chechnya is completely fuc * ed up . 
  decades of violent conflicts and the rule of war overlords mixed with new wave of salafism takes its price paid by the ordinary and innocent . 
  no , jersey , gibraltar , isle of man and british overseas territories, 
  it 's not about ukrainians , who are good folk , but about certain interest groups profiting on our low salary situation . 
  if we want to get out of this circle , we have to push for higher salaries and inovations . 
  ukrainians would go for low profile jobs , jobs which can be often automatized or robotised . 
  our companies need to inovate and modernise so they can compete in the near future . 
  also , it 's going to be a big social problem , as it was in 2008 , when foreign workers lost jobs and they were dependant on the state and paid to leave the country . 
  let 's hope , that the world will forgive us one day, 
  great !, 
  yet , interest groups want to invite 100k ukrainians instead of increasing salaries and attracting people from eu . 
  and venezuela, 
  ups , linked different table , here is the [ divorce ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/e/eb/crude_divorce_rate%2c_selected_years%2c_1960%e2%80%932014_%28%c2%b9%29_%28per_1_000_inhabitants%29_yb16.png ) one , the point stays the same, 
  minoan clay, 
   west actually has more functional families i do n't think so . 
  the [ divorce rate ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/b/b5/crude_marriage_rate%2c_selected_years%2c_1960%e2%80%932014_%28per_1_000_inhabitants%29_yb16.png ) is on par with western and northern countries , south tends to have it lower . 
  the difference can be due to different information presentation and socio economic situation . 
  here , if you are not married but you have childern , you are automatiacally lone parent . 
  even if you live in a household with your partner . 
  many couples do n't marry , but they have childern . 
  usually , the mother is listed as a lone parent in the statistics . 
  in some countries like baltics and poland , many parents work abroad , keeping childern in home countries . 
  so , there might be some correlation to this as well . 
  it 's just prediction of inevitable . 
  obviously , we can discuss about the speed and certain aspects of the unification process . 
  it will take decades , failures and scuccess stories will occur , but in the grand scheme of things , it will happen . 
  unification or possible future federalisation can seem as too much as of right now , but we are heading towards it . 
  the eu might change its shape in the future , some countries might get out , some might come in , but there is going to be stabile core . 
  countries on the mainland are going to create coalitions no matter what will happen ( this might differ from island countries ) . 
  czechia will be part of eu or same regional entity of our neighbours anyways . 
  if you want to succeed in the world of future , you will have to cooperate . 
  it 's happening in all the parts of the world . 
  europe is not the only piece of earth where countries unite . 
  you have southeast asia , pacific countries , gulf states , latin america , african union , russia and its ex-soviet sphere , china , india , the usa etc. 
  unfortunately , small countries ( if you are not the size of china ) wo n't have any say and gon na be overrun by the interests of bigger players . 
  europe as a region has to unite , otherwise its importance is going to diminish in the future . 
  we have seen europe divided between two powerhouses in the past ( usa , ussr ) . 
  we do n't want it again ( i belive ) , we better cooperate with each other so we can create our own future . 
  is n't the major financial center , with all the money flow from europe and beyond , located in london ? 
  does n't have the uk many tax havens in its sphere ( jersey , gibraltar , etc. ) ? 
  germany expanded its capital and invested , uk sheltered many local oligarchs to hide `` their '' wealth from much of eastern europe and russia . 
  skyscrapers are of a huge controversy in prague , since the center is one of the worlds biggest unesco protected areas . 
  there are just very few places where you can build them , where they wo n't distract the panorama .
