  usually , those controlling , jealous and untrustful men are cheaters themselves . 
  more interesting is the number of single mothers and number of men who do n't take responsibility for their kids . 
  so the student cities are mostly in favour yep , i 've studied in wageningen , good job wage !, 
  are you serious ? 
  sure , those people protest for more military technology exports :-d, 
  translation : `` our migs will land in riga , our tanks will be in prague ! '', 
  it was heard from the megaphone of russian extremists , who marched through moscow to mark the '' day of the russian nation '' on tuesday . 
  people have also learned , that kiev , minsk , vilnius , as well as berlin , istanbul and warsaw are russian cities . 
  there was not a very large group of nationalist bolsheviks at the evening event in moscow , armed with flags and megaphones . 
  leaders of those protesters guided their peers and tumultuous chanting in which several dozen extremists honored the so-called day of the russian nation ( april 5th is by the supporters of national bolshevik ideology called `` celebration of our victory , '' and it 's celebrated since 1996 ) . 
  `` crimea is not enough ! '', 
  repeated protesters after their leaders with megaphones . 
  they gave a resounding statement , which states what they consider as sovereign russian territory , `` kiev - russian city !, 
  tallinn - russian city !, 
  minsk - russian city !, 
  warsaw - russian city !, 
  riga - russian city !, 
  berlin - russian city !, 
  the list of cities was eventually replaced by rhymed slogan `` our migs will land in riga , our tanks will be in prague !, 
  demonstrations on the occasion of the \u201e day of russian nation `` on tuesday evening , have been organised in at least thirteen russian cities ; for example , in addition to the russian capital , in st. petersburg , volgograd , rostov-on-don , nizhny novgorod and kazan . 
  vatican - catholic church, 
  you have to look ( certainly the governments should ) at the reasons why people do n't want to have kids in particular countries . 
  it 's not because of abortion obviously . 
  people do n't feel secure enough ( socially , financially , personally , . . ) to think about to have a kid . 
  the state should try to help people by easing certain laws , taxes , encouraging employment ( part-times for mothers on maternity leave , etc. 
  ) , cheap and available pre-school facilities , quality healthcare , available housing , etc. 
  this is how you help people to feel secure to have a family . 
  how does government want to help its citizens by outlawing abortions ??? 
  you ca n't decide for someone to have a kid . 
  make stable environment !, 
  your body is not the property of church or state . 
  parental planning is up to each and every one to decide . 
  you have to think , that abortion is the least thing women want to do . 
  there are reasons behind such decisions . 
  i find it shocking and immoral , that state and church blame people for their decisions and sending them to illegality . 
  all the women who gon na end up mutilated or even dead after some butchery illegal abortions , are going to be the victims of those wanna-be-moralists and prudes of state and church . 
  gosh , i read the title like : the conflict leaves them in hungary war is crazy !, 
  ca n't believe it 's in europe, 
  sad . 
  basically , they wan na force women into the [ risk of illegal abortion . 
  ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2709326/ ) the lucky ones gon na travel to the neighbouring countries . 
  shocking , that it 's coming from eu country . 
  and i can see why . 
  when i was in us ( outside of nyc ) , i had kind of culture shock . 
  we are told to be environmentally conscious and do n't waste a lot ( at least here in cz ) . 
  when in us , it 's almost like the opposite . 
  huge parking spots around any supermarket , huge cars ( i was always wondering how much fuel it has to take ) , huge fridges and any household appliances , non-stop air conditioner . 
  you could see , that it has to take a lot of electricity , and i was like - i do n't want to see the electricity bill . 
  plastic bags for everything , you wan na 2 plastic bags for milk - no problem , etc. 
  i get , that us has been built in different environment - huge space , big distances - so no expensive space like in europe , or pressure on effective public transport coz if everyone would use car like ppl in la , it would be mess here . 
  i think , russians take it as something normal . 
  russian leaders were always seen as someone who can do anything , half-god , someone who is above law , . . 
  so , normal day in russia . 
  piece by piece , mordor gets you all, 
  let 's leak , let 's hack !, 
  love it . 
  some hackers make this planet a better place . 
  they should hack more tax havens , so we have some crime literature to read for the evenings . 
  leviathan is a great movie !, 
  do n't think so . 
  they have never mentioned any relatives who were in eu already . 
  they were talking about many countries . 
  i 'll quote the director of the fund generation 21 who was in touch with them before they went to germany : `` they said , that they are in touch with a lawyer from unknown eu country , who promised all sorts of things to them , but they were changing their decisions every hour . 
  once they talked about baghdad , second time about erbil , then again about egypt and russia , in addition to germany and sweden ofcourse . '', 
  i 've read interview with the director of the fund generation 21 who brought them here . 
  he did n't know himself , why this group did n't want to stay . 
  he said , that they were very emotional and sensitive , which might lead to their irrational behaviour . 
  he said , that they 've changed opinions during the day : morning - it 's ok here , afternoon - we want back to iraq , egypt or russia , evening - we want to germany or sweden , and so on . . he said , that some people may have some kind of post-traumatic experience and being in new environment might be also challenging . 
  nevertheless , there is a psychological help available to anyone who need it . 
  they were also changing their testimony about their live in iraq . 
  once they said , that isis killed their family member , the other time they said that they lived well with muslims and nothing happened to them . 
  their testimonies were recorded . 
  the director said , that it 's not that they want to lie to you , but it 's probably about their momental psychological situation . 
  they were warmly welcomed and taken care of . 
  local people were giving them stuff they needed and collecting money for them . 
  it was said , that the whole group was encouraged just by two men . 
  the rest followed them . 
  translation : interior minister milan chovanec ( \u010cssd ) has asked police to use all means to return 25 refugees detained in germany back to iraq . 
  now , there is a seven-day period within which they have to leave the czech r . according to chovanec , within this period , they should arrange their return to their home country . 
  `` this time can not be used to violate laws or to move to another country within the schengen area , '' chovanec wrote on his twitter account that iraqi christians `` abused the goodwill of the czech republic and its citizens . '', 
  group of 25 christian refugees from iraq arrived in the czech r. and was originally housed in okrouhl\u00edk near jihlava . 
  they refused czech asylum , however , they went by bus to essen in germany on saturday . 
  the group was arrested in germany and yet , they 'll be returned on sunday back to the czech r . a spokesman of the foreign police catherine rendlov\u00e1 said , that refugees are not yet placed in detention . 
  they have valid documents on which they have time to leave the country until april 7th . 
  refugees were staying previously in the jihlava region . 
  refugees and the bus drivers are still being detained at the border by the german police , said vendula hust\u00e1kov\u00e1 spokesperson of the company that transported the group . 
  `` they arrested them as soon as they crossed the border , on the car park , '' described the situation hust\u00e1kov\u00e1 from the company hust\u00e1k - bus service . 
  `` our bus drivers got to the bus , but without documents and money . 
  those iraqis are still there , they are still detained on the border , '' she added . 
  how and when can bus drivers and iraqis return , is yet unknown . 
  neither the private endowment fund generation 21 , which projected the resettlement of iraqi christians to czech republic , has any information on the situation of refugees . 
  `` by refusing the asylum and leaving the accommodation , that we have offered them , they started to act on their own . 
  they are not in contact with us . 
  at this moment , we do not know where they are and what happens to them , '' said a spokesman for the fund martin fr\u00fddl . 
  `` however , we are in contact with the interior ministry , we will find together the best solution . 
  now the situation is unclear and it is premature to speculate about anything , '' he added . 
  it was said earlier , that the group is not happy with the prospect of staying in this country . 
  fr\u00fddl then said , that he did n`t know why the group does n`t want to remain in czech republic . 
  iraqis left their accommondation in okrouhl\u00edk on friday and spent one night in one of the hostels in jihlava . 
  iterior minister chovanec announced subsequently , that the project for the resettlement of christian refugees from iraq is therefore temporarily suspended .
