  old communists vote for him , around 65 % of votes for communists are from people 60 + . 
  they are just blind and nostalgic for their old times . 
  jesus , it 's horrible . 
  they do n't like when you confront them with the truth . 
  i 'm sorry for miloslav ransdorf , he is old school communist with many scandals . 
  i see , people are afraid of vendetta . 
  it 's like a vicious circle . 
  i would speak up if the state secure me safety . 
  they are not tolerating them , people are afraid of them and the state is weak to seek justice ( mainly because of widespread corruption ), 
  they are more ethnographic group then sub ethnic group as stated in the title . 
  they are the people who live in the region of moravia and speak moravian dialects of czech language . 
  well , czechs are mixture of every tribe and army which went around in the past . 
  mainly mixture of western-slavic tribes and germanic tribes , with lesser extent of celts , southern europeans , scandinavians ( swede ) , ugric people , jews and anyone else . 
  i think , central europe is the real representative of the european population from the genetic point of view ( everyone from every direction left some genes here ) . 
  today , the czech population is homogeneous and divided geographically ( bohemia , moravia , silesia ) instead of sub-ethnic division . 
  it could be said , that when going from east to west in cz , people tend to have more `` slavic '' genes in the east and northeast and more `` germanic or celtic '' genes in the west and southwest . 
  i 'm not some dude and secondly , you have mentioned that - i quote `` the usa is tolerant of a huge number of economic migrants crossing the border from mexico '' this is the first time when us-mex border was mentioned , on which i replied - when is us so tolerant toward mexico , why is the wire fence there ? 
  if you do n't remember what you say , use dictaphone or something, 
  in cz it 's [ slov\u00e1ck\u00fd verbu\u0148k ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li5l4p7dqzy ) , listed on unesco 's intangible cultural heritage list, 
  i had no problems in france with english , bonjour and merci beaucoup, 
  see , europe has open borders and no wire fences ( well , hungary builded one recently ) . 
  there is no problem with educated and much needed economic immigrants invited to fit into certain professions . 
  actually , we admire the canadian system . 
  the problem is somewhere else , we are on the edge of war zones stretching from ukraine , syria , iraq to libya and sub saharan africa + new ones can emerge any moment ( egypt , saudi arabia etc. ) . 
  the numbers are huge , there are masses of tens of millions people displaced or on the move already at this very moment . 
  we ( europe ) do n't know how to deal with that to be honest . 
  majority of the people are from completely different cultural background and many are hard to integrate . 
  you ca n't compare the situation of usa with what is europe challenged at this moment . 
   the usa is tolerant of a huge number of economic migrants crossing the border from mexico so , what is the wire fence on the us-mex border then ? 
  chimoney, 
  never say never, 
  here in english language [ news ] ( http://www.praguepost.com/eu-news/50595-syrian-family-with-ill-child-left-for-germany ), 
  czechs do n't want economic immigrants . 
  nobody is against treatment of children from war zone . 
  the usa has the same approach . 
  first , headline from 2010 second , professionals migrate where they get the best job offers third , do you think that german or swede doctors who immigrated to usa left because of the horrible conditions in germany or sweden ? 
  or us citizens who live in prague left because of the situation in usa ? 
  no , so then do n't compare apples to oranges, 
  it 's something i never got used to , when taking my internship in nl . 
  simply , they throw everything in the sink full of washing liquid and after , they dry all the dishes ( not washing them with clean water after using so much washing liquid , not washing glass first etc. ) . 
  it 's quite a famous cultural shock for foreigners in nl , you can find it on many blocks :-) i.e. 
  `` this is how its done the dutch way . 
  use the stopper to block the sink hole . 
  fill the sink with hot water and add in a lot of dish washing liquid . 
  then throw in all the dirty dishes including pans , plates , and glasses . 
  leave them in for a few minutes , then pick up the brush and rub them once or twice if you want to be generous . 
  take them out and either put them on drying rack or dry them with a cloth . 
  there is no need to rinse them with clean water to remove the soap . 
  the water in the sink is dark and dirty by now but do n't even think of changing it . 
  just add in more washing liquid and throw more dishes in it . 
  and the process continues until all the dishes are clean '', 
  the dutch are always special in something . 
  also the way how they wash their dishes is original . 
  no , it 's just something your countries share . 
  i 'm always surprised how nationalistic russia and ukraine are , and yet both countries target their own citizens . 
  i guess , if you love your country , you try to make it a better place to live for yourself and your countryman . 
  instead , russia and ukraine repel their own people to seek living abroad . 
  you need education, 
  obviously , that would depend on your sexual preference, 
  do n't worry too much , they are just starting . 
  everyone gets a piece of cake, 
  i can understand . 
  the city ring is half done yet ( the northern part is missing ) and the highway from prague to brno is the oldest one in cz build from concrete panels ( bump ... ) between 60s and 70s ( currently under reconstruction ) . 
  we like brits ( sober ones ) , so it 's not the case . 
  people just do n't want to talk sometimes , some because they think that their english is not good , some because they do n't want to be bothered by answering something , and some are simply ignorant and mind their own business . 
  as someone wrote , czechs are passive people , between themselves as well . 
  i would agree about old people , but the majority understand and they are able to have at least basic conversation . 
  the major thing is that they do n't want to speak i.e. 
  paris . 
  your friend probably did n't behave much, 
  yes , he want 's to be putin, 
  why do you think slovenia and portugal beating you ? 
   middle east has been a shithole long before we got involved . 
  states do not have obligations , only what they want to do and what they can be forced to do . 
  as you said , we ca n't stop you from what you want to do i.e. 
  bush administration , but we have a say in what your actions may bring us . 
  as a self-proclaimed world leader , it would be nice if us foreign policy could behave as an adult on the world stage . 
  at least , when you had a party you clean your mess after yourself and not leaving it on others . 
  i just thought , since us media are covering the whole story in a sense that europe is failing to help the masses of desperate refugees , that you could participate as well . 
  you know , to send ferry for couple of thousands of them . 
  we are not asking you to take a million as eu did , just couple of tens of thousands would help . 
  moreover , was n't it us policy which helped to the current situation in the middle east ? 
  as [ guy verhofstadt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhg9ch4arte ) said in the eu parliament , usa and russia are playing their game who has bigger ... and we ( europe ) have all the consequences of it . 
  we do n't like it much . 
  full ranking [ here ] ( http://images.businessweek.com/bloomberg/pdfs/worlds_healthiest_countries_v2.pdf ) . 
  czech rep. 32 , at least ahead us . 
  the reason is just one : prague . 
  prague is in czech rep. something like london in the uk . 
  it does n't reflect the country at all . 
  ordinary people who are living in the capital have or rent flats . 
  houses are expensive . 
  as in london ( of course in smaller scale ) many properties are bought as investment . 
  prague is not just city in the czech rep. , but it 's world-known city and its reputation is rising which attracts investors from around the world . 
  wealthy russians are buying properties as safe heaven if something go wrong in russia , chinese investors are buying currently , many asians and investors from israel as well . 
  they are helping to push the prices up . 
  ordinary people ca n't afford it . 
  many left for suburbs and for regions around prague from where they commute . 
  absolutely right, 
  around 500e for 1 +1 , most people have flats or rent flat . 
  houses are expensive .
