  they ca n't f * ck up scotland in case they decide to break out from the uk ( since uk is leaving ) . 
  on the other hand , it may open precedence for another separatist regions in eu . 
  since spain and france have the most of them ( additionaly belgium and italy ) , madrid and paris are very careful with this . 
  spain is against because madrid fears catalonia referendum . 
  it 's their internal problem and it has nothing to do with scotland actually . 
  and amsterdam , warsaw , madrid , milan, 
   i think putin is the most sane statesman in europe nazis thought the same about hitler or bolsheviks about stalin, 
  russia would join just to destroy it completely . 
  on the other hand , it would be interesting to govern area stretching from ireland to alaska . 
  ... putin , le pen , wilders ... dream team, 
  disgusting and evil, 
  finally !, 
  rednecks and bigots feel entitled now to throw all the negativity and frustrations on you and behave like some sociopaths . 
  they are encouraged by certain politicians , tabloids and radicals . 
  i have never thought this to happen so massively in democratic and developed country in 21st century . 
  the image of uk is really demaged at the moment . 
  i wish all the best to the half of britons who try to fight this hate and propaganda of lies . 
  can it work ? 
  it could be like in china - one country , two systems . 
  scotland like hong kong or macau . 
  exactly , the propaganda was massive there . 
  so many false information , that it was like reading twisted and heavily censured news in russia or belarus . 
  just look at daily mail , that 's complete garbage . 
  murdoch must be proud now . 
  unfortunatelly , these news were the main sources of information for the majority of low income and low educated brits . 
  not surprised about the leave demography statistics . 
  kaczy\u0144ski as always out of the equation we need to be solving at the moment, 
  unfortunately , it has to be quick . 
  eu needs stability and markets are nervous . 
  now , it 's each for its own interests . 
  farage : so we go with commonwealth if i remember correctly , canada , australia , india all campaigned for remain also , was n't immigration from commonwealth countries like nigeria , india , pakistan , bangladesh , uganda etc. 
  the issue of the leave campaign ? 
  one wonder about farage and the whole leave campaign . 
  actually , london could be city state like singapore , it has all the potential the new uk capital could be sunderland, 
  so populists wanted to break eu , instead they will break uk, 
  i have never thought that people we were laughing at like farage , le pen and wilders , gon na be the powerful ones in 2016 . 
  it 's quite scary where it 's going . 
  putin in russia , erdogan in turkey ... it seems like we are heading towards uncertainty for a long time on the continent . 
  dark age is coming back , let 's hope for new renaissance . 
  well , we already have :-) ( i.e. 
  eastern - spring fertility celebration , christmas - winter solstice , all souls ' day - veneration of the dead , saint john 's eve - summer solstice celebration , . . 
  even the early christians could n't beat the old pagan festivities , so they attached themselves to it . 
  i love ancient egypt , so pagans and even copts could preserve the egyptian language . 
  pagans would be better , since they would keep many old traditions and festivals as well . 
  that would be great !, 
  do n't take this dreamy thought so seriously . 
   very little well , it does couple of centuries already . 
  yes , there was golden age , but since then fast decline . 
  it 's pitty , that the more liberal and open form of islam deteriorated and insted in turned towards rigid , conservative and sectarian forms ( i.e. 
  islam played central role in shapping todays societies around southern and eastern mediterranean . 
  imagine if egypt stayed coptic or pagan . 
  it was n't meant to be ignorant . 
  i do n't want to cherish any religion ( christianity , islam ) as both can be pretty harsh + i 'm atheist . 
  i thought about it from todays perspective . 
  the development went differently in christian countries , with many reformations , revolutions and societal awekening . 
  if these countries around mediterranean reminded christian , they would have been exposed to the same challenges and influences as the rest in europe.the development would led to situation similar in todays portugal , spain , cyprus , malta etc. 
  instead , the muslim world declined since its golden age of 8-12 cent . 
  to more sectarian , conservative and rigid form . 
  brighter examples are turkey and azerbaijan ( maybe lebanon till 70s ) , where was quite of progress and openess . 
  i often think , how different the whole region would have been today , if they remained christian . 
  stretching from morocco , algeria , egypt to iraq/iran . 
  if islam would have stayed in arabian peninsula , the development of those societies could have been pretty amazing . 
  i assume , they could have gdp of around portugal , greece and izrael today , liberal educated societies , the weather and food !, 
  - absolutely a great place to live and work . 
  quite late i guess , i would do the exchange sooner, 
  do most newspapers campaign for brexit ? 
  it seems so . 
  no wonder , why is brexit camp so strong . 
  the best day !, 
  on my b-day ? 
  damn, 
  it needs more transparency , eu institutions need to communicate directly and much better with citizens . 
  the lack of communication is a fertile ground for populists and power-seekers in many eu countries , who use it to twist the reality and offer their point of view as the truth . 
  on the other hand , people should be more pro-active towards eu , they should vote to parliament and be interested in policy making . 
  only with more interest , we can shape eu the way it benefits us the most . 
  true . 
  i 've read , that you had 8.1 mio in 1841 and it dropped to 6.5 mio in 1851 , crazy - the famine and emigration were massive, 
  interesting , so we reach our pre-wwii 11.1 mio in 2050 . 
  takes 100 years to shake off the crazy war and its consequences . 
  he is great !, 
  first of all , he is comedian and yes , he is not far-right and redneck admirer, 
  reliable sources, 
  gauls wo n't agree that much, 
  i see , it 's a another way to look at things . 
  still , it 's better to beat others by improving yourself . 
  they have blocked the first proposal , where was homosexuality stated as human rights issue - obviously an issue that poland and the rest seem to connect very strongly , so they had to change the wording, 
  i hope they do , but it seems that you do n't want it for people in other countries around the globe, 
  so that 's why they 've blocked decriminalization of homosexuality in un resolution, 
  and homos are not humans in poland ? 
  team of countries well known for their support of human rights and democracy efforts / s, 
  and now , russians 'll experience massive economic downfall during putin 's rule , 0 +1 -1 = 0, 
  yep , czech republic is 6th, 
  russia is not that stupid to attack nato country . 
  that would be catastrophic for them . 
  i 'm still in awe , how putin and his gangsters have so much support among russians . 
  i mean , they 're getting poorer , their life prospects are in the mist and still so much support for oligarchs and the dictator . 
  far-right and rednecks are really primitives . 
  do remain supporters have to face violence now ? 
  shocking where this goes . 
  truly the leader to follow/s,
