  it would have been better , if there was someone else then hofer for the austrian side . 
  visegrad group was established after the fall of communism . 
  it was supposed to help with european integration of these 4 member states with similar interests and with similar experience of totalitarian rule . 
  all member states are in eu and nato now . 
  later , the cooperation started to focus on energy , economy etc. 
  with 26 years after the fall of the iron cutrain , it 's natural that each country is developing differently and their policies and interests differ . 
  poland and hungary have conservative leaders at the moment and their direction is not the way czechs would go : like christian-conservative values are in quite a contrast with traditionaly atheist-liberal values in cz . 
  i welcome more cooperation with austria and slovakia as they create our south-east border and both are economically important to us and culturally similar . 
  strong ties with germany are a must , as our economy is highly dependant on their . 
  cooperation with poland in economical and infrastructural issues stays very important and may increase further . 
  this lack of respect towards women in mena countries is really deep rooted , it 's terrible . 
  i 've read that algeria is a hell for female travelers . 
  uk and eu gon na sort it out in the end , cos they need each other . 
  obviously , both sides use `` strong words '' now , cos it 's before negotiating the deal . 
  they will have to find compromise . 
  well , we are quite unique even when trying to tear europe in 3 blocks ( north , south , east ) . 
  we are pretty central europe and not only in the geographical context . 
  nationalism is not a thing in cz unlike other countries and it has never been . 
  our population is leaning towards the left and liberals in elections ( even old style soviet-like communists rank as the 4th most popular party ) . 
  also , we are liberal in many ways of life and religion is almost non existant . 
  regarding the current wave of refugees , people were not feeling it since the begining and our politicians ( which we rightfully critizise 100 % all the time ) did n't act as if nothing happened or like it 's all fine , but they said what people wanted to be said . 
  there were obviously some out of place comments ( zeman and others ) , but the core message has been said and our stance presented . 
  we do n't see huge leaning towards right like in the west currently , cos our stance is clear since the begining and people do n't feel unheard or avoided like in some other countries . 
  economically , we are dependant on germany and it 's clear to all political parties , so is acted upon ( when merkel visited cz currently , the main focus was on business and research instead of refugee policy where we disagree ) . 
  good way of life , prosperity and peace are the main concerns of czech population and anything which might outbalance it , is met with strong reaction ( regardless of religious , right-left , sectarian , ultranationalism , war-seaking , violence etc. 
  type of extreme ) . 
  anyone surprised brexit day http://i.imgur.com/zcfozrg.jpg old guy : rupert murdoch bearded guy : lebedev , son of russian oligarch and owner of many uk newspapers, 
  saudi arabia is so strange country . 
  they are extreme even in the comparison with their arab neighbours . 
  i get , that the saudi family might be `` moderate '' when taking in cosideration the ultra conservative groups inside the country . 
  however , this does n't mean , that we shall close our eyes and supply them with weapons . 
  saudi clan shall try harder to slowly liberalise the society there . 
  with all beying said , we shall not tolerate saudi financed mosques , saudi imported preachers , saudi policies etc. 
  cos it 's the extreme of extreme and it has no place in 21st century whatsoever . 
  we are not safer by sending them weapons , but it 's the other way around . 
  rip, 
  so , local companies should stand up to the game, 
  hopefully , it can get into flow of innovations and startups based here in cz, 
  inspired by the french edition . 
  everyone knows prague , but there are many gems outside of the capital hidden in the countryside . 
  lol, 
  rome, 
  better one is that you pay for the digital infrastructure , which they use for even more of profit lol small and medium sized tech companies are disadvantaged against them , which in the end is bad for the final consumers - you lol, 
  there are plenty and ( something that might shock you ) they pay taxes, 
  we would like to , but big us tech companies do n't want to pay taxes in europe so for what resources we can build it ? 
  i can understand it slightly . 
  most foreigners live in prague and as is typical for capitals , people there are more reserved compared to smaller cities . 
  on the other hand , czech is more in need in regions . 
  well , you can always break our ice crust by being nice and starting the conversation ( pro tips : talking about pets , weather , monuments , culture , food . . ) . 
  no to : where to get drunk , where to find women , etc. 
  definitely do n't ask this people on the street - it 's annoying !, 
  indoeuropeans originated in pontic steppes, 
  not such big shock for me . 
  ok , prague is home for 12.4 % of czech population , so 14,2 % of country 's gdp is not such big advantage for the capital . 
  it 's an independent multinational business company , they all act in similar manner no matter of country of origin . 
  look at some dutch companies and their flower producing factories in africa , or how some european companies exported toxic waste to africa `` cos its cheaper '' , etc etc. 
  there are tons of such cases . 
  there is no ethic behind big money , only money can be heard . 
  pork was forbidden , because it caused contamination by trichinella spiralis and other parasites . 
  since , hygiene was n't on high level + the warm weather , it caused food poisoning quite often . 
  dogs were made forbidden , because they are very close to humans and they lick people as a gesture of love . 
  this was belived to be again source of transmission of some diseases on humans , which is not really true . 
  dogs as shepherds or for hunting were allowed , they were forbidden as pets because people would cuddle with them . 
  these beliefs were based on the fear from diseases , which was very common considering the mortality in those times . 
  is it something to be worried today ? , no . 
  if they knew , that cats can transmit toxoplasmosis , they might be forbidden as well . 
  instead , people saw cats keeping rats away ( rats causing food contamination + fleas ) . 
  monster, 
  i would add to all what have been said here , that many young people take year/two off after graduation for travel-and-work break . 
  they travel to their dream destinations and travel there + work for the travel costs . 
  i know many who had such period . 
  popular are australia , new zealand and canada . 
  one friend of mine who was fresh medicine graduate , traveled to canada , bought van and traveled on pan-american higway down to chile/argentina . 
  it took him 2 years ( he worked in between in various positions + he spent like half a year in costa rica ) . 
  russia acts for domestic audience . 
  nobody likes them ( generally speaking ) so their frustration turns into bullying to get some respect . 
  it 's a sad and well documented reaction + russians were not used to it during ussr ( they were the `` stars '' ) . 
  they wo n't grab the whole ukraine , that would be too much , but they will keep their actions in eastern ukraine as far as it will work for them . 
  the same goes for other places they are active currently ( syria , georgia , moldova ) . 
  putin knows the mentality of his folk , so as far he wants to be in the power , he will act this way . 
  four decades of communist utopia planning , isolationism and aggressive policies were definitely catastrophic for the businesses , which ceased to exist . 
  restart is a long journey and you ca n't beat western counterparts immediately , since they have four decades of advantages . 
  if north korea would have become democracy and they would return to the markets , they wo n't beat south korea in the economics for decades . 
  is it doable ? 
  sure it is , but it takes time . 
  we are 26 years since the return to the free world and many ex-commie countries are doing quite good actually . 
  next years and decades will bring even less of contrast . 
  the article is quite critical . 
  it says that saxony and brandenburg will catch up , so what 's left : mecklenburg-vorpommern , saxony-anhalt and thuringia . 
  saxony has big urban centers : leipzig , dresden and chemnitz and brandenburg has berlin in the middle . 
  the other states are more rural with the lowest pop . 
  density in germany . 
  it 's true , that they have suffered brain-drain in favor of western states . 
  they just need to attract young people to settle there and make it more easy for small businesses and inovators . 
  i think , that 's actually the opposite . 
  it happened at 3:36 am . 
  everyone in the inside of buildings asleep . 
  people could n't even react to it . 
  horrific, 
  i do n't know what 's the issue with this swimsuit ?
