are the dutch working for russians ? / s, 
  as i said , it 's a geopolitical game about power . 
  the main players are : usa , russia and china . 
  unfortunately , europe is gon na be a victim of side shooting due to it 's location . 
  let 's hope , that their `` game '' in syria does n't grow into full scale conflict . 
  we 'll see similar pattern in the whole eu thanks to incompetent european migration policy + uk will leave the eu . 
  so he tortured people back in syria and now he sells croissants in belgium . 
  not regretting his past crimes at all and saying : `` there is a war , people are use to it '' . 
  can it be even more sick ? 
  our system ca n't send him to prison without evidence , so he freely enjoys our society which he hates so much . 
  great . 
  i guess , allah will burn them in hell, 
  yes the government is pro-eu , but is totally corrupt . 
  that 's why people are bothered about it . 
  the majority likes eu , but they ca n't stand this completely incompetent government . 
  well said, 
  you are so wrong , that i do n't know where to start . 
  right after sudetenland , your beloved hitler took the rest of czech territory . 
  something , what happened before some danzig case . 
  why he took 95 % ethnically czech territory if he wanted just his lovely germans in his reich . 
  germans were spreading like rabbits eastward for couple of centuries , replacing slavic populations during ostsiedlung . 
  it was not their territory , they were colonists often invited by local kings and princes to cultivate less populated areas . 
  in the medieval ages , people did not distinguish themselves based on which language they spoke but by under which ruler they did belong ( christianity and latin ruled western world ) . 
  nationalism started in europe in 18th century . 
  german unification processes started in 19th century . 
  wrong argument !, 
  exactly this happened . 
  hitler got sudetenland and he become even more hungry for more to taste . 
  the care for fellow germans was just excuse for his expansive desires . 
  you do n't have to go so far into the history . 
  putin got crimea and do you see his hunger to weaken ? 
  dictators do n't care about regular people , dictators desire power and to see everyone to knee in the front of them . 
  based on our history , we do n't trust anyone . 
  there are many theories about what if ... ? 
  but we 'll never know . 
  the common opinion here is , that we could probably defend ourselves only when backed by all our allies : france , britain and soviet union . 
  when 2 of our allies betrayed us , there was no chance we could do something . 
  we were like wounded fish with sharks circling around and taking bites . 
  when nazi germany took our border regions where all our defence fortresses and equipment was located , when slovaks separated and become nazi puppets and poland took zaolzie , we knew we are dead . 
  we were surrounded only by enemies . 
  then hitler told us that we have 2 options : a , to become his protectorate or b , to get wiped out form the earth surface . 
  even when given this sophie 's choice , most of the people wanted to fight . 
  our leaders decided we take the option a , which is considered as a good decision from today 's perspective . 
  if they decided otherwise , there would n't be any czech person today ( maybe some czech descendants in us and canada ) . 
  why are you even bothered what russians say ? 
  the whole world knows the history . 
  nobody cares about them , they are just desperate for some attention . 
  maybe , but bmi is really not objective . 
  for example , me and my brother are the same height . 
  i have naturally lighter body structure and bmi 20.5 , he is naturally more robust ( wide shoulders etc. ), 
  + he plays ice hockey . 
  his bmi is around 26-27 , which means he is already overweight . 
  what ? 
  he is definitely not . 
  i do n't think we should use bmi in healthcare for instance , it 's not accurate . 
  i think the difference between them is , that more austrians can afford high-quality products , than italians . 
  i think , austrians have lighter diet influenced by the italian approach to food and its quality compare to cz for instance . 
  i 've been in vienna for almost a year and i could feel the mediterranean influence there . 
  i do n't know , but the map is clear to me . 
  what 's weird , they seem to forget slovenia and luxembourg . 
  v4 is fat , we need a diet asap ( beer and pork effect ) . 
  also , france is fat . 
  i am surprised . 
  you can thank to the english pioneers who settled in the area of present us . 
  if frenchmen or spaniards were faster , you would learn their language today . 
  the language us speeks , the rest of the world learns . 
  lucky bastard :-) . 
  you could try at least, 
  it 's a big country effect . 
  i guess , it 's the same for gb and france . 
  speaking about austria , austrians are actually very good in languages . 
  even , their mother tongue is a german , they invest in to learning at least 2 additional languages ( english and french mostly ) . 
  good joke !, 
  true !, 
  of course the masses go to germany and sweden for the welfare . 
  we have opened the gates to anyone . 
  we have encouraged thousands to come ranging from bangladesh to mali . 
  is this for real ? 
  definitely , every woman in europe is waiting for stone-age-mentality muslim men who left their families in the war zone, 
  the problem is , that most of the people take very dangerous trip to get here and many do n't make the journey alive . 
  it seems like we do n't care how the people got here . 
  the ones who do n't get asylum gon na stay anyway . 
  we have to secure our borders first and pick eligible asylum applicants directly from the refugee camps around the war zone . 
  you have to be straight male then, 
  looking at this data , you can clearly see the mistake of opening our gates to anyone . 
  does the situation of 30 reported countries worsened so rapidly in one year only , that the immigration rate increased more then 100 % from all of them ? 
  ( from countries like china , nigeria , senegal , mali , albania , morocco , bangladesh etc. ) . 
  i do n't think so , they just took advantage of the syrian crisis and our open border policy . 
  those days , anyone who wish , can easily come here and you do n't have to be bothered by having passport or id - for what . 
  crazy . 
  can europeans get to china or morocco without passports ? 
  sexist ? 
  have you been in france or italy ? 
  also , the majority of respondents who think that the girl is co-responsible for potential rape are men of age 55 + and with low education level - i think it talks for itself . 
  the old ones ca n't even have a sex anymore so they get frustrated and talk such shit and the dumb ones are so dumb that no girl would go on date with them , so they talk shit as well . 
  in reality , you can hardly find a country as safe for women as cz . 
  why your title say : 50 % of czech men ? 
  where is that number ? 
  the original czech title says : one third of men think this way ( even 1 % is very bad ) . 
  hope , you are not trying to use this topic for something else here .
