  they do n't want europeans , cos they do n't want competition . 
  it 's all about money and resources . 
  many of them , especially their youth , which grown up in uk already , ca n't compete with euros cos they do n't have the work ethics , flexibility and skills . 
  well , i slightly understand their point of view , but is it what britain as a country wants ? 
  unfortunately , it seems so, 
  we have them here . 
  i live in prague and they have `` their hotspot '' just 300m from where i live . 
  the same was in vienna where i lived last year . 
  they beg , it 's not recommended to give them money , cos you do n't want to support it ( they work in organised groups ) . 
  yet , i do n't remember czechs wantig czexit , cos they saw gypsis begging on the street . 
  yes , it 's annoying sometimes , but it 's someting authorities/police should deal with . 
  ok , so pakistanis/indians/bangladeshis did n't want more europeans in european country , makes sense . 
  i 've read somewhere , that european immigrants are competition for them . 
  eastern euros work harder , work for less and are more skilled compare to the immigrants from commonwealth . 
  so they fear less opportunities for themselves and their kids . 
  btw . 
  gypsy/romani people came from northern india/pakistan to europe . 
  it seems they do n't like their countrymen . 
  sweden , finland , austria , the netherlands : massive investments in education , research , innovations , improving business climate , highly competitive in 21st century ireland , the celtic tiger : huge support for overseas investments , easy-to-do-business , investments in education and infrastructure uk ( before brexit ) : open economy , attractive for investments , they became financial hub , strong universities and research , attracted skilled workforce germany : they had to deal with the incorporation of east germany during 90s , massive investments in eduaction , research and inovation in the last decades , improving business environment , highly competitive , attracting profesionals , politically stable , strategic geopolitical location since the fall of iron curtain france , belgium : rigid labor environment , attracting less of investment compare to their neighbours , slow with reforms , weak language education ( except flanders ) , strong research , have n't attracted much of the skilled workforce spain : bad politics , bureaucracy , insufficient state management , strong investment in infrastructure , improving business climate , attractive for investors portugal : far from the eu core , not really inovative environment , great for tourism italy : divided country ( south-north , rich-poor ) , corruption and bureaucracy , lack of investments in education and inovations , the country is not modernised sufficiently , low competitive capability , criminal circles infecting state , great food !, 
  greece : massive corruption , great location on the verge of europe , asia and africa , low competitive capability denmark : do n't know , very expensive yet not as efficient as sweden and germany, 
  in such case , russia has full show-case of these awards, 
  in the next episode : the queen will resign :-), 
  what the brits say regarding their leaders giving up ? 
  see , this is negotiating , 
  switzerland has such trade values , because they export products and services with high added value ( pharmaceuticals , banking ) and because many ppl commute daily to switzerland from neigbouring countries ( luxemburg effect ) . 
  swiss sucess is possible due to the work of many europeans woking in all the industries there . 
  i hope as you do , that there can be compromise accomplished between ch and eu . 
  as switzerland wants to get the best for itself , eu 'll do the same to protect its interests and its citizens . 
  south korea is an example of efficient and competitive country and they did it all on their own . 
  you had luck by english becoming the lingua franca in finances ( say thanks to the usa ) and 4 decades of benefits of the biggest common market on the world . 
  is n't eu the biggest trade partner of switzerland ? 
  is n't the eu the main swiss partner regarding commercial services ? 
  is n't half a million swiss ppl living in eu ? 
  entrepreneurship - what kind of business these enterprises started to do and whom they started to provide their services ? 
  with whom they started to trade without any restrictions ? 
  who improved the business environment by implementing common rules and fair trade ? 
  to whom was opened market of 500 mio customers ? 
  who recieved scientists and professionals from the continent ? 
  and yes , who recieved labor to cut expenses , compete and grow bussiness ? 
  how could increase the income from taxes and filling the uk budget ? 
  who was getting medical staff and ensuring nhs to run properly ? 
  why do you think , the uk grown so much in last decades ( from old broken colonial empire to modern open european economy ) ? 
  norway and iceland are not complaining yet, 
  more like you do n't have any idea how much uk benefited receiving eu membership . 
  when joining eu , uk was poor compared to other western counterparts at that time , yet it benefited massively in few decades . 
  i 've found that 3mio eu citizens live in the uk . 
  i 'm personally surprised why is switzerland in demand by eu citizens . 
  i would n't want to live there , it 's too conservative and stiff for my taste . 
  i get high salaries , yet there are high expenses . 
  2 girl friends of mine who have swiss husbands persuaded them to move to prague , coz they did n't like to live there . 
  i get people who live in commute distance i.e. 
  living in france , germany and commuting to work there ( as in the case of luxemburg ) . 
  maybe , it 's a good thing that british and the swiss undermine the principles , coz it will improve eu in the long run and hopefully make the union stronger . 
  swiss and british demand and want to try to get as many benefits as possible without doing something in regard . 
  it 's their right to do so , but it 's our right to say no . 
  says serb, 
   but we were too weak to do it . 
  the western countries were n't it 's about geographical location . 
  as landlocked country , you ca n't really colonise land on the other side of the world . 
  the crucial factor was acces to atlantic . 
  russia went eastward , they 've colonised the whole northern eurasia and part of n. america ( alaska ) . 
  no , they would prefer 80 years old with basic education / s obviously , you want to attract educated people in their productive age , every country does it, 
  i think he should go , we need fresh blood there . 
  interesting , did n't know we had almost 1m abroad . 
  czechs are known to be unwilling to move ( even within home country ) . 
  maybe , there are counted czech emigree who settled abroad during communism . 
  i feel like people complain about eu , yet they want stronger response toward many issues we face together . 
  example could be the migration crisis in 2015 . 
  people wanted strong eu response , yet it was disaster . 
  individual countries were forcing their agendas or taking their stances and eu became like paralysed patient . 
  many were shocked by the chaos and disorganisation within eu . 
  we can see the results of it till today . 
  eu needs some reform , to be more democratised ( let 's vote for eu comission i.e. 
  government and eu president directly - like in the us ) , eu needs to better inform its citizens about the steps it takes , laws , its policy and so on in easy to understand form ( that seniors , low skilled folk can understand etc ) . 
  let 's have like eu tv channel , radiao or i do n't know , to directly connect with people and explain them the policy they work on ( so populists ca n't twist it ) . 
  why not ? 
  young educated europeans are welcomed in every eu country . 
  come here , we have lack of labor in many fields . 
  science is something people with basic education ( the majority of brexiters ) do n't care about . 
  they want empty promises and loud populists playing with them . 
  now , they have it . 
  great !, 
  spain is ahead of many countries in europe regarding lgbt rights, 
  big city ignorance , but as you can see , it 's not always like that, 
  sweet, 
  i hope , berec wo n't give them the monopoly they want . 
  john oliver explains it here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpboeorrhyu, 
  people are monsters, 
  that would be the dumbest thing ever what 's interesting , i do n't know from where reuters takes their info when checking all major czech newspapers , there is not single mention about it reuters makes it seem like someting big , but in reality nobody talks about it, 
  this is bs !, 
  he just said , that if there was a growing pressure on referendum he would n't be against it , but he is personally pro-eu and pro-euro, 
  sarcastically funny , i like that, 
  thanks grammar nazi/s, 
  cuz , it 's not on the table at the moment 7 eu countries are obligated to join the currency in the future : sweden poland czech republic hungary romania croatia bulgaria neither of them want to join till 2020, 
  no one wants to take the responsibility at the moment seeing the mess they have created . 
  he 'll candidate when it calms down like in 5-10 years . 
  well , it 's not like they wanted to take active part in the scottish question . 
  remember the scottish independence referendum in 2014 , juncker et al were not into it . 
  the situation has changed . 
  scotland voted to remain in the eu and they ca n't ignore it .
