  cooperation across nations of europe brought us prosperity , peace and sense of brotherhood in our region . 
  many problems that the eu face are caused by national governments and interest groups . 
  the eu is build on the engagement of all its members . 
  if you gon na stay behind most of the time and you just wait for others to do the work , well then do n't be so surprised . 
  it 's like group assignment , if you gon na let others to do your part and you are not engaged during the project , than do n't complain later . 
  good expample is the uk . 
  they could have big influnce inside the eu , but they choosed not to for decades , minding their own island affairs . 
  subsequently , they complain how they do n't feel to be part of the project anymore . 
  this could be said for some other countries as well incl . 
  czechia , where politicians are often short sighted and also not really pro-active inside the eu . 
  the eu is the way how you make it . 
  if you complain against germany and france taking over the union , well they are 1/3 of the eu , but we the rest are 2/3 . 
  there needs to be proactivity from all parts of the eu . 
  also , people should be more engaged themselves and vote . 
  ceu got offers from all around of eu , incl . 
  they want to stay in budapest and i hope they succeed against orb\u00e1n . 
  stay strong stockholm !, 
  yep , partly true . 
  i work in online business and you have to compete with indians and other asians there . 
  they basically outsource you . 
  experiences and degrees from western unis are still our advantages in the globalized market . 
  the thing is , that many military units in syria report to tehran instead of damascus . 
  it 's a mess there . 
  it 's almost like vietnam , battlefield of many sides and their interests . 
  yes slightly , wiki says : zulu ( 22.7 % ) xhosa ( 16 % ) afrikaans ( 13,5 % ) english ( 9.6 % ) but english is going to be the lingua franca there ( education , commerce , government , etc. ), 
  it 's the official language ( besides others ), 
  no south africa ? 
  france going back to its roots, 
  erdogan would have such a great time taking with brexiters , they would just nod to each other / s, 
  good move !, 
  is that applied to crimea , luhansk and donetsk oblast as well ? 
  yep , it was solely the decision of bankers and lobby of some companies, 
  i wish , but our politicians are indecisive, 
  such unnecessary war, 
  the eu countries have to be united during brexit . 
  it 's one of the aims of uk to divide the common voice , so they would have better position during negotiations . 
  the uk politics is easy to read , cos it thinks only about itself . 
  definitely a different tone in comparision what comes from the uk eu countries : let 's build a new friendly partnership with the uk based on transparency , our shared values and objectivity uk : we want bold deal like all for uk , do you wan na war spain ? 
  let 's jeopardise security systems in eu , blame eastern europenas for everything ( especially romanians ) , threaten and insult your partners when you want to reach a deal with them, 
  here he is [ drunk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo2l25rk750 ) , which he claimed to be some sort of virosis he is very controversial here , but because of his redneckness he is liked among villagers and less educated folk, 
  he is unfit for presidency , so his actions are on the edge between memes , tragicomedy and populism, 
  ok , thanks, 
  they should have campus here , but they can have accreditations from abroad as well , i think . 
  there is university of new york in prague or anglo-american college and they function here . 
  czechs would be in a box of emotionally inexpressive/avoids confrontation, 
  to be honest , it hard to distinguish meme and presidency in the case of our president, 
   ca n't i walk naked in public ? 
  you can , send us pics !, 
  yes !, 
  it was such a fun to watch, 
  they should remain in budapest , but at least they have an option in case of emergency, 
  do n't leave , it 's the aim of dictatorial groups . 
  they want to get rid of opposition and keep the sheeps . 
  they can move the university to bratislava or vienna , so they wo n't be far from hungary, 
  this person used chain and when the victim was lying down in blood , he just said `` look what you made me to do '' and walked away , not calling ambulance , anything . 
  he is murderer , nothing less . 
  system which covers and encourages murders is rotten to the core . 
  known as breadbasket of europe , very fertile soil , huge country , strategic location , history of kievan rus , due to its accessibility often attacked by various invaders ( currently by russia ) , east is more industrial , access to black sea , has good relations with poland currently , trying to get away from the russian influence , had many jews before wwii , ukrainians are percived as good workers here , problems with corruption and economy , going to host eurovision this year , jamala , klitschko brothers , milla jovovich and mila kunis are from there , big diaspora in canada, 
  they call tram '' \u0161alina '' in brno, 
  the netherlands has the advantage of randstad . 
  all cities are in close distance to each other , so you can commute daily to work , school etc. 
  here , the distance between major cities is bigger . 
  there are many regional cities , which are very livable and afordable like pilsen , olomouc , budweis , pardubice , liberec etc. , so there is still option . 
  intersting thing about czechia is , that we have very equalitarian society ( second after denmark i think ) . 
  so there are not many really poor people , but also not many rich people . 
  i would say most are lower middle class . 
  prague has more upper middle class inhibitans , so they can afford new housing there , but the prices are going up really fast even for them . 
  also , there are many international buyers , which pushes the prices up . 
  the same here , around 30-50 % of income . 
  it depends on the location , if you pay rent , have a mortgage etc. 
  i just read , that developers in prague decided to rise housing prices on western levels in few years . 
  they forgot somehow , that our salaries are not rising in similar speed . 
  so it 's going to be interesting . 
  i hope , that we do n't end up like london , where local people are push out by ever increasing prices in favor of foreign and speculative investments . 
  i was there between 2011-2013 . 
  i 'm not aware of any `` bad '' neighborhood there . 
  it 's not that big town . 
  and often of better quality, 
  i 'm shocked . 
  arnhem is usually very peaceful place . 
  i was there countless of times with my ex-boyfriend . 
  holding hands was not a problem , yes you get stares sometimes , but never anything negative . 
  exactly . 
  when i mention such facts in czech discussions , i 'm portrayed as someone who likes to complain :-) . 
  some people do n't like to see facts . 
  yes , i know that we are `` rich '' in the global perspective , but that does n't mean that we shall remain sleeping beauties and that we wo n't try to improve things which need improvement . 
  there are more important topics - for people who are not affected, 
  it 's interesting how anti-lgbtq groups try to use the `` family card '' , while there are many gay families and `` rainbow '' childern . 
  how are these families and children supposed to feel during such campaigns ? 
  the only one who is anti-family are these bigoted groups . 
  regions , where people commute to work, 
  the tendency for societies to have fewer children as they become richer appears to be universal across races , religions and ethnicities . 
  `` stability and physical security , education ( especially for women ) and wide access to contraception . 
  the faster these conditions are met , the faster birth rates come down . 
  war , famine and other disasters tend to boost population in the long run , by keeping fertility rates high . 
  it is only when parents are confident that their children will survive that they risk having fewer of them '' the economist this is why africa needs stability and education , the faster the better . 
  regions , where most of people commute to work and such boosting their gdp, 
  bullies should be expelled , not those who are bullied by them, 
  investments in their economy , education , infrastructure etc. 
  is going to have the same effect as everywhere else in the world - stabilisation of the population i.e.
