  many politicians have blood on their hands already . 
  the european project is at risk as well , the call of many eu-countries is ignored . 
  if germany ( as eu leader ) does n't change its policy and does n't start to cooperate and listen the rest of eu , there wo n't be any solution soon . 
  he got crazy !, 
  hope , nobody believes him, 
  we see it as a failure of european leaders . 
  we ca n't understand , why there are no actions taken for months and years actually . 
  how difficult is to set eu-processing centers in greece or even better in turkey . 
  such , we could monitor the people who wants to come in the eu and sort them based on refugee status or the status of economic migrant . 
  eu-countries who want migrants or just need labor ( germany ) , could take them easily from those official centers and such stop their crazy and dangerous journey through x countries . 
  people who would try to break the law by not using the official centers and procedures , would be denied entry . 
  people in eu are very helpful and emphatic , but they do n't want to have the current chaos and craziness . 
  eu leaders do n't listen to ordinary people and do nothing about it . 
  the moods are rising and we can see more and more radicalism . 
  sometimes , it seems to me like someone wants it this way . 
  as one famous sociologist said , there are two major things society needs : freedom and security . 
  they are slightly in contradiction . 
  because of the current ongoing chaos , the european society is willing to give up freedoms ( free movement , personal freedoms etc. ), 
  for more security . 
  something , what would be very difficult to do couple of years ago . 
  again , why is this ? 
  or could eventually someone profit from this ? 
  we do n't know yet . 
  it 's hard to see how much progress we did since wwii in europe with freedoms we never had before and now we may loose them piece by piece . 
  no , but you do :-), 
  we like them !, 
  my boss is an american :-), 
  i would never leave my family when in need , leaving them in camp and taking the money they have left for my risky trip . 
  i would be ashamed . 
  i would do whatever to improve my family well being in the first safe country we enter together and i would be grateful for any help my family could get . 
  reading some comments here - jesus !, 
  i am in favor of solidarity , but only when appreciated !, 
  let 's have look at this : first , many immigrants coming in eu via greece are not refugees . 
  please distinguish between refugee and immigrant . 
  these people target germany and sweden the most . 
  why ? 
  generous social system and welcoming politics . 
  the people using this route are the ones least affected by the things going on in their countries , the most wealthy ones and the most adventurous . 
  do you think , common syrian refugee has around approx . 
  5000 and more eur per head for the trip ? 
  do you think average syrian refugee would try such long and costly trip ? 
  the people who are in need and the ones we should help are in syria and in refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  we should help them by building schools there , by improving health conditions , by making pressure internationally and trying to stop the war there . 
  we should be united when ending the conflict in syria !, 
  this is how you help the syrian people and not by `` inviting '' the most adventurous ones ( mostly youth between 20 and 30 ) to europe taking dangerous trip via x countries . 
  secondly , there is a question we need to ask ? 
  are you refugee when you enter safe country and you try to get to another safe country ? 
  is turkey dangerous or greece or macedonia or serbia or hungary or austria ? 
  i have been only in greece and austria , and i find them safe . 
  most of the syrian refugees are enormously greatful to turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  again , we should help there !, 
  we should help those countries who carry the burden . 
  the most vulnerable are there !!!, 
  if some country want to take some of them , do it !, 
  but choose in syria , turkey , lebanon or jordan and do n't support this madness via greece , you support the crimminals living from this chaos !, 
  present proposals within eu are tragic !, 
  and they make the atmosphere even worse inside eu , between individual member countries . 
  it 's just crazy and shocking, 
  i did comment on his immigrant background because he is populist with anti-immigrant rhetoric - which is interesting , given his own history . 
  as you can clearly see from my post , i am in favour of controlled immigration . 
  funny facts : he is himself an immigrant from slovakia and our biggest anti immigrant populist tomio okamura is half japanese . 
  it seems the loudest are the ones with some complexes about their identity . 
  most of the people do n't take them seriously anyway . 
  he is a populist , most of the people do n't take him seriously, 
  unlike us , many european countries have declining populations due to very low birth rates ( germany included ) . 
  it has been estimated , that germany needs 500k annually to maintain it 's social system in the future due to aging of its population . 
  now , we are facing extreme refugee situation because of wars around europe , but it wont last forever . 
  although many people do n't want to hear that , europe will need young immigrants to maintain its high social standards in the future . 
  germany know that , so they absorb many refugees to train them and hopefully involve them in the economy asap . 
  we can discuss the choice of immigrants as young , skilled and educated would be preferable , but as i said above , there is a big refugee situation going on and it 's hard to choose right know as most of newcomers fleeing war in syria . 
  it 's friday , go party !, 
  you should stop drinking !, 
  yes , we know about him !, 
  any country , i would consider each person individually with regards to their skills , education and the degree of possible assimilation with locals, 
  dear god !, 
  what for article is this ? 
  this article is completely exaggerated . 
  tabloid journalism in its finest . 
  he uses the `` parlamentni listy '' and `` blesk '' as references . 
  it 's like to use daily mail and daily star as sources of information . 
  unbelievable . 
  we have almost half a million foreigners in the czech republic and they are thriving beside the general public . 
  most of them are from central and eastern europe ( slovakia , ukraine and russia ) and from asia ( vietnam , china , mongolia ) . 
  for instance , the vietnamese immigrants are given as an example of successfully integrated minority with completely different cultural background . 
  it 's important to notice , that czech republic has different migration population compare to countries like france , uk , the netherlands , belgium etc. 
  here , we have newcomers from east of europe and far east of asia unlike france and uk where the majority of non-indigenous people are from their former colonies in africa , caribbean , americas , middle east and southeast asia . 
  the people here were never exposed to people from africa or people with islam as their faith . 
  there may be some tensions in general public fearing people from these regions , which we were never in contact . 
  also , given their reputation by world media when covering sectarian violence , intolerance , gender represions etc. , it does n't help to make the local people to welocme them with open arms . 
  in conclusion , this is a sensation seeking article . 
  we have migrant population and we are happy with them . 
  the new wave of immigrants is a completaly new to us given their cultural background and the conditions under they come to europe . 
  this may induce widespread discussion within the public ( unfortunately , populists included ) . 
   annexation of zaolzie well , poland has betrayed us twice within 30 years . 
  first time with nazi germany in 1938 and second time with soviet union in 1968 . 
  [ 1620 - the battle of white mountain , after which followed violent germanization and re-catholicization of czech lands for the next 300 years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_white_mountain ), 
  it 's obvious you do n't understand the matter . 
  humans are sexualy fluid in their nature ( evolution ) . 
  our sexuality is not strictly fixed . 
  the `` norm '' we had for centuries was shaped by religion and any difference was punished ( which is not natural at all ) .
