  [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/c/c7/at-risk-of_poverty_or_social_exclusion_rate%2c_2014_and_2015%28%25%29.png ) , they adjust it for each country individually i believe, 
  czech salaries are 1/3 of german and the cost of living is 2/3 of germany and it 's rising . 
  on the other hand , there is minimal actual poverty and is the lowest from the entire eu . 
  many people live on the income edge though , from month to month and ca n't save anything so when unexpected situation appears they are fucked and have to go and lend money for high rates ( yes , plenty agencies live from them ) . 
  many end up in the circle of no return and go for personal bankruptcy . 
  as of 2017 , 834 000 people had financial execution order here which is around 8 % of the population . 
  most of them wo n't get from it . 
  ok it boy, 
  why such butthurt ? 
  you just promote more guns among people cuz you are gun lover . 
  but , real life is different and people are easily impulsive in using such force in cases where it 's not absolutely needed . 
  say goodbye to low homicide rates in cz . 
  why do you throw foreigners into this ? 
  the illegal gun market in cz is huge as well so mafianos from the whole region go for `` holiday shopping '' here, 
  gun is a weapon meant to kill or harm !, 
  why anyone needs gun at home ? 
  i thought wild west and wild east times were gone, 
  so when the criminality drops significantly , why do you need more guns ? 
  is n't it counterproductive ? 
  it was complete failure of the system , that 's why this example . 
  how you gon na prevent such crimes with legally held guns ? 
  have you heard about the shooting in uhersk\u00fd brod ? 
  just guy with gun murdering 9 people in the restaurant, 
  i 'm curious about the mood in the society when some kid finds dad 's gun in the drawer and shoots its sibling or jelly psycho husband killing its wife and kids, 
  boy , there is nothing more scary than pensioners waiting for discount , they can become killers machines, 
  jesus , ave maria , holy spirit ! . . , now plumbers with guns, 
  they always do, 
  more arms among people = higher chance of their use in homicides . 
  basic calculation . 
   to start killing each other average czech hates other czechs , that 's all you need to know . 
  so far they used only the murderous look at someone , now it might change / s, 
  so its citizens can kill each other ? 
  it works in the us so well, 
  texas much, 
  because the leading party is worried about the elections in september so any vote is welcomed ( incl . 
  rainbow votes ), 
  i guess , the elections in september might play some role, 
  younger , well traveled czechs are at ease with legal immigration , but the majority of populace are rednecks who travel max to croatia so their view is limited and they see only catastrophic scenarios, 
  good work !, 
  ok , let 's get back to your initial comment where you blame it on communism . 
  i showed you , that non-ussr communist countries i.e. 
  czechoslovakia , hungary etc. 
  allowed same sex activity already in the 60s . 
  the soviet union was against , so it 's something local there why they had/have this problem . 
  it 's not connected to the idea of communism though . 
  see , so it 's not about communism but about local politicians/societal attitudes/religious pressure . 
  but , i get what you want to say , the pressure of the official ussr propaganda influenced baltic populace . 
  not regime but religious institutions and conservative politicians , we had communism and same-sex sexual activity was allowed since 1962, 
  this attitude was in the west as well in the past , but look how it changed . 
  former communist states experienced the return of religion and celebrating old patriarchal traditions so that 's the main cause . 
  i 've met lesbian slovak in the netherlands and slovak gays in cz , they all said that it 's rather difficult there to be openly out . 
  i thought , that young generation could change this for the better . 
  one day , one day !, 
  are young people more open minded towards lgbtq in slovakia ? 
  hopefully it will pass . 
  that could inspire our dinosaurs for the same . 
  it 's rather you butthurt showing, 
  i would n't be surprised if some sadistic serial killer has been behind this, 
  it 's not because of communism, 
  i thought , that latvia would be more in favor as they are mostly lutherans so they could have closer to nordic mentality . 
  it 's not just one company , it 's a chronic problem in the whole region concerning whole industries . 
  i do n't find having 1/3 of german wages while cost of living reaches 60-70 % of germany as something great, 
  it really helped on the continent as ` increases in human stature are a key indicator of improvements in the average health of populations ' due to benefits of long-term improvements in nutrition . 
  brits were one of the tallest [ before wwi ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pydhsjo.png ) . 
  while germans , austrians , czechs etc. 
  were shorter . 
  now , it 's the opposite . 
  better quality and better accessibility of food products for masses on the continent after wwii . 
  uk kept its society divided by classes , so the poorer had no access to quality products until quite recently . 
  this needs to spread across the whole region . 
  say no to human exploitation . 
  yes , i 've also noticed . 
  brits are in general shorter than people across the channel . 
  well europe needs people as there are many job vacancies . 
  it would help if there was significant pay rise on the continent , people would gladly move as it 's the only thing why they are in the uk . 
   are you getting a housing problem in prague , big demand and few projects which leds to ever rising prices so people look further and further from the city . 
  this results to transportation problems as people have to commute longer distances . 
  it 's like chain reaction . 
  third biggest island of mediterranean . 
  ancient greek heritage . 
  northern part was invaded by turkey and since then the country is divided . 
  popular holiday destination for brits and israelis . 
  tax haven . 
  we gon na join , just we do n't know when, 
  corruption is here but in a different form from what you have described . 
  it 's more `` sophisticated '' and not really actual bribes in envelope or similar . 
  in construction of infrastructure , they often `` make it '' that they win the contract ( when there is competition ) and later they increase the cost for `` extra and unexpected costs '' . 
  it 's more about clientelism and involvement of politicians who make it happen for chosen companies . 
  western companies too were/are involved so not just local . 
  famous examples were contracts for army . 
  this is what happens when you type faster than you realise, 
  why it helped countries like baltics , ireland , slovakia etc. 
  then ? 
  bad politics and overall ineffective state mechanism . 
  in the beginning , czech politicians were like `` yeah , let 's get back to austrian , german level '' . 
  it did n't go this way , so now they are `` look we 're still better than balkan '' . 
  on a serious note , czechs really thought that they will get close to germany in 20-30 years after the fall . 
  it was n't bad idea as we had all the potential for it . 
  unoftunatelly , bad/unskilled/corrupted people got to directive positions and politics . 
  we could ' t catch up ( but we did n't go to the bottom either as many ee countries in the 90s ) .
