  interesting . 
  berlin vibe is famous . 
  when i was visiting , i was like : well i can imagine to live here . 
  usually , capitals offer the most opportunities in whatever field you like . 
  you can be self-employed artist , you can have vegan cafeteria or doing web design etc. , but still you count as employed ( at least here in prague ) . 
  so , that 's why i was surprised with the high unemployment in berlin given the masse of young professionals . 
  how come , that berlin has the highest unemployment from the entire germany ? 
  [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7241268/1-28042016-bp-en.pdf/c2a7d306-73ad-4a7e-a980-5c4410d2d1e2 ) is detailed map for each eu region regarding unemployment, 
  slavic homeland was in central-eastern europe , the territories of today 's eastern poland , belarus and ukraine . 
  they were farmers . 
  they adapted to fertile lowland farming between big rivers . 
  this made the population to grow stadily over centuries ( also , they were not really war people unlike germanic tribes . 
  so , the stability also helped to their big numbers ) . 
  slavs were known to ancient greeks and romans as antes and veneti . 
  western slavs were known as wends in germanic languages . 
  because slavs were farmers in the great lowlands , they were affected with the various nomadic invasions from the east and siberia . 
  this epoche is known as the migration period . 
  slavs moved into all directions to seek more secure areas : northeast towards volga river , south toward balkans and alps and west towards elbe river . 
  they asimilated with the local populations of the particular place they arived . 
  this and the distance between each other caused , that the language and their identity started to change , which lead to various languages and national identities . 
  yeah !, 
  sad , that we have to talk about it again in 21st century . 
  such a basic thing for any human society !, 
  not surprised by muslim politician , maybe she should get out of labour party, 
  if he ca n't take criticism , why is he politician ? 
  do n't know where you get your percentages most people are liberal , they just fear uncontrolled migration, 
  neo-nazi have no place here !, 
  we are still communist realm . 
  one small populist party made it to the parliament some time ago , but they are mostly ridiculous figures . 
  scary , i 'm afraid of similar pattern in many countries of eu, 
  insecure morons , what can one expect, 
  most of the world is still run by `` masculine '' traditions and prejudice towards anything feminine . 
  scandinavia is one of the best places to live on this planet for human beings no matter you are male , female , straight , gay , etc. . 
  the majority of countries are maybe great places for males - straight males , but not for the rest of humanity . 
  this is the difference . 
  those who complain about sweden just did n't get what makes some place great for people and what makes some place terrible dark hole to live . 
  and ? 
  they are better than most of the countries here, 
  exactly !, 
  slovaks are very conservative, 
  here in czechia , it has increased immensely as well . 
  you have so many options these days . 
  omg , i was afraid to click at the link for what might come . 
  german purity law - let 's say , not the best wording ... 
  gib money/s, 
  quite scary analysis , but kinda relevant, 
  yeah , do n't know . 
  estonia is the least dependant and on the other hand , latvia and lithuania import a lot . 
  becherovka to rule them all, 
  it 's a tv show , so stage performance is as important as the song . 
  north americans can laugh as they want , but looking at some of their shows , you can have more fun watching them . 
  eurovision is well known beyond europe with nearly 200 mio viewers , so american super bowl with 114 mio viewers and expensive adverts can wish to have such audience . 
  local performers would never get such attention . 
  you can help your artists to get famous worldwide . 
  btw , we have a good [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0l2imzro6ny ) this year !, 
  more like gr\u00edma wormtongue, 
  with the wide audience of hundreds of millions watching annually , i think you actually make money, 
  well , russia is mordor so you have to be awake and ready for everything, 
  why ? 
  it 's about money , not strategy much . 
  eastern eu wo n't suffer by lack of gas . 
  it 'll go to germany , but the pipelines can run in both directions now . 
  if russia does some threatening , the gas can be redirected to the east . 
  we have made our pipelines to run in both directions , so when there was the gas crisis , we have supplied slovakia with gas . 
  the thing is , that the current transit countries will lose money for transit , as it 'll go directly to nordwest . 
  edit : more about reverse flow and eu energy security [ here ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-308_en.htm ) . 
  each country has different level of energy vulnerability . 
  eu energy cooperation increases as an answer to possible threats . 
  * regarding the overall energy import dependency , according to eurostat the least energy import dependent member states in 2014 were estonia ( 8.9 % ) , denmark ( 12.8 % ) and romania ( 17.0 % ) , followed by poland ( 28.6 % ) , the czech republic ( 30.4 % ) , sweden ( 32.0 % ) , the netherlands ( 33.8 % ) and bulgaria ( 34.5 % ) . the highest energy import dependency rates were registered in malta ( 97.7 % ) , luxembourg ( 96.6 % ) , cyprus ( 93.4 % ) , ireland ( 85.3 % ) , belgium ( 80.1 % ) and lithuania ( 77.9 % ) *, 
  guys , did you read the article ? 
  czechia wo n't lose but gain . 
  it 's gon na be transit country when ns2 is build . 
  considering other countries , we are just waiting how it turns out in the end and not pushing it hard forward yet . 
  definitely , there is going to be some sort of reforms of eu in the near future . 
  you can feel it in the air . 
  as more countries complain and the current mechanisms does n't work to fully satisfy all the needs we have and challenges we face , there will be structural changes . 
  how ? 
  when ? 
  we do n't know yet . 
  sure , the british helped to address such issues . 
  european countries have to find solutions how to cooperate with each other in much better , dynamic and effective ways then before . 
  eu will go through changes , it 's a certain thing . 
  :-) yeah , but when faced with reality ( i.e. 
  eu or not ) , people would start to think more rationally and about how it may affect them personally . 
  uk has different position , it 's not as dependant on eu as czechs are . 
  do n't worry about it much . 
  it 's a natural suspicious nature of small countries ( partly given historically ) and it does n't apply to czechia only , but to many small nations around the globe . 
  in reality , i do n't remember of better reputation of german people among czechs in my lifetime . 
  germans are seen very positively . 
  other thing is the policy of germany as a state . 
  our state relations are also very good and improved immensely over the past decades . 
  the slight disagreement was over greek debt crisis and refugee policy where ( especially regarding the second one ) it 's hard to find common ground as each see it differently and of course germany has bigger say in this . 
  it 's politics , nothing unusual under the sun . 
  yeah , people do n't know even how eu works . 
  czechs are naturally against any form of `` upper management '' and very suspicious . 
  it 's not a big deal , it 's kind of national sport to complain . 
  austrians are quite similar in regards of `` complain culture '' . 
  looks like las vegas, 
  sad person, 
  someone surprised ?
