  royal family , island mentality , colonial history , the home of lingua franca of 21st century , love-hate relationship with france , celtic and saxon genes , oceanic climate , driving on the left side , great scientists came from there , 4 nations , traders , class divide greater than on the continent , good music and hot actors, 
  i think , we will get closer in certain ways in eu , it 's inevitable but we wo n't be us-style state for very long time if ever, 
  you go germany , fortunately for us we are on the same side this time, 
  why all those far-righters love russia so much ? 
  oil money and populist agenda ? 
  austria just reminds us , that they border hungary and that they have long history of populism, 
  googled pictures , i was expecting more swedish meatballs shape, 
  why not fleischkugeln , that makes more sense, 
  as i have written in comment couple of days ago different taste excuse is the one which they use often like wholemeal pastry : 59 % of wholemeal flour in german wholemeal bread vs 19 % of wholemeal flour in czech wholemeal bread ( the same product , the same producer ) or the same ham with 91 % of meat in german one vs 71 % of meat in czech one but we have so different taste , that when we buy ham we want as less as possible meat in it or wholemeal bread which is not wholemeal it 's to mislead consumers , that 's all, 
  wow !, 
  here , they have political immunity for the entire term . 
  if they are found guilty , mps have to vote , if he/she should be extradited to the justice system . 
  yes , indicted there were some cases , where they were already convicted , but they somehow avoided prison or it was re-evaluated by different judges, 
  two brothers , where tatra mountains made barrier , so they could n't fight each other, 
  i think , we rank quite high and together with estonia , we are the top from the former communist block . 
  where we lack behind is political participation and political culture . 
  this is not surprising for country , which was under dictatorship for 40 years . 
  i think our political culture is improving , yet it 's not like i.e. 
  in sweden yet , where if politician is convicted with direct evidence of corruption or abuse of power he/she resign immediately . 
  here , if there is not huge pressure and public outrage , they wo n't resign and they wo n't even think about it . 
  this goes with political participation . 
  people are not as active as they should be . 
  this is unfortunatelly the heritage of the regime . 
  people 30 + lived during dictatorship and they are also the vast majority of voters . 
  all of our politicians lived during dictatorship . 
  our society is still in learning process about the dynamics and realations between voters and decision makers and about the responsibilities which goes with that . 
  distatorship violates the relationship between people and decision makers which goes in to the extreme roles of abusers vs victims . 
  submisive society is not teached to make decisions or to be active but to keep pre-designed order and to expect punishment if not . 
  many people have grown up in this value system and it 's something to hard to shake off for some , especially for the older ones . 
  it just reflects what i 've heard today on the bus stop `` two pensioners talking , that it would be good to have some mild dictator , because people do and say whatever they want these days '' - me rolling my eyes . 
  those pensioners will never really understand democracy and what does it mean to participate in it . 
  they need someone to be the strong authority ( dictator ) who is going to maintain order and who is to be feared . 
  this heritage is the reason why some former ex-communist countries returned to semi-dictatorial system and why the generational change is so important ( regarding both , voters and politicians ) . 
  interestingly , you can distinguish the historic core of prague ( red roofs ), 
  we seem to be average as it gets, 
  been there , beautiful . 
  great one day trip from madrid . 
  unfortunately , not everyone has the choice . 
  when you live in a small town with one chain supermarket , you can shop only there . 
  you have options in bigger cities , or people living close to borders shop in germany . 
  interesting , that the food chains in czechia are mostly german owned . 
  people turn to local farm markets , but they are not everywhere . 
  i personally buy products with original label i.e. 
  in dutch when shopping in albert here or in english when shopping in m&s , so i know that i buy original products and not fake one for easterners . 
  different taste excuse is the one which they use often like wholemeal pastry : 59 % of wholemeal flour in german wholemeal bread vs 19 % of wholemeal flour in czech wholemeal bread ( the same product , the same producer ) or the same ham with 91 % of meat in german one vs 71 % of meat in czech one but we have so different taste , that when we buy ham we want as less as possible meat in it or wholemeal bread which is not wholemeal it 's to mislead consumers , that 's all, 
  ridiculous , how come hungary is closer and closer to the russia crazy levels ? 
  i was curious which is our 82nd biggest city and it turns out it 's [ pelh\u0159imov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pelh%c5%99imov ) . 
  very pretty town in lovely region . 
  yes , they want to lobby for that , but there are bigger fishes wanting the same, 
  i think , neither of them would get it . 
  eba most likely to paris , frankfurt , amsterdam or milan . 
  ema to sweden , denmark , italy , belgium or france . 
  or amsterdam, 
  let 's see where ema and eba relocate . 
  yeah , they want to escape social problems in the east , that 's why so many people emigrated besides economical reasons . 
  why would especially young people want to live in countries where they have to face enormous obstacles , when they can freely move elsewhere ? 
  i do n't blame them . 
  yet the irony is , that those corrupted politicians who call for old times , nationalism and who scare people with their apocalyptic visions , are the reason why so many people left . 
  i always find it ironic , when some politicians in hungary , poland , russia etc say , that countries in the west are collapsing , while the flow of migrants goes from their countries westwards . 
  grad / * hrad * means castle in czech . 
  yes , [ nov\u00e9 m\u011bsto na morav\u011b ( new town in moravia ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nov%c3%a9_m%c4%9bsto_na_morav%c4%9b ) [ there are many more ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/nov%c3%a9_m%c4%9bsto ), 
  still , the second biggest country on the world with massive natural resources and ever growing population . 
  maybe you should visit orphanages in romania for reality check, 
  yeah , equal rights is such a regression !, 
  look where the right to vote for women or end of slavery got us . 
  what a terrible society we have , golden medieval times . 
   we are very slow on policymaking in the area . 
  this . 
  it 's not something politicians would get a lots of votes for , so they do n't care much . 
  they ( kdu\u010csl ) are against everything related to lgbtq , abortions etc. 
  thay 're real countryside christian conservatives in these issues . 
  their party leader is regular participant of `` for family '' demonstration during prague pride . 
  100 % agree , this is the reality, 
  i like the drone footage of [ lyon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpglil_o7iw ), 
  it 's said , that czech crown is 40 % undervalued to us dollar and 30 % to euro . 
  alps , tunnels , lakes , flag , banks , tax evading , 4 languages , traditional , neutralism , expensive , chocolate , davos , un , cern, 
  it 's not like usa and europe are getting apart , but it 's more reaction on the current geopolitical changes . 
  relations between usa and eu will stay strong , they are just going to be adjusted and rationalised . 
  the major dependancy on the usa in regards to defence was unsustainable in the long run . 
  we do n't live in the post wwii and cold war europe anymore . 
  the transatlantic area is not going to be the solely dominant force in trade , military etc. 
  world is changing and we have to adapt . 
  it 's up to us here in europe how we gon na succeed on the world stage . 
  the biggest enemy for europe is europe itself and its tradition of divisiveness , populism , protectionism and spitefulness between each other . 
  if we stay sane and united i do n't think there is anyone to truly challange us or something we could n't do . 
  nominal yes , ppp not . 
  it 's also because we use different currencies . 
  slovenia has euro , we have czech crown , which is artificially undervaluated by national bank ( they say , to help exports ) . 
  they should end their policy this year , so let 's see what this will do . 
  industry is very strong here . 
  we have two very industrialised regions : moravian-silesian region and northern bohemia . 
  there is steel industry , coal mining , coal heating plants , petro-chem industry and chemical industry . 
  the biggest emission generators are companies : t\u0159ineck\u00e9 \u017eelez\u00e1rny ( steel ) , arcelormittal ostrava ( steel ) , \u010cez ( power plants ) , sokolovsk\u00e1 uheln\u00e1 ( coal ) , unipetrol ( petrochemical ) , elektr\u00e1rna po\u010derady ( power plant ) , elektr\u00e1rna chvaletice ( power plant ) and others . 
  also , older cars and home heating using coal contribute to the overall situation . 
  it 's a combination of many factors . 
  minimum wage have truly minimum workers here . 
  employers say `` if you increase it , those people are going to be out of work '' as they are usually very low skilled or hard to employ . 
  ofcourse , employers could pay more , but why would they if there is no pressure . 
  regarding the average salary , that is at [ 793 eur compare to 1092 eur ] ( https://www.reinisfischer.com/average-salary-european-union-2016 ) in slovenia . 
  in general , czech republic lacks labor unions , which would make pressure on employers and government .
