  the argies have forced people to sing ` marcha de las malvinas ' at public events for a few years now . 
  well , it 'd basically be the same thing but with far tighter cooperation and the exclusion of the us and canada . 
  i do n't see how it would n't make nato obsolete , what would be the point when we 'd be defending ourselves anyway ? 
  by all means keep the us as a close ally , but i do n't see the point in arguing for two nearly identical military unions for the same purpose . 
  there 's a difference between calling someone out , and spreading hyperbole for profit . 
  4 years ? 
  do n't you mean 8 ? 
  trump has a long career ahead of him if the us left keeps reacting the way they are now . 
  the democrats have n't learned a thing , and are only digging deeper into the coastal identity politics that cost them so many states . 
  you 're so close to the mark , but not quite there . 
  it 's not that they 're writing stuff that interests viewers , they 're writing the most sensationalist things possible to shift papers and drive clicks . 
  you said it yourself that there 's hundreds of news organisations , and they 're all struggling to stay afloat in the current oversaturated market . 
  there 's no conspiracy to blame for the loss of integrity , only a collapsing industry . 
   afterall nato is outdated and not needed anyway , right ? 
  your presidents words . 
  is n't this sub pretty much the loudest supporter on the web for a consolidated eu armed forces that would eliminate the need for us protection ? 
  you 'd think that out of all of trump 's policies , his views on nato would be the one we agree on . 
  well , you could argue that they were always here . 
  it 's called the * silent * majority for a reason . 
  the outrage from the media and celebrity class , and the hysteria they 're trying to generate shows to me who wanted hillary to win the most , and this childish behaviour is because they 've lost control of the unwashed masses . 
  unfortunately , the eu 's idea of reformation involves consolidating more power in brussels , and aggravating the current issues . 
  the eu will not give up it 's power back to the people anytime soon . 
  i take that back , your reaction is even better !, 
  listen lad , all i 'm doing is holding up a mirror to this sub , who always have the same two reactions towards news coming from the uk . 
  if you do n't like the reflection , that 's your fault . 
  ooh , salty . 
  did i strike a nerve ? 
  do n't like it when someone breaks the circlejerk ? 
  something good happens in the uk : this had nothing to do with brexit , it 's just the result of a global economic rise . 
  world trade and politics is far more complicated than brexiteers think !, 
  anything bad happens in the uk : ** this is what you get for voting in favour of brexit , you filthy traitorous rostbiffs **, 
  why would you actually * want * this sub to be a massive circlejerk ? 
  and let this sub become an even bigger insufferable circlejerk ? 
  i 'll stay thanks . 
  because it was n't always like this . 
  things were quite nice until brexit happened , and the federalists crawled out of the woodwork . 
  you underestimate the apathy of the british population . 
  we could make contact with alien life , and we 'll probably dismiss it as more bloody foreigners on the nhs . 
  to be honest if the nhs had to be sold to anyone , richard branson is probably the best pick . 
  / r/europe is filled with anglophobic shitheads ? 
  i 'd had never guessed !, 
  considering how gung-ho most people are around here for a european federation , i 'm surprised this sub still hates russia more . 
  do n't forget to bribe those regulators too !, 
  let 's not pretend that the german automobile industry is all sunshine and rainbows . 
  something was probably lost in translation then . 
  to say someone is part of the ` working public ' generally refers to the working classes , not everyone who has a job . 
  i also think you 're making far too many assumptions about the uk market , much like the infamous brussels beurocrats who have disenfranchised the uk with similar schools of thought . 
  i ca n't think of anyone who 's working class that would trust an eu immigrant to work on their home , and i know people who have made great success in grafting jobs just by advertising themselves as british . 
  i can assure you that outside employers looking to save some money and get away with poor working conditions , there is no demand for foreign labour in the uk . 
  our decision to leave the eu should be proof enough of this . 
   most of the working public that i know love hiring these immigrants not exactly working class if they 're doing the * hiring * , are they ? 
   because they work harder and cost less to hire than the `` native '' alternatives . 
  again , bullshit on the ` they work harder ' claim . 
  the only reason they 're preferred is because they work for peanuts and because they do n't know their rights as a worker like the natives do ( probably where the ` they work harder ' claim comes from ) . 
  and all that 's doing is causing more problems as employers drive wages down even more below the breadline and get away with abusing staff more . 
  nobody wins here , except those who were already well off to begin with . 
  globalism has only widened the wealth gap and driven people into poverty in the uk , and that 's why we want out . 
   something that is of essential importance to the uk like skilled labor . 
  you ca n't be serious right ? 
  swamping the uk with ` skilled labour ' from eastern europe that was never needed or asked for is what drove us into this situation in the first place . 
  this is absolutely the kind of out of touch rhetoric that helped the leave campaign succeed . 
  nick denton denied lots of things too when he fucked up on a similar scale . 
   it would make headlines all across the world if for example us president would meet ` ordinary ' people when infact its proven to be useful idiots/actors because president is too scared from ordinary people . 
  did n't hillary clinton do exactly that throughout her campaign ? 
  well , rick wilson certainly did !, 
  you should n't really believe anything you read on 4chan , but they 're generally accurate when it comes to claiming credit for something that they pulled . 
  congratulations america , you got duped by a [ 4chan troll . 
  ] ( https://i.sli.mg/3un0td.png ) the hookers pissing in obama 's bed should have given it away , but i suppose anyone is willing to believe anything now if the media says trump did it . 
  also , why the hell is this story on / r / ** europe ** ? 
  keep this crap on the subs they belong on , no need to turn this place into / r/politics 2.0 . 
  `` freedom of speech = hatred to muslims '' makes their intentions even more crystal clear to me . 
  they do n't want politiness , they want full blown anti-blasphemy protection . 
  that 's alright , we never had one to begin with . 
  see you in spring ? 
  you 're goddamned right . 
  we fought against each other , we fought with each other , and now we get drunk on cheap wine together . 
  we ca n't promise anything . 
  by the way , how 's the weather in the south of france nowadays ? 
  differing cultures , and a comparative lack of shared history is what does it . 
  we have a close bond with france , but that 's about it . 
  ha , you 've got to be kidding me . 
  the uk has been the only thing stopping the eu from turning into a single state orwellian nightmare , if you think the euro and schengen have been a total disaster so far , just wait until we 're not there to apply the brakes !, 
  meanwhile we 'll have a brilliant time finally being allowed to trade with our former colonies again ( who do n't hate us , seriously have you never heard of the commonwealth before ) , enjoy closer ties with the us , and any other country that 's become sick of eu red tape ruining trade . 
  as for romania , they were a poverty ridden shithole that was exploited by the ussr , and it 'll be a poverty ridden shithole that will be exploited by the eu . 
  meet the new boss , same as the old boss . 
  assuming it survives the next 5 . 
  ha , back to citing opinion polls are we ? 
  because relying on that particular crux has turned out really well for the establishment this year !, 
  i did , and did n't see any mention of the uk !, 
  we joined with the ecsc , not the eec . 
  we were in it purely for the trade because that 's what we signed up for , a trade union . 
  we were pissed when the the eec took control of the ecsc , and we were doubly pissed when it was all merged together as the eu . 
  the result of the brexit referendum is the result of decades from out of touch politicians in westminster pushing for greater european integration against the wishes of the population . 
  how else you would you describe his conquest of europe ? 
  that must be easy coming from a country with little to lose , that 's used to the idea of subjugation . 
  britain however , values it 's independence . 
  nice revisionist history you 've got going there !, 
  the thing is , britain never begged to join the eu . 
  we begged to join it 's precursor , the european coal and steel community . 
  which back then was purely a trade union , with no political power .
