  gon na call major bullshit on that . 
  looking through my own comment history sorted from top , and my most upvoted comment on the sub is at least a dozen pages down ( past comments on subs like / r/politics , / r/lgbt and / r/circlebroke ) , and is just a [ dumb , harmless joke about muhammed . 
  ] ( https://reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/67fkvq/breaking_muslim_migrants_found_to_be_leaving_dog/dgq77qq?context=3 ) if you wanted to play the guilt by association game , you could at least avoid making shit up about my posting history . 
  you made a comment about merkel being an ` actual leader in control of the situation ' . 
  i gave a pretty huge example where that clearly was n't the case . 
  this is n't about me a ` t_d stereotype ' , this is about you getting mad that i roasted this sub 's precious waifu . 
  yes , debate . 
  that thing that the left used to do before saying that everyone who disagrees with them is an evil racist homophobic fascist nazi . 
  start acting like adults and realise that you 'll never see the change you want in the world by throwing petty ad-hom insults . 
  not buying into the cult of hate around the man does n't make me a ` trump worshipper ' . 
  he 's living in your head lad , rent free . 
  you 've still got france , and judging from recent events in italy , the eu loves shoving massive burdens onto single member states . 
  you 'll do just peachy . 
  how so ? 
  / r/politics is an objectively terrible community where nuance and civil discourse are alien concepts , and being critical of open door migration is not racism . 
  try actually making counterpoints and engaging in debate instead of pointing at the big bad t_d boogeyman . 
  interesting conclusion to make , do you normally accuse anyone who questions open door immigration policies of being racists ? 
  i know you americans have very little concept of nuance and civil discourse , but i thought you were better than that . 
  continental europe actually needs to put funding into their military before they can think about weaning off the us 's teats . 
  europe falls back on the us not because they are ` world police ' but because europe ca n't stand on it 's own two feet thanks to decades of military underfunding . 
   she 's an actual leader in control of the situation . 
  judging from how she handled the migrant crisis , you could have fooled me . 
  yeah but he said mean things about illegal immigration , islamic terror , and corrupt corporate media , which makes him a nincompoop and the most evil man to walk the earth since adolf hitler . 
  jesus man , is this your first day on reddit or something ? 
  when you see someone running around with a pair of scissors , the solution is n't to open up a shortcut for them so they do n't have to run as far , but to stop them running in the first place . 
  italy can not solve the migrant crisis by shoving the problem onto somebody else . 
  nonsense . 
  ` rescue ' workers are literally picking up these migrants up just off the libyan coast . 
  we 're offering free ferry services for them nowadays . 
  it ca n't . 
  christianity and judaism did n't change themselves overnight , they changed bit by bit as they developed with the times . 
  islam is so unmoving and intolerant of change that even on a progressive site like reddit , treating men and women as equals is pure heresy . 
  first of all , thank you for actually answering the questions i 've been asking repeatedly , instead of downvoting and calling me a breitbart reading troll like people such as / u/cashflowqq . 
  it 's nice to know that there still some people on the left capable of intelligent debate . 
  there 's still a few issues though , notably the role germany played in dictating foreign policy to other eu members over internal borders and migrant quotas , and the direct role merkel played in encouraging more migrants to take the trip into europe , intentional or not . 
  it 's a misconception for one , that hungary flat out refused to close their border . 
  what they did do was made registering as a refugee in the country mandatory , refusing to spend their own limited public purse on being used by germany as a corridor for hundreds of thousands of migrants . 
  this i feel is perfectly fair , germany had absolutely no right to tell other eu member states how they should deal with the migrant crisis and threaten trade sanctions for those who refuse to comply . 
  sure germany 's solution may have been the most logical , but the way they wanted to and continue to strongarm it is absolutely immoral and oversteps their authority in europe . 
  instead of leaving it to the ( admittedly slow ) eu , merkel took matters into her own hands and gave endless ammo to those who say germany * is * the eu . 
  germany 's ` official position ' on sending back economic migrants also seems ill conceived , it 's no wonder that neighboring states shut their borders down in response . 
  how exactly does germany plan on sending the non-refugees back , when it 's already established that turkey will not accept them ? 
  how do they plan to keep track of every undocumented migrant across a continent with open border policy ? 
  it 's little wonder the balkans states ignored germany to enact their own solutions when germany 's long term plan is this poorly thought out . 
  then there 's the issue that even if merkel did n't mean it that way , the rest of the world took her speech as an open border invitation . 
  as you said , leftists rejoiced and the right balked as everyone took merkel 's words at face value . 
  worse is that the migrants themselves heard the news too , turning the situation from a few thousand genuine refugees in italy and greece to an endless procession of economic migrants making a beeline for germany and sweden under the assumptions they 'll be treated like kings . 
  if this was really a problem of media narratives burying the truth , where was merkel to re-clarify what she said ? 
  why did it take 13 months after her speech for her to offer any kind of apology for her reckless and irresponsible behaviour ? 
  instead of taking responsibility for her pr disaster , she let both sides of the media run wild with it and further polarising the already taboo subject of migration in europe . 
  i 'm embarrassing myself , sure . 
  funny how you 've dropped the whole denial of merkel 's open invitation , along with the claim that the media missed the ` context ' of it !, 
  you also keep hiding behind the excuse that i get all my news from ` dm , breitbart and watching fox news ' in some bizarre attempt to discredit my argument , when it 's common knowledge that the story of hungary 's strained relationship with germany over immigration was widely reported by everyone , including the [ telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/hungary/11841822/hungary-migration-crisis-is-germanys-problem-not-ours.html ) , [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34136823 ) , and even [ the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/03/migration-crisis-hungary-pm-victor-orban-europe-response-madness ) . 
  how about instead is resorting to insults and implying i get all my information from fake news , you actually engage in a debate ? 
  or do you avoid a debate because deep down , you know that your ideology does n't hold up to even the slightest of scrutiny ? 
   like what the fuck . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  oh wait i already know . 
  because it produces out of touch historical revisionists like you , and because it allows dangerous serial flip-floppers like merkel to stay in power unopposed for well over a decade . 
  breitbart and fox news ? 
  really ? 
  literally every single english speaking news outlet in the world repeated the claim of merkel 's ` open invitation ' , the vast majority of which actually supported at the time . 
  and the german bullying of other countries was absolutely a thing that happened , or is there some other reason why relations between germany and hungary are suddenly so frosty ? 
  i 'm honestly curious here , just where are you getting this historical revisionism from ? 
  i 've heard german media was bad , but this is some 1984 memory hole stuff here . 
  and again , if this was not the context of merkel 's 2015 speech and the entire english speaking world just ` got it wrong ' , then what was it ? 
  really ? 
  then what was the full context then behind her speech inviting as many migrants as possible into germany , and bulling any country that dared to get in the way ? 
   source ? 
    because that seems like nonsense . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/27/world/americas/mexicos-wind-farms-brought-prosperity-but-not-for-everyone.html?_r=0 https://www.forbes.com/sites/jamestaylor/2014/02/27/wind-industry-study-electricity-prices-skyrocketing-in-largest-wind-power-states/#aff4cab1e3f0 http://www.newsweek.com/whats-true-cost-wind-power-321480  i 've heard plenty of politicians talking about those . 
  if they are , they are very much absent in the uk . 
  there is zero opposition to the wind farm lobby here , where they use the threat of climate change to get whatever they want . 
   merkel is a clear example as well if you did n't stop paying attention after that one day in autumn 2015 . 
  unfortunately that one day in autumn 2015 did happen , and will not be forgotten . 
  the internet never forgets , and will not allow merkel the pleasure of sweeping this under the rug . 
  there 's also the other massive discussion that we just are n't having for some reason , and it 's how much renewable ` green energy ' efforts are really helping the problem . 
  not once have i ever seen a major news story or politician talking about how renewable power is the biggest contributing factor towards wealth inequality , or the massive government subsidies granted to them . 
  it makes you wonder if they 're really out to ` save the planet ' at all , or just turn a nice profit . 
  what people are making these claims ? 
  at this point it 's becoming a strawman . 
  i claimed that south africa has a problem with anti-white racism and that white farmers are leaving the country because of it . 
  do you believe those people are a ` dingus ' ? 
  because i feel i 've done a pretty good job at proving their fears are not unfounded . 
  and though terrible , i do n't particularly feel that 15 % is a big enough number to confuse the issue at all . 
  after looking into the author of that piece as well ( a habit picked up after ` fact checkers ' of the us election proved less than reliable ) i ca n't help but feel they have some sort of agenda they want to push . 
  you sympathise with these people ? 
  a few comments up you just called anyone anyone fleeing the country because they feared for their life a ` dingus ' . 
  does n't sound very sympathetic to me . 
  i also think you 're citing claims which i never made . 
  i never claimed there was some kind of genocide going on , only that white farmers are the victims of racially motivated attacks to the point where they 're fleeing for their lives . 
  given that farming in south africa has beaten out every dangerous profession in the world for fatalities because of racially motivated attacks , this is not an unfounded fear . 
  comparing these attacks to the national total is also an absolutely moot point , since there would be all kinds of motivations behind them . 
  the fact these attacks are racially motivated is what 's important here . 
  well , i 've known a few through school and college , mostly coming from farming backgrounds and moving into the countryside . 
  and though i swear i already mentioned how you can find countless articles on the matter , let me list the top three here : ( warning , first one is very much nsfw ) http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/bury-them-alive-white-south-africans-fear-for-their-future-as-horrific-farm-attacks-escalate/news-story/3a63389a1b0066b6b0b77522c06d6476 http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/south-africans-trapped-like-frogs-in-boiling-water-as-racial-violence-escalates/news-story/6882cebcd8d518cf949bb861b617d8ac http://thepublicslate.com/2017/04/whites-south-africa-attack/ that last article may of be particular interest , citing that farming in south africa has become the most dangerous job in the world due to attacks . 
  and instead of refuting any of the examples you start digging for dirt through my profile and start waving around the good old t_d yellow patch because i dare to post in the only conservative subreddit on this entire damn website . 
  are we done here now ? 
  and unless you have any way to refute the small sample of examples i 've given you , you 're not going to change my mind . 
  and i have been to the us actually , my ex spent a term in l.a for her uni degree , and since i 'm a freelancer i tagged along too for the experience .
