  the reaction against it was so strong , that it was pretty much dead in the water last year with everyone pulling out . 
  i 'm talking about kicking out people with a certain ideology . 
  that much should be obvious . 
  there should be no room in europe for such barbaric beliefs . 
  that 's a mighty fine man of straw you got there . 
  by ` certain group of people ' , i meant extremist muslims . 
  race has fuck all to do with it . 
  `` hey , it 's another attack by radical muslim migrants shouting ` allah ackbar !, 
  ' , let me see if this would be a good one to call everyone racist for daring to address the problem '', 
  true , but not everything has to be a ` proper ' terrorist attack to set off massive red flags that maybe this certain group of people do n't belong in the country . 
   no link to terrorism or anything so far , it 's just vandalism . 
  [ we may never untangle their motives . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i31ga0ebnea ), 
  it 's the times . 
  they were literally the first big website to put up paywalls . 
  you get a few free articles a month , then you need to subscribe . 
  what about new york ? 
  both cities are littered with tourist traps , pedestrians playing a constant game of carmageddon , and everyone who actually lives there is an unbearable prick . 
  we go crazy because we see how much cheaper everything is than europe , and end up out of pocket when we remember that product tax is added on at the till , and that everyone expects a large tip . 
  but that requires going out to robert dyas or something similar , which usually ends up costing far more than 50p . 
  or maybe it comes from a source with a paywall . 
  no , that 's the politicians . 
  what christians do is get blown by small children . 
  saudi arabian money . 
  two days later , and the best you 've got is to call me an ` animal ' ? 
  sad !, 
  both are terrible . 
  better to be governed by one shitty authoritarian government than two . 
  again , delusional . 
  the eu does n't care about it 's citizens , it 's far too removed from democracy for that . 
  it only cares about * looking * like it cares . 
  if you think that 's the reason the deals take a long time , you 're delusional . 
  the reason they take so long is because you need a unanimous decision , and someone will always stall to protect their national interests . 
  just look at the mess spain made out of the australian trade agreement . 
  with an 80 % chance of becoming allergic to your own bodily fluids , that does not sound like a pleasant procedure . 
   the uk is out so why on earth should we care about their opinion . 
  because the eu is not europe . 
  france ? 
  i can buy that . 
  germany ? 
  no so much . 
  a vasectomy is a one way operation . 
  the motherfucker jinxed it . 
  seems to be the same case in poland too from what i 've seen . 
  nobody likes someone who virtue signals too much . 
  i think you 're taking it all a little too seriously , i never meant to make a serious statement about uk influence based on a few fucking islands , only that technically the empire still exists . 
  again , i forgot anything uk related is a major trigger for you guys . 
  never said it was big , or influential , only that it still exists . 
  i forgot that anything relating to the uk was a major trigger for this sub . 
  what about the french ? 
  it 's a sad fucking state of affairs when we breath a sigh of relief that it 's only the mafia blowing up hotels . 
  falklands , gibraltar , pitcairn islands , etc. 
  it is n't that big anymore , but the sun still does n't set on it . 
  when the cheese is covered in mould , you 're better off just eating the buttered bread . 
  i 'm not defending russia , only pointing out that it 's the eu that provoked them in the first place . 
  you do n't get to be aggressive towards a batshit crazy , trigger happy ruler like putin , and not expect him to go nuts . 
  you do n't see china or south korea deliberately antagonising north korea in a similar way . 
  so , now you 're claiming that turkey is killing migrants by the millions ? 
  any sources to back that up ? 
  i know turkey is currently a shitshow , but this is a bit much , is n't it ? 
  how am i in denial ? 
  you gave a man from one of the most violent third world countries on earth asylum , gave him food , a home , even a fucking job ** without doing even the most basic of background checks on him ** , and now he 's murdered a pregnant woman with a machete . 
  this attack may not be terrorism , but it is a direct result of the disastrous foreign policy and german softness towards migrants . 
  you 're the ones in denial , not me . 
  sad to see such denial from the german people , but not unexpected . 
  let me know when your country grows it 's spine back . 
  considering the current direction of the turkish government , i really do n't give much of a shit what they think of us . 
  and is brussels wants to replace the uk with a future authoritarian dictatorship , they can go right ahead with that . 
  addressed this elsewhere . 
  the us has a regulation problem , europe has a border control problem . 
  i can never understand this argument , maybe it 's something to do with which side of the channel i 'm on . 
  because from this end it 's the desire to end the sovereign nations of europe and unite under a single banner which gave us the last big war in europe , and it 's the power of the sovereign state and british patriotism that put an end to it . 
  [ the similarities are more than a little worrying . 
  ] ( https://m.imgur.com/0e5ou9v?r ) we do n't need a federal europe . 
  we do n't need to toss away thousands of years of history and rally behind a sketchy european union run by a single party with unelected leaders , based on the absolutely ridiculous notion that the eu will stop war in europe . 
  especially considering it 's directly responsible for the current mess in ukraine anyway !, 
  what we need is real unity and cooperation , not this surrender to some orwellian entity promising to do it for us . 
  unfortunately towards the wrong direction . 
  people should be calling for devolution to regain control of their country so they can react quicker to issues , not surrendering more of it to an organisation that does n't care about their problems . 
  and christ , put some money in your defence budgets instead of relying on the few countries actually bothering . 
  you 'll never see estonia calling for an eu army to leech from . 
  call it a common theme . 
  why else are people always so desperate to try and prove that a shooter is n't muslim ? 
  people even tried editing pictures of this shithead in photoshop to make him more white !, 
  why would i be desperate ? 
  pinning these attacks on islam is easy when all of them are carried out by sodding muslims . 
  the only desperation i smell is from people who try and dig up other reasons for the attacks , because they 're so desperate to find a reason other than religion , i 've even heard some people try and blame the shooting on the afd and photoshop the people arrested to be white !, 
  it 's time to stop making excuses for this barbaric medieval excuse of a religion , and denounce it 's place in european society . 
  america has a problem with being too soft with gun regulations . 
  continental europe has good gun regulations , but a problem with being too soft of the spread of islam and a complete disregard of border controls . 
  both need to crack down on what are obvious faults that help drive these now daily tragedies . 
  i 'm not denying that he was bullied at school , and that it made up the motivation for the shooting . 
  it 's islam that pushes people from typical downtrodden and depressed people and turns them into mass murderers . 
  it 's a death cult that preys on the weakest in our societies , and teaches them to view outsiders as infidels that need to be killed , taking their griefs with the world and turning them into violence . 
  when the religion in question is a fundamentalist death cult like islam , yes . 
  / r/europe last year : an eu army is a dangerous fantasy !, 
  / r/europe today : we need an eu army !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/tetk_ayo1x4 ), 
  after several generations of self-loathing , germans have become too soft . 
  but it * was * islam .
