  in the days leading to this meeting , mark jongeneel placed a couple of tweets . 
  like : `` the college of sliedrecht has a proposal to receive 250 refugees in the coming 2 years . 
  what a bad plan !, 
  earlier he had also tweeted : `` we wo n't let this happen , will we ? 
  police state the last months the police has been visiting more people at home who on social media wrote things negatively about asylum centers . 
  in october in leeuwarden , there was a home visitation to about twenty opposers of asylum centers . 
  in enschede the cops visited those sympathetic to the asylum center alerts . 
  ( i think they mean people that follow @azc_alert , a twitter account of the platform focused on getting more space for citizens to have `` inspraak '' and create a more humane asylum center policy . 
  inspraak = a dutch concept for being allowed to discuss and have some input into decisions ) in kaatsheuvel , at least three villagers received a house visit from the police because they aired critical views on the coming of a emergency-reception or because they owned a page on social media regarding asylum issues . 
  with the house visits the police is trying to make people aware `` what the effect of a post or tweet can be on the internet '' , says a spokesperson of the national police . 
  with ten `` realtime intelligence-units '' , groups of digital directers spread around in the country , facebook pages and twitter accounts are being monitored . 
  attention is being paid to posts that go `` too far '' . 
  cities too direct the police . 
  that happened to jongeneel . 
  the spokesperson of the city sliedrecht explains that they wanted to make clear dat a possible physically present demonstration would be `` fine '' , but it would have to be reported to the police in advance . 
  `` it absolutely was n't the intent to silence the man . 
  really not . 
  we think that everybody should be able to voice his opinion . '', 
  it did n't come across so casual and free of consequences to jongeneel . 
  `` it 's like we live in a police state . '', 
  freedom of speech `` let them go away , those assholes , we are all going to the town hall '' , was posted by carmechanicshop-owner johan van wouw ( 43 ) a few weeks ago on a monday morning on his own facebook page . 
  he had briefly before read on the internet that kaatsheuvel would receive 1200 refugees and he wanted to show that he completely opposed the decision . 
  a few hours later the police visited him . 
  `` they said that this was inciting a demonstration and they tried to get me to remove the post of the internet '' . 
  the visit took about twenty minutes and the police acted in a very authoritarian way , according to van wouw . 
  since he has felt limited in his freedom . 
  `` when i post something on facebook , i do realize that the police is possibly reading what i write . '', 
  sowing hate the other people that were visited by the police also feel they are being gagged . 
  `` why ca n't we say what we think ? '', 
  asks kim ( 33 ) from kaatsheuvel . 
  she does n't want her last name in the newspaper . 
  kim received the police because of tweets of her and her boyfriend . 
  she posted multiple facebook messages , through which their displeasure about an asylumcenter in their area is clear . 
  also something like : we 're not going to turn this into a geldermalsen ? 
  ( this refers to a small riot during a meeting regarding 1500 refugee beds in a village . 
  rioters protested and disrupted the meeting , using illegal firework and lightly injuring two cops . 
  only luck prevented more serious injuries , as the illegal firework was also thrown into the building . ), 
  kim : `` but if people follow-up my words with those kind of actions , that 's their fault , is n't it ? '', 
  sowing hate and inciting is illegal in the netherlands . 
  but where is the border of the allowed surpassed ? 
  according to the spokesperson of the national police this is hard to say . 
  new estimates are made all the time ; there are no specific rules . 
  `` it 's a subtle border that 's easily surpassed '' says professor criminal law nico kwakman , connected to the university in groningen . 
  `` you can say : `` i think the islam is a backward religion '' . 
  that 's an opinion . 
  but if you go further and say : `` muslims are bad and have to be re-educated '' , you pass a border . '', 
  it also depends on who makes the statement and at what moment . 
  aztually this shows that the police is getting up to date , says jaap timmer , university teacher societal safety on the free university of amsterdam . 
  `` if in the past , somebdoy said in a bar that he would go and demonstrate and that he would throw in windows , he too would receive a homevisit . 
  the police has apparantly discovered that the public domain also happens on social media . 
  not taken seriously again `` the police is seen as someone who finds crime , but also to prevent crime , to help and advise the citizens '' , says criminallaw expert kwakman . 
  this is what the police wants to do , in these cases , he thinks . 
  `` but they made , i think , an error in judgement what this means to the person receiving a visit . '', 
  according to kwakman it would have been wiser to have another public servant , without a uniform , to those people . 
  `` as soon as a policeman tells you that what you 're doing is not ok , you 're feeling intimidated and criminalised . '', 
  the visit of the police has only made kim from kaatshuevel angrier , she tells us . 
  `` the city makes so much effort to make sure we shut up , what does that mean ? '', 
  she thinks she knows the answer : `` we 're not taken seriously , again . '', 
  the citizens have little confidence , thinks mark jongeneel . 
  `` after the visit of the police , i have decided to voice my opinion clearer . 
  i will not be silenced . '', 
  that 's why he spoke tuesday , at the city meeting . 
   he is n't very well liked at the moment . 
  like that 's anything new . 
  sticking his dick in a dead pig has been the most popular thing he 's ever done . 
  tinfoil hat time : what are the odds do you think of cameron using this as a way to gain support for the scrapping of human rights laws ? 
  hopefully you meant to say ` move back to their country of origin ' rather than ` move to england so it 's their problem instead ' . 
  because it 's frankly disgusting the amount of french politicians who pick the latter . 
  * cough * blair * cough *, 
  indonesia is * not * a country governed by islam though , it 's a constitutional republic that 's a melting pot of hundreds of ethnicities and cultures . 
  islam can say that all muslims are reincarnations of elvis presley for all i care , it does n't change how the vast majority of people who practice that religion act . 
  heck , christians are n't supposed to attend church according to the bible , and yet being a good christian is synonymous with attending church constantly . 
  likewise , islam is synonymous with misogyny and values from the middle ages because that 's how people who practice it behave . 
  what line is there to cross ? 
  the uk did the centuries ago to put an end to such religious extremism and squabbling , and it 's still going strong . 
  we * need * a european islam like we needed a unified church of england , as the alternative is to import more of this cultural barbarism from the middle east . 
  either a 4chan insult or polandball joke , i honestly ca n't tell what it is anymore . 
  if they 're second generation , then why have they never been such a huge issue until this year ? 
   i am a labour supporter my sympathies . 
  clearly they were n't tolerant enough of these migrant 's vibrant culture !, 
  did you know britain is in the middle of a massive housing crisis right now ? 
  it 's all very well saying you 'll take in hundreds of thousands , but it 's an empty gesture if they 've got nowhere to live . 
  you know , like what 's happening in germany right now . 
  what i do n't get is why nobody is trying to emulate the british model for dealing with the crisis . 
  deny entry at the border , and take actual refugees from the refugee camps . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  if you are offended by any of the potato famine jokes present on the thread , feel free to call the complaints line on 0800 1-potato 2-potato3-potato 4, 
  pretty much every major uk company pays their taxes just fine . 
  funny how it 's only the big american corps that jump through hoops to avoid paying it . 
  somebody had clearly been watching v for vendetta too much . 
  it 's very well celebrated in the south east of england , probably the second largest next to christmas with bonfire societies doing parades and fireworks throughout all of november . 
   the uk has such a schizophrenic attitude where we introduce all kinds of border security to keep them out of the country , only to give them the good life if they manage to sneak in . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  if you 're an illegal migrant in the uk , you 're going to be living in poverty without the proper paperwork to get a proper job or home , and when you 're caught you are detained until you can be deported . 
  germany seem pretty keen on accepting anyone and everyone . 
  a historian on hollywood , not the second world war . 
  and neither does he really offer any compelling argument beyond ` hitler was racist ' and ` hitler did n't completely agree with marx ' . 
  stalin fits both of those descriptions too , but i do n't really see his allegiance to socialism in question here . 
  still in denial , huh ? 
  proving your idiocy and naivete wrong over and over is getting tiring , so [ here 's an article i found about people like you .
