  you 're right with low wage jobs being filled with immigrants , but it 's absolute nonsense to suggest that local workers would n't do the same job , they 're simply passed over because someone fresh off the ferry from poland is significantly easier to take advantage of . 
  why on earth do you think there 's so much animosity from the british working class towards eastern europeans and open borders in the first place ? 
  forcing inmates to sign on for jsa would be counted as cruel and unusual torture surely ? 
  that 's the general plan . 
   but people willing to do the dirty work like in other developped countries . 
  but britain has no need of these people either . 
  there are no ` dirty jobs ' that native britons are n't willing to do . 
   uk gets also millions of cheap and well educated workers from new eu workers we never wanted nor asked for . 
  all we 've got from it is severe job and housing shortages as eastern europeans and working class britons compete against each other for work and a roof . 
  on the other hand if they do n't get deported , they 'll just ending up sucking our tax money in the prison system . 
  there 's no easy solution to this issue . 
  by european standards , yes . 
  she 's a thatcherite through and through . 
  i do n't remember you calling out anything , only throwing childish insults . 
  it 's a pity you do n't have your own little containment sub yet for your anglophobic bullshit . 
  `` you people '' well , are n't you a friendly fucker . 
  it 's people like you that make me glad i 'm voting to leave this stupid failed union once and for all . 
  but it 's not been rising since 2003 though , has it ? 
  it 's been rising over the past year , ever since the eu decided to crack down on anything that might be considered mildly offensive . 
  you know those arrests are up because of the new eu legislation , right ? 
  nobody can explain japan . 
  juncker has long been a crazy old man that oversteps his authority , even long before the referendum became on the table . 
  it probably helps that it 's the work of some poor old lady that just wanted to help , which is quite unique in the current art world where pretentious arseholes put literal shit and garbage in a glass cabinet to sell to suckers . 
  the uk is subject to article 9 of the eu 's human rights charter , which guarantees freedom of religion . 
  it 's worth noting though that the uk was well on it 's way to pulling out of this before brexit was a thing , and it has n't stopped the uk from banning numerous religious groups for extremism . 
  because things are really slowing down right now , are n't they ? 
  shutting down faith schools would force muslim parents to send their kids to secular schools where they will integrate with the culture . 
  coming down hard on hate preachers would stop their influence from growing , and encouraging disenfranchised muslims into commiting more atrocities . 
  and prioritising moderate sects of islam over wahhabism would de-escalate tensions and promote a better overall image of the religion , and reduce the amount of saudi blood money in the system . 
  it might cause problems at first , but it 's better than doing nothing . 
  if islam wo n't westernise on it 's own , we will have to do it by force . 
  this is what happens when your religious text is one half bible , and the other half `` the art of war '' . 
  despite how much they may deny it , islam at it 's core is a religion for warriors , written by a prophet who was also a conquerer . 
  said the reptile with a vicious grin . 
  `` you knew damn well i was a snake when you took me in ! '', 
  crackdown on extremist islam and hate preachers . 
  shut down islamic faith schools , do more than just ` monitor ' hate preachers who are radicalising people into stealing trucks and mowing people down , deny permits for mosques that teach wahhabism in favour of more moderate sects , etc. 
  there 's plenty that can be done , but is n't because of ` racism ' . 
  i do n't hold any ill will towards people who take it seriously , it 's still relatively unknown outside the uk about how they 're no longer a newspaper at all , and just some kooky buzzfeed/rt mashup coasting off the old brand name . 
  a twitter poll published by the independent of all people . 
  i 'd take this news with an / r/unitedkingdom sized bucket of salt . 
  [ this should have you covered . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/5rapcj/whos_shareblue_what_are_they_doing_thats/ ), 
  he directly funds millions a lot of shady political campaigns including two large astroturfing campaigns on reddit , correct the record and it 's successor shareblue . 
  the right hate him for trying to take over the site 's comment sections , and the left hate him for creating such a large bogeyman on reddit for the right to use as an easy way to dismiss them . 
  and everyone in the middle just hates him for making the political tone on reddit so much more bitter and unbearable . 
  it was a struggle to find a flattering picture of croydon for their tram service , in the end i just gave up and [ grabbed the one off tfl 's website . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the guy clearly has issues , and leaving him alone to be stuck in his own head is n't going to help . 
  yes , we 're the ultra right . 
  not the religious nuts who treat women like cattle and force them to wear full face coverings , usually at the threat of domestic violence . 
  what it really is , is that this sub is probably the last big community left on reddit with a left wing bias but refuses to bend over backwards for the medieval , ultra-right ideologies of islam . 
  that , and making crude and offensive stereotypes out of other european countries has been a tradition for centuries . 
  it just so happens by sheer coincidence that the current crude stereotype of sweden is n't dissimilar from your average / r/shitredditsays user . 
  i thought they evolved to casting everyone with british actors nowadays ? 
  you forgot going on a guided sight seeing safari somewhere in africa , or weekend shopping spree in new york . 
  mordor was also based on birmingham . 
  their football club has a lot to answer for . 
   everything i do n't like on reddit is t_d 's fault, 
  you 're not wrong there , but you 're still going to get murdered if any irish catch you saying it . 
  it 's the fetish that they 're referencing though . 
   nutty leaver types can dream about defending british territory from evil continentals while reestablishing their rightful place in the world . 
  honestly , i think this is all just an excuse to invade spain and grab benidorm for ourselves before the package holiday prices go up . 
  poor place is already more british than spanish anyway . 
  daily mail have bigger fish to fry , like calling poor slingshot guy of making stabbing tutorials for isis all over their front page . 
   ireland labeled a part of british isles rip / u/anexplosivemonkey, 
  / pol / already eats argies for breakfast , so you can count those out . 
  i believe that the term you 're looking for is the `` horseshoe theory '' . 
  the further apart the two political extremes get , the closer they resemble each other . 
  in the end they both end up identical ; armed to the teeth , wearing military style gear , and marching up and down the streets to beat the shit out of anyone they disagree with . 
  sorry , anyone to the right of * stalin . 
  do n't forget the press !, 
  there was a recent armed antifa ` march ' in the us ( wearing brown shirts of all the fucking things ) , who started threatening a nyt reporter for filming them . 
  what a lovely , democracy loving bunch . 
  you keep saying this word ` fascist ' , but i do n't really think you know what it actually means . 
  to be fair on us , we 've had a bad history of nations saying they 're open to diplomacy for overseas territories on one hand , while readying the gunboats on the other . 
  many in britain will just see this as falklands 2.0 , which is why the government sees it as important to make it clear we will defend it with force . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  a * large * group of nutters then . 
  right , but did a complaint actually come from a major party in government with a legitimate case , or is it just some small group of nutters complaining the same way argies complain about the falklands ? 
  well , glad we settled that . 
  the border was expanded , and an airport was built within the new british territory . 
  if any of this was done illegally , why in the blazes have n't spain kicked up a fuss until now ? 
  and he knows it too . 
  while the mainstream british political classes were pretending that they knew what greggs was and visiting pasty stands that have been closed for several years to look less like lizard people , farage was doing interviews exclusively at his local , necking down pints . 
  more ` threatening ' than ` begging ' . 
  juncker was an absolute arse with the democratic sensibilities of a baboon that only helped the leave campaign . 
  i 'm fairly certain at this point , all pro-brexit propaganda is just images of nigel farage necking down pints with a massive shit eating grin on his face . 
  [ i 'd dial that up to 11 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4n4fdszy47m ), 
  i do n't remember mentioning you specifically . 
   displaying any sort of national pride will immediately be connected to some how being racist or xenophobic . 
  can confirm . 
  i was literally told to ` gtfo please ' after stating british patriotism and pride helped us win the second world war . 
  so i did . 
  the amount of self-hatred on that sub is beyond belief . 
  europe reminds me of an american suburban neighborhood . 
  everyone is friends and do all sorts of social events together , but will instantly start bitching about each other the moment an opportunity arises . 
  i remember saying that you went to goldsmiths and supported the nus would get you mocked and ridiculed on / r/uk , now it seems that kind of crowd has taken over . 
  maybe out of revenge ?
