  when he got into power and showed his true colours , people were pissed . 
  honestly , he just needs to get out the spotlight now , and let tim farron do his job . 
   punishment means retaliation.losing access to the market is n't retaliation , it 's the logical consequence of leaving the eu.russia and algeria are n't in the eu and they do n't have free access to the market.it is n't a punishment . 
   the benefits are what you get right now ? 
  that 's the thing , what are we getting right now ? 
  the remain campaign should be selling us on how we benefit from the eu , but instead they 're telling us how we 'll be punished by the eu for leaving the project . 
  all it does it make it look as if there 's no argument to how the eu benefits the uk at all , and that the only reason for staying is to avoid angering brussels . 
  again , you 're giving the punishment for leaving and not the benefits of staying . 
  what benefit is there to the uk of being in the european single market ? 
  because corbyn hates the eu just as much as farage . 
  he 's only paying lip service to the remain campaign to stop his party revolting . 
  well , it would be nice if the remain campaign could actually give the public benefits of staying in the eu ( other than how we 'll be punished for leaving it ) , instead of trotting out a new celebrity endorsement every day . 
  that kind of naive and idyllic nonsense is how we ended up with the eu in it 's current state , with us bankrolling the ongoing disaster that is the euro while unelected eu politicians legislate for more integration with blindfolds over their eyes . 
  we fought our civil war for the right to elected politicians that answer to the british public and the british public only , which has been taken away from us as brussels sends down legislation that we 're forced to write into our own law . 
  we should fight for that right again . 
  fair enough , your post above made it sound like you were upset he was n't campaigning for remain . 
  [ yes , they did . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xecurlnxcqk ), 
  britain 's own system is extremely convoluted and far from perfect , but we 've always been pretty big on taking orders from foreign powers . 
  `` britons never never never shall be slaves '' and all that . 
  churchill also turned out to be batshit insane as a peacetime ruler , and was voted out almost immediately . 
  probably not the best example to use . 
  do n't you think it 's a tad hyperbolic to compare voting against av with deriving minorities and women of the right to vote ? 
  i 'm not happy with how that referendum went , but that 's a bit much . 
  except we already had a referendum on the subject recently . 
  the people voted against av in favour of fptp . 
  even juncker ? 
  it 's getting worryingly difficult to tell the difference . 
  short term loss for long term gain . 
  the uk has plenty of potential to grow on it 's own , while the eu economy has been stagnant for year . 
  besides , you ca n't put a price on real democracy . 
  at least we have n't declared naval warfare on the thames yet . 
  you know you get to vote in this too , right ? 
  we 've tried to get the eu to reform for years and they 've only gone more backwards , i doubt this is going to change now . 
  sooner or later you have to realise that you 're in an abusive relationship and give up trying to ` fix ' your abuser . 
   considering that the other half is mandatory for your well-being poes law ? 
  you ca n't be serious that the uk wo n't survive without europe . 
  you think corbyn is really in favour of the eu ? 
  [ that 's adorable . 
  ] ( http://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/10133/jeremy_corbyn/islington_north/divisions?policy=1065 ), 
  are you really advocating vote fraud in order to stay in the eu ? 
  i know you eurocrats hate democracy , but this is a bit much . 
   financial capital of europe ? 
  nope , frankfurt . 
  britain has been the financial capital of europe for centuries . 
  the eu is a flash in the pan in comparison , do n't pretend this is going to change . 
   member of the eea ? 
  nope , renogitate that one from a much weaker position , please . 
  so , britain will be in a strong position if we leave the eu ? 
  thanks for the vote of confidence !, 
  also says a lot about the eu if it only negotiates deals with countries small enough for it to boss around . 
   scotland remaining with you guys ? 
  the calls for a new referendum will be heard in the bedroom of the queen . 
  they get to vote in this too . 
  also no way westminster would allow a referendum so soon after the last . 
   uk expats working in other countries ? 
  better apply for a new citizenship if you want to continue on our benefits . 
  or apply for this magical thing called a visa . 
  it 's not difficult . 
   next on the news : japan says it has no intention on joining the eu, 
  the treaty of maastricht , which allowed for freedom of movement was in 1993 , and marked the switch from the ecsc to the european union . 
  seems you 're not so great when it comes to knowledge of the eu either it seems . 
  the eec is not the eu , it 's the organisation that preceeded it , and was purely a trade union that had nothing to do with political issues like border controls . 
  you are wrong when you say that the deals we have are because of the eu when it was n't even around yet . 
  the sangatte protocol treaty between the uk and france was signed in 1991 . 
  the eu was formed in 1993 following the fall of the ussr . 
  the deals that the uk has with france , particularly to do with border controls in calais , have * nothing * to do with the eu . 
  these are independent deals that france is threatening to kill should we leave the eu . 
  the deals that the uk has with france , particularly to do with border controls in calais , have * nothing * to do with the eu . 
  these are independent deals that france is threatening to kill should we leave the eu . 
  to be fair , we could have beaten them with spitfires anyway . 
  was n't their navy still made up of ww2 era guppies ? 
  the uk has a lot of independent deals with france that they 're threatening to kill if we leave the eu , seemingly out of spite . 
  leaving the eu should n't mean we lose every other deal too . 
   uk is scrapping most everything they have in their military due to budget cuts which makes little difference , so long as trident is around . 
  so long as we retain our ability to launch nukes from anywhere in the world , we could bring back the spitfire into service and russia , china , etc would n't dare mess with the uk . 
  the ee migration was economic , but there was a catastrophic overestimation of just how much demand there was in the uk for more low wage workers . 
  the uk is pretty unique in that it has a fiercely proud working class , that bucks the trend of developed nations having plenty of jobs to do that the natives do n't want . 
  so instead of coming to the uk and finding plenty of jobs , eastern european migrants found in competition with an entire class of britons who did n't want to give up their shitty job so easily . 
  this has led to an extreme shortage of low wage jobs , and a lot of bad blood between the working class and eastern europeans . 
  this is also why the many in the uk opposes open eu borders so much to the point that they 'd rather leave the union altogether . 
  maybe they were incompetent and complacent , or maybe they just never had a good argument to begin with . 
  do you think that north korea deserves it 's current government ? 
  no , that 's france , with 4.7 million to our 2.7 . 
  belgium afaik also has the highest percentage , at 10 % versus 4 % . 
   the difference is that the leave campaign uses outright lies about minorities whereas the remain camp uses predictions that are sometimes presented as more certain than they really are . 
  at this point , you 're trying to put lipstick on a pig . 
  a lie is a lie . 
  the remain camp is no better for using made-up ` predicted ' statistics than leave is for exaggerating immigration . 
   read carefully . 
  i said `` automatic right '' . 
  these rights are granted by the eu treaties . 
  if you are not a member of the eea you do not automatically have these rights , regardless of how `` powerful '' your passport is . 
  u.s citizens do not have these rights either and many have great difficulty settling in the eu . 
   i have to say your sense of entitlement is breathtaking . 
  a u.s passport is not a uk passport . 
  if you have a uk passport . 
  i have no doubt that you can settle anywhere in europe with little to no effort . 
  there 's a reason why british dual citizenship is so sought after , even if they have no intention of setting in the country itself . 
  there 's no entitlement about it , a uk passport can gain you entry to any country on earth with little effort .
