  it was up to johnson and gove to draw up the plans as they led the official leave campaign , only they never expected to actually win , and stabbed each other in the back shortly after . 
  they are the fuckers responsible for the current mess . 
   also i do n't get why uk brexit was so adamantly scared about an eu army . 
  the same reason france does n't want one . 
  a lot of people see it as a cheap attempt to even the playing field across europe by seizing the armed forces of the only two countries with a decent military budget . 
  nobody wants to see the british army end up taking orders from brussels instead of westminster . 
  of course , this would n't be an issue if other members actually kept to their budgets instead of relying on the us , uk , and france . 
   yes , definitely . 
  we need to unite to be powerful enough against authoritarian nations like china and russia . 
  that 's what we have nato for . 
  but at the cost of being able to strike your own trade deals . 
  if you join the eu , you 're signing up to only doing trade with other eu members , or paying the eu 's extortionate tariffs . 
  that does n't sound very globalist to me at all . 
   not sure `` globalisation '' is the right word for it - for me and many others , the ideal is to have a strong , innovative europe compete against the rest of the world ( most of all : usa , china , russia , the arab world ) . 
  i 'm glad someone agrees with me here . 
  the uk did n't choose to cut ourselves off from the world , we chose the rest of the world , the british commonwealth in particular , over the eu . 
  this was never a question of whether or not to embrace globalism , only how to go about doing it . 
  source : / r/europe the amount of hatred for the british on this board is seriously getting out of control now . 
  welcome to britain . 
  and people still have the nerve to call us xenophobic when we say that the country is overcrowded and that we need a halt on immigration . 
  that 's a tough argument to make to someone who 's on # 50 a week jobseekers benefits . 
  these people do n't want economic growth , they just want a steady paycheck . 
  well , how do you think today 's borders were drawn in the first place ? 
  i do n't see why that would change . 
  you 've got people the republic of ireland growing up in a increasingly federalised eu , and people in ni growing up in an increasingly nationalist uk . 
  there 's a brand new powderkeg right there that is n't going to go away anytime soon . 
  not to mention that the old catholic/protestant lines are still firmly drawn in the sand with only 10 % not identifying as religious , and i think it 's incredibly naive to think they 'll disappear over a single generation . 
  a european superstate would be a doomed project that would be brought down from the inequality of eastern europe , the economic woes of southern europe , and brussels 's desire to constantly expand the eu 's borders . 
  and a reunified ireland is a pipedream from those too young to remember why northern ireland had to become a thing to begin with . 
  do you want war in ireland ? 
  because that is how you get war in ireland . 
  likely for those very reasons . 
  national leaders are n't going to let the eu force them into a recession just to spite the uk for turning their back on the institution . 
  everyone seems to want business as usual except for the eu . 
  well , the euro is n't our problem . 
  we campaigned to keep the pound for the exact same situation that happened , we did n't want to be dragged into a crisis involving a currency we saw as doomed , but the eu wanted to drag us into it anyway . 
  same with the migrant crisis . 
  we saw shengen turning into a disaster and opted out , and when it turned into a disaster but merkel wanted us to share the burden anyway . 
  to the british public , it increasingly looked like our opt outs were n't worth the paper they were written on . 
  you call those concessions ? 
  he came back with a fortune cookie note , a symbolic message about how the uk would be exempt from the ` ever closer union ' . 
  that 's not a concession , that 's a consolation prize . 
  the february negotiations only made the relationship far worse , cameron wanted to show the public that the eu was capable of reform , and capable of caring about british concerns . 
  instead , the eu snubbed him and gave ammo to the leave campaign by showing how inflexible and incapable of reform they are . 
  the rules of keeping the fledgling federal union together at all costs . 
  i have no doubt that juncker and other federalists on the continent would have no issue with sinking the eu into a recession as a result of a bad deal with the uk , just to send a ` lesson ' to the likes of denmark and france . 
  and yet you wonder why people voted to leave the anglophobic eu in the first place . 
  should still be speaking the bloody queen 's english , we did n't conquer the welsh 800 years ago for them to still speak that god awful crazy language of theirs . 
  expats were never covered anyway , eu health insurance cards are only valid for a few months at a time . 
  because god forbid that anyone in europe tries to have a discussion about immigration , right ? 
  that 's because it 's the same thing , taken from the angle of the river instead of the train yard . 
  i doubt anything would happen . 
  `` hey , you !, 
  british expats in spain !, 
  know how you do nothing but lounge in the sun and spend your entire life savings on a permanent holiday in our country ? 
  we do n't want that anymore , bugger off . '', 
  i doubt anything would happen . 
  `` hey , you !, 
  british expats in spain !, 
  know how you do nothing but lounge in the sun and spend your entire life savings on a permanent holiday in our country ? 
  we do n't want that anymore , bugger off . '', 
   start-ups careful what you wish for , germany . 
  start ups are a great way of flooding the market with new jobs , but 90 % of the time they 're doomed to failure , as investors and banks refuse to put money into anything that is n't going to be the next uber . 
  i would n't mind if that black hole left the uk overnight . 
  i do n't know if you 've noticed , but both ftse markets are now stronger than ever . 
  only a fool make serious claims about a nation 's wealth , or the strength of it 's currency , based on day trader stock markets . 
  first off , you 're being incredibly misleading . 
  farage has never been an mp , so he is n't ` quitting ' anything . 
  his purpose as the leader of a single policy party is done now . 
  that leaves boris johnson and david cameron , one which was pulled from party leadership in a coup , and the other , the one which campaigned for remain , who is actually quitting when they said they would n't . 
  and that 's completely turning a blind eye to the turmoil in the labour party , whose leader narrowly avoided a coup of his own while his entire cabinet is now in need of replacing . 
  nobody is shirking responsibility , the entire political class is at war with itself right now . 
  a war that honestly , has needed to happen since blair left office . 
  second , yes , we did have a vote . 
  and funny now that you 're using it as an example of the british people being happy with the current system , when if i remember right , people at the time were furious with the misleading campaigns led again by both labour and the tories , that led to people not really knowing what they were voting for . 
  funny how that keeps happening , is n't it ? 
  if anything , it only demonstrated just how closely knit the two main parties are , and what lengths they would go to in order to maintain the lab/con status quo . 
  and i 'm not saying that i voted leave because of that , only that a lot of people did . 
  and judging from how things have played out so far , can you really say it has n't worked ? 
  this referendum has had a far larger effect on party politics than any general election could ever hope for , and a lot of people feel listened to for the first time in decades . 
  if anything , the leave vote will serve as a reminder to britain 's political elite that they should n't take public opinion for granted . 
  why do you think it 's unfair ? 
  a big reason people voted leave was because they wanted parliament to be more accountable to the british public , and not to brussels . 
  nonsense , they were easily both as bad as each other . 
  `` project fear '' would n't have been half as successful as it was if the remain campaign did n't have such a bad habit of exaggerating or completely making up statistics . 
  they should be , but they definitely are n't . 
  that 's what happens when you have a two party system , both made up of tone deaf , pro-eu political elites that have very little difference between them . 
  the uk * government * have been the main promoters of expansion . 
  and as we saw with the referendum fallout , the difference between what the uk government wants and what the uk public wants is vast . 
  how about the insane claims that every household would lose # 4000 a year as a direct result of leaving the eu , a number he later admitted to completely making up ? 
  when both sides of the debate are liars , what else do you expect joe public to believe ? 
  so is nafta . 
  three guesses what they have that the eu does n't . 
  the us has a single market because it 's a single country . 
  the eu is n't a single country , and it never will be . 
  the comparison makes no sense . 
  but faced with granite . 
  which is cheating . 
  solid effort though . 
  battersea power station , the largest brick building in the world .
