  we went through this exact same doomsday nonsense only last friday . 
  amazing how so many liberal arts students have become experts on the stock exchange over the weekend . 
  move along people , there 's nothing to see here . 
  it all comes tumbling down , tumbling down , tumbling down ... 
  is n't making threats against sovereign nations how the eu got themselves in this mess in the first place ? 
  it seems to me that the more the uk waits , and the more arrogant brussels gets over the issue , the closer those dominoes are going to get . 
  if you want search engines to even begin pretending that you exist , yes . 
  you can thank google for that , by killing pagerank and nerfing the importance of meta tags . 
  yes , luxembourg . 
  they have 20 of the world 's largest and most reliable data centres , six of which are tier iv . 
  nobody really is anywhere near close to them . 
  hosting in the uk had never been a big industry . 
  the vast majority of uk sites are hosted in luxembourg . 
  believe in democracy = stupid yup , you 'll fit in with the eu just fine . 
  because it 's not your site . 
  it 'll be the client that gets a fine , not you . 
  and i ca n't imagine how pissed a client would be if they got a fine because their site was n't up to legal standards . 
  that 's their choice for their website . 
  when you 're doing hundreds of stores websites for other people , it 's not a choice you want to have come back to you . 
  refusing the bailout * and * dropping the euro as their currency . 
  this would undoubtedly have ended with them being booted out the eu . 
  greece had a choice of either accepting the terms of the german bailout , or defaulting their debts and leaving the euro , which would require them to leave the eu . 
  they chose the latter by a margin far larger than the brexit , but had the former forced onto them . 
  if this referendum result has shown me anything , it 's that the left no longer believe in democracy , only in getting their own way at any cost . 
  they already voted overwhelmingly to leave the eu . 
  the eu would n't let them . 
  completely pants on head retarded , and a nightmare for design agencies . 
  we 're still going back through our clients list and adding cookie warnings onto sites . 
  an absolutely huge waste of development time . 
  [ they also have a large brain drain of unemployed graduates to brazil . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/portugal-emigration-idusl5e8e8bv120120314 ), 
  mep 's whose only power is to vote yes or no to the mandates and legislation sent down from the unelected commission . 
  and you can sure bet they 'll get a visit from ms. merkel if they vote against a certain piece of legislation too much . 
  you could n't have been paying much attention then , because it was very much the leave voters who were constantly called racist , bigoted , and compared to nazis , especially after the jo cox murder . 
  tell that to / r/unitedkingdom . 
  the majority of us drones are launched from german soil . 
  germany might not be directly responsible , but they still gave permission for those strikes to be made . 
  drone strikes are a poor example of how germany has any moral superiority . 
  and tell me , which country does the us launch their strikes from ? 
  well , it 's not the first time that we 've had a german led ` european superstate ' as our neighbours . 
  if i remember rightly , it did n't end well . 
  i 'll be sure to miss my invitation in 50 years time when the eu finally negotiates a deal to allow the use of blackjack and hookers . 
  that 's a big if . 
  everyone knew that the snp was going to say they want another referendum , that 's the whole point of their party , that 's only relevant because sore losers voted them into power . 
  no , we just hate seeing talent go to such waste . 
  they 'd probably leave the continent entirely to go to brazil if we did n't snap them up anyway . 
  not with germany threatening sanctions on anyone who does n't tow the line , that 's for sure . 
  calais have nobody to blame for that situation but themselves . 
  i 'm sure the french government will continue telling them to deal with it themselves , as they have done for years . 
  the pound had returned to it 's normal value before closing , as expected . 
  that dip was just brokers cashing in on an opportunity to make some quick money , and is the sort of risk taking that makes london europe 's financial heart , and not frankfurt . 
  basing a nation 's gdp based on the worth of it 's stock market in a single day is simply retarded , and only shows how desperate you are for an independent britain to fail . 
  so , forge on ahead despite the protests of the smaller , much more powerless nations you plan to swallow up ? 
  glad to know that germany has n't forgotten it 's roots !, 
   portugal i wonder why . . 
  returned to normal at the end of the day . 
  do keep up . 
  also , do n't base someone 's entire gdp ranking based on the worth of the share market over the course of a day . 
  that 's pretty basic stuff . 
  the uk is n't the only nation that objects to the ever closer union , it was merely the only country big enough to properly obstruct it . 
  the french government have already confirmed that the border agreements are going nowhere . 
  push more federalisation onto your members , and they will revolt just the same as the uk did . 
  this would n't be the first time that europe has rejected plans to become a federation based on germany . 
  as the brexit showed , you can not put an economic price on national sovereignty . 
  do n't get too bored waiting , did n't spain * and * belgium just announce that they 'd veto any scottish eu application ? 
  [ apparently , yes . 
  ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/am8j0tbzloo4-e8miedh-6nprknbfzxkodfmk0w2bk8.jpg?w=1024&amp;s=1062de080ce9b7607b63cb33e2fed271 ), 
  when kids in 50 years learn about the fall of the eu , the first chapter will be about the lisbon treaty . 
  europe 's second largest economy has just left the eu because of too much federalisation , we must respond with even more federalisation !, 
  i 'm sure that will work out well . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure all the federalists will crawl back into the woodwork when the migrant boats start coming in from turkey again . 
  yeah , sure junker had nothing to do with it . 
  let 's look at some choice quotes of his that the leave campaign rallied over , shall we ? 
   ` the uk are part time europeans '  ` prime ministers listen to their public too much '  ` the eu owns the uk '  ` there can be no democracy over eu policies '  ` nato is not enough , eu needs an army '  ` deserters will not be welcomed with open arms ' all of this was headline news . 
  if junker had kept his trap shut , maybe people would have believed the remain campaign when they said brussels is n't the bad guy . 
  cromwell , the man that won the english civil war by revolutionising warfare at the time onto a national scale , and established a democratic parliament and stripped powers from the monarchy ? 
  you 'd think they 'd had learned their lesson that using fear and threats to keep members in line does n't work when the door to leave is open . 
  junker validated every single fear that eurosceptics had over the referendum , and played right into ukip 's hands by making the eu look like evil federalists . 
  he 's just as much to blame for this result as the leave campaign . 
   should n't be that much trouble if eu wants it in . 
  spain says hi . 
  considering it 's now back to normal , and actually closed two points up , i do n't think it 's odd at all . 
  stocks always take a shit whenever something big happens . 
   single largest trading bloc the eu is n't the largest . 
  nafta is . 
  and funnily enough , they did that without forcing their members to adopt a single currency or abolish border controls . 
  the entire eu together still ca n't even match the gdp of the us on it 's own . 
   scotland , northern ireland , parts of wales will all seek independence . 
  not going to happen . 
  the snp still have the same issues with their bid to leave as they did last time , northern ireland was split down the middle on the eu ( and are still pretty united on their hate of the south ) , and the majority of wales voted to leave in the first place !, 
  just because one nationalist managed to get their way today , does n't mean they all will . 
   while not the end of the world , for many people it could be the end of their jobs . 
  boo hoo , i 've lost jobs before because of the eu . 
  instead of whining about it , i got another job . 
   that growth will likely be considerably lower than if britain had staid in the eu . 
  growth in the eu is at 0 . 
  you ca n't have considerably lower growth when there was n't any to begin with . 
  those programmes operate all across the world , and are the result of cooperation between agreements with the institutions themselves , with relations spanning back to before the start of the 20th century . 
  the eu has nothing to do with them either , and are n't going anywhere . 
  it 's all those delicatessens .
