  i do n't know if you 've noticed , but they 're all coming in by boat . 
  if they can turn away boats , so can we . 
  australia have a pretty huge border , and they managed to handle their own migration crisis just fine . 
  this is a policy issue , not a practicality one . 
  and that 's the crossroads we 're at . 
  either sacrifice the freedoms we enjoy in europe like freedom of movement for better internal security , or tackle the islam problem directly head on . 
  not really . 
  americans seem to love them though , so maybe you can have them ? 
  swapsies for all your mexican immigrants perhaps ? 
  europe is sorely lacking in good mexican food . 
  that 's a fine conspiracy you 've got there . 
   they were not europeans , but rather foreigners born on european soil who held european passports . 
  except the evidence we have so far all points to them having syrian passports . 
  evidence such as recovering their syrian passports . 
  if you 're saying that we ca n't trust studies from pew , you 've already lost . 
  you ca n't refute evidence because you do n't like the conclusions they draw , especially from the trustworthy sources listed above . 
  pew , ynet , people press , nop , and icm have statistics that support the claim . 
  this is n't stormfront nonsense , it 's legit . 
   as soon as we know they are syrians so , you admit you do n't actually know where they are from . 
  okay . 
  judging from the hostility , he has . 
  it 's worth noting that the west * never * actually invaded afghanistan . 
  the country had already fallen apart when we intervened , which was at the request of what was left of the afghani government . 
  good . 
  europe 's culture and history has been forged in thousands of years of blood and fire , the worst that human history has ever known . 
  it 's time we reminded the rest of the world of that . 
  no complaints here . 
   these are the people fleeing from isis you ca n't prove that , which is the problem with undocumented migration . 
  security experts and even isis themselves said this would happen , and it fell on deaf , naive ears . 
  i do n't blame the migrants for what happened , i blame germany for inviting them to run wild across europe in the first place . 
  as others have pointed out , moderate islam is a myth . 
  if it 's to survive in europe at all , we need our own version of it , that 's better integrated with european values . 
  like how protestantism was created to better suit the values of northern europe , for example . 
  well , europe also has the benefit of a water border . 
  they * are * coming in by boats , are n't they ? 
  if australia can turn away the boats , so can europe . 
  not even close , i 'm afraid . 
  even after all the sheer horror of tonight , these attacks are nothing in comparison to the cartels . 
  they are the worst monsters in this world by far , ready to wipe out entire villages for greed . 
  you have no way of confirming that , which is the problem . 
  isis themselves have said they 've been mixing their own in with the crowds so they can carry out attacks in europe . 
  nice for some common fucking sense to grow . 
  hopefully now the rest of europe will adopt the uk model of dealing with the crisis , and take in screened and checked refugees from the un camps instead of letting in anyone that can pay a few thousand euros to some human trafficking gang . 
  [ oh boy , here i go killing again !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/yg6difutpvs ), 
  true , but only by a hair . 
  i think it 's something like only 60 % of muslims worldwide that do n't believe in extremist doctrine , such as practice of sharia law . 
   i 'm confused by this . 
  her money as well as her position are by definition inherited and funded by the public . 
  how is this supposed to be a sign of character ? 
  if i owned billions of common funds i 'd be a hell of a lot more charitable too . 
  inherited , yes . 
  public funded , not so much . 
  the royal family generate far more money than what they spend . 
  and while the charity work itself might not be a sign of character , but it does get them out and about in public a lot . 
  we know the royal family are good people because everything about them is out in the open . 
  and while they 're not perfect , they 're saints in comparison to the average politician . 
  a lot of people feel reassured in the fact that there 's such a public and down to earth family to keep the increasingly out of touch government in check . 
   even if the monarchic institutions in europe are mostly symbolic in nature it 's fucking offending . 
  it 's the ultimate incarnation of `` the rich guys above me know best '' which is an especially offensive combination for a socialist who 's also a republican . 
  if you think that the royal family is the ultimate incarnation of `` the rich guys above me know best '' , then you know shockingly little of the british royal family . 
  if corbyn seriously believes in doing that , why should n't the general public ? 
   when the hag dies and this is why republicanism will never catch on , because at the end of the day you 're just being nasty at a poor old lady who does n't deserve it . 
  the royal family live and breath charity work , yet republicans would make you think they 're eating babies . 
  northern ireland would be a terrible idea for the same reason as the falklands , they want to be part of the uk and would likely go down fighting , not a great idea given their recent history . 
  buying back everything might improve them , but it 'd require more money than the government likely has to spend . 
  and the coal mines closed for a reason , there 's nothing left down there . 
  i 'd love to see corbyn provide some real opposition against cameron 's massive cuts and general attacks on the population , but that requires him getting his act together . 
  something that i do n't really think is ever going to happen . 
  those positions are laudable , but problem is that the rest of his regressive policies are n't as great . 
  hand over the falklands and northern ireland ? 
  buy back everything that 's been privatised over the past 30 years ? 
  reopen the coal mines ? 
  corbyn just wants to turn back the clocks , regardless of whether or not it 's a good idea or disastrous . 
  nah , top spot by far is handing over the falklands . 
  but you 're right , we 're very much spoiled for choice . 
  people in britain love the royals , especially queen liz . 
  corbyn 's republicanism is election suicide . 
  that labour died with the coal mines , and is never , ever going to come back . 
  blair saw this and changed with the times , whereas corbyn has his head still stuck in the 80 's . 
  for all the claims otherwise he 's astoundingly * regressive * in most of his policies , and i 'm not really sure how his party fits in with british politics . 
  that would make much more sense . 
  still , i would n't really rate burma to be a wealthy enough country to make much of a dent in the ranking , let alone come out on top . 
  is your name randy marsh by any chance ? 
  how on earth is burma at the top of the list ? 
  good on them and all , but not the nation i 'd expect to occupy the number one spot . 
  a more self-inflicted variation on the saying `` rubbing salt in the wound '' , i 'd imagine . 
  there really is n't an excuse when the game gives you a phrasebook of automatically translated phrases , and people are telling you they do n't speak french . 
  according to people in this thread , syrians are n't even brown . 
  so no harm done !, 
  that a multi-state government is something that should n't be emulated , especially by a continent with established institutions as old as europe 's ? 
   much better to be part of a bigger group than bossed round by one neighbour . 
  sure , if that makes you sleep at night . 
  that 's where the problem lies . 
  europe is not the usa , and the system does not work . 
  if you think that was poor taste , i do n't recommend watching something like hignfy or mock the week . 
  you * do * understand what a joke is , right ? 
  two words , star wars . 
  i imagine orders are much higher than usual because of it . 
  and encourage them to be even lazier ?
