  the rise in support for ukip and increasing desperation of the left say otherwise . 
  technically xenophobia , which is a whole different basket of rotten fruit . 
  how about this . 
  there 's the english , and the uncivilised barbarians who think it 's acceptable behaviour to put the milk in first . 
  isolationism . 
  you do n't notice it because minorities build their own sealed off communities in inner-city areas . 
  even saying the majority is an understatement . 
  he 'd be lynched as a traitor for wanting to get rid of queen liz . 
  more like let 's hope big oil does n't see it . 
  okay , germany and austria . 
  hang on , that sounds familiar ... 
  fair enough , though the reason for it is blamed on capital movement by our banks rather than any actual serious trouble . 
  perhaps using debt as a measure of influence was n't the greatest idea , especially when dealing with a country whose capital is basically just a gigantic bank . 
  new orleans is basically already ` little france ' tbh . 
  birmingham has always been shit . 
  a large muslim population ca n't make mordor any more worse than it already is . 
  which is i guess , the reason why the uk is one of the few countries to stand up to them . 
  we do n't owe germany squat , and if anything until 5 years ago they were still paying us war reparations . 
  this is how merkel destroys the eu . 
  there 's no bitching , only politics . 
  cameron wants as much public support as possible for when he makes the eu exit , which means that so long as the situation on the continent continues to get worse , the longer he 'll take to make his move . 
  merkel has made better arguments for the uk to leave the eu in recent weeks than any uk politician has in years by playing fuhrer of europe , and this crisis has been catastrophic for eu supporters in the uk . 
  uk has been entertaining . 
  it started like that , but now has moved on to `` we must invade syria , in memory of aylan '', 
  hippies , hippies all around me , they want to save the world but all they do is smoke pot and smell bad ... 
  merkel and co. are the ones that invited them all over , remember . 
  they could have done what david cameron did , and take actual refugees out of refugee camps . 
  but no , let 's throw our arms open to the horde of entitled economic migrants , and line the pockets of the human traffickers some more . 
  that 's a brilliant fucking policy right there . 
  if the european commission ca n't force the uk to open our borders to the rest of the continent , there is n't a chance in hell of them getting the swiss to take in the migrants . 
  all bark and no bite . 
   more job opportunities ? 
  again , naive fools . 
  london is paved with bird shit , not gold . 
  and good luck finding a decent job anywhere else in the country . 
  those poor , naive fools . 
  nope , apparently the boat carrying the migrants actually landed within the military base . 
  i ca n't imagine the person organising that trip was the sharpest tool , since he also landed in the middle of a military base . 
  the refusal to intervene in syria at the request of the us is proof that it is n't the case anymore . 
  the french have ego issues ? 
  no waaaaaaaaaaay seriously though , do you really find it surprising that the french people imagine themselves as far bigger and influential than they really are ? 
  everyone in the world knows that france is germany 's lapdog , except the french themselves . 
  you might want to update your sources , they seem a little old . 
  the article even says that the uk will be the biggest diplomatic force by 2015 , a whole year ago . 
  i really do wonder if reuniting both halves of germany was a huge mistake . 
  they 're simply far too large in comparison to just about every other country in europe , and they 've become bullies again as a result . 
  not recently ? 
  the problem is more to do with the decrease in tap water quality , and the insane prices in london especially for bottled . 
  most likely to do with cameron 's failure to muster enough uk support to help the us bomb the middle east some more . 
  the uk is the 5th largest economy in the world . 
  it was the 5th largest before the eu , and it will be the 5th largest after . 
  that does n't sound unimportant to me . 
  it 's just another in a very long list of empty threats . 
  honestly the more they carry on about how the uk wo n't get any trade whatsoever for daring to leave the eu despite being 5th largest economy in the world , the more i think that they 're honestly scared of what competition a independent uk would bring , untethered from the eu 's political and bureaucratic red tape . 
  so far the best thing to happen to the out campaign is the stay campaign 's inability to do anything other than made idle threats . 
  but then again , we should n't have expected much else from the glorious european union . 
  they did n't have any choice in the matter though . 
  keyboard warriors wanting trump banned forced a discussion to take place using a government petition website . 
  and yet the us would never in a thousand years accept a similar deal between other american nations like canada and mexico . 
  the only reason the us wants the uk to stay in the eu is because we 're their foot in the door , like israel is in the middle east . 
  what do you think a coastguard is for ? 
  i 'm sure even italy could even built a makeshift wall around the coast out of grounded cruise liners rather easily . 
  what reason is there to compromise other than weakness ? 
  if the eu did n't need the uk , we would n't have as many exceptions and special deals as we already have . 
  as it stands , the uk already enjoys trade deals far more better than anyone else in the eu already . 
  what reason do they have other than spite to change the deals knowing that they 'd hurt themselves more than they 'd hurt us ? 
  we 're pretty much a purely financial economy , what other benefits are there ? 
  the uk has been a thing for far longer than the eu . 
  it 's far bigger than a simple trade union . 
   i 'm not making any threats here . 
  no , but france and other eu members are . 
  the continent needs the uk far , far more than the uk needs it . 
   uk has a deal with eu and after leaving , the deal is over . 
  and there will be another , identical deal to take it 's place . 
  if eu members are this desperate to stop the uk from leaving , you can bet that they 'll do their best to make it seem as if we never left . 
  why do you think we have so many special agreements in the first place ? 
   according to polls , the referendum will be very close to 50/50 . 
  the polls were also very close during the general election , and look how that turned out . 
  the two different campaigns about the referendum have only just begun , it 's far too early to be predicting results now . 
   so , you do n't need to try to point to us as if eu will end . 
  but it is still far more likely to fail before the uk . 
  one is a nation that has been around for well over a millennium , while the other is an organisation that was quickly cobbled together 20 years ago in response to the fall of the ussr . 
   where was democracy violated ? 
  i 'm guessing you missed the part where germany both made the situation worse by throwing open the borders of europe to more migrants , while threatening sanctions against anyone who refused to accept migrant quotas ? 
  what part of that is democratic ? 
   uk will be lose direct access and direct influence to the biggest economical market in the world empty threats . 
  the uk has always contributed more to the union than it takes out , and that demand wo n't disappear overnight because of spite . 
  i do n't think it 's the dead wood that you 're in danger of losing though . 
   uk will survive , such as eu will . 
  one of these has been around significantly longer than the other , however . 
   eu is and shall remain an union about freedom , ** democracy ** and liberal values . 
  and as much as i hate to bring it up , the recent migrant crisis shows that the eu is n't anywhere near as democratic as advertised . 
  and there 's that narcissism again . 
   it 's a defacto seat at the table for the us i 'm not sure how that 's supposed to help . 
   there is no `` eu meddling '' , they give money to the welsh government ( in the case of wales ) and they decide what to do with it . 
  they 're taking money from the british government , and then redistributing it back to us . 
  that by definition is meddling . 
  and again , do you have any examples whatsoever of this funding doing any actual good ? 
  because from what i see , the poverty stricken regions of the uk that the eu is meant to be helping are still in poverty . 
  it 's hypocritical to criticise northern powerhouse while ignoring the complete failure of the eu to do any better .
