   here in france we constantly portray the english as drunk slobs that are awful in bed . 
  similarly , we portray the french as drunk womanising slobs . 
  but then britain and france have always had [ a unique relationship . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
  i think you 're grasping at straws here to try and be offended . 
  it 's just a cartoon indian with a feather in her hair , not some sort of secret symbolism to promote genocide . 
  and ignoring court precedent is what exactly ? 
  that is simply not true . 
  the uk has only granted 28 extradition requests for uk citizens from the us government between 2007 and 2014 . 
  contrary to popular belief , the uk is n't the us 's bitch . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  does n't the gary mckinnon case not ring any bells ? 
  thanks to the us 's reputation for not giving fair court cases to ` terror suspects ' , extradition cases from the uk to the us can take years and can be freely denied by the home secretary . 
  america might think they 're the world police , but they are n't as bad as russia when it comes to stamping all over international law . 
  the us is going through sweden because that 's the only place they can realistically nab him , using the bogus sexual assault case they forcibly reopened . 
  any other way would throw up a massive red flag that assange could easily use to his advantage before he disappears into guantanamo . 
  people still believe the nonsense that assange is wanted for sexual assault and not whistle blowing ? 
  i hate to break it to you , but those claims were already proven to be bogus many years ago . 
  i 'd say you were being an over-entitled twat for expecting anything else to be given to you for free after illegally breaking into the country . 
  in all fairness , germany did n't start the first one . 
  that was the austro-hungarian empire . 
  the irony burns , once again germany is covering up for poor treatment of jews . 
  though this time under the guise of ` tolerance ' rather than outright hatred . 
  bonus interview , again translated by / u/kinbaku _ enthusiast ------ bonus interview edit : / u/lithovore added an interview that i decided to translate . 
  reporter : the world is upside down . 
  you should be focusing on people that use violence . 
  mayor : no , i 'm not turning anything around . 
  it 's my responsibility for the essence of the story ... ah whatever reporter : you 're giving up ? 
  mayor : no i am not giving up . 
  ( bit of reporting discussion with mark that 's already apparent in the op ) reporter : the big question , join us mark , mark sent the tweets , which made it necessary for you to send the police to his house and then workplace . 
  why did you find this necessary ? 
  mayor : look , you 've read a few tweets , that got a really huge number of views , but that does n't mean that 's the full story . 
  i do n't know what the police has said , i was n't present at that conversation . 
  reporter : wait a minute , let 's rewind , that 's not what i asked , i 'm asking why you sent police to his address . 
  mayor : you know , if you see things on social media and it was n't about these tweets , the tweets that mark made were n't special and that 's not why the police visited him . 
  reporter : then what is the reason that you sent the police to mark ? 
  it 's a very simple question . 
  mayor : the image we got , was that a demonstration was forming and that 's allowed , gladly even ... reporter : because of the tweets of mark ? 
  mayor : no not because of his tweets reporter : why then did you sent the police to his house ? 
  mayor : look let 's make this clear , the police does n't go on orders of the police . . uhm i mean . . ( speech mistake i think he did n't mean to say police twice ) , i mean the police make their own decisions . 
  reporter : ( sarcastic ) so the police just visits people that twitter . 
  mayor : ( sarcastic ) well i could 've explained you the whole thing reporter : gladly !, 
  mayor : okay let 's lay out the basics first , the tweets of mark are n't special . 
  and the tweet #kominverzet ( startresisting ) , if you look at our facebookpage ... reporter : look i do n't care about these details . 
  i only have one simple question why did you sent the police to his house mayor : i could give you that answer reporter : gladly mayor : it 's not the result of those tweets . 
  reporter : than what is the reason ? 
  mayor : the reason is that we thought that a demonstration might be forming reporter : as a result of his tweets ? 
  mayor : no not those tweets , i said that before reporter : so then why did you send them to him ? 
  mayor : because he sent other tweets ... uhh . . 
  it 's social media , he 's responsible for @azc_alert , i 'm glad he 's democratically not hiding behind twitter account , a demonstration might attract all kinds of crazies and then we have to guard people 's safety , including his . 
  i would n't wish those crazies on him . 
  reporter : okay so let 's read this spin . 
  you said : you sent police to him for his safety . 
  i 'm surprised i 'm not on the floor laughing with your explanation . 
  mayor : yes , but rutger , i 've already said it 's not because of his tweets reporter : then why sent police to him mayor : i 've already explained that already . 
  reporter : yes , for his own safety . 
  why do n't you send the police to the crazies you 've described ? 
  it 's the world upside down mayor : but the point is that if you want to demonstrate you have to organize it properly reporter : but there was nothing like that in his tweets . 
  they were diplomatic tweets . 
  and you found it necessary to send police to him ... for his own safety . 
  you look like you 've gone crazy . 
  mayor : it 's a normal procedure to guard him from being physically assaulted . 
  that 's normal . 
  the problem is n't that the police visited him , but that he experienced it as intimidation reporter : ah now i get it , it 's his fault . 
  mayor : no its not his fault reporter : it 's his fault for experiencing it wrongly . 
  the mayor acted well , the police acted well , but he experienced it wrong . 
  mayor : well ... ( sigh ) . . ok . good . 
  reporter : goodbye . 
  you do n't think people should have the right to stand up to the government ? 
  [ cough . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42kyqg/dutch_police_are_visiting_the_homes_of_people/czb4iwo ) next time , make sure to read the entire title , flair included . 
   in the days leading to this meeting , mark jongeneel placed a couple of tweets . 
  like : `` the college of sliedrecht has a proposal to receive 250 refugees in the coming 2 years . 
  what a bad plan !, 
  earlier he had also tweeted : `` we wo n't let this happen , will we ? 
  yeah , that 's some real extreme hate speech on your hands there . 
   what do you think resistance means ? 
  of course not . 
  then why are the police taking such actions against people writing angry letters ? 
   `` i do n't like immigrants '' is okay but `` let 's get rid of immigrants '' is not since it can be interpreted as `` calling for the forcible removal of immigrants '' . 
   resistance is different than protesting since it actively working against the government outside of allowed channels . 
  you say that the dutch value free speech , but the sounds of things they do n't at all . 
  it sounds like the dutch government are actively suppressing people who question their policies too much , or question them in a way they do n't like . 
  to call something as mild as ` the government should n't go forward with this plan ' or ` let 's get rid of the immigrants ' as hate speech is utterly insane . 
  that 's worrying in itself , is n't it ? 
  anti-sedition laws go hand in hand with censorship and totalitarianism . 
  all4 is utter gobshite . 
  i swear they push more adverts than they do on the broadcast version . 
  article is in dutch , translation below courtesy of / u/kinbaku _ enthusiast : ___________________ monday afternoon mark jongeneel received a distressing phonecall . 
  his mother . 
  two policemen had just visited and were looking for him , but they did n't explain why . 
  now they were going to mark 's office : he owns a debt-collection company . 
  wat could be going on ? 
  `` i was drunk saturdaynight , i recalled '' . 
  but he could remember everything of that night . 
  `` you twitter a lot , do n't you ? '', 
  the police said , when they were sitting in his office . 
  `` we have received orders to ask you to watch your tone . 
  your tweets could be perceived as inciting . 
  tuesdaynight in sliedrecht there was a meeting about an asylumcenter in the region .
