  nothing the eu can do will change this . 
   no , the faded empire did . 
  good luck with reviving it . 
  the eu arguably contributed a lot to the success of the uk economy in recent decades . 
  the success of our economy is due to our very strong entertainment industry , a financial sector spanning centuries , and through making trade deals with india and china behind the eu 's back . 
  the eu has been a constant leech on the british economy for decades , using the money we bring into the continent to bankroll their bailouts . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's going to boost the economy either . 
  leaving the eu has always been the case of short term loss in the economy for long term gain without the current stagnant eu economy , while regaining both full control of our government and national borders . 
  did they say that they 'll stop trade altogether if we leave though ? 
  what you 're describing is a loss for the eu , not the uk . 
   fearmongering ? 
  it is the brexit camp that uses a constant stream of lies and fearmongering about immigration to scare people out of the eu . 
  lets not beat around the bush , both campaigns are very guilty of this . 
  the leave campaign uses immigration , and the remain camp uses made up ` facts ' . 
  you 're better off pretending both do n't exist . 
   i am merely stating facts . 
  if the uk is not a member of the eu , it will not have a vote regarding matters of great importance to the uk economy . 
  this is a loss of influence and a loss of control . 
  again , this is only true if the uk joins the single market , which has been said by multiple politicians wo n't happen , and would be a slap in the face to a leave vote . 
   also , the automatic right for uk nationals to live , work , study and retire in the eu will most likely end . 
  that is a loss of control for millions of brits over the choices they can make in their lives . 
  this is absolute fearmongering . 
  the british passport is the most powerful on the planet , suggesting that anyone working , studying , or living retired in the eu wo n't easily secure a visa is insane . 
   the uk 's influence and role in the world is magnified by its membership in the eu . 
  the us uses its special relationship with the uk to influence the eu as a whole . 
  us , indian and chinese corporations use the uk to gain access to the eu market . 
  the eu did n't put the uk on the un security council , and it did n't make us the 5th largest economy and financial heart of the world . 
  you are vastly underselling the power and influence the uk has . 
  nonsense , trading blocks like the eu became obsolete decades ago , you do n't need to be part of a single market to trade with the world . 
  former british colonies have been begging for years to trade with us , but have been denied because we 're tied to the eu and the interests of nations on the other side of the continent . 
  i also have no doubts that the uk will still remain the financial industry it is now . 
  the uk has been the financial heart of the planet for centuries , joining and leaving the eu is a tiny blip on the radar for our financial sector . 
  we do not need to rely on the eu , we are a far stronger nation than you give credit for . 
  saying that the uk will be completely doomed , losing influence and being denied visas if they left the eu is absolutely fearmongering . 
  there is n't hope in hell that the 5th largest economy and permanent member of the un security council will lose global influence , and the idea that british passports , one of the most powerful documents on the planet would be denied anywhere in the world is preposterous . 
  the english channel , only failed us once !, 
  what a load of rubbish fearmongering . 
  we 'll only have to take on extra rules if we decide to join the single market , which is increasingly becoming a thing that will never happen . 
  how on earth would the uk lose influence over the world ? 
  were were the fifth largest economy before the eu , and we 'll continue to be that afterwards . 
  and any european nation would have to be off their rocker to deny a visa application to a british citizen . 
  there will always be a tradeoff , but the consequences you 've listed are complete fiction . 
  great britain is n't some germanic micronation or eastern european shithole that actually needs the eu to survive . 
  i assume protecting the few jobs that are left , as well as stopping the reputation of eastern europeans sinking further . 
  leaving the eu would put british politicians and parliament back in full control of the country , which is far more accountable for it 's actions than the eu . 
  still under 18 though . 
  what 's that got to do with eton ? 
  especially considering that eton has no shortage of massive dicks . 
  maybe if you had a better argument than yelling ` no this ' , people might take your point seriously instead of writing you off as smug and conceited . 
  200 subscribers vs 500,000 . 
  gee whiz , i wonder which one would be more likely to have a bigger discussion ? 
  there 's also been a very healthy mix of pro and leave threads here , all with far better discussions than any other sub . 
  this is n't even strictly related to brexit , this sub has become a huge refuge for anyone fed up with / r/uk 's srs style looniness . 
  so you 're refuting his example based on the grounds that he did n't take yours at face value ? 
  yup , totally not proving his point whatsoever . 
  that 's assuming everyone in the country is actually going to vote . 
  like it or not , this sub is the best place to discuss it . 
  / r/uk has had a very heavy far-left bias ever since corbyn came on the scene , and any real discussion on the subject is impossible . 
  not yet , but it 's certainly going to be another feather in their hat . 
  ` why should we remain part of a union that attacks us abroad , and paints us as the instigators ? ', 
  far too similar to a certain group calling themselves ` atheism + ' . 
  nobody wants to accidentally associate themselves with those shitheads . 
  do n't touch the poop lad, 
  it 's not like the eu has been doing it out of the kindness of their hearts . 
  the eu needs trade from the uk more than we need it . 
  they will always make exception for us . 
  that 's for the people of poland to reform , not the eu . 
  you ca n't solve you problems by removing one broken undemocratic system with a larger , slightly less terrible one . 
  over-reliance on the eu will make you a weak nation , and an easy target for larger nations within the union . 
   a lot of the polls gave the independence a lead, 
  the eu is not necessary in order to have a conversation in the first place . 
  saying that we need the eu to rule over us to keep us all civilised is a very imperialist attitude to take . 
  something something , germans have no sense of humour . 
  germany does , and their track record recently for abusing the power they have in the eu does n't inspire much faith that they wo n't try and blackmail other members again . 
  what 's your opinion on ireland then ? 
   mostly drunken fools who think they 're still important in the world germany is all about equality , they love to bring down other people onto their level . 
  have you ever met with british investors ? 
  they are n't the smartest bunch . 
  whoever gets them , they can enjoy seeing the market flooded with start-ups wasting money on becoming the next uber or whatever . 
  i 'm honestly glad to see the back of them , i 'm sick of wasting my time on investor driven businesses that fizzle out before the year ends . 
  if you were a refugee , then yes . 
  every legitimate refugee should want to return home when it 's safe to do so . 
  to be fair on my part , i 'm not lecturing someone on how their own damn country works from halfway across the continent . 
  many british people like myself are sick of eurocrats making false assumptions about us constantly . 
  if the eu wants to have a hope of britain remaining , they have to realise that the uk has a vastly different culture from the rest of the continent . 
  why should british people have more of a right to jobs in their own country ? 
  is this some sort of trick question ? 
  let me ask you this , what makes you think that you 're entitled to british jobs in the first place ? 
   otherwise you would n't have every hotel almost exclusively staffed with poles . 
  there are more sinister reasons for this . 
  poles and other migrant workers are far less likely to make complaints about workplace violations than british workers who know their rights better . 
  a lot of poles i 've worked with were n't even aware they were entitled to 4 weeks holiday . 
   try to ask these proud working class britons you seem to know so well why they 're not working for less then 7 # an hour and get back me . 
  for starters , the new minimum wage for people over 25 is # 7.20 . 
  good talk indeed , still glad to know that the continent is still absolutely clueless about british culture . 
   british people , just like french people or americans , are ( mostly ) not ready to do dirty jobs for a ridiculously low salary that sometimes does n't even cover their basic expenses . 
  but that is n't true at all for britain . 
  this is a stupid assumption made by clueless eurocrats who know nothing of british culture . 
  there are plenty of proud working class britons willing to do these jobs , and they 're finding themselves replaced with unnecessary immigrants from the continent . 
  this is a huge driving force behind the current desire to leave the eu and general hate towards eastern european workers here .
