  it was n't until the fall of the ussr in the 90 's it began morphing into a political union with it 's own currency , flag , and anthem . 
  this is something which britain ( or it 's population at least ) wanted absolutely nothing to do with . 
  the british people feel like they 've been , for a lack of a better term , ' * catfished * ' into joining a project to federalise europe . 
  well , is n't that obvious ? 
  we did n't like the idea of a united europe in 1939 , and we do n't like it now . 
  sure thing . 
  keep generalising everyone you disagree with as uneducated little englanders , because it worked out so well for the left in 2016 !, 
  found the echo chamber weekly subscriber !, 
  that was kind of the joke though , that the media never really went into why people voted for brexit , and was deeply out of touch with the population . 
  it was pretty obvious when he brought in the well educated leave voter , and shouted over calling him a nazi . 
  master level trolling here folks . 
  well , one managed to give an accurate prediction of the brexit results , whereas the other failed miserably . 
  i 'll let you guess which was which , and which i think to be more ` reputable ' as a result . 
  the gaurdian claimed 64 % . 
  everyone else said 36 % . 
  you should n't pick and choose statistics only because they suit your argument the best . 
  saudi financing . 
   swede people in glass houses , etc. 
  it 's not just britain that 's changing , i feel that the whole of europe is on the move again . 
   not really , more over 60s voted remain than 18-25 year olds . 
  only because next to no 18-25 year olds voted in the first place . 
  the ones who moan the loudest always contribute the least i suppose ... 
  was n't he sent down for lying about his age , and then setting a school on fire ? 
  it sounds like he was an islamist pos long before he got off the boat . 
   how is common military procurement an open agenda for a common defense structure ? 
  we do n't even have a common foreign policy . 
  what 's the difference ? 
   you 're simply annoyed over the fact that the uk lost its voice in europe due to a decadle long gamble on exceptionalism and discounts . 
  so , you 're denying wholesale that germany tried forcing migrant quotas onto neighbouring nations last year ? 
  well , the open agenda for a federal armed forces is one . 
  germany 's assumed dictatorship over eu refugee policy is another . 
  oh , and let 's not forget the pig headed arrogance of a certain mr junker , who instead of helping convince the uk to stay in the eu ended up only helping the leave campaign with his anglophobic comments . 
   the only pathetic thing here is your inability to understand that foreign nations can not decide the name of an island they do not own . 
  and nor is it the job of the government that claims to own it . 
  they can call the * country * whatever they like , but the name for the geographical landmass is named by scholars . 
  the roi ca n't remove themselves from the british isles any more than the uk can remove themselves from europe . 
   you 've got to be kidding , right ? 
  this is surprising to you ? 
  imagine the islands were considered to be called the irish isles by everyone . 
  now , imagine the reaction of the british . 
  it is the same thing , how is that so hard to understand . 
  countries do n't like to be called something they are not , especially countries that were invaded and abused by that country . 
  that does n't really change the fact of the matter though . 
  though not part of britain , ireland is still part of the british * isles * . 
  this is commonly accepted knowledge everywhere except the roi , because the big bad ` b ' word upsets their pwecious feewings . 
  it 's pathetic that they 're still so hung up over ancient history , and deserve mockery . 
   the two do n't even compare with the british isles problem . 
  no relation whatsoever . 
  both try to rename geographical terms based on british imperialism of hundreds of years ago that for some reason offend them , to the point where they 're willing to cause bloodshed over it . 
  there 's plenty of parallels to draw between the roi and the argies . 
   no they do n't `` hate '' the republic . 
  that 's precious . 
  but that 's not true , is it ? 
  ireland is considered part of the british isles to everyone except the irish , who refuse to accept it out of some silly ancient historical claim that the term is political . 
  so we do the same as a certain other south american nation that 's also easily offended over a silly irrelevant historical claim , and take the ever loving piss out them . 
  we 'd do the same with the french too , but they 're generally much better sports about it and mostly seem to be in on the joke . 
  and i would n't really call ni an occupation , more like a voluntary member of the uk but only because they hate the roi waaaaay more , for what should be obvious reasons . 
  they 're free to leave whenever they like . 
  meh , it 's mostly to troll all the easily offended irish in this sub . 
  you 'd think the way they react , we only stopped ` occupying ' them last week . 
   the british government can not assign a name to an landmass that does n't belong to it . 
  that 's not entirely true , we still own the northern chunk of it . 
  only in the same way that everyone got annoyed at trump for accepting a phone call from taiwan . 
  the british government only avoids it because the irish are so overly sensitive about the big bad b word . 
  i only know about it because of how badly it triggered someone on this sub a while ago . 
   at one point every single country on earth recognised the whole of ireland as part of the uk to be fair , it was part of the uk for far longer than a lot of those country 's entire existence . 
  and it was n't all bad !, 
  think of yourselves as a practice run for the british bringing civilisation to the world !, 
  sure , keep doubling down on the same excuses that have caused liberal movements to all but collapse . 
  because that 's really worked out well for you so far this year , huh ? 
  the lesson from trump and brexit is n't that , it 's that you should n't trust opinion polls before an election , and you should take media reports that there 's no chance of the fringe group winning with a heap of salt . 
  most muslims are n't terrorists , but there 's been more than enough studies to show that most muslims * do * support the same ideology as them . 
   the whole nazi thing will blow over eventually and in a few centuries it can become a tourists ' hotspot . 
  i think it already is with chinese/japanese tourists . 
  well , why do you think trump and his brand of anti-globalism became so popular ? 
  china is n't known for playing fair either . 
  you 're talking about a completely different currency though . 
  it 's like looking at the recent drop in the euro , and saying it does n't matter because the franc used to be so much stronger . 
  britain 50 years ago would have been using the old predecimal # sd/lsd currency , not gbp . 
  another referendum ? 
  the only reason eu immigration is now on the chopping block is because it 's the only one voters have been given any control over . 
  check the flair , it 's bait . 
  no shit , they likely had significantly less immigrants voting to keep their right to live in the uk . 
  given the facts about the failure of integration in the uk , it 's moronic to suggest that communities with high levels of immigration voted to stay in the eu because they approve of their new neighbours . 
  lower language barrier , and far less employment regulations . 
  what 's wrong with boats ? 
  they seem to work alright for australia , and their coastline is n't exactly small . 
  i ca n't even tell if this shit is satire or not anymore . 
  it 's getting increasingly difficult to tell . 
  she is responsible for creating her own rougue 's gallery ? 
  it 's a little more complex than that though . 
  yes he officially campaigned for remain , but he did so in such a vague and half hearted manner that many people have accused him of sinking the campaign from within . 
  at one point he told labour supporters to vote for whatever they believed was right , not even trying to sway people towards remain . 
  come on , surely you can muster up one little spanish galleon for us to loot and sink ? 
  for old time 's sake ? 
  we both know that this is a fantasy with no hope of working . 
  not unless spain also joins in . 
  party membership only costs # 20 . 
  i know this because / r/uk joined a very public campaign to get him elected . 
  the same / r/uk that became a giant , unreadable salt mine after the referendum result .
