  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100260720/whenever-you-mention-fascisms-socialist-roots-left-wingers-become-incandescent-why/ ) you should give it a read . 
   the wording here by itself makes it look like you belief the abbreviation `` nazis '' to be the original name and `` national socialism '' a later addition . 
  i am literally copying and pasting sentences from history books and articles right now for you . 
  historians * in germany * officially refer to nazis as socialists , and refer to their time in history as the ` national socialist period ' , or even ` national socialist tyranny ' . 
  this is a historical fact , and you 're wandering into the territory of 9/11 and moon landing conspiracy theorists just to protect your precious pure ideologies . 
  as you put it : dude . 
  just stop . 
  you 're ~ ~ embarassing ~ ~ embarrassing yourself . 
  well , those big bad right wingers must have been pretty damn convincing with their made up theory , because even * modern german historians refer to the nazis as the zeit des nationalsozialismus , or national socialist period . 
  * you 're a real hoot , you know that ? 
  first you claim that the right has never done any good to society , and then when pointed out that a right wing government stopped the most evil regime of the 20th century you go on and deny it as a * conspiracy theory * . 
  so , the fact that winston churchill was a conservative , and that the nazis were socialists , is now a conspiracy theory ? 
  good god man , stop reading tumblr and pick up a history book . 
  you do know that you 're the one who brought it up , right ? 
  i gave the criticism of mgs5 and bayonetta as examples of sex negative feminism , and you came in spewing bullshit and trying to brush it off as something to do with gamergate . 
  because your arguments have zero merit ? 
  but he * is * a regressive , not progressive . 
  most of his policies involve basically turning back every single action caused by thatcher onwards . 
  he 's old labour , without an original thought in his head . 
   everything . 
  seriously , the better question would be what is good about standing in the way of every kind of human progress ever made . 
  last i checked , it was a conservative prime minister of britain that stopped the socialist third reich . 
  does that count to anything ? 
  being ` progressive ' does n't necessarily mean that you 're automatically right all the time . 
  sounds stupid , but it 's true . 
  far-left student unions have become hell bent on bringing back racial segregation , all dressed up and rebranded as `` safe spaces '' , while modern feminism has become more and more about demonising sexualised images of women in the media . 
  particularly videogames like bayonetta and mgs5 , which is baffling since bayonetta is supposed to be an image of female sexual empowerment . 
   because they do n't wish to return society to an earlier state arguable , considering how popular the idea of bringing back segregation and sex negative feminism has been with the far-left lately , along with the popularity of people like jeremy corbyn who just want to press an undo button on the past 30 years . 
  and still those voices are calling from far away , wake you up in the middle of the night , just to hear them say ... 
  welcome to the hotel finland , such a lovely place ( such a lovely place ) , such a lovely face . 
  they livin ' it up at the hotel finland , what a nice surprise ( what a nice surprise ) , bring your alibis, 
  i 'm not sure if you noticed , but brits do n't usually expat to the continent because they 're doing poor for money . 
  they 'll pay for insurance for the same reason they left , because they 're stinking rich . 
  one group are looking to get smashed at a bar . 
  the other act as vigilante groups . 
  this is n't a very good comparison . 
  it 's also hilarious that those same people calling you racist and trip over themselves to defend islam will also be the first in line to say they support feminism and lgbt rights . 
  how they manage to function on a day to day basis is beyond me . 
  are you * really * surprised that russia is unpopular in these parts ? 
   it 's like all british people got together and just agreed not to talk about it . 
  except people are talking about it . 
  how do you think farage has become so popular ? 
   governments of major countries do not operate so haphazardly and erratically . 
  they have a far better overview of the crisis than regular people do . 
  again , someone should tell merkel this . 
  the problem i have with your argument is that germany 's idea of reaching such a ` unified consensus ' was basically ` agree with our quotas or else ' . 
  and then you have the nerve to complain that people were uncooperative ? 
  never was there any room for a debate or discussion on the subject , it was basically do as mama merkel says or we 'll threaten you with sanctions . 
  that 's absolutely no way to behave . 
  it 's hard to not sympathise with countries only looking out for themselves when merkel 's idea of a political ` union ' is to do things the german way or else . 
  the thing is , * nobody really supported germany with their policy to begin with . 
  * merkel stepped way out of line when she threw out her invitation to come to europe , making the migrant situation far worse . 
  this situation is entirely merkel 's fault , inviting all the migrants into europe and then trying to fob them off to weaker states when she realised there were too many for germany to cope with . 
  this is a german problem , and germany should deal with it themselves instead of acting as if they own all of europe . 
   you ca n't always rely on other countries taking the bullet for you . 
  someone should tell merkel then . 
  grammar police here , the correct word you 're after is * egalitarian * , from the french ' \u00e9gal ' . 
  it 's * not * a religious item . 
  not sure how that would work , surely being made to wear a burka or niqab implies that you are n't allowed to have a job anyway ? 
  who the fuck are daesh ? 
  is this another group we have to worry about now ? 
  travellers would be another kind , native communities that used to be travelling merchants . 
  though to be honest , they can be even worse than the roma nowadays . 
  i 've suggested before that we swap them for all the mexican immigrants in the us . 
  americans have this naive romanticised view of gypsies , and we can certainly use with more delicious mexican food . 
  well if it is n't our old friend , white guilt !, 
   like germany can are n't you guys already at maximum capacity , and sending migrants to converted concentration camps ? 
  it does n't sound like germany can handle them at all . 
  which makes sense , considering how badly mama merkel is trying to fob off migrants to the rest of the eu . 
  that 's just another sign of how badly we 've integrated islamic cultures within europe , i think . 
  i 'm sure plenty recognised him , they 're just likely part of the same closed off community he 's from , and support him more than condemn him . 
  if your point is to be confusing , you 're doing a good job . 
  i really , * really * do n't know what you 're getting at here . 
  [ fingerprints matched up ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/203453/article/ekathimerini/news/fingerprints-from-paris-bomber-match-man-registered-in-greece-says-prosecutor ) , it 's legit . 
  at least one still entered europe as a refugee , clocked in via thumbprint and fake passport at the greek border . 
  that he also had a european passport changes nothing , the refugee link is still there . 
  exactly . 
  even though he was european , he still entered europe by disguising himself as a refugee , using the non-existent border control to his advantage . 
  this news changes nothing . 
  the massive hole in that theory is that at least one attacker * did * enter europe as a refugee , even if he was a european national . 
  even if the syrian passport was fake , it was still checked in at numerous borders including the landings in greece . 
  that he was a european national still does not change the fact that isis are hiding themselves among migrants in order to enter europe . 
  they 're not even trying to hide that they 're brigading via tumblr anymore . 
   as the us shooting down and iranian airliner or china shooting down a korean airliner back in the day . 
  always funny how people try and excuse russia with the old `` but other western nations used to do it too ! '', 
  yes , we know they used to do it , or even still do it today . 
  no , that 's not an excuse to start digging the same hole they are . 
  nothing , but people are going to draw comparisons anyway . 
  not to mention that any statements coming from the kremlin are going to ( rightfully ) be seen as deeply hypocritical . 
  mh17 probably has more than something to do with it . 
  hard to sympathise with a regime that arms russian rebels to shoot down planes themselves . 
  it 's more a matter of education , i think . 
  anyone in europe can tell the difference between a nazi and a regular german , but not enough is known about islam to know that the extremists come from a particular sect like the wahhabi . 
  the problem is that nobody within islam is willing to admit the problem , and give cop-out answers about how they 're not muslims at all . 
  and so on and on , the confusion goes . 
  you 'd think after iraq , libya , and syria , you 'd had learned your lesson about dictators . 
  they may be evil , but they 're better than the alternative . 
  he 's not entirely wrong . 
  if he said ** wahhabi ** muslims are scum , he 'd be right . 
  silly turkey , do n't they know that groovy feelings and good intentions is more than enough to defeat terrorism ?
