  poles in the uk have become synonymous with cold meats . 
  democracy is when the people have the power to vote for their leaders , not when the leaders are chosen by peers from a pool of failed candidates . 
  that 's easy , poles are the ones always wearing a tatty tracksuit , walking back in the direction of their government paid council house , carrying a bottle of vodka , some ham , and a wheel of cheese on the back of an old donkey while the anthem of the ussr is played on an old gramophone . 
  a voice that 's been completely ignored for years . 
  we 've never had a voice in the eu parliament , as we never fit in with their pro-federal circlejerk . 
  university grants never came from the eu in the first place . 
  student finance comes from westminster , not brussels , as part if the ` compromise ' between the conservatives and liberal democrats over university fees . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  bankers and celebrities are world renowned experts on just about everything now !, 
   still had a voice in the eu arguable . 
  alternative idea , the us joins the commonwealth . 
  join us , we have our own olympics and everything !, 
  makes sense to me . 
  britain has a long history for low tolerance of foreign powers telling them what to do . 
  it makes sense that the areas most fed up with brussels would be the ones most affected by their interference . 
  cornwall and wales never asked for the eu 's charity . 
  the eu is not the ecsc or the eec . 
  if it was , we would n't have had this referendum in the first place . 
  the eu is a fundamentally different organisation , it 's primary goal being federalisation of member states instead of simple free trade deals , pushed onto the population while they were high after the fall of the ussr . 
  thanks for your 9k a year , enjoy your worthless history degree . 
  what are you on about ? 
  the uk was a founding member of the eu in 1992 . 
  i bet you could n't even point to britain on a map . 
  you 're a living example of why americans do n't get involved with european politics . 
   once it comes back, 
  good luck convincing the scottish that . 
  during the last referendum they were convinced that they 'd be able to join the eu as a new member but still retain the pound . 
  it all fell apart when they realised they 'd have neither the pound , nor immediate access to the euro , and that barter trade does n't look good in the 21st century . 
  and that 's * if * they get to join the eu at all . 
  scotland is carrying around a lot of debt , their oil industry is finished , and spain would veto any application if they thought it would be a risk to them losing catalonia . 
  you 're welcome , europe . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3le15ayt5g ), 
  yeah , lack of people building houses * is n't * an issue here . 
  new estates are popping up constantly , but the demand is simply far too great for anyone to cope with . 
  at the rate we 're going , the green belts with have to be scrapped just to keep up . 
  there 's no nice way of putting it , britain is overpopulated . 
  honestly , the problem is more with the uk than eastern europe . 
  we 're a tiny , highly overpopulated country , people were always going to get grief for coming here no matter what they do . 
  it 's still hypocritical . 
  it seems weird to pick on india and china for 12 hour work days when we 're just as guilty . 
  i 'm not saying it is n't a terrible abusive practice , but it 's not something unique to china and india . 
  seems a weird thing to pick on when we 're just as guilty ourselves . 
  it 's not exactly uncommon though . 
   12 hours workdays, 
  colour blindness is n't the issue . 
  just regular old blindness . 
  different stereotypes for different people , romania and bulgaria get criticised for sponging off the welfare system , while poland gets grief for ` stealing working class jobs ' . 
  [ well ... ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/astonishing-pictures-show-full-horror-of-smiler-rollercoaster-crash-at-alton-towers-a3231791.html ), 
  with now both labour and the tories being torn in half , the next ge is going to be ** very ** interesting . 
  there 's no ports , for a start . 
  which world leaders do you respect then ? 
  eliminating the competition . 
  [ yes , yes we can . 
  ] ( http://www.ctvnews.ca/polopoly_fs/1.2714088.1451049791!/httpimage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_960/image.jpg ), 
  but can poland into space ? 
  have you seen practically every world leader ? 
  there 's not much to love , it 's why anti-establishment parties are so popular right now . 
  how ? 
  unlike the stagnant and insular eu , we 'll have the entire global economy to play with . 
  we 've already struck beneficial deals on our own with china , and without the eu holding us back we 'll be able to resume free trading with our long neglected [ \\ ( and currently far more prosperous \\ ) ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2016/03/30/indias-growth-rate-to-further-pull-ahead-of-chinas-adb-says/ ) commonwealth nations . 
   that has never been on the table , and could never even in theory be on the table . 
   this has been known since the beginning . 
  and yet switzerland is currently in the process of getting rid of free movement themselves . 
  the eu is always open to compromises when it comes to the economies that keep it propped up . 
  we 'll see how they fare first , and wait for the bitterness at the uk to simmer down i think . 
   you only have as many options as the eu is willing to consider , seeing that the eu would be a dominant side in any negotiations that occur post-brexit . 
  the eu undoubtedly needs the uk economy more than the uk needs it . 
  the uk on it 's own is the 5th largest economy in the world , and is one of the very few eu nations actually experiencing economic growth . 
  we 'll see jut how dominant the eu is at the negotiating table at the threat of losing their favourite sugar daddy . 
  it 's almost like different people have different reasons for leaving the eu . 
  shocking , is n't it ? 
  adopting the norwegian or swiss model was always under the condition that we would have opt-outs for free movement of people . 
  now that it 's off the table , so is adopting that model . 
  the uk is n't some small scandinavian nation , we have multiple options if we leave . 
  there was a referendum . 
  the swiss are pulling out of free movement . 
  not to mention that they only obey around 70 % of the terms of them being in the single market in the first place . 
  and they do have that responsibility , when they signed the sangatte protocol with the opening of the eurotunnel . 
  french border control on the english border , and english border control in france . 
  that was the agreement , which predated the eu entirely . 
  killing that would kill any special relationship the uk and france has outside the eu , just out of pure spite . 
   we 've got the ability to change it we do n't . 
  you 'd think that we have that figured out by now . 
  great , except to the majority of the population it looks more like you 're refusing to cut off a cancerous tumour , not your foot . 
  the british population is unconvinced that the eu is beneficial to the country , and the remain campaign has n't done anything except tell us what we 'll be losing . 
  actually tell the population what they 're getting out of the eu first , convince us that it 's not a tumour . 
   but you have to accept free movement like switzerland and norway do . 
  except switzerland is dropping free movement in the next two years . 
  it is n't as rigid as you 're making it out to be . 
  and that 's if the uk goes with the set trade deal instead of striking our own . 
   it 's not retaliation , it 's making britain deal with it 's own problems , france deals with calais instead of britain to avoid giving more ammo to the eurosceptics complaining about migrants.but if you leave the union why should they do your dirty job ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  the deal is that the uk extends their border into calais , so france does n't have to deal with the border controls themselves . 
  we 've been dealing with france 's migrant population for years , not the other way around . 
   ah but the thing is that i know you 're already convinced and do n't have interest at all . 
  everyone of the political parties in your parliament agrees more or less with the principles laid down by adam and how it 's plainly better be in a single market than out.even ukip . 
  if the out campaign is based in lies , deception and populism it 's not my fault , the remain campaign is telling the truth , if people want a more appealing `` truth '' they can search it in another place . 
  to say that only one campaign has been peddling lies in this debate is completely laughable . 
  after the whole ` every household will lose # 4k a year ' scandal , it 's little wonder people are wary of the government opinion of eu membership . 
  the problem was that he was a centre-right politician pretending to be left wing in order to win over voters .
