  it sounds to me that britain cares far more about practical solutions than germany . 
   millions of people are on the run from war , terror and persecution and all you do is insult people like me who actually try to help as `` bleeding hearts '' . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  in case i have n't made it crystal clear yet , let me say it as simply as possible . 
  ** doing nothing is n't the same as helping . 
  and how many of them are actual refugees , and not just migrants ? 
  i 'd say very few , and it 's going to take you decades to sort them out . 
  you have n't done anything whatsoever to actually solve the problem , you just left the door open with the hope that the situation would solve itself in the future . 
  and what better term is there to describe someone who wants a country to take on more refugees than their system can handle ? 
  what good do you think that is going to do ? 
  ` bleeding heart ' is used to describe someone that lets their own naivete and soft-heartedness get in the way of reality and cause more harm than good . 
  i think that describes your position perfectly , do n't you think ? 
   how about you guys tax your financial industry a little more to get cash for more housing ? 
  the uk considers itself the pinnacle of first world nations gee whiz , i never knew it was so simple !, 
  let 's get our heavily corporate run , conservative government to abolish all those tax loopholes they put in place decades ago , shall we ? 
  i 'm sure that 'll be really fucking easy to do overnight . 
   the number of refugees they 've taken in so far is really low because we have nowhere to put them . 
  while france is converting old shipping containers into housing for refugees , we 're doing the same for our own native population . 
  i do n't want to invoke the old ` britain is full ' catchphrase , but we really do n't have the resources for an extra million people . 
  we are n't going to ruin our broken housing situation even further just to satisfy the bleeding hearts in brussels and berlin . 
   that 's a ridiculous misrepresentation of facts how so ? 
  what has the rest of the eu done to help this situation ? 
  the fact that you 've done nothing to stop the use of organised people trafficking gangs to bring people over ( instead of doing it yourself ) speaks volumes right now . 
  the uk is currently planning on bringing in the maximum number of refugees our system can cope with right now . 
  it 's not like we 're in the middle of a massive housing crisis or anything . 
  or would you want us to take in more than the country can handle , just to satisfy your poor bleeding heart ? 
  besides , i 'm sure if any other eu countries got involved instead of outsourcing to international criminal gangs , the process would be much smoother . 
  so far it 's only the uk that has put any real effort into fixing this issue , while everyone else seems content on waiting for the whole thing to hopefully blow over . 
  why does the solution have to be either open the floodgates or shoot on sight ? 
  it seems like germany has a very extreme binary view on the situation . 
  and though i 've said this multiple times on this sub , what 's wrong with the current british solution ? 
  turn them away at the border , and encourage them to apply for asylum in the uk from within the un refugee camps in turkey . 
  well , i do n't really get into a game of who 's to blame for what , but it does n't help when we build up a policy of leaving the front door wide open , with one country in particular inviting trouble to come over for tea . 
  then you need to vote for people who care about the interests of the public , and not the special interest groups that fund campaigns so they can make a small fortune from those bombs . 
  if i can be honest , i see a lot of people calling doom if trump or bernie become president . 
  but i 'm more worried if hilary gets in , because at least the other two seem genuine that their beliefs will help people and not corporations . 
  rottweilers are lovely dogs , but shockingly fragile for such huge muscular beasts . 
  we had one for many years too and though she could bulldoze through two inch thick wooden door , the poor thing had an incredibly weak immune system , almost like they 're bred to die before they get old . 
  sovereignty is a poor word choice , but i agree with the general sentiment . 
  europe 's time to play world police is long over , and most people i think are happy that it 's america with the aggressive imperialist reputation now and not us . 
  [ german shepherds can look pretty wolf-like . 
  ] ( http://www.petmd.com/sites/default/files/breedopedia/shepherd%20sam.jpg ), 
  you saying i 'm low quality because i get package holidays to benidorm or something m8 ? 
  i just think that the spaniards around here are just irritated that i reminded them benidorm exists . 
  the russian army issue uniforms and weapons were kind of a dead giveaway though , along with all those tv interviews and facebook checkins . 
  russia is many things , but masters of disguise is not one . 
  true , but for whatever reason putin really does n't want to see ukraine join the eu , and is willing to throw the country into war to make sure it does n't happen . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's putin . 
  do n't forget that the whole reason for the ~ ~ russian invasion of crimea ~ ~ ` local resistance ' was because the new ukrainian government wanted to join the eu and nato . 
  it 's not so much that there 's a long way to go , it 's just that having nato bordering russia is never going to be a good move . 
  we 've already seen what the threat of eu membership would do to them , do you really want to risk more aggressive expansion against russia ? 
  and yet , people wonder why nobody wants turkey to join the eu . 
  tawdry shit-eater does have a nice ring to it . 
  that is two camps where germany is currently housing refugees . 
  you might not be a fan of detention centres , but it does n't seem that the german government shares that opinion . 
  and what about dachau and buchenwald ? 
  so you 're denying that refugees are being housed in nazi death camps like dachau and buchenwald ? 
   except there 's no money at the end of this travesty . 
  not to you , but germany just got a huge workforce that 's willing to work for peanuts . 
  we also have a word for that in the uk , we call it ` basic national security ' . 
  you want to come into this country without the correct papers ? 
  jog on . 
  funny you mention the nazi concentration camps too , is n't that where germany are keeping a large number of their refugees right now ? 
  i 'd thank you for the extra info on the subject that shows my sources were wrong , but do you really have to be such an arse about it ? 
  nothing in my post warranted such a nasty reply . 
  calm down lad , you 're not on / r/ukpolitics right now . 
  and once you 've calmed down a bit , there 's one thing i still do n't get . 
  why would representatives on the irish side force through another referendum so soon after a vote for no ? 
  if they really were the ` voice of the people ' , they should have respected the original wishes of the public , rather than do it again until you get a different answer . 
  whoever the blame lies on , the whole situation screams anti-democratic . 
  i 'm referring to [ this ] ( http://www.jcm.org.uk/blog/2009/10/irelands-undemocratic-second-lisbon-treaty-referendum/ ) incident . 
  ireland voted * against * the libson treaty , not for it . 
  but because that 's not the answer papa eu wanted , ireland was forced to revote so it would pass . 
  that 's not democracy , that 's fascism , and represents everything that the uk detests about the eu . 
  the pound will recover and stabilise again . 
  the euro has been around for 20 odd years now , and it still has n't stabilised . 
  nobody is going to invest in a project that failed many years ago , let alone the risk it constantly poses to the pound . 
  and as it stands , it does n't matter how much trade germany does . 
  it still results in the uk putting in more money into the eu than they get out . 
  financially , the eu is nothing but a drain on our financial markets . 
  as for the incentives , they 've been around for far longer than the eu . 
  it 's the reason why britain has been the financial centre of the planet for several centuries . 
  leaving something so comparatively young like the eu is not going to change that . 
  the financial markets will never switch from the pound to the euro , it 's far , far too unstable to be even considered , plus the city of london offers all kinds of tax incentives that the eurozone would never dare use . 
  the entire way the libson treaty was handled should be grounds enough to leave the eu . 
  i 'm surprised ireland is still so friendly with the eu despite the downright fascist they forced a yes vote . 
  it 's also the same reason why so many hr and community managers are so unbearable nowadays . 
  their gender studies degrees are useless for anything else . 
  oh , and do n't forget that time tim hunt was ostracised for making a joke about how he met his wife . 
  you know what , i 'm starting to get the impression that feminists are just bitter that they did n't get a real degree at university . 
  just do n't let them know that our pancakes are actually crepes , and that we probably eat more croissants and garlic then they do . 
   minus the meeting time . 
  only if the knives are under 4 inches long , mind . 
  you know what they say , do n't bite the hand that feeds . 
  the concern is that if so many are really fleeing from war , how come there was so few women and children ? 
  is n't that just an average day in finland ? 
  with all the recent witch hunts , including today 's headline , i 'm inclined to agree . 
  the media have gotten way out of control with this to be trusted with the information anymore .
