  probably more famous now for being on the cover of a pink floyd album and being used as a frequent filming location for doctor who and sherlock . 
  it 's also ruddy gorgeous you pleb , far better looking than those german concrete monstrosities . 
  the us is a single country , the eu is n't . 
  the us is more like the uk or germany when it comes to that . 
  [ what 's wrong with our brickwork ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/battersea_power_station,_nine_elms,_london.jpg ), 
  maybe he should just move out of london then , like everyone else did a few decades ago ? 
  it 's not like the city does n't have a poor reputation of being several magnitudes more expensive to live in than the rest of the country anyway . 
  therein lies the fatal flaw . 
  turning sovereign nations into a single superstate is always going to be rejected as an orwellian nightmare , no matter how honest those intentions may be . 
  the eu should strive to be more like nafta , or it wo n't survive . 
  you ca n't simply scrub several thousand years worth of history off the map like that . 
  then why move out of the uk at all ? 
  no matter which way you cut it , things in portugal look far more bleak than even the worst economic predictions for the uk . 
  it seems like your boss is having a knee jerk reaction more than anything . 
  `` our second largest economy just left the eu over fears of increased federalisation , what should we do to restore trust ? '', 
  `` i know !, 
  more federalisation ! '', 
   portugal this seems like a bad idea , for a few reasons . 
  is n't he aware of the saying , out of the frying pan and into the fire ? 
  making trade deals outside the eu as an independent sovereign nation is banned . 
  if you join the eu single market as a full member , you 're not allowed to trade with anyone else . 
  where do you think the slogan `` out , and into the world '' came from ? 
  australia , new zealand , the united states , and india would be the biggest . 
  well , they have n't exactly done much to discourage the turkish migrant smuggling so far . 
  because it 's something completely unique to the european market , and is n't normal whatsoever . 
  how long do you think nafta would survive it there was forced open border policy between the us and mexico ? 
  the idea that you ca n't have a single market without free movement of people is complete and utter hogswash . 
  eu policy is the exception here , not the norm . 
   what annoyed me about the uk is how special they think they are and must be treated differently you can mostly blame the people who voted remain for that , who still think they can keep their foot in the door and maintain some sort of ` special relationship ' if they whine loudly enough . 
  fact is , the uk has never fit in with the rest of the eu culturally . 
  we need to stop trying to fix a broken relationship and concentrate on mending all those trading relationships we had to cut off in order to join this bizarre little club . 
  and that 's what the eu should have remained as . 
  no disastrous single currency , no orwellian plans to merge sovereign nations into a single superstate run by some faceless unelected bureaucracy . 
  you 're also stark raving mad if you think that nafta will ever be a stepping stone to further eu style integration . 
  open borders between the us and mexico ? 
  never going to happen . 
  the reaction on this sub to the referendum result has only confirmed one thing for me , people on the continent * really * hate the uk . 
  you 'd think that they 'd be happy that we finally voted to step out of the way and let them get on with their bone headed federalisation project in peace . 
  nafta is a purely economic union , and they 're even bigger than the eu now . 
  blatantly mixing pro-federal politics with trading blocs is something completely unique to europe , it 's not the norm . 
  i do n't know , i think the more the people of the uk learned about the eu , the more we would have rejected it . 
  just look at how quickly support dropped over the brexit campaigns as people informed themselves about what the eu actually was , and as the stay campaign made more own goals than anything else . 
  like our american cousins , we are n't big on the whole federalisation thing . 
  the apple does n't fall far from the tree if you shake it hard enough . 
  the us wants access to the european healthcare ` market ' . 
  market access means that monopolies must be abolished . 
  these include public services that are provided by the state or by a limited number of suppliers -- like the nhs . 
  if the eu or an individual government does n't want to open its public services to wider competition , it must specify that they 're not covered . 
  including public services in the agreement , subject to exemptions , has been criticised by campaigners who argue it puts them at risk of forced privatisation . 
  the agreement would also try to encourage investment by giving investors extra legal protections . 
  among other things , eu governments would guarantee ` fair and equitable treatment ' for us firms , as well as promising not to take their property without compensation ( ` expropriation ' ) . 
  campaigners worry that this would allow a us firm that owned a stake in an english hospital to sue under the agreement if it were nationalised . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  it 's all the rage to shit on poor people now , because they voted the `` wrong '' way . 
  ttip would indirectly force the privatisation of the nhs , and any other socialised healthcare system . 
  this would be much harder to do on a national level instead of the eu level . 
  yeah , [ that has n't stopped us before . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-and-china-agree-14-billion-of-trade-and-investment-deals ), 
  honestly , it ca n't be much worse than having horse meat in everything , and the us would be idiots to go directly after the nhs . 
  the union is only a bloody decade old . 
  it does n't have any ` core principles ' . 
  you 'll need another two sitting on their iphones doing nothing . 
  you think he 's keeping all other 27 nations in line ? 
  polls show that most eu nations are just as split down the middle on the eu as the uk was . 
  the only difference was that our pm was stupid enough to give the people a chance to let that discontent be heard . 
  juncker has completely failed to show any form of compromise or respect for national sovereignty during his time as president , and now that arrogance will cost the eu dearly . 
  if he cared about the eu , he 'd resign before those dominoes start falling . 
  whether it be a short or long term possibility , it was n't one that the uk wanted any part in , nor would it ever will , as it 's been the case for a 1000 years when we invented the constitution . 
  `` britons shall never be slaves '' , as the saying goes . 
  no , the uk actually leads the world when it comes to young people not voting . 
  mostly because of clegg , whether he deserves it or not . 
  his arrogance cost him the eu 's second largest economy . 
  whether now , or when the markets have calmed down , he needs to go . 
  he certainly should n't have any place at the negotiating table when article 50 is invoked . 
  he can sit outside with farage , where they can bicker and make snide jokes at each other until the end of time . 
  we 'd take him . 
  i do n't think the queen has had a proper jester for centuries !, 
  why ? 
  are you really that eager to see an independent britain fail ? 
  it 's going to be triggered , there 's no question about that . 
  there 's also going to be a new prime minister before october . 
  if we can clean up the mess that callahan made , we can clean up cameron 's . 
  that 's wishful thinking on your part . 
  the pound tanked not because of the result itself , but because the result was so different to what was expected and predicted by pretty much everyone . 
  well , you did have a vote . 
  and a significant amount voted to leave , far more than the total gap between leave and remain . 
  we warned you , we said that they 'd have you all speaking german without us !, 
  tried that , failed . 
  no point trying to fix a broken relationship . 
  because it 's those 4 countries that are currently keeping yours afloat . 
  given the current state of the eu , i do n't find it unbelievable that people are having trouble believing that they were once open to compromising with national governments . 
  which would you prefer , to make a decision you do n't want to make before , or after the angry mob smashes down your door ? 
  there 's a lot of anti-establishment sentiment right now , and the best thing to do probably is n't to ignore the majority of the population to preserve your own self interests . 
  dae think poor people are dumb fucks ? 
   you know what 's funny ? 
  in the recession that will follow , you 'll lose waaay more money than what you would have given the eu for decades . 
  based on what ? 
  a temporary dip in the stock markets that we all knew was going to happen ? 
  a dip that 's only so far gone as low as february , and has been nowhere near as bad as the dips on the continent ?
