  who knows . 
  / r/casualuk is far superior anyway . 
  by continental standards maybe , but then we 've been arguing for decades that the european overton window is so far to the left that it 's sniffing lenin 's ghostly farts . 
  that means nothing , california and texas have been threatening to leave the us for decades . 
   most people regardless of political views can see that the daily mail is shit . 
  yet the snowflakes somehow manage to hand them the moral highground . 
  the right certainly has n't become any more attractive over the years , but there 's a legitimate argument that the left has become worse in many areas . 
  you seem disappointed that he was n't beaten to death by islamic extremists . 
  if you do n't like how these kinds of comments keep popping up , then maybe sweden should n't have let itself become such a miserable weak joke of a country to begin with . 
  [ only one way to do that !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/sxuu3zncvmi ), 
  [ unfortunately not . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ejwrva3.jpg ) the same journalist then went to stockholm , where he had to travel with police escorts who tried to keep him away from the ` no go zones ' . 
  sounds like a fine modern country to me !, 
  safe , suuuure . 
  where does sweden rank in the world on rape and grenade attacks again ? 
  funnily enough , i tend to avoid dangerous countries where the press need to wear bullet proof vests . 
  rape capital of the world , grenade attack capital of the world , yeah , sounds like a great place to live to me !, 
  yes , such a modern nation with such a high quality of life where citizens of the nation 's capital live in constant fear of having their limbs blown off in a grenade attack . 
  i could n't be happier that the uk , and soon our great ally france , will be abandoning the disastrous failure of the european project , a na\u00efve utopian experiment that has only resulted in bloodshed and loss of the european identity . 
  and neither the impotent whining of brussels or the snp ca n't stop it . 
  britain and france is going to make europe great again !, 
  honestly quite sad to see such a once powerful scandinavian country become the poster child of a weak europe and the butt of jokes across the world . 
  that 's one way to stop it 's current state of being invaded by north africa . 
   it is better to be in the uk than part of ireland . 
  only in ni could the bonds of shared national identity be outweighed by a common distaste of catholics with the neighbors . 
  undoubtedly . 
  five guys too !, 
  unfortunately for you and fortunately for me , pop tarts and lucky charms can be found in different uk supermarkets , and chipoltle have a number of franchises in london now . 
  all we need now is those blasted goldfish . 
  cheese is the least of their problems , the real issue is their obsession with nasty soda bread , and chocolate that that literally tastes and smells like human vomit . 
   relying on opinion polls third time 's the charm , right ? 
  no , i said that the eu needs those three countries to survive . 
  it does n't matter who ` the big six ' are if four out of six are n't anywhere near the top three contributors . 
  are you seriously arguing that the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , and italy have larger economies than the uk ? 
  she 's top in the polls , and even then it would be unwise to underestimate her like everyone did with brexit and trump . 
   who is about to pull out of the euro ? 
  france , assuming le pen wins the election , which is more than likely at this point . 
  what 's wrong with the telegraph ? 
  move that overton window to the left any more , and you 'll be hitting bedrock lad . 
  well , it * is * scotland we 're talking about here . 
  ian mcdiarmid was in jedi , and later added into empire . 
  like anthony daniels and kenny baker in the prequels , he does n't count . 
  elected as a direct response to the shift left over the last decade in more mainstream politics . 
  when the political status quo becomes this out of touch and offers no real conservative options , people will go for the fringe candidates out of desperation and protest . 
  true , i should n't really be joking about throwing migrants in concentration camps when germany is already doing exactly that in dachau . 
  what privacy ? 
  what 's so bad about that ? 
  if it 's poland you 're concerned about , you 'll be happy to hear that germany already built fortified accommodation for all those migrants in the early 1940 's !, 
   it is fascism but without the dictator . 
  see , this is where the term orwellian would be apt . 
  it 's tyranny by committee on a continental scale . 
  so , alcohol ? 
  there 's a rush because the snp know that there is no appetite in scotland to join the eu as a new member , without all the benefits that the uk currently enjoys . 
   brexit was always 50/50 !, 
  and the media says that hillary has a 90 % chance of winning !, 
   you ca n't compare the electoral college to a referendum !, 
  we 've already heard these excuses before lad . 
  the difference is that native poor swedes do n't lob grenades at each other . 
  the issue is absolutely with these ` refugees ' , unemployment is no excuse to turn the streets of europe into a warzone . 
  you might want to put a word in with the lewes bonfire society then . 
  did you ever deliver bread ? 
  this is in rye , right ? 
  sure , * that * is the reason the us media treats trump the way they do . 
  absolutely nothing to do with trump and the press declaring war on each other every day . 
  let 's put the question to you differently . 
  would * you * ever go to these areas ? 
  would you , personally , feel safe ? 
  ` was ' being the operative word here . 
  you 'll have to look for answers outside the sub , anyone biting is being smashed with the ban hammer . 
  that 's actually pretty damn genius . 
  trump has successfully privatised conservation , and done it in such a way that the private sector will care deeply about it . 
  4d chess in action . 
  the berkely riots for one , and ralying behind racist nutters like sally brown for another . 
  you 'd think that after hillary lost , the left in the us would learn from their mistakes , but apparently not . 
  i never said that . 
  i said that * you * think she should be hounded because of her beliefs , which you made pretty clear in your comment . 
  thank you for demonstrating that you have much , much to understand . 
  do n't count your eggs just yet . 
  i had a go at plenty of yanks for thinking hillary had it in the bag despite the brexit upset , but i would n't have thought this sub would be dumb enough to make the same mistakes . 
  welcome to planet trump . 
  he knows by exaggerating and lying , he can make the world 's press cover stories that they would normally sweep under the rug , playing them like a damn fiddle . 
  not on the issues that people actually care about though . 
  so because she has political beliefs you do n't like , she should be raided and hounded by the police , ignoring due process ? 
  and this sub wonders why the eu is so often compared to the ussr . 
   his whole show is literally just there to promote trump , it 's not even a secret . 
  tucker 's show is basically shitting on batshit insane far-leftists . 
  that they keep fucking up and handing the moral highground to trump is a happy little side-effect for fox news . 
  but then , the far-left spreading their batshit insane beliefs to the mainstream is what landed us in such a mess to begin with . 
  i think there 's an argument for something like christmas being so ingrained into european culture that it really is n't optional if you want to integrate . 
  like christmas with the kranks , really . 
  if you want to become a citizen of a country , you should absolutely be made to learn the language , learn the culture , and integrate . 
  multiculturalism has failed absolutely miserably in europe , leading to ghettos , crime , and widespread self-segregation of muslim communities . 
   the large increase in immigration brought about by the left-wing damaged their popularity so badly that they lost the election in 2010 to the right-wing . 
   the issue is that the right-wing brought in even more immigrants and refugees , despite making it clear they were n't going to do just that . 
  as predicted they lost the election in 2014 , while the only political party critical of our immigration policies ( sd ) tripled their votes and went from a fringe party to the third biggest party in sweden . 
  gee golly fucking whiz , i wonder where i 've heard that story before ? 
  this political party that 's critical of immigration is n't called swedekip by any chance ? 
  well , if you believe that your country has become a shithole ruled by shariah law , why would you want to continue living there ? 
  oh boy , you 'd better believe it is .
