  are you sure about that ? 
  because from i can see , no terrorist group really likes it when a moab is dropped on their base causes hundreds to die in an unimaginably painful manner . 
  what they really do like though is when governments decide to open the gates of their country to as many undocumented migrants as possible , slipping in the crowds so they can commit atrocities far closer to the seats of power of their enemies , and avoid having one of those pesky bombs dropped on their head in response . 
  you 've misspelled juncker . 
  at least they 're putting effort into fighting it and acknowledging that the fire is a problem , rather than stripping naked , jumping into the blaze , and demand that everyone else must do the same . 
  maybe , once the whole trump/putin goes beyond a birther level conspiracy theory at least . 
  the incoming orwellian super-state . 
  love live eurasia !, 
  assuming he does n't die of a drug overdose first ? 
   turning this much of a blind eye to an issue because it does n't personally effect you, 
  so , you 're admitting that the only way we 'll see real political change on the continent is if germany approves first ? 
  of course , and i bet you federalists are really happy now that you 've beaten le pen and got your new cockholster in power . 
  fuck the safety of the french people and suck that clay dry , amirite ? 
  really ? 
  fighting against terrorism is what helps them ? 
  not letting them into your country en-masse to do whatever they like ? 
  you could have fooled me !, 
  for trying to run as rulers on a continent that openly welcomes their own destruction , they did about as well as they could . 
  once again , it seems like only the uk has the strength to stand up against a ` united europe ' . 
  what are you on about ? 
  is this like some weak ` how do you do fellow kids ' imitation of t_d ? 
  it sounds about as witty as ` pok\u00e9mon go to the polls ' . 
  survived ? 
  sure . 
  but i would n't say they 've done much besides barely hanging on . 
   intelligence sharing did n't even think about that one . 
  i wonder how much worse terrorism in the eu would be without gchq doing the vast majority of the work anymore . 
  because juncker is a moron with a hate boner for the uk , who is looking to insert himself into the negotiations so he can torpedo them . 
  he only cares about ` punishing ' the uk for snubbing him , even when it goes against the interest of other member states . 
  nope , william iv was the last royal to stay there . 
  victoria hated the pavilion for being too close to the public eye , and sold it to the then town council . 
  keep tightening that tin foil hat of yours . 
  the closest queen victoria got to being in india , as they say . 
   i call a spade a spade that 's a uh , interesting choice of words . 
  you * are * aware of what that phrase means , right ? 
  that 's not a nice way to talk about your sister , laddie . 
   you lying dipshit fuck . 
   you pig fucker touched a raw nerve have i ? 
  or are you just mad that ` ol dolly hopped over the fence before you could nut ? 
  for reference , this is what clinton said ;  `` but if everybody 's watching , you know , all of the back room discussions and the deals , you know , then people get a little nervous , to say the least . 
  so , you need both a public and a private position . '' sure sounds like admitting your polices are all bullshit to me . 
  journalists claimed nothing compromising was found about clinton either , despite finding out that she literally told wall street that none of her policies were real . 
  but it 's not a tradition . 
  televised debates between party leaders is a very recent thing in the uk . 
  funny how wikileaks only started to have an ` agenda ' and became involved in a massive russian conspiracy when the pendulum started to shift and it became the left who routinely ended up with egg on their faces . 
  what are you on about ? 
  / pol / has claimed responsibility for the hack , not big bad putin . 
  you say that , but he 's just been the victim of a clinton style email hack . 
  this could blow up in his face as the media make all kinds of last minute allegations that he ca n't respond to . 
  because she has already won . 
   -177 pts jesus , good job on rustling those jimmies . 
  funny to see this sub which was shitting all over / r/uk a few weeks ago basically turning into the same thing over le pen . 
  one out of three is n't a great track record . 
  you know for someone who claims to know nothing about the london culture bubble , you sure do seem to play the role of the average privileged londoner pretty well !, 
  sorry lad , [ that simply is n't true . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/oldham-tops-list-of-most-deprived-towns-in-britain-a6940696.html ), 
  the reason the rest of the country is n't doing so well is because it 's run as ` london first second and third , everyone else maybe later ' . 
  it 's a big reason people voted to leave the eu too . 
  they did n't vote for their demise , they voted for * yours . 
  i thought i made it quite clear . 
  london lives in it 's own cultural bubble completely separate from the rest of the country . 
  you 're typically far richer than people in the rest of the country , and can afford to avoid many issues faced by the working class public . 
  you live in a city where you 're surrounded with things to see and do , never feeling the need to venture out of the city limits and see how badly the culture has been drained from every town as populations have swelled and neighbourhoods been segragated . 
  in short , by living in london you have a privilege that everyone outside the city does not have , and you 're generally shielded from every major issue in the country . 
  this makes you swing much further to the left than everyone else , and generally live in your own little bubble . 
  now who is moving goalposts ? 
  england , wales and scotland are all separate countries , it 's a fair distinction to make . 
  flanders and holland however , are n't . 
  if it 's provinces you want to compare , how about we compare to greater london , with average population densities in the tens of thousands ? 
   as a londoner and you lot are half the problem . 
  nothing but a bunch of out of touch middle classes who live in a giant bubble , completely ignorant of the issues of the country they live in . 
  scotland and wales really skew those figures though , thanks to the highlands being protected from development and wales just being shit . 
  the population density of england itself is 413ppsq , higher than the netherlands and significantly more than belgium . 
  it 's an odd comparison , but those sorts of mega-cities are really the only things that come close to our population density . 
  and as someone living in the south and who has been dragged to * many * council meetings growing up , i can say with some degree of authority that the reason housing developers have n't been able to keep up is because of the locals trying to drive them out of town altogether to protect their countryside . 
   as popular in ireland as abortion is in the vatican or , you know , ireland . 
  worse have tried and failed . 
  it 'll take more than a wonky union that 's younger than the hair on my balls to take down an institution like the city of london , which is a paradise built by bankers for bankers going back centuries . 
  for all the ` le fuck off we 're full ' memes , you 're not wrong . 
  the uk is probably the most crowded country on the planet , with only cities like tokyo and new york coming close . 
  people were fed up with people being imported to take jobs that ` nobody wanted ' when people did in fact want them , and they were fed up with half the countryside being turned into housing estates in order to home them . 
  it was totally unsustainable , and i 'm shocked it went on for as long as it did . 
  the difference is that britain gave up on conquering the world . 
  for context , i 'm taking the piss . 
  anyone who thinks the ok sign is a symbol of nazism or white power just because 4chan told them it was is an absolute muppet . 
  except he was . 
  if the uk surrendered , the soviet union would have been invaded much earlier with a bigger army and been defeated . 
  even if they somehow won and pushed a counter-attack , without having the uk as a base to launch an international western front the nazis would n't have needed to split their forces and would have pushed them back again . 
  the irony is that you 're wasting everyone 's time with all this nonsense . 
  you 're beyond debate , only mockery awaits you . 
  seems like it worked , she managed to get macaroon to flash a neo-nazi hand signal at the camera !, 
   what remains of the eu has always been more united , than the uk was united with the union . 
  they were the only country who did not want a complete integration of the military of the european union , the most obstruction country in most trade deals and one of two countries who did n't want to be part of the eurozone . 
  tell that to france , greece , hungary , the netherlands , spain , italy , etc. 
  to say that the eu is ` united ' in any shape or form is an absolute fairytale . 
   uk with a gdp of 2,368 billion euro was important , but is dwarfed by 12,452 billion euro of the remaining eu . 
  about 44 % ( 283 billion euro ) of uk exports in goods and services went to other countries in the eu , between 8-17 % of exports from other eu countries go to the uk . 
  misleading as fuck . 
  what you fail to mention is that the uk imports far more than it exports , with a trade deficit of about 82 billion every year . 
  the eu needs our business far more than you need ours and can not afford to lose a trading partner that is this beneficial .
