  the shooter was from sodding iran . 
  edit : and of course , all the people here to tell me otherwise all have germany flairs . 
  german self-loathing knows no bounds !, 
  well yes , but that was n't exactly uncommon in the early 20th century . 
  he 's famous for writing animal farm and 1984 , the latter of which warns against the federalisation of sovereign nations under a mostly unelected single party government , like the eu has become . 
  by long term , do you mean merging member states under a single federal government ? 
  if so , did n't orwell have some things to say about that ? 
   the far larger damage is done if that deal is struck , because then you can basically abandon the eu entirely oh no , the horror . 
  god forbid that the federal project that everyone said was going to fail ends up failing , and more of it 's members regain their independence . 
  it 's become a shitty anglophobic community riddled with self-loathing federalists either way . 
  if you honestly believe that preserving the integrity eu is more important than the prosperity of it 's member states , then you must agree that the eu is no longer fit for purpose . 
  versus large economic damage to both unions , and very possibly more to the eu as the shrinking economy is unavoidable when you lose 65 million people . 
  now who 's the one cutting off their nose to spite their faces ? 
  eh , westminster and the top 1 % are obsessed with growth . 
  everyone else is fed up with not seeing a penny from it . 
  obsessed with what exactly ? 
   the uk is most definitely the country most obsessed with growth in the eu . 
  what on earth gave you that impression ? 
  the overwhelming opinion in the uk has always been that the eu is holding back our potential for international growth . 
  `` out and into the world '' , and all that . 
   to be honest i 'd accept some loss of gdp so that we 're not apart of the ever-federalising eu . 
  it 's sad that this is such a controversial thing to say , especially for people on the continent . 
  i think it was nigel farage of all people that suggested people on the continent welcome the eu flag and anthem with open arms because supporting federalisation does n't have the same post-war stigma that nationalism has , which is a concept entirely alien to the british . 
   no shit adding more people = more growth . 
  cheap labour is profitable . 
  who knew ? 
  but is it remotely sustainable ? 
  considering we just voted to leave the eu despite the apocalyptic warnings i doubt it . 
  but muh trickle down economics !, 
  it 's pretty fucking obvious given the context of this thread that by ` people ' , i meant ` eurosceptics ' . 
  you 're pulling at hairs here . 
  the house of lords does n't write legislation though . 
  they only check to see if it 's legal . 
  that 's the problem with the commission , they should n't be allowed to make drafts as they are n't elected representatives . 
  my whole point was that our equivalent of the eu commission has nowhere near as much power as the commission itself . 
   please refrain from racism and various - isms , criticism of religion is fine , `` sandmonkeys '' is not . 
  what about the 1992 novel by joanne horniman ? 
  most , not all . 
  and it 's certainly not reflective of what the uk considers to be democracy . 
  here legislation is drafted and debated directly by the elected members of parliament , and is then sent to the higher house of lords , our equivalent of the commission , only to make sure that the new laws do not infringe on anything existing legislation . 
  that 's what the eu should be more like , with laws put forth by elected representatives of the people and not bureaucrats who seemingly answer to nobody . 
  i never said ` all people ' , just ` people ' . 
  i know how it works . 
  and i do n't believe that the eu commission should have half the power it does . 
  writing new legislation should be in the hands of democratically elected council members , not the commission . 
  at the moment the council have two options when it comes to the eu , either approve new legislation written by the commission or obstruct it . 
  that is * not * what i would call a democratic institution . 
  it is impossible to give the eu more legislative power without also taking it away from sovereign governments . 
  it 's completely illogical . 
  italian eurosceptics , for one . 
  but it 's that kind of reform we 're talking about here , less centralised and more democratic . 
  people want the eu to have * less * power , not more . 
   stay and reform david cameron tried that , look how well it turned out for him . 
  so long as sovereign leaders remain powerless to the eu commission , there will never be any reform towards democracy and devolution . 
  i think you 're overselling the worth of your country by a tad there . 
  if scotland went independent and joined the eu , they 'd become another greece . 
  no doubt about it . 
  the question of scottish independence is the question of which greater economy you want to support the scottish economy , the uk or the eu . 
  why would i be salty when we 're leaving ? 
  you can always have a referendum !, 
  and if you vote to leave , the eu will claim ` the situation has changed ' and will force you to have a revote . 
  as is tradition in glorious eussr . 
  i remember there was a similar ` economic union ' some decades ago , that also wished ruin on anyone who dared to leave it . 
   a noticeable downward turn the stock markets took a temporary shit . 
  that 's it . 
  it 's ridiculous how everyone became an expert on the stock market post referendum . 
  the salt in this sub when britain succeeds outside the eu ( and it will ) is going to be something to behold . 
   for the others , yes even a country like italy is going to be a massive improvement for them . 
  does n't italy have 40 % youth unemployment ? 
  and is on the verge of a greek style bailout ? 
  i think you 've oversold your country a bit there lad . 
  * just according to keikaku *, 
   just dont let people turn this into a `` yay democracy won '' moment anyone who does that deserves a slap in the face . 
  erdogan lost the last election , and responded by having another right afterwards where he `` won ' by a landslide . 
  it 's a travesty that the world considers him a democratically elected leader . 
  the lib dems were , because it meant more seats for them . 
  labour were n't so hot . 
  the argument was that it may not be the most democratic thing in the world , it prevented fringe parties like ukip and the bnp from getting their foot in the door . 
  the whole vote boiled down to democracy vs stopping the ` rise of the far right ' . 
   a few people [ keep telling yourself that . 
  ] ( http://www.commdiginews.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/assimilated-800.jpg ), 
  oy oy , it 's not like we 've had our own troubles with radical catholics and royalty over the past few decades . 
  so what , france ? 
  oh yes , and then some . 
  you think the uk as a whole is bad ? 
  wait until the scots come out of the honeymoon phase and go all braveheart on you . 
  a good counter balance would be to actually put funding into your own damn armed forces , instead of relying on britain and france to do all the negotiating with the us on your behalf . 
  it 's not lack of unity that 's the issue , it 's that only three nations actually take the project seriously . 
   thanks for the insight . 
  no problem , have some more . 
   well according to russian propaganda and many anti globalist news outlets ( many who supported brexit ) say that all of nato is taking orders from the us . 
  so according to them britain is not sovereign anyways . 
  the general mood in britain and much of europe is that the us just does whatever the fuck it wants to , and does n't much care that nato exists . 
  the only real example that russia and the like have of the us dragging another nato member into something is iraq and afghanistan , though now it 's widely regarded that tony blair is just as guilty of bringing us into that conflict for ulterior motives as george bush . 
   seeing brexit from the outside is just mind-boggling with the back stabbing and lies . 
  i really hope that someone has the stones to take leadership in this mess . 
  i thought farage would at least draft plans on disentangling the uk from the eu but he just stepped down from power . 
  farage never had any power . 
  he was an mep , not a british mp . 
  in fact , the whole referendum was originally a way to * prevent * farage gaining power , but backfired spectacularly .
