  party membership only costs # 20 . 
  i know this because / r/uk joined a very public campaign to get him elected . 
  the same / r/uk that became a giant , unreadable salt mine after the referendum result . 
  ` guardian blairite bullocks ' has nothing to do with it , just look at corbyn 's voting history on the eu . 
  he 's consistently voted against every pro-europe treaty since the 70 's . 
  that says more about his true stance than what he did during a campaign . 
  people voted in corbyn to go against the grain of mainstream labour politics , and moan when he does exactly that . 
  utter hypocrites . 
  this is n't corbyn 's fault , it 's the people that made him the leader of a party he shares very little ideals with . 
  well , she * is * french . 
  i do n't agree with his party on a lot of things , but he 's definitely someone i 'd love to have a pint with . 
  not really a coincidence , farage was the first , if only person to see the parallels between the trump campaign and brexit . 
  points one and two is no different from any other president of the past 50 fucking years . 
  point three has been a long time coming . 
  much like with the leveson enquiry in the uk , the us is in major need of media accountability . 
  no ` fake news ' about it . 
  according to eurostat ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/asylum-and-managed-migration/data/database ) ) , the official body tasked with provide statistical information to the institutions of the european union , 1.4 % of asylum seekers who arrived in italy in the first five months of 2017 were from syria , and 0.36 % were from libya . 
  over 20 % of the asylum claims are from nigerians . 
  bangladeshis also accounted for over 9 % of asylum claims , while pakistanis accounted for 7.5 % and migrants from the gambia accounting for 7.9 % of asylum requests . 
   the turmoil in the middle east . 
  yet the vast majority are from north africa . 
  if you honestly still believe that your national interests are protected by the ec , then you are hopelessly lost . 
  the ec is far more interested in retaining whatever power they can in the uk than they are ensuring a good trade deal between the uk and europe . 
  personal experience says the one side is much more likely to attack than the other . 
  the right likes to hide behind memes and silly youtube videos , but as jonathan pie said a year ago now , the left have completely lost the ability to hold a civil conversation to someone on the other side of the fence . 
  the eu and uk might be happy with wto tariffs , but a lot of people on the continent , germany especially , will not be happy whatsoever . 
  should n't the commision be acting on behalf of these interests , or has the eu given up any semblance of serving anyone except for themselves ? 
  but i did n't resort to insult , / u/icanicant34 did . 
  generalise all you like , but only one side is guilty in this comment chain . 
  if asking people from the roi to respect the sovereignty and decisions of their northern neighbours makes me a terrible person , then so be it . 
  we did n't survive the troubles to have republicans continuing to poke their noses where they do n't belong . 
   it 's a big market but it 's not that big . 
  it 's literally the second biggest market in the eu behind germany . 
  either the start making concessions , or they 'll have a lot a very angry member states to answer to when there 's no trade deal made . 
  again , the commission can only put up this authoritarian streak for so much longer . 
  that 'll depend on how the uk-eu trade deal goes , the eu commission can only put up it 's tough authoritarian front for so long before parties on both sides have enough , and cracks are forming on the german and french sides . 
  not to mention the unique problem ireland poses , where neither side would dare enforce a hard border . 
  northern ireland could easily end up being used as a way to import non-eu approved goods onto the continent . 
  why is it the left always resort to insults when you run out of anything constructive to say ? 
  surely it would be easier to leave the conversation entirely than dig yourself a deeper hole ? 
  not quite , this will be the third time in 2 years that the british are banking on the fact that european member states will grow the balls to act in their own national interests instead of whatever the commission deems best for them . 
  we 'll have to wait and see then . 
  because the way things are going now with the eu being hopelessly out of touch with the trade ministers they 're supposed to be representing , something is going to give . 
  brexit will put that policy to the test then , wo n't it ? 
  at this point , it 's a waiting game to see how long national trade ministers are willing to continue letting the eu commission handle negotiations for them . 
  from what i 've been seeing , they 're none to happy that the eu is more concerned about keeping eu courts in the uk than they are negotiating an actual trade deal . 
  why is it people like you start calling others illiterate when they run out of arguments ? 
  is there some sort of projection going on here ? 
  i know a lot of you guys can barely speak english , but i did n't know that english education in the roi was * that * bad . 
  what happens to northern ireland is the uk 's concern , not the roi . 
  surely the republic should have learned their lesson from the troubles by keeping your noses out of their business , but it seems like that 's no longer the case . 
  exactly , northern ireland is part of the * uk * , not the republic . 
  whether or not a border goes up is none of your goddamn business . 
  if you 're really that concerned about the border , leave the eu yourselves and rejoin the uk . 
  easy solution !, 
  seriously , how can you have the nerve to say the the uk should have voted with irish interests in mind , and say * we 're * the ones being selfish ? 
  brexit was a decision about the future of * britain . 
  * the republic has made it very clear that they want nothing to do with being british , and i do n't see what gives you the right to poke your nose into our business , bleating on about how the decision is going to effect * you . 
  well , he 's half scottish for one thing . 
  a prosperous uk is easily within his personal interests , and likely wants to make amends for how obama snubbed the country so much . 
  there 's also the matter that trade deals done quick is the unofficial motto of his administration , and with the uk border situation becoming more complex , many are likely looking at the uk as an easy way into the european market without having to deal with the eu , much like how hong kong is to china . 
  what a load of crock , remain voters have been demanding a second referendum since the end of the first one . 
  riots and calls to overthrow the government , presumably . 
  a small island which ruled the world until not too long ago , defeated germany twice , and is still the 5th largest global economy . 
  blind arrogance like this will be the eu 's undoing . 
  i 'm not confused at all . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.netclothing.net/hugo-by-hugo-boss-skull-print-button-shirt-black/ ) is a brand new hugo boss shirt you can buy that literally has a skull pattern all over it . 
  i do n't get what 's so difficult to understand here . 
  i mean , skulls are n't exactly unpopular on clothes and tattoos today . . 
  did n't you just say that the police could n't be bothered to find whoever did it though ? 
  and which religious group uses acid attacks as their preferred method of maiming and disfiguring again ? 
  forgotten about rotherham already have you ? 
  or the now bi-monthly terror attacks ? 
  face it lad , britain ` gets on fine ' with them because our government and law enforcement purposely turns a massive blind eye to them . 
  israel ` gets on fine ' with them by realising how islam is fundamentally incompatible with western democracy , and takes measures to counter it , unsavoury those measures may be . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  sure you ca n't think of any countries more facsist than israel ? 
  north korea ? 
  china ? 
  etc , etc. 
   most other people in germany perhaps , a country that still censors videogames from having nazis as antagonists , but the rest of the world has moved on . 
  not really glorifying nazis per se , but the hugo boss outfits they wore . 
  and since hugo boss are still very much around and still make suits , i do n't think there 's anything too controversial about that . 
  worm it is then . 
  you responded to a comment that was talking about how it 's dangerous when only the rich approve of merkel 's leadership with your comment about education being the culprit . 
  the whole ` bottom 30 % ' thing itself was talking specifically about german demographics . 
  either you made a mistake , or you 're lying to worm your way out of a grossly offensive comment . 
  which one is it ? 
  then i 'd say your english could use some more work lad , especially with paying attention to context , because it very much looked like you were saying people in the bottom 30 % do n't respect merkel because of education . 
  you said education is the reason why the bottom 30 % of germans do n't like merkel . 
  what other conclusion do you expect people to draw from your statement ? 
  so , poor people are just too stupid to know what 's good for them ? 
  i deleted nothing so you can stop lying about that , and i specifically said i went through my * comment * history . 
  and as you said , it 's inoffensive . 
  you 're playing guilt by association . 
  do you have * any * actual argument to defend your opinions with , or are you going to keep hiding behind the big bad t_d boogeyman ? 
  i thought this sub was better than the petty tribalism and ad-homs of / r/politics , but apparently that 's not the case . 
  like it or not , the migrant crisis was , and still is a large disaster for the eu , and one that is intrinsically linked to ms merkel 's leadership qualities . 
  if you do n't like people bringing up her biggest fuckup where she lost all control of the situation , do n't make stupid claims about her being an ` actual leader in control of the situation ' . 
  screeching about the t_d boogeyman is n't going to magically wipe this massive black mark from merkel 's ledger anytime soon .
