   but more important : 80 % of the uk economy comes from providing services , services who are threaten to pull business from the uk if the import tariffs become too high ( like microsoft , hsbc , ubs , smiffys ( who already left to the netherlands ) , jp morgan , goldman sachs , lloyd 's of london , aig , barclays are an example , more join this list everyday we come closer to the brexit ) . 
  again , more misleading nonsense . 
  the companies you 've listed have n't moved their operations to the eu , only their eu headquarters . 
  britain has been the financial heart of the globe for centuries , something so recent and unstable as the eu is n't going to alter that . 
   and that 's the economic power of the eu : an internal single market . 
  that 's what the eu is . 
  that 's what the uk is leaving . 
  of-course , trade agreements with the union without being part of the union is possible . 
  but they are much less favorable and have a guillotine clause : break the laws of the eu and the other bilateral agreements will collapse . 
  the eu as a union is a broken mess lurching from one economic disaster to another as the richer member states constantly bail out the poorer members who adopted a single currency they ca n't afford . 
  the eu 's tough front against brexit is just that , a front . 
   it is n't a bluff . 
  it is . 
  the eu 's negotiating position is far weaker than they would like to admit . 
  the union is irreparably broken right now , and can not afford it 's second largest member to leave without a deal . 
  i 'd happily call their bluff . 
  why ? 
  why do you consider the mere existence of the eu to be automatically beneficial to europe ? 
  it 's this sort of holier-than-thou attitude which is making people want to leave . 
  all while making sure he has an iron fisted grip on the liberal media , and has massive influence over left wing political candidates . 
  there 's no real way to sugarcoat it , george soros is the left wing version of rupert murdoch . 
   especialy here in r/europe , a bunch of you had fathers doing pretty atrocious things . 
  why do you think they have so much cultural and racial guilt ? 
  / r/unitedkingdom is leaking . 
  i 'm not denying that he was without flaws , but his achievements hugely outweigh whatever offences he may have caused , especially when compared against the ` modern ' standards of the overly sensitive far-left staff of the independent . 
   history remembers him as a good leader , just because he actually does well under pressure and was able to inspire , but all-in-all he was a crazy and terrible peacetime leader , and should ' t be used as an counter-example for nationalists . 
  because fuck everyone for looking past someone 's flaws to see the good they did to the world , right ? 
  who gives a shit if he was a depressed alcoholic , without churchill we very likely would n't be able to have this conversation at all . 
  the guy stood alone against the nazi regime to defend his country against impossible odds when his peers were ready to surrender , and was instrumental in freeing europe because of it . 
  show some fucking respect . 
  nationalistic policy swings both ways . 
  on one side you might have hitler , but on the other side you have people like churchill too . 
  it 's probably why the uk is the least enthusiastic about giving up their national identity for the glorious eu . 
  the world does n't need to burn , just globalist politics that created such a mess . 
  oh gee whiz , i wonder where i 've seen that before . 
  people were warned with brexit , and did n't listen . 
  people were warned again with trump , and still did n't listen . 
  and i 've been warning people a third time with le pen , and people still did n't listen saying that she 'd never close the gap , higher voter turnouts will ruin her , etc. 
  people never fucking learn . 
  yet i guarantee that there will be a thread on / r/uk with people using this as a jumping off point to plan the removal of brexit . 
  again . 
  and what do you propose the alternative is ? 
  keep limping along with the old broken system that only seems to benefit the german economy , letting people get more desperate and go for an even crazier candidate ? 
  the current status quo of western politics is no longer sustainable , and this populist shakeup to an old guard that no longer cares about the people they govern is very much long overdue . 
   britain was not duped . 
  not by the eec perhaps , but we were absolutely duped by our own politicians , particularly prime minister edward heath who knew full well that membership of a european political project would be highly unpopular . 
   `` there is no question of britain losing essential sovereignty '' . 
   `` there are some in this country who fear that in going into europe we shall in some way sacrifice independence and sovereignty . 
  these fears , i need hardly say , are completely unjustified . '', 
  more can be read on the subject [ here , ] ( http://campaignforanindependentbritain.org.uk/britain-europe-bruges-group/ ) if you 're interested . 
   it was involved in a war where millions died and was almost invaded by a fascist regime that was tearing across europe - i 'd say that the eu was quite a bit less threatening then that . 
  well yeah , that 's the point . 
   of course , if you really want to go back to that time , then well , you can be the one to go out onto the battlefield first . 
  good luck . 
   ca n't promise i 'd go to your funeral though . 
  too much effort for someone like you . 
  jesus lad , who pissed in your cornflakes this morning ? 
  and what is it with you and global war ? 
  jesus , i 'm talking about electing a party outside the establishment to breath fresh air into the system , not starting a war . 
  is this sub really so paranoid of any change to the status quo that ww3 is the only outcome you can think of ? 
  find a quote saying i support trump . 
  go on , put your money where your mouth is for once . 
   you 're a trump supporter . 
  that 's a bold claim . 
  can you find the quote where i 've ever said that i support trump , or did you just see that i like to shitpost on / r/the _ donald ? 
   fascism is soluble in capitalism . 
  nevermind , you 're just some idiot screaming ` fascist !, 
  fascist ! '', 
  towards anything they do n't like , because accepting the results of democracy is just too hard . 
  you and i remember things very differently then . 
  britain joined the eec because we thought it would help our coal and steel industry , if we knew what direction the project was really headed in instead of being lied to by our government at the time , we would have never joined . 
  britain has survived far worse than the eu in it 's life . 
  it survived and prospered before it , and it 'll survive and prosper after . 
  we wunt be druv !, 
  sometimes to build further , you must tear down the existing decrepit building , all the way down to the foundations . 
   unless you were purposely misinterpreting what i said , haha ( good ? ), 
  yes . 
  i forgot that having a sense of humour is banned on / r/ireland . 
  you 're right , but we 've got to keep those republican traitors happy . 
  you 're right that i 'm just trolling , but what kind of response did you expect ? 
  sweden has become such a complete joke of a country as far as immigration is concerned , that you telling people not to fear terrorists is fully deserving of mockery . 
   smart people . 
   [ swedes ] ( https://www.informationliberation.com/files/cu51eznw4aqbswx.jpg ) pick one . 
  that seems more like wishful thinking than anything . 
  after brexit and trump , it 'd be beyond foolish to underestimate le-pen . 
  judging from recent trends , would n't a higher than usual turnout be beneficial to le pen ? 
   do n't fear the terrorist goatfuckers [ spoken like a true swede . 
  not with the way their population will be in a few generations . 
  hope is on the horizon with madame president marine le pen at least . 
  warmongering is not something that has a natural home in either left or right wing politics though . 
  being hawkish does n't make someone a right winger , it just makes them hawkish . 
   we 've been told that diversity is strength . 
  ` strength ' meaning cheap exploitable labour , i assume . 
  til : tony blair was right wing, 
  / r/polandball is fine , though the * real * source of the polandball comics is still secret under punishment of many beatings . 
  i think he was talking about jon stewart . 
  it 's not reverse racism , it 's just racism . 
   one has to oppress the oppressors or else they will be coming for you . 
  but then that just makes * you * the oppressor , and white south africans the oppressed . 
  you 're not solving the situation , just flipping the sides around .
