  back to srs laddie . 
   this applies to muslims as well . 
  if somebody is not happy with a `` moderate preacher '' he can seek the `` harder stuff '' and such behavior is mostly protected by the state . 
  except it is n't . 
  extremist groups are banned all the time here . 
   there is also a definite better chance of promotion for males compared to females . 
  which happens purely because of the point you made above . 
  nobody would want to place more responsibility on a person who is more likely to quit the older they get in order to raise children . 
  well , she 's been in power for 10 years . 
  plenty of opportunities to get rid of her . 
  but germany are still the only ones that wanted them . 
  there were a dozen other ways merkel could have helped without encouraging migrants to come over . 
  two words , nazi guilt . 
  germany are the only ones that wanted them . 
  they can keep them , honestly . 
  the guardian newspaper is left of centre . 
  the website however is just as bad as the rest of them . 
  they even share many writers with the likes of jezebel and vox . 
  as circulation continues to plummet , this is the version of the guardian that we should be keeping an eye on . 
  both guardian and vice are pretty much ultra-left wing garbage . 
  the sad fact is that there simply is n't any single news organisation that you should trust . 
  take stories from multiple sources , and form your own damn opinions . 
  if if were made by studio trigger , i 'd watch the hell out of it . 
  i mean , they * could * be filming for iron sky 2 . 
  have i told you about our lord and saviour , nigel farage ? 
  and fuck all the guys that stayed behind in the actual refugee camps , and actually have respect for the asylum process , right ? 
  i do n't see why you think these migrants are going to be productive members of society when they 're already breaking the law by smuggling themselves into europe . 
  we should be giving jobs to refugees , not those that give money to isis so they can make a run for the border . 
  not burn down the eu , just burn down his bridges with them . 
  and if you think that david cameron , his party , his voters , and his backers are pro-eu , you are hilariously mistaken . 
  the conservatives are anti-eu through and through . 
  cameron knows exactly what he is doing , and is taking this seriously . 
  he 's putting out demands that the eu will never agree to not because he wants stronger ties with the eu , but because he wants to burn them down ready for a british exit from the union . 
  legitimately surprised that the uk was n't listed as racist . 
  you have to think though , what benefit is there of the uk staying with the eu at this point ? 
  we put far more in to the eu than we take out , and still we 're treated like pariahs for the crime of supporting national sovereignty and the right to self-govern our own country . 
  i do n't see the point of being part of a union where we get treated like shit by countries with only marginally bigger economies than ours . 
  i 'm actually quite satisfied on the british stance on the eu , send in clowns for mp 's and pretend the eu does n't exist . 
  it would n't be the first time we 've resisted against a ` europe united under germany ' . 
  that 's an interesting point . 
  i suppose in this case the immigrants were imported long before the iraq war and mostly from pakistan , who to put it lightly were never fans of the saddam regime . 
  if anything britain 's middle eastern population would have supported the iraq war , not opposed it , though i never really thought about that until now . 
  there 's literally dozens of them . 
  dozens !, 
  christianity has become far , far more watered down over the centuries by merging with wiccan and pagan faiths . 
  it 's barely recognisable as a abrahamic religion at this point , to be honest . 
  gay marriage , apparently . 
  merkel is a strange one . 
  no idea , there 's got to be hundreds like these in the city . 
  depending on what you 're referring to , it 's either a church or a courthouse . 
   i thought that the euro was very strong and your gdp was growing . 
  is any of this true ? 
  the truth is more somewhere in the middle . 
  the euro swings around like a moody teenager as it always has , and the economy across the whole continent while not growing , is n't shrinking either . 
  most websites are american , that 's a completely moot point . 
  do you also speak english on facebook ? 
  the idea that the uk was only important in the past is completely laughable . 
  brussels loves to put down the uk constantly , but now push has come to shove we 've got eu officials either begging us to stay , or threatening us with deliberate moves to wreck our economy should we leave . 
  from where i 'm standing , the eu needs us more than we need you . 
  hell , junker himself said that a successful , independent uk would be the end of the eu . 
  the uk is more like the person that got dragged to the party by a friend , who knew full well that it was n't our sort of scene but had to bring us along because it was ` too awesome to miss ' . 
   well that 's a lot of patriotic crap he says , in english . 
  if the uk is really as unimportant as the eurocrats say , then how come the default language on this sub is english , and not french , or german ? 
   lettuce , german sausage , no black pudding how dare you try and pass off that abomination as one of ours . 
  [ this is an english breakfast . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01438/fullenglish_1438972c.jpg ), 
  surely the magna carta counts ? 
  even though it was written in 1215 , it still contains many things that people take for granted now like the right to a trial by jury , right to protest on public grounds ( invoked in 2012 by occupy london protesters ) , and the independence from government interference in the city of london . 
  the only issue is that many of the laws have since been re-written into common law , which is why it 's often referred to as the ` unwritten constitution ' . 
  wait until you see the american version . 
  honestly , the complaints you have are purely with channel 4 . 
  [ they have built up a reputation over the years as the ` freakshow ' channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9al-mpqxjc ) , mocking everything from poverty , to traditional freaks , to ugly people with the audacity to have a sex life . 
  apparently , we scared them all into thinking they were n't welcome here . 
  so i guess c4 's campaign worked ? 
  headline may as well read ` junker opens mouth , makes things significantly worse . 
  still refuses to retire . ', 
  because the chinese know better to let millions of people without documentation , from the most backward parts of the world , run rampant across their cities . 
  polls are currently worthless , in regards to leaving the eu they swing from leave to stay by half a dozen points within the space of an afternoon . 
  mentioning at this point will only help convince people into leaving the eu . 
  cameron went in promising that the eu can be reformed to better suit british values , and came back with the definitive proof that the eu will never change . 
  what difference does it make when most of poland wants to move here anyway ? 
   you do realize that germany is not bordering africa , right ? 
  what 's that got to do with the german government inviting migrants to cross into europe illegally ? 
  i did n't know that merkel had to send smoke signals in order to send a message . 
  so essentially forget about people drowning in the mediterranean or die of some kind of disease while they are stuck at the new iron curtain , courtesy of ... ? 
  they drown because you 're giving them refuge here for crossing illegally , encouraging them to take the most dangerous route to europe . 
  refuse entry and take refugees from the un camps in turkey yourselves , and people wo n't use human trafficking gangs to get into europe . 
   i am also sure greece is going to be ecstatic to get stuck with all those people that land on their border . 
  then the eu should let greece send them back . 
  it 's worked perfectly in australia , and we desperately need a similar policy here . 
  here 's a novel concept , ** border security !, 
  ** stop inviting half of africa onto the continent , and let countries control who can and can not cross their borders without fear of being punished by the german government . 
  so , what you 're saying is that modern germany is over-compensating for their international stigma of being associated with the nazis ? 
  german policy lately has been to bend over backwards for other people , at the cost of what should be the top national interest . 
  giving into greece constantly with never ending handouts , allowing illegal migrants to run rampant across the continent , and now becoming a puppet state for turkey 's stupidity . 
  when top german politicians start arguing in favour of making germans a minority in their own country , you 're gon na raise some eyebrows . 
  what if germany was building the 4th reich by trying to turn everyone else in europe into nations just as spineless as they are ? 
  even here in the uk , we have football chants about blowing up rival stadiums . 
   ten men went to burn , went to burn down selhurst ,  ten men and their petrol bombs , went to burn down selhurst !, 
  just why is modern german culture so . . spineless ?
