okay then , you were n't a real country until 5 years ago . 
  technically wales is n't a real country , so you 're not really doing any harm . 
  them 's fightin words lad . 
  and you wo n't be the first person i 've had to beat to death with a copy of zenyatta mondatta . 
  why did constantinopole get the works ? 
  you must be new here . 
  clearly , charity is xenophobic . 
  it was heavily implied that he should n't trust the uk government because he 's from northern ireland . 
  what else could you have possibly meant ? 
  that there 's next to no desire for northern ireland to leave the uk for a start . 
  sodding wales has a bigger nationalist movement . 
  you do n't know much about northern ireland , do you ? 
  then to be specific :  `` i think everyone agrees we should n't restate her argument . 
  question is whether she 's going to agree to explicitly disavow it . 
  and i doubt it . '', 
  `` i 'm not saying double down or ever say it again . 
  ** i 'm just saying that she 's not going to want to say she was wrong about that , given she and her husband believe it and have repeated it many times . 
  ** better to reiterate evolution , opposition to doma when court considered it , and forward looking stance . '', 
  and did n't all that mess in ukraine happen while clinton was still secretary of state ? 
  why would you want someone in charge to control that situation when it began under their watch ? 
  [ source is here . 
  ] ( https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2631 ) and you 're right , both are horrible candidates . 
  but i 'd honestly prefer another dubya leading the us than another nixon . 
  according to the latest wikileaks dump , she never changed her mind to begin with , and is lying about her support for lgbt rights . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i 've not made any comparisons to the third reich besides it 's german leadership . 
  destroy britain ? 
  destroy continental europe ? 
  absolutely . 
  just look at what eu collectivism has done to greece , portugal , and italy already . 
  [ do n't be sure about that . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-election-iduskcn1190xg ), 
  do n't be coy , you know exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  well , it would n't be the first time we 've stood alone against a ` united europe ' led by germany . 
  call me cynical , but it 's the duty of the uk to stop history from repeating itself . 
  this story has been churned out every day in some form or another since the day of the election , like if they say it enough times it 'll become true . 
  you 're not posting anything new or clever . 
  you ca n't be suggesting that someone would lie on the internet , surely ? 
  what sort of person would do that ? 
  you can try ? 
  i doubt they 'd come back with a lawsuit however ... 
  we tried that before , and ended up with australia , and the creation of fosters and vegemite . 
  not worth risking again tbh . 
  *** mostly . 
  when the the news about starbucks came out , costa ran a marketing campaign about how they pay all their taxes properly . 
   the uk on the other hand has . . also nothing ? 
  it 's the eu 's problem too . 
  the uk is n't some random germanic micronation , it 's a major budget contributor and trade partner . 
  both unions will suffer greatly if this is n't done properly and with maturity . 
  i 'm not sure that comparison makes sense , since the bbc * is n't * public tv . 
  it 's a proper broadcaster ( probably the best ) that 's * funded * by the public . 
  honestly , it 's not that bad . 
  you get ad free content from all across the bbc , and unlike it 's german ( and similar ) broadcast tax counterpart , it 's a voluntary fee . 
  so long as you ignore the scary letters , anyway . 
  neither of you are wrong . 
  you 're right that being left wing does n't mean you have to throw out common sense , but there is a worrying large number of far-left voters , mostly middle and upper class university students , who do exactly that . 
  not so much it 's fashionable to call brits racist as it is to circlejerk about how racist we apparently are . 
  mostly due to brexit bitterness . 
  the only negative news has been in regards to currency markets , which pro-brexit folks have always argued was a bubble that was in desperate need of popping . 
  so people keep claiming . 
  however , you 're also the same people who claimed that the brexit apocalypse would be immediate as companies flee the country before they 're hit . 
  like any other doomsday prophecy , you 'll keep pushing it back every time your armageddon fails to show . 
  everything is a pet peeve for many irish people . 
  just look what happens whenever the ` british isles ' is brought up . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  it is not the duty of the british government to deal with france 's migrant camps . 
  they 're not our illegals though , they 're france 's . 
  it 's not our job to sort this shit out for them . 
  ireland 's entire economy hinges on the fact they 're a tax haven for american tech companies in europe . 
  of course they do n't want apple to pay . 
  you 're right , farage promised he 'd come back if the uk government a half arsed any part of the uk leaving the eu . 
  it 's funny that the people asking for an eu army are those who have neglected their own for decades , or never had one under the ussr . 
  yes , because we actually voted for them . 
  who voted for juncker ? 
  i 'd be careful of that glass house you 're standing in . 
  i think you 've missed the point i was making here . 
  namely , why those restrictions exist in the first place . 
  shotguns are more practical than those ridiculous ar15 rifles anyway , imo . 
  if you wear it all the time , yes . 
  walk into a bank wearing a balaclava or a halloween mask , and see what the reaction is . 
  controversial to the irish , not the uk . 
  the problem is that the uk and ireland have different definitions for the term ` britain ' . 
  the former ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ rightly considers it a geographical term for any island off the north-western coast of continental europe with ` great britain ' being called so because it 's the largest , while the former ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ wrongly thinks it 's a political term . 
  if anything , it 's fascinating how a spat dating back to the tudor age still boils blood today . 
  * nobody * deserves to suffer deep fat fried chocolate bars , let alone the uk . 
  at this point the british public , northerners especially , would do anything to fuck over the upper and middle classes . 
  just look at how many people voted for brexit just to spite londoners who rely on the eu . 
  well , he 's not the only one that made that claim . 
  [ david buik also made the claim that the falling pound would be a good thing , ] ( https://audioboom.com/boos/4791834-the-pound-falling-could-be-good-news-for-uk-jobs ) and there 's always tim farron 's famous own goal when he ` warned ' brexit would cause a collapse in housing costs . 
  the pound falling in value was always lauded as a positive benefit by the leave campaign though , claiming it would narrow the growing class gap . 
  they 're getting what they wanted . 
  there was no plan because they were totally out of touch with british opinion towards the eu , and did n't expect to actually lose the referendum . 
  as i see it , nationalism is seen as a bad thing on the continent due to aiding or failing to stop the nazi regime , and federalism is seen as an acceptable alternative . 
  this does n't translate on the other side of the channel , where nationalism is seen as the thing that beat back the reich . 
  whatever happened to scotland staying a part of the eu ? 
  methinks that the snp is all bark and no bite . 
  maybe they can repurpose them , and use the old walls to surround the studio that produces mrs brown 's boys . 
   he returned to tottenham at the age of 17 and went on to father six children , the youngest of whom was born after he died jesus christ . 
  why else do you think they imported it ? 
  the shops set the deals up , and the news crews showed up in the morning ready to catch the ` action ' .
