   not even in the slightest , it 's very common that people vote against their own economic interest out of misinformation/ignorance or simply the party they associate with lies . 
   look at how many people brought into that `` trickle down economics '' garbage . 
   or those `` leave '' supporters on social media claiming that you have to leave the eu to `` save the nhs '' , even though you have stories like this  most people simply do n't have the time or energy to keep up-to-date with politics , even if it interests them . 
  i do n't blame them , but i 'm not going to pretend like they are informed . 
  this comes across as incredibly patronising still , with a healthy whiff of classism and / r/iamverysmart style narcissism . 
  what makes your opinion more valid than everyone else in the country leaning towards leaving the eu ? 
   infrastructure ? 
  that 's generally what a lot of the development funds go too . 
   it comes down to around # 500m per year ( welsh government 's own figures ) investment that the welsh government decides what it goes into too . 
   another # 3b is ear-marked for 2014-2020 , rising it to around # 7b overall investment in wales alone . 
  again , what improvement has there been ? 
  it 's completely hypocritical to criticise the billions wasted on the northern powerhouse project , while justifying eu meddling based purely on the amount of money spent . 
   it 's not about buying loyalty , it 's more about people not realising what is in their best interests . 
  do n't you find that patronising at all ? 
  the british people do n't know what 's best for them !, 
  best let mama merkel and the eu take care of everything for them !, 
   i imagine most people in the uk do n't know where the funds come that benefits the areas and improves the economy in those areas . 
  funds for what though ? 
  the complaint is n't that they do n't know where the funds are coming from , but that there has n't been any improvement to the areas whatsoever . 
  it 's funny that you call the billions wasted on the northern powerhouse project a failure ( which it was ) , but when eu led projects turn into a similar mess , people are just being ignorant , and do n't know what 's in their ` best interests ' . 
  i think he might be seriously overestimating how popular obama still is in the uk . 
  us politics still get a ton of coverage here , especially when it comes to less flattering news like all those drone strikes he keeps authorising . 
  on the other hand the article makes a good point , money does n't buy loyalty . 
  for all the billions apparently being pumped into the county , the best example the bbc could find was a company that increased it 's number of employees from 3 to 9 . 
  why should we forfeit our independence and waste money on the eu when they ca n't make any difference either ? 
  who on earth thought that 's a good idea ? 
  i 'm sure the british public are going to be * really * receptive to an american telling everyone what to do . 
  the issue is that the law should n't exist in the first place . 
  goodness knows which ancient medieval lawbook merkel managed to find this obscure law in . 
  blood and thunder !, 
  victory at sea !, 
  you think all that copper steals itself ? 
  [ that 's not how gypsies work . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4ffg1nqkzcg ), 
  despite claims of being imperialist pigs , we give them way more political independence and space to carve a national identity than anyone else . 
  scotland and wales are very much their own countries , not some kind of english states . 
  so you 're saying that by voting to leave the eu , nothing will really change besides cameron getting the boot and the conservatives ceasing to exist ? 
  is there any reason why we should vote to stay ? 
  where do you think that the majority of reddit 's jokes come from ? 
  even polandball comics were a krautchan creation . 
   glad to see things are changing for the better . 
  that does n't sound like someone complaining , only observing that this sub as improved over the past year . 
  strong catholic values too . 
  i 'm no fan of organised religion , but i can appreciate how dedicated in particular catholics are to the whole ` do n't go around murdering and stuff ' doctrine . 
   according to the sociologists of the world none of which should ever be taken seriously . 
  sociology was co-opted by political activists years ago . 
  you ai n't wrong , that 's definitely more than my recommended daily salt intake for the day . 
  well , we still have control of the north . 
  ** northern ireland is best ireland !, 
  not really , but it gives them something to do besides snooping on your porn habits . 
  you * could * steal them off the back of a lorry if you 'd like , it certainly fits the stereotype for an average shell suit wearer . 
  you 've got it the wrong way around , we 've been wearing those things since the 70 's . 
  clearly our shell suits is what makes the uk such an attractive place for eastern european immigrants . 
  [ traditional british shell suit , as worn by cultural icon ali g. ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/ffximage/urlpicture_id_1026185107039_2002/07/12/13ent_alig.jpg ), 
  uk locking down it 's borders even more , and restricting migration so it 's more in line with the us system than the eu one . 
  uk exit from the eu is all but confirmed now . 
  nothing like multiple terrorist attacks to terrify the british public into voting out , especially the attacks on the brussels metro hitting so close to home . 
  and he still should be . 
  i agree that people on the continent have been far too soft during this whole migrant crisis , but that 's no excuse for david cameron to start making dr doom style speeches about how the government is going to treat you as guilty even when presumed innocent . 
  nah , you 've still got those id cards . 
   there seems to be a huge amount of migrants who are not working ` on the books ' and this is why the uk is such an attractive place for less desirable immigrants , despite how unwelcome they are . 
  it 's easier here than anywhere else in europe to go off the grid and get a shady cash-in-hand job somewhere . 
   we need to break the evil spiral of english cultural imperialism . 
  now : that 's what i call salty !, 
  it 's not our fault that our entertainment industry is that much better . 
  you want less english on the airwaves ? 
  step your game up . 
  shocker , the only source that supports this claim is in german . 
  not really , aside from forced updates on the home edition there 's nothing really terrible in windows 10 that has n't been hidden in the os somewhere since vista . 
  the only difference is that microsoft are now being honest with just how much telemetry data they 're collecting off users . 
  you 're also missing the most important part of earning that neckbeard :  * and make sure every last person on the planet knows it . 
  * p.s : and do n't mistake this as a defence of microsoft . 
  i just want to make this clear , * we 've been warning you about this shit since windows vista * . 
  refuse to upgrade from windows 7 to windows 10 , and make sure every last person on the planet knows it . 
  also , make sure to visit 4chan 's / g / board and follow a bunch of tutorials to ` rice ' your desktop to make it look like a piece of crap that a hacker on csi miami would use . 
  insane rise in property values that have essentially priced out anybody under the age of 50 . 
  it 's getting to the point now where properties worth about 30k in the 80 's are now worth half a million today . 
  do n't you worry , [ those new ballot papers are on their way now !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxvae2b8xfq ), 
  i would n't say it 's the reddit echo chamber , but you 're not wrong either . 
  yes , merkel is massively popular in germany . 
  but she 's also utterly hated throughout the rest of europe . 
   a much saver route thinking about it , merkel would rack up a ton of free air miles this way . 
  or you 've realised that you have no argument outside of hoping groovy feelings and goodwill might solve the migrant crisis , and now you 're backing out . 
  i know which one sounds most likely . 
  oh no , i said a bad thing about a politician . 
  the horror . 
  if you think that 's bad , you should hear what we say about david cameron and pigs . 
  then again , if you 're getting that defensive over people saying such things about your dear leader then perhaps `` f\u00fchrer '' is n't that far from the mark afterall . 
   citation needed citation needed yourself . 
  germany has absolutely no way of determining who 's who when everyone is being smuggled into europe by criminal gangs and wielding fake passports . 
  if you really cared about the refugees , you 'd be taking them from the un camps and not criminals . 
  what part of that is hard to understand ? 
   who says germanys has reached its limit ? 
  [ quite a few people , actually . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=merkel+germany+has+reached+it%27s+limit&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=bdfgvqyjech9uiawtpaj ) the only reasons germany continues to take in more is because your idea of ` migrant qoutas ' went up in flames , and because f\u00fchrer merkel wo n't admit she 's made a horrid mistake by encouraging illegal entry . 
   because unlike you we prefer to man up when our fellow humans are in need of help instead of retreating unto our island and putting up walls everywhere . 
  you just say `` fuck em all , we wo n't help '' and instead of shutting up you then proceed to insult people like me who actually give a fuck about other human beings in need of help . 
  again , britain is taking actual refugees from the un camps in turkey . 
  germany seems to be content with doing nothing , just leaving their borders open and hope some refugees get in during the flood of people , assuming the trafficking gangs do n't kill them on the way over .
