they do not seek asylum , they apply for work permits and visas . 
  but it is still an artificial influx of population . 
  the grand duchy of warsaw was a short-lived client state . 
  we still view napoleon in very positive light and honor his victories in our national anthem . 
  are you sure they have n't got the nationalities reversed or something in the article ? 
  of pepperoni . 
  people want immediate results and to choose the right allegiances rather than establish themselves as a potential powerhouse in the future . 
  they do n't want a period of uncertainty , is what i would say . 
  damn d :, 
  i feel like the nation 's allegiances is one of the biggest issues that divide the electorate , perhaps even more so than conservatism vs liberalism in politics et cetera . 
  on one hand , we really should strengthen our relationship with germany , economically , politically and militarily . 
  on the other , being a lapdog is not really something that we should be striving towards , and perhaps , as other posters have outlined in this thread , it 's wiser to broaden our dialogue with the baltic states and scandinavia . 
  this could be a really good counterweight to the ( i hesitate to say ) hegemony of western european politics . 
  our police does n't carry tasers as far as i know, 
  very striking . 
  you ca n't make out much of the audio , but you can hear the fear and tension in their voices when they see the nazi patrol with a dog , remark on it , and say they need to get out of here quickly and quietly . 
  skanderbeg though . 
  i know you do . 
  and you have valid reasons . 
  but pi\u0142sudski was one of the last people that poles can call a patriot ( disputable ) . 
  even if his patriotism meant taking your clay . 
  but poles ca n't hate pilsudski :(, 
  language change is normal . 
  redundancy is disencouraged and eliminated . 
  that is why nobody is combating newly coined terms , calques , loanwords , but there is opposition to this . 
  just no . 
  britons never will pay tax !, 
  well , i do n't agree with the leenstelsel either and i think normal studiefinanciering was much better , but you are still in no way turning universities into for-profit organisations ( having said that , bussemaker fucked up more than plasterk did , which i did not think was possible ) . 
  paying something like 200 euro monthly tuition is very much doable and not an unreasonable amount in my opinion . 
  and if you 're doing a more expensive master ( stem ) , you 're bound to make up for it after graduating . 
  alternatively , you could say you bought yourself the right to come here and study for free , har har . 
  do n't know why you are getting downvoted since you 're making a valid point . 
  my take on it is that while indeed eastern europe is getting way more out of the eu than we are bringing in , the situation is not going to be this way forever . 
  take a look at how far behind poland was in 2004 , and this year within the first quarter it was reported that for the first time we 've contributed more money towards eu than we 've received ( might have been due to some late valuations or funds being due to arrive next quarters - but this shows the gap is closing ) . 
  so with a - beyond any question - monumental investment you are contributing towards a safer buffer zone , better business infrastructure , potential business partners , a stronger currency , opportunities for long term economical growth for your country too ( not saying it 's a given , but it 's a likely possibility ) . 
  europe on equal footing could become the dominant force in the world . 
  if ukraine wishes to join , i think they should be allowed to , in due time . 
  that is , if eu can/will be allowed to tear them from the grasp of russia . 
  ukrainians can blend in perfectly with the rest of us , at least in the east . 
  they are way better suited to be members of eu than turkey , for instance . 
  [ winnie-the-pooh ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/place/kubusia+puchatka,+00-037+warszawa/@52.2357111,21.0147487,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x471eccf5788b113b:0xb04b49b3ad734b36 ) street in warsaw . 
  also in the neighbourhood , the polonized version of `` vauxhall '' , [ foksal ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/place/foksal,+warszawa/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x471eccf669a1de97:0xaf95ee635f8154cd?sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjw17wk3tplahxfurokhzqwcq4q8geijzab ) street, 
  the issue is that , while poland , especially the northeastern regions , regard lithuanian products ( especially meat ) as high quality , most lithuanians i know say that polish products are seen as lower-quality , budget stuff . 
  it 's as complicated as it gets . 
  that 's just what i take from it - i 'd wish us to be friends despite some idiotic nationalistic tendencies . 
  it 's history . 
  remember it , learn from it . 
  do n't let old grudges fester . 
  there is no reason why we ca n't be friends and equals nowadays and cooperate towards common goals , without repeating mistakes of old . 
  i sink dey shound fery funni . 
  but maybe i should tsjeck uit some more fideos on youchube while eating boerenkool met worst and een glasje jus d'orange . 
  so are the polish media . 
  i have n't seen a subtitled movie on polish tv as i live . 
  it 's all dubbed over by a lector , similarly to your tv , but by one person , not a crew of actors that are supposed to reflect the characters . 
  belarussians integrate very well and i have nothing against their immigration here . 
  however , having said that , the practice of granting work permits and citizenships in this way is a little shady at best . 
  that 's a hell of a writeup . 
  thanks for all the sources . 
  come op now . 
  the only way i can tell apart lithuanian from russian is when you say ` ka ? ', 
  or ` a\u010di\u016b ' . 
  my girlfriend and i were walking through the grand bazaar in istanbul speaking dutch to ourselves . 
  the young turk tried to chat us up in german and seemed genuinely surprised when i said ` sorry , we 're not german ' . 
  he was like ` but you 're speaking german ! ', 
  it 's good that our government has a clearly defined stance on this subject . 
  that 's probably one of the first things that i 'm satisfied with about the new ruling party . 
  i never said the word originated in slavic languages . 
  it can very well be that , or maybe its ancestor is some old german form of schinke . 
  then there was a second germanic form ofthe word ( ham ) , perhaps originating from romance languages . 
  i 'm not gon na assume which language group invented the words and which borrowed the , . 
  the point is , borrowings exist , which is something your example proves even further , that it was most likely borrowed from german . 
  and all other matters aside , i am not saying that the word originated from a slavic language , but why would your example prove otherwise ? 
  it 's far more likely that it was german , but distance is not an argument , otherwise we 'd have no words of semitic , turkic origin , while we certainly do . 
  boudewijn de groot , bl\u00d8f , doe maar , heidevolk in dutch timbuktu in swedish, 
  does ' t mean the languages can not use borrowings , loanwords , calques from different languages and groups . 
  swedish is a germanic language and the word for ham ( skinka ) is still more similar to its slavic counterparts than to other germanic language equivalents . 
  and this is just one example in the grand scheme of things . 
  it 's almost as if our languages belonged to the same language group that shared a common ancestor or something . 
  magical . 
  i agree with you that the comment could be trying compare merkel with hitler , but the word itself still exists in german language autonomously with the standard meaning of ` leader ' , e.g. 
  probably not too commonly used in the context of political leadership though . 
  horrible idea . 
  it 's a concession because of the refugee crisis . 
  too much leverage was given and now europe will be paying for it . 
  the picture looks like they are all yawning, 
  you have a really infantile view of everything . 
  going into extremes , bringing up examples of how unfair the world is . 
  you have no solid evidence to prove that `` polish economy will be gone '' . 
  your grandiose visions of poland leaving the eu would be much more likely to result in this disaster you speak of . 
  it 's not hated . 
  it used to be a symbol of everything that was wrong but i think i will speak for the most of the population if i say that we accepted it and to us it no longer bears the connotation of being the link to the communist past , but it is now just a building . 
  a reminder , if you will . 
  it does not stick out that much because it 's become an integral , recognizable part of the landscape . 
  not true about either parts of your post . 
  it was not the stance concerning the refugees that lost po the election , and democracy prevailed every election since 89 . 
  * ~ ~ a ~ ~ * day of * the * wacko, 
  consistency please ? 
  use english alliterations . 
  the highway in rospuda was necessary . 
  i 'm not for pis in any way , but i hail from that region and it 's ridiculous that this sorely needed solution came so late .
