our prime minister is a giant pussy . 
  please accept my apology . 
  landowner ? 
  `` google maps [ 3 ] -- because nobody know where is saint-quentin-fallavier . 
  honestly . '', 
  that guy is so obnoxious it 's unbelievable . 
  it 's mostly for how it happened , it was n't exactly nice . 
  no matter how awful all the things we suffered to the germans during the occupation and ww2 were should n't justify that . 
  i think it means `` go '' as in `` pashel nahui '' meaning `` go fuck yourself '' . 
  i play dota 2 , those phrases are ingrained deeply in my brain at this point . 
  it 's actually twice as expensive at the stadium as it is anywhere else . 
  speaking of stupid , deluded people in the slovak government , i just watched [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2y4q-5i5hq ) video . 
  made me kind of speechless , to be honest . 
  it 's in czech , but should be pretty easily understandable to anyone , i think . 
  do we have a lot of guns here ? 
  i never knew , actually . 
  only politburo and gulag . 
  such is life . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhotd2x2pse ), 
  that 's actually not young stalin . 
  our easter is more of a pagan tradition than a christian holiday , really . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure how all the moravians would react if you told them they live in bohemia . 
  :d i can imagine there would be plenty of cases like that . 
  same thing in cz/prague . 
  i assume many countries have almost all their tourism focused in one location , often the capital . 
  it was start of hungarian - czechslovak war . '', 
  top kek right there, 
  it 's probably wheat beer . 
  so meta, 
  i 'm surprised about the negative angela merkel score for czech republic . 
  also pleasantly surprised by our negative score for putin . 
  iran disliking the saudi king so much is strange to me , what 's up with that ? 
  i second this . 
  i have no issue with helping people who ad to run away because of a war , but the problem is the fake passports , the fact that most of the refugees are not even from syria or from areas not affected by war does n't make me happy at all . 
  the fact that they all want to go to germany and refuse to stay in poorer , but perfectly peaceful , countries makes me question their motives too , to put it lightly . 
  it 's obviously anthropoid . 
  porn , thieves and methlabs . 
  i would love to see just a generic `` a religious person '' option , i bet it would score really low here . 
  it 's noty even a national holiday in slovakia and most slovakians do n't even know that anything special happened on that day . 
  which yes , is ridiculous . 
  i can speak for czech repupublic . 
  here we have extremely long and generous maternal leave laws . 
  and while it is very good for the mothers it also makes employers somewhat hesitant about hiring women . 
  the way you worded your comment made it sound like there was more . 
  i looked at wikipedia , and it lists a good number of islamic attacks , not many of which were fatal for sure , but there still have been some . 
  and the last seems to be aaron driver in 2016 , which came after bibeau . 
  do you have sources on the alt-right murders ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  are you saying that organized terrorist murders are actually not a big deal and we should all just chill out ? 
  it 's not reality everywhere . 
  i do n't feel at risk of terrorism in prague , for example . 
  can not say the same about other big cities further west , tho . 
  it says more about the media than it does about trump . 
  spotting sarcasm on the internet is not easy . 
  better be overly obvious , or it gets misunderstood more often than not . 
  why ? 
  people can be activists for the wrong cause . 
  this guy 's an idiot , but he is an activist . 
  no idea why you 're getting downvoted . 
  the guy 's a shithead , but he 's expressing his honest political view ( no matter how retarded it is ) . 
  that 's not what trolling is . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of potato salad myself , definitely prefer it with regular potatoes . 
  the one on the right looks exactly how we make schnitzel here in czechia as well . 
  as you can see from the poll result , he 's way on pace to being the next prime minister . 
  asians in place of them ? 
  there 's an amount of vietnamese people here , but some of them have been here for years , it started during communism , in the 70s mostly . 
  and they 're still coming at a steady pace , but i do n't think there 's been a big wave recently , or anything . 
  the vietnamese often run corner shops , they sell cheap clothing , have small businesses , etc. 
  so people at large are fine with them . 
  we also have a lot of ukrainian and russian immigrants , which people are again pretty ok with . 
  and also of course slovaks , who czechs do n't even register as immigrants , really . 
  when i said against mass immigration , i should 've probably said ` against mass african and middle eastern immigration ' . 
  well , it 's mostly babi\u0161 , the oligarch leader of ano , against the world . 
  :d the debate is really centered around his person . 
  whether or not he is responsible or not for the good economic situation we have now . 
  how big of a deal is the fact that he owns businesses that take huge amounts of eu subsidies while being the finance minister . 
  if it 's ok that he owns one of the biggest media publishers in the country , etc. 
  luckily , immigration is n't really a big topic here . 
  all the relevant parties are against mass immigration . 
  i think that 's great , because it does n't really give any space to far-right nut-jobs . 
  it just seems like way oversimplifying things . 
  there are more different aspects to a political party than what they think about the eu . 
  but when you label the graph like this , it 's heavily implying that the reason people are voting ano is babi\u0161 's stance on the eu , and that is not the case . 
  it 's highly misleading . 
  it 's fine . 
  i can handle the downvotes and the replies . 
  i do n't understand the labels . 
  pro/anti eruopeanism is n't nearly the main topic of this election , i do n't see how it 's relevant at all . 
  thanks, 
  does everything have to be about politics nowadays ? 
  :( edit : okay , i get it . 
  this carnival as been about politics since forever . 
  i also got it the first 5 times someone replied to this comment . 
  i think ceska televize is very good . 
  what is there to complain about ? 
  it and cesky rozhlas are the two big mainstream media i trust the most , by a longshot . 
  the only austrian citizen that has a fan club in czechia . 
  when it comes to motifs on coins ? 
  yeah , i do n't see why not . 
  what does the text say ?
