   an old mercedes [ not just any mercedes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ycj8wightw ), 
  and in just two month you 'll occupy our beaches again . 
  munich is literally by far the most expensive city in germany . 
  yes , it would still be middle class , meanwhile it would be upper-class in my area . 
  i mean to give you a better idea : i grew up alone with my mom . 
  during my teen days she earned 800 $ after paying social security ( you do n't pay taxes on such low income ) . 
  was n't easy but we never needed anything like food stamps or stuff like that . 
  we still always had a car , laptops , phones , gaming consoles , etc. 
  i myself can easily survive a week with 20 $ when it just comes to food . 
  if there is one thing i truly do n't want it 's to be ruled by pis . 
  make swedish pomerania a thing again instead . 
   would you prefer europe be covered in coal dirt ? 
  would you prefer to pay 10x the amount on electricity from renewable sources ? 
  i already use purely electricity from renewable . 
  it 's roughly 10 % more then what i would pay for conventional electricity . 
  this is for one person , normally the partner will work too , then you also get * kindergeld * , a couple hundred bucks of money per child . 
  so realistically that family would have ~ 5.000 $ per month . 
  and now you have to remember that we do n't need to pay for private health care or anything like that . 
  also our rent is way lower . 
  i just checked chicago and austin , both starting at around 1.400 $ for three rooms . 
  san francisco started at 3.000 $ . 
  in berlin you can get three rooms for 500 $ . 
  in less cool places in east germany like chemnitz or magdeburg 300 $ is possible . 
  notably also our overall cost of living is quite low , much lower then let 's say in the uk . 
  atheism is one of the few good things we got from the soviet times . 
  i used to live near a town called gorleben . 
  this is where germany stores their radioactive waste for the moment . 
  every other year a train loaded with radioactive material passed through town coming from france . 
  france - same as all other nations - has no permanent repository for radioactive waste . 
  to me that alone seems like madness . 
  producing tons of life threatening stuff that you do n't know where to put . 
  now you will say that france soon will have a repository , most likely around 2030 , and that 's true . 
  we germans used to have a permanent repository as well , used between 1967 and 1978 . 
  everything seemed fine until 1993 when a report discovered that the whole former salt mine has to be filled because it is highly endangered by natural movements of the mountains which led to lye sinking into the repository . 
  in 2008 they then realized that this lye is radioactively contaminated now . 
  and this is only the storage . 
  i now study in a city called greifswald which used to have a nuclear power plant . 
  in 1975 a worker wanted to show a trainee how to bypass an integrated circuit . 
  he fucked up , set everything on fire and by doing so stopped 5 of the 6 cooling water pumps . 
  it was pure luck that the 6th pump was on another circuit . 
  if not for that luck it would have been more - potentially much more - on the ines then a 3 . 
  now the security measures in a modern french nuclear power plant are probably better then in the 70s in the eastern bloc but still , the factor of a failing human is always a possibility . 
  but there are not just stupid humans , there are also evil ones . 
  does it seem impossible that the same people who crashed airplanes into the world trade center and the pentagon crash one into a nuclear power plant ? 
  or let 's imagine that one day there wo n't be peace in europe anymore and some hypothetical fool in moscow , ankara or new york thinks biblis is a good place to shoot his big rocket at . 
  it might be rather clean , but is it safe ? 
  chernobyl , harrisburg , windscale , fukushima , ... we have seen the one-in-a-million case before . 
  schr\u00f6der even in his worst election in 2005 still had 34 % - more then what schulz has in the polls now . 
  the same election was the one when m\u00fcntefering was chairman . 
  beck is a horrible human being , worse then fat siggi . 
  also you forgot platzeck . 
  with him the party was in the polls between 28 % and 34 % , so roughly the same as the godchancellor . 
  had to google it , but knew the golden rule . 
  i do n't know what that has to do with my comment . 
  i would n't want to store radioactive waste inside me either . 
   and wants to strip france of nuclear power do you purposely try to get me on board of the m\u00e9lenchon train ? 
   well and when they do n't pay them because they are rich enough to pay lawyer to find any loophole to evade taxation or just move to another country close loopholes and introduce an expatriation tax . 
  seriously i do n't want some kind of marxist-leninist taxation . 
  if germany would go back to the level we had under the great communist leader helmut kohl ( 56 % maximum ) i would be fine with that . 
  that still would be lower then sweden and belgium nowadays . 
  let 's take germany 's taxes for example . 
  in 2010 everybody with an income of more than 3.009 $ after taxes and social security belonged to the top 10 % . 
  my example has 2.715 $ after taxes which is upper middle class . 
  my example is a 40 year old married person with two children who is n't a member of the church and lives in hamburg . 
  this person right now pays 385 $ in taxes per month . 
  now let 's be completely astronomical and say taxes - on the middle class - would be increased by 25 % . 
  absolutely ridiculous and no party would do that but it 's an example . 
  in such a case this person would pay 96 $ more per month then before which means he has 2.619 $ per month left . 
  does n't sound like poverty huh ? 
  and if it finances better schools for my children , a better security network with more police forces and better streets and bridges that does n't sound like a bad deal to me . 
  you only have to understand taxes then you wo n't fear them . 
  oh and it needs capable politicians to use the tax money but that 's another topic . 
  will i ever be part of the upper 10 % ? 
   then you 'd have to adopt our spendings , and our taxes , which is the highest in the world . 
  i am a piss poor student . 
  high taxes are something only the upper 10 % have to worry about realistically . 
   what he wants is insane , for example every country should increase its social spendings and fiscal policy to converge with the country with the highest spendings . 
  so making the eu not only a monetary and economical union but also a social union ? 
  that 's kinda what i wish for . 
  also to quote myself :  m\u00e9lenchon would be president , not emperor . 
  he still needs parliamentary majorities for a lot of his proposals and i do n't see them anywhere on the horizon . 
  huh . 
  i thought m\u00e9lenchons ceiling would be at 17-18 % . 
  i guess his debate performances had quite the impact . 
  i mean i absolutely support macron out of the four relevant candidates ( lol ps ) but i do n't think m\u00e9lenchon would be worse then the pathological liar and criminal fillon . 
  female hitler is of course not worth mentioning . 
  the times after the election will be quite interesting . 
  you have two very successful movements lead by macron and m\u00e9lenchon . 
  you have a ps that is simply imploding with top stars like valls already backing other candidates . 
  you have the liberal wing of lr that tried to stop fillon but failed . 
  and panzergirl will get attacked by power hungry people in her party as well if she does n't win . 
  m\u00e9lenchon would be president , not emperor . 
  he still needs parliamentary majorities for a lot of his proposals and i do n't see them anywhere on the horizon . 
  i 'd say the gabriel effect was enormous . 
  the spd now is back where they used to be . 
  [ i 'd suck those titties . 
  ] ( http://wendy.blogsport.de/images/angelamerkel.jpg ), 
  this is barely above her average . 
  americans kinda ignore that this woman did n't won 3 elections by luck but because she is damn famous .
