  memes aside : politically i 'd favor hamon but macron has the best chances of winning from the center-left candidates . 
  i mean hamon is quite high in the polls now as well but look at fillon 's poll numbers after his primary win . 
  the hype was over quite fast and i think the same will happen when it comes to hamon . 
   the thing with le pen is that pretty much everyone who could possibly vote for her will have done it in the first turn . 
  right , it reminds me of austria . 
  hofer had 1,5 million votes in the first turn but only went up to 2,1 million in the second turn while van der bellen who only received a million votes in the first turn collected all the votes of the other parties and went up to 2,5 million votes . 
  that 's not the point of this map . 
  it is about foreign born people . 
  germany is an easy example : the largest groups of immigrants is from turkey but the large majority of them lives in germany since two or three generations so most german-turks are born in germany , not in turkey . 
  polish on the other hand came in droves since poland became an eu member so most of the polish are actually born in poland . 
  pretty misleading title to be honest . 
  one third of that money is for example not for refugees in germany but for like humanitarian aid in war-torn regions . 
  just 1,7 billion were social benefits for refugees and to be fair most of the money goes straight back to the german state since this money does n't go no where but people use it to consume stuff , in other cases new buildings were built or old ones refurbished which we can use long after the refugee crisis is over . 
  also it 's not like it hit us in any way . 
  we still had a budget surplus of 6,2 billion last year . 
  so yeah , a lot of things could have been done better but it 's not the end of the world . 
  the netherlands have beaten us this time i guess . 
  i am surprised that serbia is comparably low though . 
  they always seem quite militaristic to me . 
   ( would have a majority , but there is n't much precedent for this and fdp and the greens would n't be that happy about each other ) that 's nothing that ca n't be overcome . 
  the much bigger problem i see in this coalition are csu and greens . 
  i know it 's mostly rhetoric but the csu presents themselves as a afd-light at the moment which runs against anything the green base and the left wing of the greens stands for . 
   but really it ca n't get much more boring than 2013 . 
  2013 was not that bad . 
  nobody knew if fdp and afd make it over the 5 % threshold and we had three realistic options as the outcome ( r2g , gorko , black-green ) . 
  2009 on the other hand was decided before it even started . 
  there were 4 spd chairmen in between schr\u00f6der and gabriel ( m\u00fcntefering , platzeck , beck and steinmeier ) . 
  basically what the afd has in [ latest polls ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/emnid.htm ) so yeah around 12 % are retarded . 
  yeah sorry for breaking the hitler-stalin pact comrade . 
  just saying , there was a poll by i think it was infratest dimap about which partners can be trusted shortly before the us election . 
  the us had a solid 59 % approval ( just 2 % less then the uk ) . 
  so it is not that much modern day usa that we have a problem with but trump day usa . 
  exactly . 
  the race is still close . 
  the left parties are at 41 % at the moment according to emnid . 
  let 's say the fdp - currently at 6 % - does n't reenter the parliament then 45 % should be enough for a majority . 
  there were three candidates in the race , if i had to make a statement about their chances it would look like that : * sigmar gabriel 80 % * martin schulz 15 % * olaf scholz 5 %, 
   and is n't it missing asia and the rest of the world ? 
  how about south america ? 
  6,1 % for `` differently '' probably . 
  they are a really new pollster but for the berlin election which was their first one they were one of the best . 
  not that i 'd support it but getting closer to russia means getting closer to a lot more countries . 
  iran , the stans , belarus , armenia and to some extent even china . 
  lewandowski 's twitter is pretty basic while poldi is a s-class shitposter . 
  polls for the 2nd round by ipsos : * fillon 62 % - le pen 38 % * macron 64 % - le pen 36 % * macron 54 % - fillon 46 % in every scenario the lesser evil wins . 
  the recent immigration wave has boosted the process a little but that 's just a minor factor . 
  rostock is overall a city with a really low number of immigrants and of those the three largest groups are from russia , vietnam and ukraine . 
  it 's three kinds of german people mostly : young folks that come to study and eventually stay , old folks ( often from berlin or bavaria ) who wan na spent their last decades on the coast and the normal urbanization where mecklenburgers move into the nearest city . 
  this is a really specific question - and an unexpected one . 
  i do n't know much about albertsdorf itself but neighboring villages like bentwisch , roggentin , k\u00f6sterbeck and pastow are almost exploding . 
  a lot of industry is settling in these places just outside of the city itself because the taxes are a lot lower . 
   its nice to see that some parts of eastern germany are growing . 
  person from [ rostock ] ( http://wikimapia.org/#lang=de&amp;lat=54.132674&amp;lon=12.163239&amp;z=10&amp;m=b&amp;show=/2001716/de/rostock ) here . 
  our population is growing so rapidly that we plan to built a whole new district for 13.000 people . 
  that is the first time since the reunification that we 've planned such a project . 
  it is save to assume that we will surpass l\u00fcbeck as the 2nd biggest city on the german baltic sea coast in the next 20 years . 
  it is almost a miracle after the city hit rock bottom in the mid 90s most notably with the [ lichtenhagen riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) . 
  the city of greifswald is also growing just as fast , both greifswald and rostock benefit a lot from students from all across the country thanks to the decent and affordable universities . 
  meanwhile stralsund and schwerin do see some slow growth again as well while neubrandenburg at least stopped shrinking year for year . 
  by the way if we look at other parts then mecklenburg-vorpommern as far as i know leipzig is one of the fastest growing major cities in germany besides frankfurt and munich . 
  really that was only a minor problem to me . 
  to me this whole thing had a vibe to it reminding me of a weird mixture between north korea and some dystopian hunger games shit . 
  it was all so fake . 
  the smiles , the prayers , the speeches , everything . 
   make slovakia white again . 
  i guess not a hard job in a country that has less then half as many muslims as the city of krefeld . 
  for example the porajmos memorial is just on the other side of the brandenburg gate , right next to the soviet war memorial . 
  do n't worry , we have memorials for every group that you wan na offend . 
  he is dangerous . 
  petry and meuthen go with the right-wing flow because it 's en vogue and gives you lots of votes but h\u00f6cke is a straight up fascist . 
  the influence of him and people like gauland and von storch is still limited but if they take over it could get ugly . 
   valls is way ahead unfortunately . 
  netto marken-discount master race !, 
   veneto is not serious business . 
  when 53 % of the population support something it is serious : http://www.sondaitalia.com/2012/01/sondaggio-se-oggi-in-veneto-si-votasse.html, 
  of the 7 districts of bavaria just 3 are bavarian . 
  3 are franconian and 1 is swabian . 
   jup , always makes me smile when i see this brought up alongside serious separatists movements . 
  oh that 's so true . 
  when you look at this topic you see kurdistan , catalonia , corsica , srpska , abkhazia , veneto , transnitria , ... all really serious business and then there is bavaria . 
   merkel 's no longer such an unanimous choice . 
  the only possible coalition were she would n't be chancellor is a red-red-green one and that is basically impossible since die linke is running with communist wagenknecht and spd most likely with neo-liberal gabriel . 
  that you do n't even know that shows that you have no fucking clue about german politics and neither about the society for that matter . 
  the latest forsa poll has merkel 's cdu at 38 % by the way which would be merkels second best result ever . 
  adjustments for this problem are already in the making . 
  easier deportation , status of morocco , algeria and tunisia as save states , etc. 
  the spd now even supports so called `` abschiebehaft '' ( = `` deportation detention '' ) for people the intelligence agencies view as possible dangers for the society . 
  a 62 year old women that won three consecutive elections and still has high favorability ratings . 
  she basically has even the next election in the bag already . 
  it would be irrational to not work through all these applications . 
  just when they get processed you can deny asylum to a person . 
  even if you are from the far right this is good news . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  freedom of movement is a human right , not just one for citizens . 
  because in fact everyone can apply for asylum no matter where they come from . 
  look at snowden , he is from the us . 
  not really a country that a lot of people flee from . 
  yet under normal circumstances a guy like him has a valid reason to get asylum . 
  we can make the process faster though by declaring countries as so called `` save states '' but the vote for north africa ( namely tunisia , algeria and morocco ) was postponed in the summer . 
  they have median numbers of 5-7 % since early 2015 which is almost two years .
