  nazi germany attacked other nations , the kosovo war was an inner serbian war . 
  by the same standards you want nato troops in syria , yemen , libya and a lot of other places ? 
  i can only support the nato as a defensive partnership not an interventionist war machine . 
  did someone say anschluss ? 
  this happens for years over and over again . 
  used to be much worse when the fdp was still in the government but the spd is n't much better at this point . 
  good to see another option then lepen and fillion popping up . 
  they would both be horrible for all i heard about them so far . 
  / r/the _ schulz will make europe great again !, 
  have a look at what kind of people trump puts into the highest offices and listen to some news about how the brexit negotiations are going . 
  hint : the left is absolutely right . 
  but the donald told me that stockholm is basically like raqqa at this point ? 
   `` brexit , le pen , hofer , afd , pegida , wilders etc '' no social turmoil !, 
  nothing to see here folks , mutti will take care of all !, 
  what has brexit , lepen , hofer or wilders to do with the social balance of germany ? 
  wilders had 15 % in the netherlands years before the syrian civil war even broke out . 
  the afd is nothing special either looking at former successful far-right parties like dvu , republikaner , schill-partei or npd . 
  this shit comes and goes . 
   get out of here with that nonsense !, 
  north africans and other muslims have a near monopoly on crime in the netherlands . 
  * oh no , they are steeling the jobs of russians , romanians , albanians and serbians ...  i think 70 % or something of inmates here are foreigners . 
  dude , your prisons are so empty that nrw rents them for their criminals . 
   yes i understand that head-in-sand is still the more socially accepted and persuasive viewpoint in germany yeah , because nothing was changed at all , right ? 
  god , that 's so fucking ignorant . 
  and you talk about head in the sand ? 
   but it does n't work that way outside your borders . 
  it does n't has to . 
  as long as it works in germany i 'm down with it . 
  you act like germany is on the brink of collapse which is simply bullshit . 
  the muslim population grew from 5 % to 5,5 % , the whole crisis consumed up to 3,5 % of our state budget , the crime rates show no significant rise . 
  we are doing good and that 's a fact not a feeling . 
   cute how you cut out the second part and emphasis of that sentence . 
  because that is pure bullshit . 
   but i 'm not going to pretend that accepting these refugees will be anything other than an economic drain typical murican answer to be honest . 
  it is always about economics and your own well being . 
  just helping people without benefiting from it is horrible i guess . 
  neighboring leipzig is doing much better . 
  so is jena , so is rostock , so is greifswald , so is potsdam and many other eastern cities . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  the largest private employer of dresden is a man named waleed al mokarrab al muhairi . 
  you think protesting against such guys will make dresden `` great again '' . . ? 
  first : they hate nationalism as a concept as a whole , always good to start with yourself . 
  second : they are stupid . 
  i would describe myself as far left as well but these guys are unbearable . 
  third : they live in the past . 
  they still act like germany would be the same as in the 1930s and the us and the uk are the saviors and liberators of the people . 
  she is/was a femen activist and did this with another activist ( mercedes reichenstein ) . 
  slogans like `` bomber harris do it again '' are quite popular among the so called `` anti-germans '' , a hardline group among germany 's radical left . 
  a weird bunch with a strange love for the us and israel . 
  their counter part would be the antiimperialists who like-minded love russia and palestine . 
  [ anne helm , mp in the state parliament of berlin ] ( http://www.berliner-kurier.de/image/2180956/max/1920/1080/b9210150d61462a36e982d5ddac47a66/bz/k08-17-71-65411523-jpg.jpg ) ( nsfw ), 
  dresden is known to be one of the most if not the most far-right leaning city in germany . 
  pegida really is the best example . 
  in other mayor cities like cologne , frankfurt and leipzig the anti-pegida protesters always outnumbered the alt-rights by like 10 times , in dresden the alt-right always had the upper hand . 
  i mean my home city of rostock is known as quite the far-right shithole since rostock-lichtenhagen but even here they did n't had more then 500 supporters while we were over 2.000 protesting against them . 
  another ranking were dresden is the german city that sucks the most . 
  yet dresdeners will keep on telling you that they do n't want that their city becomes like berlin , cologne or frankfurt . 
  more then 200.000 viewers in the release week which put it on top of the charts in that week . 
  overall half a million viewers which is solid for an independent movie . 
  comparable to for example `` the purge 2 '' , `` pacific rim '' , `` ant-man '' and `` project-x '' . 
   i highly doubt the cdu and spd will be able to make a big coallition again what makes you believe that ? 
  there is not a single poll in the last 2 years that shows the cdu with less then 30 % and the spd with less then 19 % and i 'd say even those were heavy outliers , in most cases they still have 55 to 60 % combined . 
  and now let 's say that it happens and both together do n't get more than 47 % of the popular vote ( 5 % sonstige ) , that would put the spd at something like 20 % which would never be enough to get a red-red-green majority . 
  and the only other case were merkel does n't win is a spd-green-fdp coalition which is even more unlikely . 
   what 's his agenda ? 
  making europe great again !, 
  yes . 
  70 % of the votes are already counted , it 's basically impossible for hofer to win at this point . 
  i 'm concerned about that as well . 
  we still do n't even have a real immigration law which is terrible . 
  we do n't have enough teachers anyway and now we need even more to teach german . 
  the situation in several immigration departments is despicable ( lageso in berlin is the most famous one ) and the massive immigration has swung parts of the society out of balance which led to a rise in hate crimes . 
  being concerned about immigration can mean more than shouting `` they steal our jobs ! '', 
  social inequality is the biggest concern for fellow germans ? 
  i think i feel a little bit proud right now . 
  that 's unusual . 
  that 's turkey for you . 
  8,5 % inflation per year in the last 10 years , rising unemployment , tourism is collapsing , rising pkk activities , internationally more and more isolated but hey , erdogan is building a new bosporus bridge and a huge airport in istanbul so everything is fine i guess . 
  yeah . 
  a country that did n't existed did n't housed polish refugees . 
  what a surprise . 
  syria was not an independent country until after the 2nd world war . 
  but persia hosted a lot of polish refugees and their successor iran is the closest ally of syria . 
   in general , they tend to stay in the first safe country they got to , i believe , and so are actually in need of help . 
  yep . 
  jordan , iraq , egypt , lebanon and turkey host many many more syrians than all of europe combined which is often forgotten . 
  also the fact that the majority of refugees in europe are young men is simply because they are the ones most likely to make it . 
  sending a granny over the mediterranean and then onto the balkan route is quite unlikely . 
  the netherlands are our second largest import and forth largest export partner . 
  norway is 31st in terms of export and 16th in terms of import . 
  that 's why . 
  no , the problem is that we have everything at every time . 
  the sunday roast ( or in german sonntagsbraten ) has it 's name because it was something special for sundays only . 
  now we eat meat basically every day for every meal . 
  i remember when the german greens proposed a weekly `` veggie day '' in cafeterias . 
  they got lynched by the press how they could dare to take away peoples meat . 
  it is hella expensive everywhere tbh , at least for junk food . 
  if i want to get really full i need like 10 $ at mcdonalds while a d\u00f6ner for 3 $ will do the same and is much healthier . 
  well the thing is in france starvation wages of 4 or 5 $ per hour would n't be tolerated . 
  i think that 's laughable .
