  the simple reason : there is no space for more . 
  so since space is so little in frankfurt people move into surrounding cities . 
  the following are basically reachable without ever leaving urban areas : * wiesbaden ( 270.000 ) * offenbach ( 120.000 ) * darmstadt ( 150.000 ) * hanau ( 90.000 ) * r\u00fcsselsheim ( 60.000 ) * rodgau ( 50.000 ) * bad homburg ( 50.000 ) * oberursel ( 40.000 ) and a whole lot of towns with 10.000-30 .000 people in between . 
  if you put that all together into one city frankfurt would have 2,5 million inhabitants . 
  stuttgart , marseille , turin , valencia and some other places would have more then a million that way as well . 
  one of the rare cases were this was done here in germany is berlin . 
  berlin used to have 2 million inhabitants until 1920 when they formed `` gro\u00df-berlin '' with the surrounding towns and cities . 
  the populations jumped up to 3,8 million basically over night because of this . 
  to visualize it : [ the yellow marked area is what berlin used to be , the full thing is berlin now ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/die_erweiterung_berlins_durch_das_gro%c3%9f-berlin-gesetz_von_1920_%28karte%29.png ) . 
  so i can totally see why mecklenburg-vorpommern is germanic and slavic since `` mikilinborg '' is germanic and `` po morje '' is slavic but how can a state like brandenburg with only one name can originate from two languages ? 
  in all of germany , france , italy and spain combined there are 8 cities today with more than a million inhabitants - that is still something special and not the norm . 
  when we are talking about the population in 1000 ad it is like talking about the population of australia . 
  of course most is crazy empty , but there are places like the coast of new south wales ( sydney , newcastle , wollongong , canberra , etc. ), 
  which are quite populated . 
  so your statement that it would be crazy empty * everywhere * is not true . 
   not really , everywhere was crazy empty compared to now . 
  nope . 
  in 1000 ad there were two cities with around a million inhabitants : baghdad and kaifeng . 
  some say c\u00f3rdoba and constantinople had a million as well but most estimate around half a million . 
  palermo had 350.000 inhabitants . 
  central and northern europe simply lacked a little behind the chinese , arabs and italians to name a few . 
  paris had only 20.000 inhabitants in 1000 ad and already 300.000 in 1.300 ad . 
  i counted 464 buildings . 
  vikings were known to have quite big families so let 's assume on average there were 7 people per household and now let 's assume that two thirds are buildings people lived in . 
  that would put the population at 2165 people . 
  in reality it is assumed that 4000-5000 people lived in dublin in 1000 ad . 
  it 's the fdp we are talking about here . 
  i did n't found a more fitting description for them then what volker pispers called them once : mehrheitsbeschaffer-nuttenpartei . 
  when the fdp can get power they will go for it . 
   not to piss on your bonfire , but schulz holds exactly the same positions as gabriel . 
  you just implied that gabriel has a political position which implies that gabriel has a spine . 
  he does n't , he never had . 
   there is absolutely no substantial reason to trust him . 
  besides that he did a good job as mayor and mep for decades ? 
  he did n't came out of nowhere , you know ? 
  and no , he is absolutely nothing like trump . 
  if you want to compare him to an american populist he would be much much closer to bernie sanders . 
  sch\u00e4uble compared schulz to trump literally because he does n't understand what a meme is or how it works . 
  and of course he makes no 100 % clear statements yet because we are not in the us . 
  we will vote first and foremost for a party and that party is currently writing the agenda for the election . 
  as long as it is not released he ca n't make exact statements because it would either make him a liar or forces the party to write the program based on what schulz said in some interview . 
  besides : everybody knows the general direction of the spd and that never was a problem to anyone who is not on the political right . 
  completely depends . 
  grand coalition ? 
  being bigger then the cdu is enough . 
  red-red-green ? 
  i do n't think they will do it if they do n't have a combined 25 seat majority to limit the risk of the far-left people in the linkspartei to crash the coalition . 
  red-green-yellow ? 
  if they have more then cdu , linke and afd i think they would go for it . 
  realistically the spd needs 33 % to 35 % to win the election if nothing crazy happens . 
  the thing is some people say it 's just the hype but i honestly do n't think so . 
  the spd now reaches it 's normal level again . 
  between 1960 and 2005 the worst spd result was 33,5 % . 
  during the schr\u00f6der era it was normal that the three parties on the left had more then 50 % combined . 
  now they are at 46 % to 49 % depending on who you ask . 
  this potential on the left was never gone though and that is what we see now . 
  not to mention that gabriel was a dumpster fire . 
  i despised gabriel with a passion , i 'm a socialist and i would have picked merkel over him any day , that 's different with schulz . 
  all the memes aside what i saw so far of him was a pleasure and uncommonly for an spd politician : i trust that guy . 
  wroclaw ( breslau ) is one of the cities that were german until after the 2nd world war and then it was handed to poland . 
  there was a three month long siege in wroclaw so probably most got destroyed and was rebuilt after the war . 
  yes a lot of the people coming here do n't understand that difference . 
  `` i 'm piss poor and want to work in germany . '', 
  is nothing that makes you a refugee yet hundreds of thousands applied for asylum because of that very reason . 
  that 's the problem at hand . 
  that 's really something that annoys me about die linke . 
  only 7 % of the germans say that their own economical situation is bad , we have the lowest unemployment since the reunification , a 6 billion budget surplus , ... we live in arguably the best large country on the planet . 
  stop acting like germany is a post-apocalyptic wasteland where everyone starves to death . 
  your job is it to make good things even better and correct the little flaws we have , not to save us from an illusional armageddon . 
  electing the spd is more like electing to potami then electing syriza . 
  you overdid it a little . 
  i do . 
  most afd-assholes would call me a `` bahnhofsklatscher '' yet i acknowledge that people from the western balkan and the maghreb have no business here , at least not as refugees . 
  as schulz himself said it in his first speech after his nomination quoting his friend olaf scholz : i 'm a liberal but not an idiot . 
  lets be realistic here : was the spd 's agenda ever a large problem ? 
  in every poll germans name social justice as their most important point to decide who to vote for and in every poll a large majority says the spd has the highest competences to bring social justice . 
  what made people oppose them is that they did n't followed the ideas that they presented in their agendas . 
  also the spd 's problem always was that their candidates were as charismatic as a cactus . 
  i mean [ last election 54 % said ] ( https://wahl.tagesschau.de/wahlen/2013-09-22-bt-de/charts/inc-umfrage-aktuellethemen-gallery/chart_2529303.png ) that the nomination of steinbr\u00fcck did more harm then good for the spd . 
  schulz is the clear opposite . 
   however , merkel to me is one of a kind and , despite all her failures , has proven the calm and calculated reactions i value highly during crisis . 
  merkel yes , but we vote for parties . 
  electing merkel means also electing seehofer and many other very questionable people that show no interest in uniting the eu and create more problems then they ever would be able to fix . 
  i love that croatia had six years of recession in a row and now that they are on board they grow again . 
   racial supremacy is disgusting , wherever it comes from . 
   i solemnly agree , that 's why you disgust me that much . 
  recently used subs : / r/the _ donald , / r/kotakuinaction , / r/uncensorednews , etc. 
  i loved your statement where you put black lives matters on the same level as the kkk . 
   i would even go so far as to say that gabriel becoming foreign minister in germany is already bad new for them . 
  gabriel has nothing to do with all of that . 
  he will not hold this office after the election . 
  either it 's a cdu-led grand coalition then it 's gon na be schulz , a spd-led grand coalition then it 's gon na be a cdu person ( von der leyen ? ), 
  or it 's gon na be a red-red-green coalition then most likely \u00d6zdemir or bartsch will be foreign minister . 
  it simply does n't happen in germany that one party holds the chancellorship and the foreign ministry . 
  the last time this occurred was in 1966 . 
  the one and only . 
  do n't worry , there were plenty . 
  for example semiya \u015eim\u015fek demirtas , daughter of one of the victims of the nsu nazi-terrorists . 
  and yes i know that you just tried to be edgy . 
  you act like i claim it back .
