  nope , they are sent via turkey . 
   i think there are some valid arguments to `` support '' assad , they are weak , but they exist . 
  i think that misses the point though . 
  at this point i hope that assad wins the war as well because a stable dictatorship is better then an unstable caliphate were different groups battle for the next decades over influence and power , but is assad the best possible leader for syria ? 
  hell , no . 
  i just tried that with over 50.000 ... 
  started easy , 14 places in denmark , 9 places in austria , 21 in finnland , 3 in estonia , 19 in bulgaria . 
  it was all fun and games , learned of some new places , all cool . 
  then i went towards my home germany and the north and east was totally fine . 
  5 here in mecklenburg-vorpommern , 6 in schleswig-holstein and so on . 
  then i went to nordrhein-westfalen and it mentally broke me . 
  i counted 70 . 
  even just marking the cities with more then 100.000 left only a red blob all over the place . 
  i mean driving from moers to unna you pass nothing but city . 
  problem is not one city but 12 cities . 
  it makes me feel so small . 
  i mean i live in [ greifswald ] ( http://wikimapia.org/#lang=en&amp;lat=54.079937&amp;lon=13.420486&amp;z=13&amp;m=b&amp;show=/3891114/greifswald ) since a couple of years and i like it and soon the city will be the biggest in all of vorpommern with around 60.000 people but apparently there are 20 larger places in nrw i have never even heard of . 
  i mean what the fuck is troisdorf ? 
  or meerbusch ? 
  is n't that like a painter ? 
  no , apparently it 's a city almost as large as my state capital . 
  meerbusch is so unknown that google chrome marks the word as wrong because obviously not even google has heard of it . 
  ugh , i need to sleep ... 
  so as a long standing / r/syriancivilwar user i can decisively say that this map is crap . 
  so let 's start with the ras al-ayn subdistrict between the turkish border and the manbij/qamishlo highway . 
  it has three towns on the turkish border which should be ras al-ayn , ceylanp\u0131nar ( on the turkish side ) and tal halaf , so far so good . 
  and that 's it . 
  now let 's look at the reality , shall we ? 
  my data is based on the 2004 census , some more places could have crossed the mark of 1000 inhabitants due to the rising population until the civil war and the large influx of idps into this rather peaceful area in the last years but lets ignore that . 
  for good will in fact i 'm ignoring all below 2.000 inhabitants . 
  settlements besides ras al-ayn and tal halaf with more then 2.000 inhabitants in the ras al-ayn subdistrict : * al-manajir 12,156 * mabrouka 6,325 * qattinah 4,736 * abu rasin 4,390 * tell safah 3,578 * umirt 3,182 * masjid 2,944 * eastern tal sinan 2,272 * muthanna 2,183 * jan tamur sharqi 2,176 and that still was a nice area i picked when i see that on the whole euphrates between the turkish border and the eastern provincial border of raqqa are only 9 settlements marked . 
  i know of more then 9 just along the first 30 kilometers to the qarah qawzaq bridge . 
  i 've heard him speak before . 
  normally he is straight forward , a little bit arrogant and aggressive . 
  in that interview he was like a beat dog . 
   is there a reason you do n't separate your opinions of the government and the people ? 
  because there is no difference !, 
  you elected them !, 
  and do n't come up with the story that not all like trump . 
  no , they instead voted for a mass murderer called hillary who maybe was better then trump but still is horrible . 
  or the folks that voted for a guy to stoned to understand what aleppo is . 
  and before that you two times elected a guy who killed numerous civilians in drone strikes , armed terrorists in syria , disrupted libya and spied on the whole planet , but hey , he was fun and charismatic at correspondents ' dinners . 
  or before that when you elected a guy who invaded the iraq and killed half a million people and then left a void and weapons behind for isis to grow on . 
  you said both sides of the us think that the opposite is horrible ? 
  yes , they 're right , because both sides are horrible !, 
  you mean the same who recently attacked the syrian kurds ' sister organisation in sinjar ? 
  you need to replace the barzani clan first otherwise you 'll get another kurdish civil war . 
  honestly if erdogan continues this way for let 's say 5 more years the western powers will be annoyed enough to not only install a small kurdish zone in northern syria but go all the way and give them freaking diyarbakir . 
  if saddam and gadaffi have proven one thing it 's that they can do whatever they want in their region . 
  you can torture your people , gas the kurds , invade kuwait - no one gives a shit . 
  but dare to piss off the west and you 're a goner . 
  well guys , it 's decided basically . 
  time to compare it with my [ predictions ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zdblx/dutch_general_election_2017_megathread/dexwjkf/ ) : * vvd 27 ( +6 ) * pvv 21 ( -1 ) * cda 21 ( -2 ) * gl 19 ( -5 ) * d66 17 ( +2 ) * sp 15 ( -1 ) * pdva 9 (  * cu 5 (  * 50plus 5 ( -1 ) * sgp 3 (  * pvdd 3 ( +2 ) * denk 2 (  * fvd 2 (  * pp 1 ( -1 ) i and almost everyone underestimated the vvd and overestimated the gl . 
  besides that i did n't did to bad for the fact that i follow dutch politics for like a week . 
  have fun with your center-right government ( vvd/cda/d66 / cu ) , i hope next time around the left gets a little stronger again , nevertheless a good result for europe . 
  22.000 people in the middle of no-where . 
  just a strange place , that happens . 
  depends on apeldoorn and the remaining municipalities between amsterdam and rotterdam . 
  if gl does n't show up there they will lose one seat which would go towards pvv . 
  pvdd could potentially also still lose one seat . 
  looking at your flair you should n't forget the northern irish election . 
  even though their was no far-right to stop for some reason the turnout nevertheless was very good . 
  yes , unfortunately . 
  it is not good at all . 
  the goal was to be strongest party and until a month ago he was on the way of reaching that and now he will get as many seats as the cda . 
  this is a horrible result for him . 
  two weeks ago or so i wrote that i would be very happy with the result if the pvv gets less then 25 seats , now they got less then 20 . 
  and that is with an anti-vvd working class searching for a new home after the pvda imploded and only days after violent islamists went crazy in rotterdam . 
  this was meant to be his strongest election yet but he got five seats less then in 2010 instead . 
  his interview was just perfect . 
  in every move , in the tone of his voice you could feel how pissed he was yet he had to smile and say that 19 seats is not so bad . 
  god , i ca n't wait to see frau kepetry and bernd h\u00f6cke like that in september . 
  so far pvv has won only 16 of 252 counted gemeenten . 
  a week ago is modest . 
  a month ago they were at 35 seats in a poll by peil . 
  back in december they were seen even higher . 
  you missed it , huh ? 
  there were large turkish pro-erdogan protests in rotterdam that went violent a few days ago after the dutch government stopped turkish ministers from entering the country to campaign for their referendum to make erdogan f\u00fchrer . 
  also it 's historically a strong city for wilders , last time he had 13,3 % in rotterdam . 
  new voters ? 
  that is still the 2nd worst result they ever had . 
  they simply got some votes from vvd and pdva back . 
  pvv has won schiedam on the outskirts of rotterdam . 
  the city could go either way ( pvv , vvd , gl or d66 ) though my money is on vvd . 
  edit : vvd won with 0,3 % ahead of pvv . 
  i 'm so damn annoyed by that lie !, 
  ( or call it alternative fact if you want ) the polls predicted a 3 point win in the popular vote for clinton and she won by 2 points . 
  they were spot on for a country with 230 million potential voters !, 
  at best some forecasters failed but the biggest one fivethirtyeight still gave trump a 30 % chance which he took . 
  a day ago : the polls are fake an hour ago : the exit polls are fake now : the votes are fake . 
  yo mamma so fat she went to the mediterranean once and people walked over her to europe . 
  well let 's ignore things like forbidding all unions or you know throwing socialists into labour camps or directly into the gas . 
  let 's forget that that hitler was sponsored by huge companies like krupp , oetker , ig farben , etc. 
  and let * 's not talk about the fact that his economical miracle was only a side effect of his war preparations . 
  you should read the wages of destruction by adam tooze . 
  missed to mention this , it 's in the order how likely i think they are . 
  cda will only happen if buma is really keen on becoming pm . 
  unlikely , but not nearly impossible like the coalitions that would make klaver pm . 
  you are right , i always had a hard time following fantasy stories . 
  do n't remember that i ever talked to you before .
