  wow . 
  what is your problem man ? 
  i only answered a question and made clear that the violent expulsion with hundreds of thousands of cases of rape and murder against innocent civilians is something still very much alive in german memories which is why we view the eastern territories more critical . 
  also i did n't mentioned the time before because it was some duchy without a real bigger owner , just influences from poland and brandenburg . 
  so where to start ? 
  catalonia ? 
  basque country ? 
  oh and of course freedom for occitania !, 
  there is plenty to dispute about france besides alsace . 
   if anything is more of an czech or austrian-hungarian than german . 
  interesting thesis when you look at the fact that in 1900 97 % of the population of breslau were germans . 
  the first germans settled in breslau around the year 1200 . 
  but let 's check if you are correct . 
  bohemia : 1335-1526 austria : 1526-1741 prussia : 1742-1945 and believe it or not : austria is a german state . 
  without the habsburg/hohenzollern rivalry austria would be a german state just like bavaria or saxony today . 
  other then that i really do n't care who owned which part for how long , it is about the people who lived there and for like at least 500 years until the end of the second world war the majority of them were germans . 
   germany did the same that 's why i talked about revenge crime . 
  ... of die linke . 
  yes . 
  the german president gets elected by the `` bundesversammlung '' ( federal assembly ) which is formed of the members of the bundestag and an equal share of representatives from the state parliaments . 
  it is a tradition that for the later the parties nominee celebrities . 
  l\u00f6w was nominated by the green party . 
  by the way now that i see your flair : four years ago otto rehhagel was nominated by the cdu . 
  in all honesty i 'd say the eastern border topic is much more serious . 
  [ here is a map of languages in central europe in 1890 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ceqrzew.jpg ) . 
  losing east prussia and posen-west prussia would have been totally okay , even making the eastern areas a state like austria would have been fine but taking german core territory like stettin , breslau or landsberg was nothing but a revenge crime that led to at least half a million dead german civilians . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't wan na make germany the victim in all of this but it has a reason that it took until 1970 that germany acknowledged the eastern border and even then there were big protests against it . 
  a lot of german families have ancestors who remember the expulsion from their homes oh to well and it was anything but a pleasant experience . 
  compared to that france , belgium and italy were much more generous with their german communities so it 's easier to make some light-hearted fun about it . 
  and nothing has changed , right ? 
  [ share of renewable energies in germany . 
  ] ( https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/2142/umfrage/erneuerbare-energien-anteil-am-stromverbrauch/ ) for 2015 we were at 32,6 % . 
   migration ? 
  i 'd say urbanisation . 
  the three previous large migration waves to germany ( expellees after ww2 , guest workers in 60s and 70s , refugees from the balkan wars ) had n't much of an influence after all . 
  the alternative would be renewables , not to replace bad with another kind of bad . 
  interesting how munich used to be a little smaller then prague and since 2000 is going crazy : 680.704 in 1925 ( -38 k ) 831.937 in 1950 ( -100 k ) 1.106.298 in 1961 ( -24 k ) 1,182,800 in 1980 ( -0 k ) 1.229.052 in 1991 ( +15 k ) 1.210.223 in 2000 ( +6 k ) 1.259.677 in 2005 ( +80 k ) 1 450 381 in 2015 ( +183 k ), 
  note how most of the stations are near borders so when something goes wrong less of your own territory gets radiated . 
  i will never understand reddit 's cirlejerk about nuclear power . 
  i mean there literally just was an explosion in a french power station a few days ago . 
  you can minimize the dangers but you can never fully erase them and they are just to damn high . 
  let alone that we have no idea how to store used nuclear material . 
   wait what ? 
  do you actually get your pensions earlier now ? 
  in the netherlands it was actually extended from 65 to 67 years . 
  we have that as well but now when you paid for 45 years into the pension system you can start at 63 . 
  those 45 years includes work , training , sickness and times you received [ unemployment benefit i ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unemployment_benefits#unemployment_benefit_i ) . 
  besides the free market stuff there is not much that unites fdp and gop . 
  the fdp is heavily opposing any kind of public surveillance , they are pro choice , for a liberal drug policy , gay marriage , etc. 
  they are more comparable with the us ' libertarian party just less weird . 
  and the much i like to bash the fdp they would never support someone like trump . 
  other then ryan and romney guys like lindner and kubicki have a spine . 
  fake news !, 
  no but seriously this are different circumstances . 
  this poll was a solid 4 months earlier in the race then we are today . 
  the cdu lead was still 6 % , now it 's only 3 % for forsa . 
  the cdu and csu were much more united . 
  not to mention the obvious hits they took thanks to the refugee crisis . 
  there really was zero `` wechselstimmung '' ( mood for change ) in the population before the last election . 
  that is different now . 
  i mean it is really a whole different mentality . 
  before the 2013 election everything that went okay was thanks to the cdu and for every failure the fdp got all the blame . 
  now it 's different . 
  the spd are the people that brought us the minimum wage , higher baf\u00f6g , reduced rent increases , longer support for single parents , dual citizenship for kids born in germany , pensions starting at age 63 . 
  the paris agreement ? 
  goodjob mrs. hendricks !, 
  the iran deal ? 
  well done mr. steinmeier !, 
  sure there were some half-baked reforms as well like the female quota and the reform regarding disabled people but that 's not the end of the world . 
  on the other hand merkel gets most of the blame for the refugee crisis . 
  shortcomings in digital infrastructure ? 
  dobrinth . 
  austerity politics ? 
  lack of inner security ? 
  shitty equipped bundeswehr ? 
  the only spd minister who received equally as much hatred was gabriel mostly because of his support for ttip and he stepped aside . 
  also steinbr\u00fcck was the hillary-kind of candidate : the more you know about them , the less you like them . 
  his paid speeches to banks and insurance companies were what broke his neck . 
  nevertheless just for the record in fact he achieved a theoretical r2g majority eventhough that was more because of the failure of fdp and afd . 
  there are people who like them a lot but there are simply not enough bankers , hedge fund managers , hotel owners , insurance company ceos and lawyers out there to give them the absolute majority . 
  you clearly forgot / r/schland /, 
  i remember that i watched the whole first day of the afd party congress in june 2015 . 
  lucke who himself is quite far right was booed of the stage because he spoke out for the constitutional rights and the religious freedom of german muslims and against being a `` pegida-party '' . 
  in the coming hours candidates were elected depending on how far right they were . 
  the extremer the better . 
  now those people that were elected there less then two years ago are attacked by their fellow afd-members for not being far-right enough . 
  it 's crazy . 
   yes 8000 is a lot more than 100 , but 8000 is still not `` the people of m\u00fcnster '' . 
  in 1989 40.000 people in the city of rostock protested against the east german regime in a city of 250.000 people back then . 
  by your standards the majority of rostock actually supported the gdr since they did n't showed up at the protests , right ? 
  what a joke . 
  i 'd argue that being asian is something completely different . 
  there is little to nothing that connects the japanese with the lebanese or the people of brunei with those of kyrgyzstan . 
  europe is much less diverse though . 
  we share historic and cultural bonds with each other , like 80 % speak either germanic , slavic or romance languages . 
  every german that makes a dna test will see that he has ancestors coming from sweden , italy , spain , britain and everything in between . 
  and that only has accelerated lately . 
  most swiss will know someone from each france , italy , portugal , germany , serbia and albania . 
  in the last few decades the eu has done their part as well , borders between most european countries exist only on maps and in some heads , we share a currency , combine our diplomatic weight , elect shared representatives , etc. 
  while i totally agree that nationalities are much more important to most then a pan-european identity would be i 'd still say that we are much much closer to each other then asia is .
