  the video just shows how retarded and almost racist this bullshit is . 
  why we should pay is a whole nother story . 
  once upon a time there was a european country that fucked up a lot harder . 
  in 1953 some nations decided to allow them a total restart . 
  this country was germany . 
  one of the countries that gave us this opportunity was a small nation on the mediterranean sea . 
  you might have heard of it : it 's called greece . 
  oh and another point is of course that we simply paid our own banks that fucked up by investing into a country that could n't pay the money back . 
  last but not least it will be the cheapest for us at this point . 
  a grexit will cost at least 80 billion euro for us and arguably a lot more because even spain has to pay for more than 20 billion afaik so that could lead to a domino effect that completely destroys the euro-zone . 
  and there the real shit starts for us . 
  we are an export nation , if we get our own currency it will be so strong that no one abroad can afford german goods and the european countries will be weakened heavily , but they are our biggest customers . 
  greece for example is one of the biggest buyers of german weapons . 
  that is by the way the main reason why the military budget of greece was n't touched by the troika for so long ... 
  usually just wut against the bild ... 
  no , i think you have your explanation since quite a while ... a lot of is-fighters from germany are by the way normal germans , not immigrants . 
  most likely those with bad education , who feel lost in our society , so that they are easy to manipulate . 
  basically isis is steeling neo-nazis their contenders . 
  this happens in syria and iraq everyday but the people who flee from it are treated like catttle in europe ... 
  i do n't know about the danish tests but in germany an often used task is to read a big political newspaper article and then talk about in your own ( german ) words . 
  i like my fellow germans but if you would do this test with every german i would be surprised if 6 out of 10 would make it ... 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  that 's something i never really understood . 
  back when he was chancellor he often even lacked of support from his own party spd , but in the last decade everytime he spoke on a party congress he would receive half an hour of standing ovations . 
   i think we must live in another universe . 
  do n't give me false hope . 
  see , that 's what i am talking about . 
  her blood is on your hands as well . 
  by the way religious freedom is part of all that things too - who violates european values ( by the way albania , bosnia and parts of turkey are european too ) and the german constitution ? 
  he said he did it because of the immigration policy of merkel which is what the parties i named are hating against by warning of evil , evil muslims who take over europe . 
  he said he did it because of the immigration policy of merkel which is what the parties i named are hating against by warning of evil , evil muslims who take over europe . 
  yeah but that 's the thing we `` stupid leftards '' have warned of for years . 
  it 's no that the csu or even the afd are violent organisations , but with their constant anti-islam propaganda they create a social climate where people who are n't mentally stable or the far-right idiots think they are doing something good for the germans by committing crimes like that . 
  but i have fled from / r/europe 2 month ago . 
  luckily / r/de gave my asylum . 
  pretty much what happens right now . 
  you have some fights here and there in overcrowded asylum seekers homes but terrorist attacks ? 
  they come from the far-right and they come every 2 days right now . 
  i feel like it 's even a higher amount than in the 90s but they did n't killed someone yet unlike back than . 
   trump is clever he is a lot of things . 
  clever is non of the attributes that i would give him . 
  yep , it 's insane what some / r/european scum has done to this once really nice subreddit . 
  now it 's 80 % hate against muslims . 
  either that or an irresponsible idiot . 
  his argument was literally that the growth does n't get distributed while no one gets higher distributions than you . 
  that makes his criticism invalid and flippant . 
  just to elaborate : calling a man who bragged about groping women a sexist ; calling a man who wanted to ban muslims from entering the country an islamophobic ; calling a man who called mexican immigrants criminals and rapists a racist ; etc. 
  is wrong ? 
  and calling people who cheer for such a men the same things is wrong ? 
  it 's not my fault if they ca n't handle the truth . 
  the gop might tries to make `` feels over facts '' a thing but i wo n't join in to this bullshit . 
  stop the straw man argument , it 's to cheap for me . 
  why is it bad to call them what they are ? 
  poland is literally getting the most eu money of any member state . 
  seriously those predictions are utter bullshit . 
  i lately found a study from 2000 that predicted the inhabitants of cities and counties in my state of mecklenburg-vorpommern for 2015 and basically in all cases they expected our decrease to be much more rapidly . 
  neubrandenburg for example was supposed to have around 50.000 inhabitants by now . 
  in reality it 's more than 65.000 and actually slowly growing again . 
  and that was a simulation for only 15 years . 
  doing it for a 90 years period of time is just untrustworthy bullshit . 
  learn some arabic and get in line . 
  fuck , i wanted to be on the putin side , he seems like the more reasonable men . 
  so anyone got an idea how trump and putin will split europe ? 
  so al-bukamal ? 
  that 's literally isis safe space, 
  there are like 50 islamic countries and driving is only prohibited in ksa so that 's not really representative . 
  i remember when ksa wanted to ban playing chess because it was called un-islamic . 
  the game comes originally from iran . 
  not only that but religious people outside their usual areas are often far more conservative . 
  for example while jews in israel and the us are quite balanced between liberal and orthodox jews , the jews in germany only have like a hand full of liberal communities . 
  the biggest liberal jewish community in germany comes from hanover with roughly 700 members out of 6.200 jews in the city . 
  same for christians . 
  most iraqi or iranian christians are much more conservative and will visit the church a lot more often than your average central european christian . 
  no , we have to send them to the punishment-planet of aldebaran . 
   `` we do n't recognize the federal government '' it 's more than not recognizing the government , it 's denying the existence of our state . 
  i do n't know when he said it but it was posted by german state news tagesschau after his death in august this year : http://i.imgur.com/gfqrk3i.jpg, 
   kind a hard since most characteristic parts for a european city got destroyed by the other states of europe in a huge european conflict that was a theater of a world war . 
  well , same can be said for a lot of german cities but berlin and dresden certainly look a lot more european nevertheless . 
  not saying that warsaw is n't a nice city though . 
  `` it ca n't be the job of a politician to simply pick up the public opinion and do whats popular . 
  the job of a politician is to do the right thing and make it popular . '', 
  - former german president walter scheel, 
  germany : * max mannheimer , one of the most famous survivors of auschwitz , passed away at the age of 96 . 
  * gerwald claus-brunner who was a member of the parliament of berlin for the pirateparty killed a men and then himself * the spd delegates back party leader gabriel in his support for ceta * die linke mp dietmar dehm is about to lose his immunity because he transported a refugee across the border * cdu mp kudla received a shitstorm after using the nazi-term `` umvolkung '' on twitter . 
  * csu mp scheuer received a shitstorm because he said the worst thing would be a football playing altar server from senegal because `` you will never get rid of him again . '', 
  i just took a look on the most sold albums in germany ever . 
  conquest of paradise is ahead of nirvana 's `` nevermind '' , pink floyd 's `` the dark side of the moon '' and just a little behind michael jackson 's `` thriller '' . 
  it 's mad . 
  i do n't like to point it out but modern talking sold 120 million records ... 
  same the other way around , i just took a look at the most common polish surnames and in my high school alone i had kowalczyk , zieli\u0144ski , d\u0105browski , koz\u0142owski , krawczyk , grabowski , michalski and kr\u00f3l ( mostly written a little different ) and they were all `` german '' . 
  even of them most drink at least alcohol-free beer even though i 'd call that blasphemy . 
  german living on the polish border here . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  gasoline alone is like one third cheaper in poland , cigarettes are like half the price . 
  it happens every now and then . 
  there is a right wing potential in germany as in every other country . 
  from time to time a right wing party rises and get 's their votes ( dvu , republicans , npd , schill-partei , . . ) and these parties enter some parliaments . 
  after a couple years the parties slowly die and the right wing voters turn back into not-voters . 
  it was n't a problem in the 60s and 70s when the cdu/csu was further right-wing but since they turned to the center for coalitions with the fdp an empty space right of the cdu has built . 
  the greens are a mixture of a lot of things because of the different wings they have .
