  that should be marked nsfw for fellow / r/the _ schulz users . 
  such a sexy , large bridge is highly arousing to us . 
  oh look , a / r/the _ donald user . 
  i wo n't go down to your level , it 's not beneficial to talk with any member of this retarded cesspool . 
  go home and do n't come back until the annoying orange made your country great again . 
  the biggest lgbtq rights protest in the history of eastern europe was not in belgrade , moscow or warszawa but in istanbul in the wake of the gezi park movement where literally millions of young turks and kurds protested for free speech , democracy and free media despite violence from the authorities . 
  unlike the polish government most islamic scholars are okay with abortion in certain cases while the christian kongo and hindu india have much bigger problems with violence against women then lebanon or egypt . 
  meanwhile in the world economics forum 's gender gap report muslim-majority kazakhstan is ahead of france while hungary , greece , czechia and malta all sit behind bangladesh . 
  in tunesia 338 people got themselves killed in massprotests that ended with the establishment of a democracy in which three of the four largest parties are secular . 
  you ca n't put 1,6 billion people into the same basket and declare all of them a danger to us . 
  would you want to be discriminated because of your origin or your ( non - ) religion ? 
  now read the categorical imperative , a true european value and understand how wrong you are . 
  we did the mistake before to attack a religious group as a whole , telling lies about them until the hate was big enough to slaughter them like cattle . 
  i am not stupid , i know that certain people from the islamic world pose a danger to us and those have to be fought but for everyone else another european standard should be applied : in dubio pro reo . 
  [ the picture literally says spon/civey in the bottom right . 
   on the other hand , der spiegel ( dunno about spiegel online & their visitors ) is a liberal-left publication wrong . 
  everyone can participate in civey polls and they release the raw data as well . 
  guess who is the strongest party in that : the afd with 23,1 % . 
  the fdp is even ahead of linke and gr\u00fcne with 11,1 % . 
  so much about liberal-left readers and visitors . 
  there was absolutely nothing wrong with the idea of a veggie day . 
  if you wan na split up poland just call us . 
  it 's annoying anyway that everytime i go to shopping in stettin everyone speaks this weird language . 
  what liberal values are left to defend when you ban people who 's only fault it is to be born in the wrong part of the world ? 
  do n't stop the cirlcejerk !, 
  islam is an evil ideology that is gon na kill us all , they are all the same , all evil terrorists , no differences between bosniens , saudi-arabians , lebanese , iranians , malaysians or somalis !!!, 
  you tell me you are a lebanese christian or an iranian jew ? 
  you 're a liar , you are obviously a terrorist in disguise !!!, 
  chirac got 82 % for that back in the days . 
  considering that valls passes the test to be a french socialist i 'd say bernie is fine since he is a little left of valls . 
  burn that non-believer !, 
   i 'm all for supporting that effort , but if people want to move to eu , go via regular immigration channels . 
  like applying for asylum which they do ? 
  schulz is one thing . 
  tell them about hofreiter and kipping in the new government . 
  glorious . 
  the tax revenue right now is fantastic and thanks to the ecb 's policies we could get money almost for free , it 's the perfect time to make investments to get ready for the next decades . 
  instead merkel , gabriel and especially sch\u00e4uble are hoarding that money like smaug protects his gold . 
  besides gabriel and merkel are pretty spineless . 
  they flip-flop all the time on certain issues . 
  but back to policies , just to mention the most pressing issues : we would need big investments into infrastructure , especially digital infrastructure right now . 
  we would need more child-friendly policies to improve our birth rate . 
  more kindergartens , more and better trained teachers , etc. 
  also a lot of people right now fear to sink into poverty when they get old . 
  it would be time for a proper pension reform . 
  when german pensioners have to collect bottles from trashcans then something is wrong . 
  grand coalitions in germany always stand for stagnation , they are never something that should rule the country for a longer period of time but now they did for 8 of the last 12 years , it 's really time to change that . 
  the thing is that they were back at 38 % again already until the schulz-train started . 
  that criticism was more towards stupid ideas like declaring afghanistan as a safe country of origin when last year 11.418 civilians were killed there in a never ending war . 
  at least r\u00f6hrich knows about the danger the russians pose to us !, 
  surprise : actual germans know that germany is not becoming a caliphate anytime soon and that refugees are only a secondary issue right now . 
  the influence of refugees on my life has been close to zero besides some voluntary work i did two years ago . 
  and even if you feel like the numbers should be reduced , limited or whatever it is quite obvious for any sane person that the afd has no answers themselves . 
  they are in a couple of state parliaments for a while now and their results are non-existent . 
  if she would become french president i 'd support if we `` not invade '' alsace . 
  got to defend the german speaking minority from evil french nationalists . 
  for the record : `` deutschland \u00fcber alles '' originally is not meant in a supremacist way . 
  germany used to be scattered into dozens of small countries so hoffmann von fallersleben intended to say that a united germany is more important then all the small states like saxony , baden , mecklenburg and all the others . 
  it was basically a statement against `` kleinstaaterei '' . 
  he already started smashing the war drums for attacking iran . 
  i would n't get my hopes up high for a warless precidency . 
  and i am pretty sure at some point he will invade ecuador because he got into a 3am tweef with rafael correa and he has to show that he has big hands and a huge army . 
   what is remarkable is how one person and the political agenda he 's pushing can radically change the opinions of an entire nation . 
  well he did n't got to power in a coup d'etat but was elected by millions and millions of americans . 
  no one likes the iranian regime but it exists and i know that a lot of the young urban folks in iran like it as little as i do but for people like trump or erdogan ? 
  they were elected by such people . 
  imagine their results if just white people voted in the us and turks voted in turkey . 
  that 's why i have trust issues with white americans right now . 
  everyone that is not from the upper east coast , chicago , vermont or the west coast i automatically assume could be one of the idiots that brought the world trump . 
  this was post-brexit . 
  before they were around 75 % iirc . 
  quick , dirty and anything but perfect [ but it should give you an idea ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dc24r0g.png ) . 
  the same neoliberals schulz attacked in his talk with anne will ? 
  i mean dietmar could totally pass as a social democrat as well . 
  just sahra and frau kepetry are weirdos . 
  [ this are the results of the last german election ] ( http://imgur.com/a/0sk3p ) . 
  look at the order and you will know why afd is sixth . 
  this is satire , right ? 
  or is this guy really serious ? 
  if it 's the later i pity this guy . 
  the afd you described was the afd when it was founded 4 years ago . 
  since then it moved further and further to the far-right . 
  by now they are somewhere between trump and le pen . 
  so only conservative in the way that they miss the 1930s a little to much . 
  fdp is normally seen as the party of the rich . 
  doctors , lawyers , hotel owners , bankers , managers , ... those are the basis of their voters . 
  huge tax cuts , deregulation , etc. 
  to be fair they also support lgbtq-rights , drug legalization and fight against mass surveillance . 
  bild only publishes them , the pollster is insa who works closely with yougov . 
  bild has no influence on that stuff . 
  the typical afd voter knows as much about the positions of schulz as they know about the positions of the afd . 
  that 's usually not much . 
   embodiment of eu regents with no clue what people actually want . 
  which just shows how little these people know about schulz . 
  he is part of the people . 
  i mean he dropped out of school , tried to become a football player , got injured , became an alcohol addict , got sober , opened a book store , became mayor of a small town called w\u00fcrselen , made his way into the eu parliament and worked his way up to where he is now . 
  not the biography of someone who does n't know the problems of the ordinary people . 
  by the way when it comes to the eu he always tried to empower the eu parliament as it is the only democratically legitimated eu institution so not really the regent type . 
  after the year of trump/may a year with schulz/macron would be quite nice . 
  i guess they could make europe great again since they have no brakes .
