  state elections and federal elections are not the same . 
  people tend to vote less for the ruling party in state elections as long as i can remember . 
  also more people actually show up to vote which gives more centrist results which benefits the cdu . 
  then there is the fact that you chose two east german states which vote completely different from the rest of the country especially when it comes to the political extremes ( linke and afd ) . 
  last but not least candidates play a big role after all . 
  besides annegret kramp-karrenbauer i really have to think a lot to remember a half decent cdu state candidate with some charisma . 
  while people here in mecklenburg-vorpommern are n't to happy with the spd - despite us catching up with the rest of the country especially in terms of education and unemployment - sellering simply was the obvious better candidate then cdu 's caffier . 
  meanwhile people still really like merkel . 
  in terms of approval ratings she is almost always on the third spot ( behind steinmeier and sch\u00e4uble ) , this month with a net-approval of +15 % meanwhile spd 's gabriel sits at -9 % which is already unusually high for him . 
  they lost the protest votes already at the last election of the bundestag where they received 8,6 % of the votes and they have 9-10 % basically ever since that . 
  ( + a hand full of 8 % and 11 % polls ), 
   most of iraq is perfectly safe and has been for years especially northern iraq . 
  that 's all nice and all but at this point around every 5th person in kurdistan is a refugee - in case for germany that would be 20 million refugees - they are pretty much at their limits already . 
  even more so now that hundreds of thousands flee from the battle of mosul . 
  not even mentioning that they have a big crisis going on because of the low oil prices . 
  that 's actually surprisingly high . 
  the highest numbers for the cdu in a forsa poll since almost a year ( 13th january ) . 
  just in september they were on their lowest low since mid 2012 . 
  germans really gave surprisingly little fucks about the attack . 
  those who always shoot against immigrants had a new , cool reason but everyone else ? 
  calm as fuck . 
  the shift seems to be from spd to cdu and from cdu to afd while linke , gr\u00fcne and fdp are really stable for years now . 
  insa has always rediculously low figures for the cdu . 
  they are literally the only pollster that saw the cdu below 30 % in the last 2 years ( in october 29,5 % ) . 
  czechia and hungary : immigration and refugees . 
  austria : just for the lolz . 
  it is something we do as a people and as a country that is the legal successor of the german empire , not every individual itself . 
  i mean no german under the age of 70 had anything to do with the holocaust yet a lot see the security of today 's jewish community in germany and defending israel 's right to exist as some kind of national responsibility without feeling responsible for the crime itself . 
  it 's about damn time . 
  the `` argument '' that everyone is dead already is bullshit . 
  the genocide against the herero and nama was until 1908 . 
  when the federal republic of germany was founded 41 years later plenty of victims and perpetrators were still around but we just ignored it - ignored it until the last couple of years . 
  we ignored it long enough until everyone was dead . 
  that 's not something that should let us as the legal successor of the german empire forget about reparations . 
  it actually is a disgrace that we waited so long before doing it . 
  and let 's be real here , it wo n't hurt germany at all but it let 's us overcome a long lasting conflict with another nation . 
  that alone makes it worth it . 
   everyone who participated in that `` conflict '' on either side is long dead . 
  same could be said about the genocide against the armenians yet - rightfully so - most germans and a clear majority of the bundestag have recognized it as a genocide . 
  progress can only be achieved if you try things out . 
  a lot of technologies that were ridiculously expensive at some point are now affordable and the idea is pretty sweet . 
  if exactly that is the next big thing ? 
  i doubt it , but maybe in the future we can use the knowledge that now gets gathered to make it practical and affordable . 
  if i remember the video correctly the plan is to heat them with the electricity they produce . 
  so i 'd say a wet glass surface has more grip then an iced road . 
  also i 'm pretty sure that some kind of synthetic material could do the trick as well and have even more grip . 
  u mad bruh ? 
  the biggest groups of immigrants around here are the ones that came during the failed socialist state ( vietnamese , ukrainians , russians , etc. ), 
   we oppose the silly idea of `` quotas '' and holding refugees prisoners in our country . 
  but doing the same in turkey is fine i guess . 
  not in my backyard and everything is fine . 
  lol . 
  talking about ideology and blindness . 
   we oppose the way the crisis is being hadled , as we believe its a wrong way , simple as that . 
  your way of `` handling '' the crisis is to not let it reach us . 
   rasism or other contempt for others is sadly a big hidden feature of the `` tolerant left '' nowadays ... 
  criticizing a country does n't make me racist . 
  i live in greifswald , i 'm in szczecin like every second week and have no problems with the polish in personal . 
  poland get 's euromoneys from the tax money of like 20 million muslims in the eu but when your country is asked to help out a couple of muslims ( and i 'm not talking about sweden or germany level here ) all i here is nope we are monocultural . 
  and still no one wants to come , in contrast hundreds of thousands of economical migrants leave poland . 
  should tell you something about how good your monocultural poland works . 
  finally bild.de will get banned . 
  jokes aside i think it is really hard to differ between actual planned fakenews that wants to spread disinformation and stuff that is outside the box or does n't fit the world view of who ever decides whether its fakenews or not . 
  also it gives the crazy guys ( pi-news , rt deutsch , soon breitbart , etc. ), 
  even more chance to victimize themselves . 
  just write complete bullshit as usual , it will get banned and they can scream `` muuuh prezfriedom !, 
  they are censoring us because we are telling the truth !!! '', 
   sure , but then that 's always been the case , and i 've been using the internet for pretty much my whole life . 
  look at who votes for the afd : middle aged men . 
  not the old folks that barely use the internet and not the young ones that grow up using it . 
  it 's the guys that use it since a couple of years and never really learned how to do it . 
  it is on the internet so it must be true . 
  this guy in a badly edited youtube-video said something that gives a simple solution for my problems , he must be right . 
  and if you kinda have some conspiracies in your mind you will find plenty of supporters online that believe in the same crap and strengthen you in your believes . 
  you seem to need one : \u00f6, 
  memes aside : if schulz is the spd candidate i would agree and would hope for a r2g-coalition in which the spd drags the hardliners among greens and especially lefts a little more towards the center while the other way around the smaller parties pull the spd back to their center-left origins . 
  if gabriel is the spd candidate i could n't stand it . 
  that men as chancellor ? 
  no thanks , i 'd prefer to endure four more years of merkel then to have this hippo in charge . 
  at least we all know that merkel does basically nothing while gabriel would do plenty of bad things . 
  latvia has a green president and so has austria now . 
  the greens are in 11 german state governments the cdu is in only 6 yet we do great . 
  i myself have a green mayor for a year now and he is much better then the conservatives before him . 
  i do n't know what 's so crazy about things people like \u00d6zdemir , habeck , g\u00f6ring-eckardt or kretschmann say . 
  sure , hofreiter is a weirdo and a horrible speaker but not a bad guy either . 
  the time of roth , k\u00fcnast and trittin is mostly over anyway . 
  wikipedia : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/italiener_in_deutschland#cite_note-3, 
   however , a lot of people speak italian in malta , albania and monaco . 
  i 'm quite sure that there are more italian speakers in germany then in malta . 
  that is for the fact that there are more italian citizens in germany ( 600.000 ) then people life in malta overall ( 450.000 ) . 
  funfact : in stuttgart almost every forth person has italian ancestors . 
  no but realistically speaking : how does it influence my life ? 
  if the guy in the truck would n't have been an islamist asshole but a regular drunk asshole the result would have been the same but after two days no one would care anymore . 
  so do i benefit from it if i do n't leave the house anymore and spent my live with fearing terrorism ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  tomorrow hertha plays against darmstadt . 
  50.000 people on a small area and a dangerous armed psychopath on the run . 
  i do n't feel like laughing so far . 
  til : bremen was part of the us-zone . 
  huh .
