  if they for example would ask the members on an extra tax for the rich ( reichensteuer ) you would probably get a 50/50 result . 
  they are unified in terms of protecting nature and a liberal society ( lgbtq rights , drug policies , antifascism , etc. ), 
  but that 's about it . 
  in terms of economics , foreign policy , etc. 
  you will find lots of different ideas in the party . 
  and it varies from state to state , that 's why a green-cdu government is no problem in baden-w\u00fcrtemberg but neither is one with the left in th\u00fcringen . 
  a city with 220.000 people . 
  edgy ... 
  explain yourself . 
  edit : a lot of downvotes but still no explanation . 
  as expected ... 
  yes . 
  populism at its best . 
  i have never seen a burqa in real life in my entire life but all of a sudden it 's a matter of life and death and has to be handled by top politicians . 
  what ? 
  a couple years ago conservative politicians were enraged when women wore to little , now they are pissed when women wear to much . 
  it 's still shit for our standards . 
  in the all-time summer olympic games medal table germany has more gold medals ( 412 ) than france and italy combined ( 400 ) . 
  this olympics we are barely ahead of them and that uk won twice as much gold as we have is horrible . 
  i mean we have less medals overall than australia this olympics . 
  we got no medal at all in all swimming competitions combined and historically we are the 3rd strongest nation in the swimming section . 
  basically nothing for the gymnasts , fencers , judokas , runners , etc. . . 
   what will the union jack look like once ni and scotland leave ? 
  [ i kinda liked this one . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ggwiflo.png )  how quickly can one pick up german ? 
  english is fine in the cities , especially in west germany . 
  vocabulary is easily done in a few months , grammar often needs years to be flawless though . 
   what 's the german labor market like ? 
  depends on the sector . 
  if you are an engineer just sign a contract on the spot , we have a real lack of them . 
  doctors are needed in the countryside but not so much in the cities . 
  things like carpenter , butcher , baker , painter , etc are also pretty easy to get if you have studied it . 
  jobs in it , finances and economy are harder to find . 
   are my old european friends going to treat me like an immigrant ? 
  why should they ? 
  have croatians lately magically became or brothers by joining the eu ? 
   will we still be friends with the continent , or has this just gone too far ? 
  we are very well aware that not all voted to leave . 
   will we get over competitive with the eu , and see popularity nationalists spill over into something worse ? 
  do n't act like you could compete with the eu even if you tried . 
  natonalists will get stronger but i guess mainly scottish and irish ones . 
   are we going to set up a mechanism so we can still discuss european politics from the outside ? 
  probably not . 
  the main difference between switzerland and eu-members for example is that they do n't get bothered with stuff like bailouts but for that they do n't have influence on our decisions . 
  we will finally know if boris johnson can do it on a cold rainy night in stoke . 
  it 's not our cup of tea that you fail to defend your borders . 
  you are not a schengen member , you can let in or not let in who ever you want . 
  the eu membership had 0 influence on that . 
  and who shall be able to control immigration if not you guys living on islands . 
   merkel is one of the main reasons i 've become so practically opposed to federalisation , while i formerly was pro-federalisation . 
  that 's one bad reason . 
  first of all she wo n't rule forever , 5 more years at max . 
  furthermore if you would know the alternatives you would n't worry about merkel anymore . 
  our bavarian boris johnson seehofer ? 
  fat siggi ? 
  wheelchair goebbels sch\u00e4uble ? 
  as a leftist i 'm certainly not a merkel fan but the other options are much worse . 
   unless single market access is secured stat , london 's status as a major financial centre is dead . 
  i heard cocaine and hookers becoming rare in frankfurt already . 
  which is pretty normal . 
  it 's always easier to get people to vote for change instead of keeping the status quo . 
  merkel get 's blamed for bad weather at this point . 
  the english have fucked that one up all by themselves . 
  that is not the point . 
  is taz lying ? 
  that 's the question and no , normally they are not . 
  high quality comment . 
  taz is a socialist newspaper like faz is a capitalistic one - what 's the big deal ? 
  just because it 's not the bias you prefer ? 
  while i agree that on average the german media is leaning towards liberal , progressive social positions i think it 's wrong to call it a left-wing bias . 
  on economical issues most german media besides the clearly left ones ( taz , neues deutschland , etc. ), 
  are very much center-right . 
  faz , welt , zeit , focus , spiegel , ... - they are all pro-austerity , pro-deregulation , pro-privatization . 
  our press overall was always trustworthy , before and after trump . 
  sure there are shitty outlets as well but stories published by the big ones - s\u00fcddeutsche , faz , spiegel , tagesschau , taz , zeit , ... - basically always are the truth . 
  not free of biases in one direction or the other but expecting that would be fatuous . 
  i mean i consume quite a bit of american and british media and compared to that we are doing very well . 
   was it the police or the media who kept quiet about cologne on new years ? 
  i get these things mixed up . 
  police and the media criticized them a lot for that . 
  i love it when turks try to decide in the name of the kurds who represents them . 
  at least three forth of the kurds i met in my life supported kck linked organizations . 
  just mark the saarland red already and the rest of germany in this light yellow thing . 
  it exists since a month and was started in germany . 
  grassroots movements do n't spread from one day to another . 
  the bielefeld is a lie . 
  because of you !, 
  well , not just you , also the french , soviets and muricans . 
  while in east-berlin the soviets crushed all big companies anyway , west-berlin was completely isolated because of the partition of germany . 
  siemens , allianz , deutsche bank and lufthansa for example all originally came from berlin but because of the cold war they moved to other places , in those cases cologne , frankfurt and munich . 
  that 's why our economical power is spread out more . 
  frankfurt for example has a gdp of more then 160 billion , munich around 150 billion and stuttgart and hamburg are both well over 100 billion as well , let alone the rhine-ruhr area which is at around 330 billion . 
  stop making up cities . 
  not possible . 
  assad has russia and iran while the sdf only has the us which is not ready to fully support them to not piss off turkey . 
  to me the options do n't count like contradictions . 
  i mean someone can do his or her best , that does n't mean that someone else could n't do it better . 
  i am convinced that merkel gives her best every day to keep germany successful but yet i think schulz would be the better leader . 
  same for erdogan though . 
  you think the rebels in idlib and aleppo tinker their grad rockets , mortars and atgms . . ?
