  the spd base are workers , a lot with rather low interest in politics , they need a candidate who is widely known and popular and the average german voter barely knows anything about schulz . 
  he could be our best president since weizs\u00e4cker yet i 'd prefer him as foreign minister or even chancellor . 
  he was the only potential spd candidate that would have had a shot against merkel . 
   he is the only minister i actually like . 
  barbara hendricks is doing a good job as well . 
  manuela schwesig is solid . 
  which i 'd say is a good thing . 
  if you wan na become a german citizen you have to pass a quite hard test i think a quarter of native germans would n't pass . 
  you force people to learn the language and our history , political system , constitution , etc. 
  if they wan na get that sweet udi . 
  one of the biggest hindrances for integration have always been those living in their own neighborhoods , kinda ignoring local customs and barely speaking german after three generations . 
  i do n't know if it 's part of the kopiernudel but the capital of switzerland is bern , not z\u00fcrich . 
  in case your seriously curious : it 's one of the main lines for african refugees to europe . 
  that 's sweet . 
  i claim everything from vorkuta over perm , ufa , orenburg and uralsk down to the western parts of atyrau . 
  not to mention of course everything west of the bosporus and north of the greater caucasus . 
  their king gustav ii adolf landed with 14.000 men 20km away from where i am currently and tuned around the 30 year war by defeating the catholics in frankfurt/oder , already a little earlier he saved the nearby city of stralsund by defeating wallenstein . 
  he also kinda took over this area here by outmaneuvering brandenburg and using the death of bogislaw of pomerania . 
  that way for 150 years or so this clay became swedish-pomerania . 
  [ also there is a super awesome song about him in one of the europa universalis iv addons . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlt0lerdgks ) by the way my football club hansa rostock used to have a ton of swedish players including rade prica , marcus allb\u00e4ck , andreas jakobsson , joakim persson , marcus lantz , peter wibran and magnus arvidson who is still our best scorer in our bundesliga history . 
  besides that i know what most people know : it 's a parliamentary monarchy led by king carl gustav in central scandinavia . 
  sweden has a population of 10 million people . 
  the capital is the city of stockholm . 
  other major cities include gothenburg , uppsala and malm\u00f6 . 
  the last is in sk\u00e5ne which used to be part of denmark . 
  famous swedish companies include ikea , volvo , vattenfall , h&m and spotify . 
  one of my favorite youtubers , called sp4zie , is swedish and so is the most subbed one pewdiepie . 
  the great actor max von sydow is also swedish , just as music acts such as abba , avicii , roxette and in flames . 
  generally speaking sweden is a very modern , open and liberal nation . 
  when i think about what germany could do better one of my first thoughts will always be `` how is sweden doing it ? '', 
  nah , winter dragged out forever this year , at least in my area . 
  [ besides one single day in early april it took until the middle of may before we had temperatures above 20 \u00b0 c in my place . 
  well , now beautiful flawless emmanuel has to deliver or he will be gone as fast as he came . 
  he surely will get a lot of pressure from the streets but if he pulls through his reforms could really improve france . 
  definitely hope for the best , a successful macron means a successful eu . 
  four so far . 
  one center-left one on wallis and futuna , two en marche candidates in paris and brittany and one udi candidate in some district between calais and paris . 
  from what i 'm hearing the presidential race was quite long and exhausting and since this election was n't really about who 's winning but only about how large macron 's majority would be a lot of people did n't bothered to show up . 
  furthermore both left-wing and far-right had virtually no chance to gain anything and it 's hard to motivate them to get them behind the centrists or the conservatives . 
  not really . 
  he simply is lucky that a ) the turnout was really low and b ) both sides of the political sphere are shattered . 
  for example if there was only one party on the left it would have gotten more then 28 % , so almost even with macron and that does n't even take into account how many center-left voters this time voted em simply because the ps is a mess right now . 
  in terms of both actual voters and percentage of voters macron actually did poorly for a newly elected president . 
   ps got 29 % in 2012 and ump got 39 % in 2007 . 
  chirac got 33 % in 2002 . 
  you 're counting all the parties that made the majority , but they were not all under the same party . 
   also he got 32 % you are doing the same . 
  lrem has 28 % , the remaining 4 % are modem . 
  fertility has nothing to do with heritage dumbo . 
  fertility is a matter of wealth , health , culture and a number of other factors . 
  women in bangladesh used to get an average of 5 children just 40 years ago , now they are even with france at 2 children per women . 
  palestinians get twice as many children as tunisians and they are the same ethnicity . 
  hell , hongkong is a contender for the lowest fertility rate in the world and the chinese certainly never had a problem with their fertility looking at their population . 
  botsuana and south africa have long reached a south american fertility rate of ~ 2,3 children per women . 
  i never mentioned trump . 
  every republican who is n't opposing him is just as guilty and seeing that americans voted for them to rule every part of the legislative that does n't speak well for the american public either . 
  you said it yourself : obama could n't ratify the paris agreement . 
  why ? 
  because of a gop majority in congress . 
  and that was before trump was anywhere near to becoming their leader . 
  instead of stability during the brexit negotiations you now will get a weird unstable semi-coalition with the tories ' homophobic northern irish friends . 
  i mean i am very happy about the tory losses but i can see why people think it 's worse . 
  either way if labour does n't fuck up massively they 'll win the next election . 
   just woke up , this is the first post i see about the elections and jesus the snp lost bad . 
  it 's not that easy , really . 
  it was still the 2nd best result ever for the snp in a general election . 
  before 2015 they used to have 11 seats , now they have 35 . 
  it was more that their 2015 performance was exceptionally fantastic . 
  they are still by far the largest party in scotland . 
   mind you one country has invested billions into defending europe , and the other only talked about nuking berlin and other more than a dozen times . 
  oh please you can bet your balls that the us used to have nukes aimed at the homes of each of our parents back in the cold war . 
  the only difference is that both east germany and ukraine now play in their team . 
  it 's not always the same countries , it 's countries that are in public focus . 
  in recent years for example greece and ukraine were polled too a couple times . 
  yeah , i do n't understand either how the us is not lower then russia yet . 
  putin 's moves are normally expected . 
  if you like them or not does n't matter . 
  everyone has an idea of how russia is handling things . 
  the trump administration is like a band of drunk toddlers with guns . 
  an ally that attacks us , our elected leader , our economy and our environment on a weekly basis is not a real ally . 
  living in the past wo n't change that . 
  last thing i found was that you were rated 76 % positive in 2009 but plummeted down to 36 % in 2011 because media campaigns about lazy southerners who do n't wan na pay debts and shit . 
  most germans love italy but your political class is kinda weird , you have to admit that . 
  most germans are more salty about 2006 to be honest . 
  you can make your jokes but looking at the free press index the us is closer to authoritarian regimes like mauritania , comoros or togo then to germany , ireland or austria . 
  and i think it 's not getting any better in the coming years with an administration that says the press is it 's enemy . 
  around a million kurds live in germany , maybe a couple more now depending on how many of the refugees from syria and iraq are kurds . 
  three million ethnic turks live in germany , around half of whom are german citizens . 
  [ yeah , look at that fashion queen . 
  for 99 % of the time she has to be the most powerful woman in the world , i can totally understand that the little time off she has she does n't wan na spent with fashionable clothing choices . 
  as someone from mecklenburg i gladly swap our wealth and economic strength with bavaria if it only means we have to be a net contributor . 
  i can understand when piss poor cities in nrw cry about the soli but bavaria crying about the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich ? 
  oh shut the fuck up and be happy that you were n't part of the soviet occupation zone . 
  modem will most likely get more seats then fn or udi . 
  i mean it clearly is a tabloid but its not in the same ballpark as the bloody daily mail . 
  a majority is basically guaranteed at this point . 
  i guess the important question is if em themselves get a majority or if their partner modem is needed . 
  but i 'm quite confident for 380 + seats for em+m odem . 
  it 's always a mini-presidential election .
