   it depends on many factors , but you need a highly populated region that produces your gdp . 
  of course but does anyone fear that warsaw , katowice , sofia , budapest or zagreb run out of people ? 
  in the wake of global urbanization i really do n't fear for the major cities of eastern europe . 
  it 's normally the economically weak countryside from where people leave to find a job abroad . 
   the official eu plan is that germany will shrink by 15 mln and become a 65 mln country by 2080 which kinda proves already that this is bullshit . 
  why should a country like austria which is completely similar to us in fertility rate , culture , standard of living , healthcare and immigration grow by 12 % while we shrink by 20 % . . ? 
  literally every finish province besides uusimaa ( helsinki ) has a population density of less then 45 people per square kilometer . 
  which means the clear majority of the finish population lives in lowly populated areas so my point that high population is not necessary for a high quality of living stands even though it gets downvoted for some reason . 
  no but it proves that you do n't necessarily need a high population density to have a good live . 
  look at the population density of nordic countries and now look up who is constantly among the happiest people on the planet . 
  right , the very same countries . 
  if we manage to use the rising productivity and the mechanization of our industries to our advantage we should easily be able to improve our standard of living even with a growing number of pensioners . 
  also from my experience those statistics are nothing but wild guesses . 
  take my home city rostock as a simple example . 
  in 2002 when the city had a population of 198.259 people the state calculated that the city would shrink to 197.083 people by 2020 . 
  guess what , it 's almost 2020 and our population has risen to more then 207.500 people . 
  i mean not even the direction was correct . 
  same for most other communities in mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
  and the explanations back then for the state are the same that are used for eastern europe here : migration towards the west and low birth-rate . 
  and it turns out both has slowed down drastically , in fact we now have more immigrants then migrants . 
  or let 's look at it the other way around . 
  i bet if you look at prognoses for bangladesh from the 80s the expectations were much higher since back then the average bangladeshi woman had 7 children , now it 's a little more then 2 . 
  so i would take such statistics with a huge grain of salt . 
  it 's literally an npd rally you damn halfwit . 
  yeah , how dare anyone protests against fascists . 
  in germany it 's an official holiday with lots of different protests . 
  i 'm actually currently on my way to one . 
  for me this year it 's an antifa protest because the nazis decided to march in a nearby city . 
  there are also rather chilled celebrations like the myfest in berlin and then there are the revolutionary may first protests in berlin and hamburg that often end with teargas , stones , bottles and looted shops . 
  of course the major unions hold rallies as well , the main one of the dgb is in gelsenkirchen this year . 
  the turnout was 71,5 % so 30 % of an age group staying home is the norm . 
  here is one for the last german election if you like it : http://www.zeit.de/static/projekte/waehlerwanderung-2013/images/waehlerwanderung-2013.png, 
   why would a conservative vote for someone who prefers a progressive over a conservative ? 
  you mean who prefers a progressive over a fascist , right ? 
  no conservative reached the 2nd round . 
  the most basic french values there are to conserve are libert\u00e9 , \u00c9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 - three things marine le pen is fighting . 
  fillon is socially conservative , macron progressive . 
  why would a conservative pick fillon over macron then ? 
  non , but that does n't really matter . 
  according to a new ipsos poll [ macron will win among m\u00e8lenchon voters by 62 % to 9 % . 
  ] ( https://image.slidesharecdn.com/pdfattente-170421141231/95/prsidentielle-2017-intentions-de-vote-au-2nd-tour-5-638.jpg?cb=1492980411 ) jlm 's base might be a bit weird but they wo n't back a fascist . 
  even if le pen would collect every single vote on the right from fillon and dupont-aigner macron would still have a solid lead and the fillon camp has already endorsed macron . 
  just a month ago she was at 26-28 % in the polls . 
  to get less then 22 % despite the recent terror attack , a socialist president that is widely hated and a horrible corrupt candidate for the mainstream right is actually quite a bad result for her . 
  i mean fn got 27 % in the local election in 2015 after all . 
   do you have any particular feeling to any other nations in eu ? 
  i simply adore the french and the swamp germans , i view them as our brothers + i look up to the nordic countries and hope to learn from what they do better then us . 
  the political situation in hungary on the other side makes me oppose them quite a bit . 
  i respect that the southern europeans despite their critical situation did n't turned towards the far-right . 
  estonia is the cute new girl in school , as someone from the baltic sea coast i overall see us and the baltic nations closely connected . 
  [ roulade with kl\u00f6\u00dfe ] ( http://images.lecker.de/,id=4c2cbefd,b=lecker,w=610,cg=c.jpg ) . 
  this bothers me the most . 
  you love erdogan , you praise turkey all day , you act like it 's the greatest place on earth . 
  why the hell wo n't you go there then and live in this paradise ? 
  why do you have to bother us ? 
  ca n't we trade our erdogan worshippers for lawyers , journalists and professors who got imprisoned or purged by erdogan ? 
  i like where this is going . 
  do n't forget imprisoned opposition , censored media and low education . 
  they are not allowed by the us and russia . 
  if turkey is a grizzly bear then the us and russia are a tyrannosaurus . 
  the grizzly would be stupid to move into the t-rex 's territory , but that does n't make him weak . 
  which is a center-left party . 
  or at least they present themselves as one . 
  you elected donald trump as your president while we gave shelter to a million arabs who fled a war that was started because of you . 
  sorry but * you * trying to frame * us * as some kind of racist wo n't work anymore . 
  murican is not a race so it 's not racism . 
   try going a hundred years without killing six million jews and we will see how well you 've done . 
  try going a hundred years without killing millions of natives or enslaving or segregating africans or bombing hundreds of thousands of arabs or burning hundreds of thousands of vietnamese or nuking japan . 
  we have the far , far , far better track record in the last 70 years . 
   is it your position that the number of people killed to date is not yet enough for you to consider it a problem worth addressing ? 
  is the number of people killed in mass shootings in the us not yet enough for you to consider strikt gun laws ? 
  oh wait , they are all just false flag operations by barack ** hussein ** obama , i forgot . 
  in germany 2016 3.214 people died in car crashes . 
  i think 14 were killed by islamic terrorists last year . 
  should we ban all cars now since you want to ban all muslims too ? 
  of course it 's a problem one can address . 
  i support stopping saudi-funded mosques , imams should be educated in germany and teach in german , i support a bigger police force that is well equipped for a worst case scenario , etc. 
  but punishing all muslims for the acts of a few is nothing but short sighted and stupid . 
  of course they did bad in al-bab but how many men they really had on the front lines ? 
  the rest were their horrible rebel allies . 
  if turkey was allowed to and wanted to start a full invasion at isis the caliphate would be gone in a month . 
   thousands of innocent people . 
  and where did that happen ? 
  if i forgot some feel free to correct me but this is the full list of bigger islamic terror attacks ( 10 + victims ) in eu countries since 1990 : - madrid 2004 ( 191 killed ) - paris/bataclan 2015 ( 130 killed ) - nizza 2016 ( 84 killed ) - london 2005 ( 52 killed ) - brussels 2016 ( 32 killed ) - berlin 2016 ( 12 killed ) - paris/charlie hebdo 2015 ( 12 killed ) and that 's horrible enough . 
  but the question stands where you found thousands ? 
  on breitbart or infowars ? 
  yet you dare to blame others of [ spreading fake news ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/62e832/russian_hired_1000_people_to_create_anticlinton/dfma3cf/ ) . 
  hundreds of thousands of turks live in germany for at least five decades and if anything they were on the receiving end of terror attacks . 
  but i have tagged you as `` the_donald idiot '' so i guess i 'm not interested to waste my time with you . 
  east germany had the highest standard of living of all countries of the eastern bloc . 
  our gdp per capita in 1990 was even with spain , well ahead of portugal and ireland . 
  sure you could n't go to mallorca but cuba has nice beaches as well . 
  instead of the nsa your neighbor spied on you . 
  oh and there was just one political party but then again the `` land of the free '' only has two and yet their inhabitants think they are the shining light of democracy , so there is that . 
  in all honesty it would n't have happened in the gdr in the 80s that states have 10 % unemployment as it is normal nowadays . 
  the whole east german economy was crushed in the 90s because they could n't win against western products . 
  the gdp per capita of my home state is as high as latvia or kazakhstan . 
  believe it or not , there are plenty of people here who had a better life before the reunification . 
  turkey has the 2nd biggest army among all nato members and the 18th highest gdp in the world plus a population as large as germany 's . 
  they are by no means a weak nation .
