  en march already is the strongest party in the first round ( by quite a lot this time actually ) and in the 2nd round the losing sides will mostly pick the one closest to them which is in any case the centrist . 
  you have em vs. lr in the 2nd round ? 
  fi and ps will support em . 
  you have em vs. fi in the 2nd round ? 
  lr will support em . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  the only real question is how fn voters act in a em vs anyone-but-fn constellation but i guess most will just stay home with the rest of them voting blank or split between the two . 
  well this is a em ! - modem alliance though , is n't it ? 
  because our people kinda tried to exterminate them . . ? 
  it apparently exists but its privat and the owner left reddit . 
  i think we just ca n't have nice things , can we ... 
  everyone is free to spent an hour on your profile reading through your comments themselves . 
  if there was a subreddit / r/shitturkssay you would probably have several top posts there . 
  i mean i get that we started that shit and that people were full of hate against germans at that time , understandably so . 
  yet that the death of ~ 500.000 german civilians just seems to be a sidenote in history kinda bothers me . 
  i mean the sayfo ( assyrian genocide ) had ~ 300.000 victims . 
  oh please stop the act already . 
  everytime it 's the same . 
  i opened the last 35 pages of your comments and searched for the word `` kurds '' and that 's basically the gist : `` thousands of kurdish villages were destroyed in the turkish-kurdish war ? 
  yeah , but there was no displacement since they still live in turkey 's south east ! '', 
  `` turkey bombs kurdish villages in syria ? 
  yeah but the ypg is the pkk so it 's justified to bomb those villages ! '', 
  `` turkey places thousands of turkmen refugees into kurdish villages and towns in north aleppo and harasses the locals ? 
  but , but ... 
  `` the kurds want to fight the iranian regime that suppresses them for decades ? 
  i hope that will strengthen the turkish-iranian relationships ! '', 
  `` basically the whole hdp leadership is imprisoned ? 
  yeah but that does n't mean kurdish representation is taking away since there are some kurds in the akp and chp i guess . '', 
  `` oh by the way i totally oppose erdogan even though i whitewash everything he does to kurds . '', 
  `` i prefer secular and democratic but the only force in syria with exactly that premise is satan itself . '', 
  you never hold back with your anti kurdish sentiment over at / r/syriancivilwar so you are really in no position to judge . 
  it impresses me how most people here seem to rank aldi highly and netto like shit . 
  i mean i guess it has a lot to do with local stores but for me it 's completely the other way around . 
  aldi always felt very trashy and kinda depressing while netto is much more welcoming and open and has somewhat higher quality products . 
  aldi is the thing i go to when i have 10 $ left for the week and do n't plan on starving but otherwise i never go there . 
  favorites for me are rewe and real though . 
  [ and i 'm so glad mutti got rid of that guy . 
  ] ( http://www.deutschlandfunkkultur.de/media/files/e/eca124ea3965df15fe519d39fc905312v2.jpg ), 
  she is the leader of the conservative party since 17 years . 
  she has destroyed the carriers of dozens of alpha males to be where she is now . 
  do n't underestimate mutti . 
  they all attack her and in the end she is the one still standing . 
  so an island nation surrounded by possibilities for water and wind energy production uses 20 % less co \u00b2 per person then we do ? 
  what a shock . 
  well , looking at how humans tend to vote these days i 'd say we are pretty bananas . 
  so apparently kurdistan can into europe . 
  they look almost the same as albania and greece . 
  said the people who voted for bojo the shaved orangutan and nigel farage . 
  the projection says 18 seats . 
  ( 16 for fn , 15 for udi ), 
  the main opponent for em this time around is lr . 
  the left is scattered and weak , the far-right wo n't get more then 25 seats because they are who they are . 
  so macron is doing a clever job by appointing ministers and even a prime minster who used to be part of lr . 
  this way he tries to get the support of people who normally vote for ump or the jupp\u00e9-wing of lr . 
  and so far it works . 
  10 days ago em 's lead over lr was 4 points , now its 13 points . 
  his political strategy is flawless so far . 
  [ this page ] ( http://anthonyveyssiere.com/legislatives2017/# ) is projecting quite the overwhelming em victory with even their little sister modem getting more seats then the front national . 
  * em+m odem : 427 * lr+udi : 95 * lfi+ps+pcf : 39 * fn : 16 of course it 's just an early projection based on the nationwide trend , the `` electoral collage '' can look a bit different , but it should give you an idea . 
  the problem is that as it stands a lot of areas wo n't have any left wing candidate in the 2nd round to back up in the first place . 
   the new up and coming party was founded by a finance minister who left ps besides what / u/somniumov said : macron was never a member of the ps . 
  he just worked under a ps president . 
  also em is by no means a new ps . 
  em is a liberal party of the center , by eu standards a party for alde , not for s&d . he brings in people from everywhere . 
  his government has 13 ministers who are affiliated with political parties : 5 from em and each 2 from modem , ps , lr and prg . 
  90 + % agree that hollande was a disaster . 
  i know that facts are n't your strong point but our actual birthrate of ethnic germans is higher then yours as well . 
  ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/poland/total_fertility_rate.html ), 
   have fun trying to survive those terrorist attacks and seeing german women get ficki ficki 'd . 
  hey at least we still do some ficki ficki . 
  looking at your birthrate poland will be unpopulated before we become an islamic country . 
  gdp per capita , hdi , press freedom index , life expectancy , wealth per capita , pisa ranking , ... we are a better nation then poland by any possible standard . 
  and the majority of our immigrants are eu-citizens . 
  polish , italian , romanian , greek , croatian , etc. 
  they normally do n't say insh ` allah . 
  but hey , if it makes you feel better believe that we will be a post apocalyptic wasteland under shariah law soon . 
  i mean looking at how much you post on / r/christianity and / r/catholicism you seem to be good at believing everything some idiots write or tell you . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  what some small minded polish dog believes wo n't influence our success as a nation and as a people . 
  talking about germany . 
  it 's always so easy to speak from the safety of your desk in the safe central europe of our times . 
  it was n't always so safe though . 
  back when your people got slaughtered they fled all the way to iran and the us . 
  you reddit-warrior could have easily been one of them so get of your high horse . 
  have you ever made your way through a war zone , the mediterranean and half a continent ( + the sahara for africans ) ? 
  but i guess you can imagine that this is easier to handle for a man in his prime then for little children , women or elderly . 
  often enough the families sent the strongest because they ca n't afford the trip for more and then one and then hope that this lad finds work and can pay for the trip of the rest of the family . 
  it 's not rocket science or some evil conspiracy , it 's just a practical matter . 
   does anyone see any end of the migrant crisis ? 
  we kinda went from 206.000 registrations in november 2015 to 17.000 registrations in november 2016 . 
  but hey , what do facts matter . 
  we 'll all die by the hands of raping and pillaging arabs said the daily mail and breitbart so that must be the truth . 
  it amazes me i have to say . 
  polish are the 2nd largest group of immigrants in germany by now ( 1,7 million ) and on the way to surpass the turks who 's numbers are actually dropping slowly . 
  so tens of thousands of polish who fear it could become as * horrible * in poland as it is in germany come here every year ... 
  would you be willing to name me some `` fully turkified areas '' . . ? 
  the city with the highest share of turks in germany is duisburg with a little more then 9 % being turks . 
  duisburgs most multicultural district is marxloh but even here the 36 % germans ( not including immigrants with german citizenship ) form a plurality compared to the roughly 30 % turks with the other third being mostly from the balkan and italy . 
  so not even the most turkish district in all of germany that i can think of - and yeah , it is quite the shithole - is anywhere close to being fully turkified yet you talk about it like such places exist in every city . 
  is that so ?
