  there are 1,3 billion muslims . 
  if it was a major threat we would all by now be part of a gigantic crusade to stop them or we would already cover our women and prey towards mekka . 
   unpleasant cunt [ ... ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/qix1bhvumj0/hqdefault.jpg )  first to resort to insults . 
  well kids , here is my prediction : * vvd 27 * pvv 21 * cda 21 * gl 19 * d66 17 * sp 15 * pdva 9 * cu 5 * 50plus 5 * sgp 3 * pvdd 3 * denk 2 * fvd 2 * pp 1 would be beautiful if wilders only comes in 4th or 5th but realistically he will hold on to his 2nd place by a couple votes . 
  klaver has more momentum then pechthold . 
  pdva is clinically dead . 
  realistically that would open up the following options : coalition 1 : vvd/cda/gl / d66 coalition 2 : vvd/cda/d66 / cu/pdva coalition 3 : vvd/cda/gl / pdva coalition 4 : cda/gl/d66 / sp/cu coalition 5 : cda/gl/d66 / pdva/cu/50 + there would be some very weird possibilities for klaver or wilders but they are just to ridiculous to happen . 
  for me , i would be happy if gl and d66 combined have at least 36 seats . 
  it would be a great night though if the pvv lands behind either of them . 
  so , in short : he is an idiot . 
  that hope is fine , but realistically we should be happy if they come in third . 
   man , i wish we had something like d66 here . 
  or maybe a ciudadanos more openly republican and leftist . 
  the d66 is n't leftist at all , you know that , right ? 
  they are economically as far right as the cda , just much more progressiv on social issues . 
  and since the last vvd-pvda coalition worked out so great for them let 's do exactly the same just with some random center parties more . 
  quite the political strategist , are n't you ? 
  if the pvda instead of one neoliberal party this time backs three of them they can just deliver their remaining 10 seats to klaver and roemer . 
  by us standards the nsdap was clearly a leftist party . 
  i mean did you know that the s stands for socialists ? 
  case closed !, 
  five posts on reddit and all are about a pvv-d66 coalition . 
  what is wrong with you man ? 
  the d66 is the most progressiv party besides gl and the pvv is the most conservative besides the sgp . 
  hell will freeze over before pechthold goes into a coalition with wilders . 
  that was a result of weimar , not the actual syndrome . 
  what he means is that the parliament is so fragmented that it becomes almost ungovernable . 
  looking how often coalitions in the netherlands break and how long it takes to form them in the first place i 'd say that is very accurate . 
  their former editor-in-chief can d\u00fcndar lives and works in germany now . 
  i understand normal dutch better , that one has to much frisian influences for me but i still get the message . 
  i 'm a pro-european green leftist so it comes as no surprise that i like klaver . 
  [ here is something in our kind o f low german . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51ula7gpcto ), 
  you mean one of the happiest countries in the world with an extraordinarily high standard of living , an astonishing nature , great education and health systems and beautiful ladies ? 
  literally , mordor . 
  til : housing people in need = destroying the place, 
  i know you just tried to be edgy , but i actually thought about that . 
  could n't we like take a part of greenland , iceland , bj\u00f8rn\u00f8ya , svalbard or jan mayen and put the refugees there ? 
  i know , it sounds strange but think about it . 
  refugees are people who need a safe place because of war or political prosecution in their home countries . 
  all those not-so-endangered asylum seekers would probably stay away because i mean which african or middle eastern person enjoys this climate ? 
  so those who really need protection will be protected while the others will be kept out . 
  this way we would n't have the problems in our own society ( housing , lack of teachers , need for integration , fear of islam , etc. ), 
  and we would cultivate some new lands while helping people out of danger . 
   why would it work this time after it failed last time ? 
  one of remain 's key points was that only a ` no ' - vote would secure that scotland will stay in the eu . 
  well , that has changed drastically . 
  just two days ago i watched a full speech of jesse klaver . 
  while not understanding every word , i got the gist of like three forth of his sentences . 
  the reason i may understand more then some of my fellow germans is probably because i 'm a northener and speak quite a bit low german . 
  the motto today was `` blijf bij ons ! '', 
  [ this is the protest in cologne . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/khes5 ) because of the upcoming election and the whole struggle with turkey it was very dutch centered this time . 
  i disagree that this is the main issue . 
  the green base is fine with the immigration laws that are in place and very little would say that there are major problems . 
  the thing is the greens have two very different groups of voters . 
  one very much leftist and one centrist . 
  both are united in like fighting climate change and supporting minorities but economically they tend to be very different from each other . 
  for this election for the first time both candidates are from the centrist wing . 
  the greens basically got themselves ready for a black-green coalition . 
  i think that was fine , grand coalitions stand for stagnation so change would have been very welcome and i even planned to vote green myself . 
  then saint martin came along and changed the whole dynamic of the election . 
  for the leftist wing of the green base - at least the part that thinks wagenknecht is cray cray , including myself - there all of a sudden was an alternative which they take right now . 
  for the last two months people talked about the schulz hype and how it will end * very soon * yet here we are . 
  every major poll so far this month has the spd standing at at least 30 % . 
  one thing 's for sure with the weakness of the greens : if the cdu will not be strongest party merkel wo n't be chancellor any longer . 
  even the unlikely jamaica-coalition drifts further and further away . 
  you mean seven . 
  of course cdu and csu are one in the parliament but still technically two parties . 
  i can only say that this is a ridiculously stupid comment . 
  sorry , meant 2010 election . 
  fixed it . 
   in the last german election about 12 % of the peoples votes did n't count because they voted for parties underneath the threshold . 
  it was actually 15,8 % . 
  fdp , afd and pirates alone had 12 % . 
  more then 6,8 million votes basically ignored . 
   yeah , i wish . 
  pvv is gon na get a lot of votes too . 
  so far it seems like they will get less then in 2010 . 
  imagine a life without ayran and fake ray-bans . 
  i would n't want to live in that world . 
  it 's the classic schr\u00f6dinger 's refugee : both stealing your job and robbing your social systems at the same time . 
  well if i remember correctly in the us no alcohol is allowed before the age of 21 meanwhile here in germany beer and wine are legal starting at age 16 . 
  that happened afterwards , the post is 4 days old , the boy was killed 3 days ago . 
   were n't leftists cheering when they first leaked on the bush admin ? 
  because bush is still anti-trump and anti-putin . 
  also i found nothing about this switzerland story . 
  pretty sure you mean the panama papers wich were published by s\u00fcddeutsche , le monde , haaretz , guardian and other such newspapers . 
  last time i checked english was a ** german ** ic language . 
  we as east germans were pretty much the richest people in the eastern bloc and despite the west pumping 2 trillion euro into the east until now we are still 20-30 % behind the old states in most fields . 
  then again this statistic is n't helpful in this case . 
  the important part should be how many people live in poverty and how high is the standard of living , not the average net worth of your inhabitants . 
  in a couple of years sounds probably better to most scots then - you know - never again . 
  also i 'm quite sure that it would be a relatively fast process . 
  a lot of people in brussels would like some revenge against london . 
  i think the snp should wait until after the brexit happened and people see businesses moving to ireland or the mainland but nevertheless 50 % before even starting to campaign for it is quite massive . 
  the same poll also asked about the results for the upcoming scottish local government election . 
  the snp was at 46 % , even 4 % higher then in last years fantastic scottish parliament election . 
  problem with wikileaks is that they are super biased . 
  you think they have nothing about trump , putin or le pen ?
