  the products are not different if they are produced in haifa or modiin illit and there are a shit ton of other occupied or contested areas around the world . 
  any labels for novorossiya or northern cyprus ? 
  if not that shows that it 's once again about israel and not about equal standards . 
  while my hatred towards dynamo and everything connected to dresden is a chronic illness at this point , i 'm quite sure not all of them are killers . 
  the thing is the assad regime is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  even if russia would keep out of it to not get into conflict with nato you would start a war with syria , iraq , rojava , hezbollah and iran while russia starts to train and equip the pkk behind closed doors . 
  not to sure what iraqi kurds would do , probably kurdish civil war ii between kdp and puk/goran . 
  and then you have armenia , greece and cyprus surrounding you waiting for the right moment . 
  so i 'd say not a good idea especially after turkey has just discharged a third of their admirals and generals . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ afdfch, 
  water is still wet . 
  we do n't talk about hitler fc here . 
  we do n't see them as one of our kind . 
  they are a weird sect that inebriate themselves through the consuming of bull urine or something like that . 
  i have so much respect for the local church of chemie leipzig , i hope they can save some of these pitiful non-believers . 
  890.000 of which ~ 60 % are allowed to stay . 
  large numbers came from christian countries like serbia and montenegro or mixed countries like eritrea , albania and bosnia . 
  furthermore a whole lot of refugees from iran and afghanistan convert to christianity . 
  then there is the exodus of christians from iraq and partly syria and they often end here . 
  i 'd put the number of newly arrived muslims at around 400.000-500 .000 overall . 
  there was a census in 2011 that showed that only 1,9 % muslims lived in germany . 
  the problem was that 17,4 % of all people did n't answered the question of their faith . 
  overall the most common estimations say that around 4 million muslims live in germany which is roughly 5 % . 
  it 's largely based on the numbers of the bamf from 2009 . 
  it 's probably around 4,5 million now due to the refugee crisis which puts us at 5,5 % german muslims . 
  we have a religion . 
  it 's called football . 
  we go to the temple every weekend , sing religious songs in some kind of large gospel choir , embrace our saints and try to convert our friends and family . 
  if someone speaks ill of our gods it 's seen as blasphemy . 
  unfortunately there are a lot of radicals that misuse our religion to spread hatred and violence though . 
  there are actually some interesting stories about jews that fought for germany in the first world war . 
  they thought it would help them to get recognized as equals instead they got blamed for losing the war . 
  breaking news : turkey has the 2nd largest army in the nato . 
  i mean normally everything the rest of texas hates is a good thing . 
  that was the plan of france and britain once upon a time as well . 
  when they were ready to finally move poland was already occupied . 
  melbourne is number one . 
  second is houston by the way . 
  cizre and nusaybin looked like aleppo this summer . 
  that was much more than just fighting the pkk . 
  it was a punishment directed at the hdp-supporting provinces . 
  it actually gave legitimacy to the pkk for large parts of the kurdish community , even those who normally oppose them for obvious reasons . 
  i mean after openly questioning the treaty of lausanne it should be time for sanctions . 
  threatening the territorial integrity of fellow eu members is a massive affront to all its members . 
  looking at the inflation in turkey , the youth unemployment , the crash in tourist numbers , the comeback of the war with the pkk and the international isolation that erdogan brought turkey i 'd say that he and the akp does not act in the national interest at all , just in their own interest . 
  breaking news : the oldest conflict on the planet is still ongoing and mutual hate between israelis and arabs is still a thing . 
  but it would tell their voters that they have no interest in actually leading , they just wan na continue under a cdu leadership - which is most likely true but it will cost you even more voters . 
  swedens third largest party . 
  nationalists and populists , partly racist . 
  basically the swedish equivalent of afd , fp\u00d6 or ukip . 
  greek , cypriot , kurdish , armenian and syrian leaders should have a meeting about who gets what then . 
  i mean people always tell me that a free northern kurdistan is impossible but i for once trust in our sun-king and god-emperor erdogan that he will manage to destroy turkey and rip it apart . 
   i suppose military leaders , statesmen , religious leaders , etc are too passe you act like every god damn street in germany is named after a progressive figure . 
  those are the top 10 most used street names in germany : * hauptstra\u00dfe ( main street ) * schulstra\u00dfe ( school street ) * gartenstra\u00dfe ( garden street ) * bahnhofstra\u00dfe ( railway station street ) * dorfstra\u00dfe ( village street ) * bergstra\u00dfe ( mountain street ) * birkenweg ( birches path ) * lindenstra\u00dfe ( linden street ) * kirchstra\u00dfe ( church street ) * waldstra\u00dfe ( forest street ) the most used people in street names are schiller , goethe , mozart , beethoven , lessing , uhland , kant , wagner , ebert , koch , gutenberg and heine in that order . 
  in east germany the likes of marx , engels , liebknecht and luxemburg are also quite common . 
  the highest ranking clearly leftist figures are the scholl siblings hans and sophie scholl on the 178th position . 
  there are also examples like that : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/mecklenburg-vorpommern.htm, 
  ** germany ** steinmeier will be the next german president since spd and cdu now both support him . 
  eu parliament president martin schulz could be steinmeier 's successor as foreign minister . 
  merkel will run for a forth term next year . 
  also one of the biggest salafist organisations called `` the true religion '' has been forbidden and was raided across the country . 
  there was no poll that said clinton has a 95 % chance of winning , those are forecasters not pollsters . 
  the polls on average predicted a 3 point clinton win in the popular vote and she won by like 1 point in that regard . 
  that 's a difference of only 2 points which is really darn good polling . 
  and for brexit : there were 5 polls on election day and two of them saw a leave-lead while two others were in the margin of error so polling was also fine in that case . 
  this particular pollster - emnid - was off by only around 1-2 percent for each party in the last general election in germany . 
   hopefully she wins . 
  we need counterbalance to putin , trump , erdogan and possibly le pen . 
  the only option where she is not winning is a centre-left/left government , something trump-esque is impossible at the moment . 
  the afd is currently hovering around 13 % so i would be surprised if they get more than 20 % and every other crazy party is below 2 % . 
   continue as we are and it 's going to get very messy . 
  it is very messy that 's why the people are coming . 
  in a globalized world we ca n't just cover our eyes and act like there is nothing going on in syria , iraq , yemen , libya , afghanistan , nigeria , mali , etc. 
  that 's what we tried for decades and now the problems are so big that they reached us . 
  `` fortress europe '' does n't work . 
  so either we act now and help these people or a whole lot of these people are gon na die . 
  i often hear that it 's about `` defending western values '' but what values are left to defend when we let innocent people get killed in our backyard ? 
  those people were good enough to screw together your iphone , sew your jeans and collect your coffee beans . 
  then they are good enough to be your fucking neighbors . 
   the leader of die linke until a couple of years ago was literally east germany 's last prime minister . 
  that was sabine bergmann-pohl of the cdu . 
  gysi - who is one of the most modest , democratic and open-minded politicians we have - was last leader of the socialist party sed . 
  he spoke in front of 500.000 protesters in berlin and called for freedom of movement , real democratic elections and for the establishment of a supreme court - 5 days later the wall fell . 
  he rose to power in the party because he opposed the old dictatorship , because he was a reformer which was what the people called for so dearly . 
   not really - depending on the outcome , we have various options . 
  yeah but at the end of the day everything other than the most leftist coalition in the history of the brd ( r2g ) would have a chancellor named angela merkel and she is basically the figure head of what the afd is fighting so the point that afd voters are shooting themselves in the foot still stands . 
   i hope she looses . 
  i 'm assuming you are a right-winger . . ? 
  sorry to shock you but the afd wo n't win the election , petry wo n't be chancellor . 
  if merkel loses you will have to swallow a socialist/social-democratic/environmentalist coalition that is much more in favor of refugees then merkel ever was . 
  it 's the only possible coalition without a merkel win . 
  options like a center-left coalition ( spd/fdp/gr \u00fcne ) are n't possible anymore thanks to the existence of the afd . 
  in reality the pure numbers have barely changed at all in germany . 
  we just live in echo chambers nowadays that makes us hear about every bloody case while beforehand no one gave a shit . 
  women 's shelters were full already before the refugee crisis even started . 
  - and especially the right-wing that spreads this stuff always downplayed sexual harassment and called feminism a stupid ideology . 
    the best case scenario , imho , both for the spd and the country , would be another merkel term in coalition with the greens . 
  my reasoning for this is that it would give the spd a chance the regroup as the opposition and truly suggest alternative policies that would break the `` all the same '' circlejerk and therefore lower support for populists . 
  schulz is a good men and he is in talks to be the next foreign minister but for the average german he is a nobody . 
  i 'm pretty sure that at least 30 % of the germans do n't know who he even is .
