yes , but they are there legally just as refugees in germany . 
  itt : people who never lived in germany and have no idea about german society talk about people who they never talked to from a region they know nothing about who life in 6m \u00b2 rooms they will never visit . 
  and of course telling the country they do n't know shit about how stupid it is that they follow their constitution . 
  funny thing is the percentage of migrants in switzerland is much higher . 
  8,7 % in germany , 23,3 % in switzerland . 
  i do n't have separated numbers for muslims but out of the turkish community 60 % are okay with gay marriage , in the ruling csu party its just 55 % of their voters . 
   it 's not as bad as some people make it seem exactly . 
  people all over the world are making such a big fuss about it but actually the changes in our daily lives are nonexistent . 
  so there are 600 new people in my 60.000 people town . 
  who cares ? 
  i do n't have more or less money in the pocket , the crime rate is almost the same and we got some new players in our football team . 
  it should be much more . 
  god , this subreddit became a rotten place . 
  `` all men become brothers . '', 
  all men . 
  not just white christian men . 
  yeah sorry , was late . 
  no that is malta followed by the netherlands and belgium . 
  like really ? 
  that seems so unreal to me how heavily anti-refugees uk is . 
  in germany 2008 was the year with the lowest numbers since the reunification and it still was over 28.000 . 
  no one even cared about that , not even neo-nazis focused on that when the numbers were that low . 
  you get 8,3 billion euro from the eu until 2020 . http://www.gtai.de/gtai/navigation/de/trade/maerkte/suche,t=litauen--eufoerderung-2014-bis-2020,did=1105840.html, 
  same thing people said in the early 90th . 
  after 2 years the run was over . 
  the numbers from balkan countries like serbia are already dropping . 
  and even 1.600.000 would be just an increase of 2 % of our population . 
  lebanon has an increase of 23 % and their biggest problem are n't refugees but trash and corruption . 
  you pay 19 % of taxes every time you buy something in germany . 
  `` too '' . . ? 
  asylum seekers in germany receive 143 $ per month . 
  do n't get the wrong idea . 
  germany rejects ~ 60 % of the asylum applications . 
  the 3 major people that get asylum are from syria , afghanistan and eritrea . 
  try to go to the uk with that in mind . 
  sorry bro , was just pissed by the delusion some people have . 
  i learned one thing from pegida : people are frightened by the unknown . 
  the most `` anti-migration '' ( aka racist ) people live in places with low numbers of immigrants . 
  while in dresden ( 0,2 % muslims ) people gone crazy in bremen ( 10 % muslims ) no one gave a fuck . 
  lithuania has the 3rd lowest percentage of migrants of all eu countries . 
  your society has to get used to it and after a couple of month when you got in touch with each other most people perceive that those newbies are n't enemies but just some humans with a slightly darker skin and a heavy accent . 
  yeah , they will all flood into lithuania and kill your race because lithuania is the country of their dreams . 
  and if you think any of these people would be wealthier without refugees and would receive more help from the state you are blind . 
   just take for example how i 'm not allowed to have multiple wives i wrote it on another comment : the christian king of swaziland has 12 wives while in turkey polygamy is forbidden . 
   then think about how marriage is actually a thing a thing i do n't and do n't want to participate in either . 
  i do n't need a paper that tells me that me and my love are now connected . 
  i know that every morning i see her . 
  we are a couple since 11 years . 
  in german cities a marriage lasts 4 years in average by the way . 
   were you baptized no . 
  i remember that only 5 people in my class ( out of 28 ) were baptized . 
  as i said , 80 % atheists over here , that is our society since 65 years . 
   i have only one wife , where muslims can have multiple , i eat pork , bacon , muslims dont . 
  i enjoy drinking wine or liqueur muslims dont . 
  i like women , which are independent , are in politics or at any place , where in muslim world woman cant even go outside without his husband or dad . 
  our values has been formed over the age as we developed , where in the muslims world , they are pretty much stuck in 4th century and they live accordingly do you actually know a single muslim in person ? 
  lol that is one of the most outrages comments i ever read about islam . 
  islam is more than saudi-arabia . 
  you like women that are in politics ? 
  how about atifete jahjaga the female president of the kosovo ? 
  or maybe rosa otunbajewa , the former female prime minister of kyrgyzstan . 
  or how about the former ruler of the biggest muslim country in the world , mrs. megawati sukarnoputri . 
  you are against polygamy ? 
  cool . 
  the christian king of swaziland has 12 wives . 
  in turkey on the other hand it 's strictly forbidden . 
  you like drinking liqueur ? 
  in 2012 that was banned in the czech republic and on the faroe islands every kind of alcohol was forbidden until 1992 . 
  i on the other hand was never as drunk as on my holidays in egypt . 
  alcohol is banned in 10 out of 57 muslim countries . 
  even in malaysia , a state that uses the sharia law alcohol is totally legal for non-muslims . 
  you like woman that go outside alone ? 
  their are thousands of strong independent kurdish women who kick the asses of isis in syria and iraq . 
  you eat pork and bacon ? 
  well , i do n't . 
  i 'm a vegetarian . 
  who cares ? 
   has it somehow left your mind why christian holidays and customs are still marked/celebrated ? 
  no , but i do n't really participate them . 
  funnily enough jehovah 's witnesses do n't do it either and they are probably the most strict christians around here . 
   since you close stores on sunday which is thanks to socialists in the 1890th to give the workers a day off . 
  nevertheless their is a `` verkaufsoffener sonntag '' every few weeks . 
  if i become old enough to read this then i would be really glad . 
  love you fellow balts . 
   they are now targeting immigration centers , which shows how delusional these guys are . 
  or maybe , just maybe , they do n't care if they are migrants or refugees and they just hate them for not being from estonia but that would be racist and they are n't racists , they just critisise the asylum policy , amirte ? 
  which is pretty much the definition of a migrant if this `` another '' is in another country . 
  christian identity ? 
  80 % of the people here in mecklenburg-vorpommern are atheists . 
  one of the few good things the gdr gave us . 
   translator was n't working great so i found an english article on the subject . 
  that is something completely different . 
  the artical is about the more benefits we will have to pay because of the refugees in the long run . 
  money like child benefits , pensions and unemployment benefits . 
  i am talking about the money we spent for them while the asylum applications are finished . 
  is it that pressing ? 
  my country will receive 800.000 applications of asylum seekers this year and for me nothing changed . 
  there are 400 new people in my 60.000 people town - so what ? 
  that 's just the money given to syria , not the money we spent on caring for refugees . 
  this subreddit would be so much better if all members would just for a few hours talk with instead of about refugees .
