  like a total reduction in climate change ? 
  not a rise in average temperature at all but a decline . 
  see basically no problem . 
  it just wo n't work - cause for this to happen the carbon emissions would have to sink even more then planned in the paris accord . 
  especially by developing nations - basically meaning that they would either need to forgo development of their nations and revert to being even poorer then now - or an even bigger financial burden on the guys with money ( so us ) to help them meet their energy needs without carbon emitting fuels . 
  plus - at the same time the developed world would need to cut back even more radical - and that 's not a question of `` we need to bring more electric cars on the street and shut down coal '' - then the goal would be - no cars other the electric and shut down gas too . 
  this deal is the best that is available at the moment - and it actually got possible cause green energy generations is making huge steps forward especially in developing nations - a reduction would need even more and actually brutal policies - which no nation would go for . 
  so yeah - the stabilization of global warming at 2c compared to pre industrial levels is a huge thing - just to compare - if nothing is done it will ( depending on the model ) raise by 4.5-5c in 2100 - and if you belive that we have mass migration now - wait till 1/4 -1 / 3 of asia is uninhabitable and the sahara stretches to the congo . 
  no i am not saying that they suck - i am saying that an agreement was reached with wide consensus over the political spectrum - a deal that is based on international cooperation - and sorry but you ca n't have international cooperation with nationalists - it just does n't work - cause they all want to make their own soup as we say . 
  and please explain those deals to me - especially the ones which also include developing nations -, 
  no there is a right wing youtube account that disagrees with me - pretty every relevant political group from the extreme left to to the middle right agrees that this deal is a good deal . 
  the extreme left btw not so much - that 's the reason why nicaragua did n't accept the deal - it did n't go far enough for them . 
  it 's just the far right nationalists under trump ( and everyhwere else too ) who do n't agree - but that 's the problem - nationalists will never say a multi national deal is a good deal - since it 's diametral to their agenda of `` xyz first '' - the idea of a greater good between nations just does n't exist in their vocabulary . 
  explain please - what exactly is moronic about it . 
  it 's completely useless to negotiate a deal with the us - it wo n't pass senate - since there are too many `` climate change is a hoax / i do n't care if poor people have a shittier live '' people there - it was the same with kyoto . 
  the us are an unreliable partner - and i hope that more nations see it as that . 
  and what better deal does he want ? 
  the paris deal was exactly meant to do one thing - bring developing nations on board when it comes to fighting global warming - and to ensure that two incentives were set - once they get money to foster green energy at home - and they get a certain pass when it comes to accomplishing their goals . 
  the developed nations do n't get that pass - and they help developing nations to reach their goals by financing or helping to finance green energy projects - so that they do n't invest into coal and oil for their energy needs . 
  the only way it can get better for the us is if the carbon limits are set higher - which would defeat the process as a whole - or if the us pays less - which means less money for green energy in developing nations - meaning higher carbon emissions from there . 
  so if you accept that global warming is real - there is no better deal - the only better deal would be if he would accept lower carbon emissions as a whole - but i doubt mr `` regulation is horrible let 's put someone who hates epa to head the agency '' would accept that . 
  plz take them - plz plz plz take them, 
  but no one wants to negotiate with him - i mean he can talk to a wall - but that 's it, 
  and that 's why he is throwing epa regulations overboard as if there is no tomorrow - yeah sure - that will help - nope you wo n't go green - i even bet that you loose connection to the green industry as a whole and will have to import stuff from china and ten eu again cause your products will not en par with those of companies which invest now, 
  why ? 
  at the moment it 's a shitfest cause tax competition within europe is allowing companies to access the common market from within ( which is something they need to sell / produce their good in a simple cost effective way ) - if they say now `` ok we can move to moldavia - they are giving us lower rates '' then that 's nice - but they wo n't have the easy access anymore . 
  sure some companies might relocate - but for example starbucks and apple - two of names that come to my mind easily now ca n't do buisness in europe then . 
  starbucks ca n't sell their lattes in moldavia and give them to me in vienna , and apple ca n't sell me stuff in europe without having a european store accountable to eu rules - now sure they can say `` well we will leave the eu then '' except that they wo n't - cause a market of 500 million wealthy customers is not to be left behind, 
  it will be a few years until we see how leaving will work out for the u.k. - but i think we will get a taste pretty soon when the negotiations start . 
  so i think by mid 2018 we will see if leaving will do any good to the u.k. or not, 
   and the future of the european people is to be less european and more multiracial , as it has been since the romans decided to conquer an empire , europeans conquered colonies all over the world , from the americas to siberia , and down to africa . 
  you are aware that people from outside of europe came to europe in large numbers at least since the 17th century ? 
  that they all brought their culture , their ideas , their ways of life to europe and it got incorporated into what you now see as `` european ''  the future does not grand europe such a luxury , and only your countries are suffering this fate . 
  i am guessing you life in the us ? 
  the biggest modern melting pot of all ? 
  the country that still attracts more immigrants then most others ? 
  that is basically founded on immigration and its ability to make different people from different cultures live peacefully together ? 
  and you really say that this is not possible on a continent that has so much more experience with that ? 
  again - your idea of europe is so stuck in the past - a past that never was - a past in which only white culture counts and everything else doesnt exist . 
  and that is a something that just never existed . 
  see the problem of for example terrorism in france or belgium is not immigration - very few to none of the islamic terrorists who commited those attacks in the last few years were actually immigrants . 
  they were mostly 3rd generation citizens , immigrated from the colonies in the 50ies or even before , marginalised by people like you who pushed them to the outer fringes of society . 
  who often made it impossible for them to even have a chance to have a decent life . 
  and i know - now you are gon na tell me how this is all bullshit , and its not true and so on . 
  see i liveed in paris for some time , and one of my friends there is a teacher , a nice guy who lets his students in vocational school use his adress in the 17th arrondissement for job and internship searching cause as soon as they used the postal code starting with 93 for seine-saint-denis he knows they wont get an answer . 
  that internal racism - thats the root of terrorism in france , and while the french motto is liberte , egalite , fraternite , they are extremly lacking in the egalite part - which shows in the banlieus on one hand and the grandes \u00e9coles on the other hand . 
  but for you this doesnt count - its a culture war , or religous war - but actually - its good old class warfare - just that its not the white proletariat against the white owners of industry - its the black and brown masses who were pushed further and further to the brink , who were let to rot in the economic downturn of the last crisis and who now use islam as a way to get back to the people who pushed them there . 
  as i said before - i live in a country with a working social safety net - and see there - no terrorism - maybe - just maybe - if you give people the chance to live a decent life , they dont start to kill people . 
  but as you are from the country that just ended a large part of its social security ( and i guess you voted for the man who makes it possible ) i dont think you will understand this point . 
   yeah are n't you lucky your societies will continue to be flooded with incompatible outsiders with high birth rates statistics show that second generation immigrants have a birth rate similar then the native population , third generation immigrants have a lower birthrate . 
  [ link in german ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/bildung/erziehung/679594/migranten-retten-die-geburtenrate-nicht )  who exploit your social services they actually pay more into the system then they take out . 
  [ link in german again ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000037209653/auslaender-zahlen-mehr-ins-sozialsystem-ein-als-sie-erhalten ) change the face and structure of your cities the face of cities has always changed . 
  i dont know exactly what you mean by that . 
  when the first coffee houses opened in the 18th century the face of the cities changed , when the ( american idea of ) supermarkets destroyed open air markets , the face of our cities changed , when the italians , greek and chinese came and brought their food and shops , the face changed . 
  belive me we can live with the change . 
   and stain the streets in the native european peoples blood while claiming they will overtake you . 
  so its better if the ira , eta , red briagades , raf and all the others do it ? 
  cause they are native europeans too ? 
  does that change anything ? 
  the reasons are always the same . 
  funnily i live in a country that has a large part of muslim imigrants , mostly from turkey , but also bosnia , iran and to a lesser extend the arabic nations . 
  but no terrorism . 
  no one can ask why - maybe its cause we care for the people , maybe its cause there is a working social net or maybe its because we make them feel at home and thus there is no need to find outlets of violence to get themselves heard . 
   what made you europeans become so suicidal ? 
  i dont see any notion that we are . 
  thats just in your fantasy . 
  a fantasy born in a country that just made a step back in social security so big that if anyone in europe would even speak it out loud they could say good bye to their political career ( and probably kill a large part of their party too )  is it just the decades of indoctrination and guilt over ww2 ? 
  why would i feel guilt over ww2 ? 
  and i am from one of the states that caused it . 
  i wish my granddad would feel some sort of guilt - but he also sleeps sound at night . 
   is it some sort of hatred of your own culture and people ? 
  my culture ? 
  who gives you the right to judge my culture ? 
  my culture which was always been on the crossroads of europe , which incorporate customs , language , food from all over europe , the balkans , and parts of the middle east ? 
   i 'm seriously curious , why do you support the irreversible demographic shift that will leave your countries unrecognizable within half a century ? 
  the demographic change that is happening by immigrant woman who get less kids then the native population ? 
  really ? 
  how will that work out ? 
   why do europeans hate europe ? 
  see we love europe . 
  we live in europe . 
  we know about its strengths and it weak spots . 
  you dont love europe - you love the idea of europe . 
  the idea of europe your grandparents traveled in in the 50ies . 
  i have news for you - this europe doesnt exist anymore . 
  if it ever existed at all . 
  there was an exhibition a few years ago in the museum i worked in - `` old vienna , the city which never existed '' - about how things are getting remembered and how the memory is often distorted from the reality . 
  how we remember balls , and oppulant coffee houses , and magnificent parades but forget the squalor , the illness , the people who shared beds cause they couldnt afford places to live in . 
  and i am getting more and more the idea that you and people like you have the same distortion of the past on their mind - that everything was better , brighter , greener in the past - which is simply not true - and dont get me wrong - i doubt that everything is greener , brighter and better in the future - but that doesnt mean that i will revert into some kind of hedgehog like state of fear and cowering due to the problems of the future . 
  i know that all i wrote wont change your mind . 
  i just hope that maybe - just maybe you start to see the future not as a hopeless place . 
  but then again who am i kidding . 
  gladly that 's not up to you to decide, 
  he is right - and better admit that this is how it is - especially given that most terrorism is europe is commited by our own citizens . 
  they have an election next week -, 
  not really . 
  if you fill out the forms right , and if you have the documents they want then its a pretty straightforward process . 
  like getting a visa for the usa if you are not able to use the visa waiver program . 
  what makes it complicated is that there is basically no help from the russian side . 
  when i went there the first time i filled out a form wrong / not fully and all i got was `` thats wrong '' - i asked what was wrong and got `` thats wrong '' - took me a bit to find the reason for the `` wrong '' .
