so what is more important for you ? 
  decent health care or more nuclear power station in the neighborhood - do n't get me wrong - but healthcare for you and your family should be the question of how your power is generated by far, 
  austria too - but very very seldom . 
  thing is psychoanalysis stretches over years with 3 - 5 sessions a week . 
  there are nowadays treatment methods that are just a lot more cost effective . 
  that would surprise me . 
  i mean that it is not practiced at all . 
  there is actually a [ school ] ( http://www.amp-nls.org/ ) ( ? ), 
  for psychoanalysis in belgium . 
  and the [ belgian society for psychoanalysis ] ( http://www.psychanalyse.be/ ) might be that its not paid for by the belgian health service . 
  but that is often the case cause psychoanalysis is a very expansive treatment method due to the time and duration involved . 
  actually no : psychoanalysis is still a valid psychatric treatment method but much less used then it was when it was developed - mainly due to the development of more specialised psychatric treatment methods . 
  what gives you the guarantee that any of those forces will really destroy isis and not cut a ( temporary ) deal with the for personal power gains . 
  just as an example : at the moment the fsa is an enemy of isis - but what if they find an agreement with them to leave them a part of syria for help against asad , and isis is willing to honor that agreement ( for the time being ) - unprobable ? 
  yes , impossible - in the current situation in syria / northern iraq ? 
  and that is the problem with leaving this fight on the ground to the locals imho . 
  alliances shift too fast to be able to really say who will fight who and who is an ally and who is an enemy ( and will stay so for the time being ) . 
  oh absolutley - i am not a fan of this and i think that those processes , although they have a place , should not be used in a free trade agreement between states with a balanced and working judical system . 
  i just hate it when random cases are quoted ( most often the most outrages ones ) and the results are not given . 
  i am fully aware of this - the question still stands - how did those cases end . 
  what was the outcome of those cases ? 
  i can sue anyone for anything - the result would be interesting, 
  that sounds like a pretty normal buisness deal to me -, 
  depending on the season - in winter the med can be a hellhole since different weather systems tend to crush together over it, 
  smuggling woman into europe is way more profitable then smuggling men . 
  this is why you dont see woman on those boats . 
  woman get fake passports , flights to europe , and are then used as forced prostitutes for 1 - 3 years after which they are usually repatriated to their homelands by european governments . 
  during the time they work here they earn 5000 - 10000 $ per month for their smugglers . 
  ( without ever seeing any profits for themselves ) . 
  some manage to stay here and of those some repeat the circle by going back to their homelands and `` hiring '' new talent for the prostitution rings . 
  men on the other hand can only work as cheap labor on the fields or as salespersons for touristy crap . 
  thus no one helps them and they take the much more dangerous and difficult way via the sahara dessert and the mediterranean . 
  my english is pretty good , puns and figures if speech included - but i ca n't know them all , 
  honestly ? 
  i just wanted to say that god is lazy, 
  our flood barriers are up to a higher standard - god was just going for the low hanging fruit, 
  the danube flows through austria - god jut missed the country he wanted to smite or our floor barriers are just up to a higher standard - hmm does that mean we are god proof ? 
  a lot of reasons - all named - but i think the main one is lower social acceptance of drunk driving in general and in the main risk group ( young drivers ) especially . 
  when i was 18 it was `` normal '' to drive drunk or at least after drinking - not doing it and you got ridiculed - today it is a lot less acceptable . 
  hmm ? 
  if i interpret the map posted on top correctly - then estonia will loose maybe 5 - 10 hectare of land . 
  probably it will be a 0 sum game . 
  no `` huge portions of land '' will be lost by this treaty, 
  so basically they just produce more there and less in ch . 
  well jobs gone , goal accomplished . 
  ah got that wrong , 
  lots of people left lithuania - but a lot of those also come back again . 
  leaving everything behind and settling outside of ones native land forever is something very few european immigrants do - especially if they just move for work . 
  so i should let them voice their opinion - but i have to shut up when i do n't agree with this opinion ? 
  and no - the eu should invoke the guillotine clause which will hurt the swiss economy . 
  plus - the swiss can do whatever they want - but they have to love with the consequences - cherry picking the stuff they like in treaties is just not going to work . 
  so i should let them voice their opinion - but i have to shut up when i do n't agree with this opinion ? 
  and no - the eu should invoke the guillotine clause which will hurt the swiss economy . 
  plus - the swiss can do whatever they want - but they have to love with the consequences - cherry picking the stuff they like in treaties is just not going to work . 
  its a nestle product - but as you state yourself - nestle is a bad example as a whole . 
   you 're not taking into account most trade wars are tit-for-tat . 
  i know - but the 6 % in trade that will partly be lost ( not totally just partly ) will not hurt the eu in total . 
  switzerland is bound to loose more and sooner or later its population will accept that . 
  might be later though . 
   i 'm not swiss , but that is just plain wrong no actually i am right . 
  lets just look at the examples you gave . 
   two of the worlds largest pharmaceutical companies are swiss true - and as soon as they start the feel that their products `` made in ch '' are less cost competitive ( due to renewed certification for example needed to sell in the eu ) they will ramp up their production in the eu plants and cool down production in their swiss plants . 
  those are multinationals . 
  they are not bound by borders where they produce and in large parts the infrastructure is already in place . 
   nestle the same in food . 
  of the 340.000 employees of nestle 8900 work in switzerland . 
  nearly half of those 9000 work in the hq and research divisions in switzerland . 
  so if it gets harder to sell swiss made nesquik in baden w\u00fcrttemberg - they will simply ship french made there . 
  the bottom line wont be touched . 
   switzerland spends the same amount of its gdp on r&d as germany , so there are a lot of research based companies there as well absolutley true . 
  but if you look at the why that is - you will find that ch profited extremly from several eu programs which they were part of so far . 
  programs in which swiss participation or the negotiation about that have already been shelved as a result of this vote . 
  if it stays like that expect this ratio to go down south pretty fast . 
   but switzerland does produce things . 
  never said that they dont . 
  i said that a lot of the stuff they do produce is mass produced and can be produced in the eu as well . 
  nobody is doing it now since the swiss have the market cornered . 
  but if they cant offer their services to a competitive price anymore - well lets just say that new options arise . 
   do you expect me to have a full list of swiss products ? 
  no that would be ridiculous . 
  but lets have a look at the examples you gave . 
   switzerland is leading in tunnel construction not so much . 
  switzerland does built a lot of tunnels . 
  true . 
  the companies that built them are not only swiss though . 
  for example the gotthard base tunnel is built by a consortium of 3 non swiss and 2 swiss companies . 
   exports specialties such as chocolate and cheese so does belgium . 
  plus chocolate exports are 650 mio . 
  $ out of 90 billions . 
  doesnt really count much . 
  and chocolate is not really hard to produce . 
  the last major technological advancement ( and the reason for swiss dominance in this field for a long time ) was the conche - but it was invented / discovered more then 100 years ago . 
  agricultural goods actually account for 1.5 % of the exports to the eu from switzerland . 
  and belive me - if lindt looses buisness from this - they will start the produce `` as good as swiss chocolate '' in the eu . 
   is an important manufacturer of medical products and chemicals absolutely no doubt about that . 
  but chemicals can be produced anywhere in the eu . 
  and when it comes to pharmaceuticals - if the guillotine clause is invoked they have to be recertified in the eu - a long and expansive endeavour . 
  so why should roche and all the others not just produce in the eu and get rid of that pesky little problem . 
   their research and development in all kinds of areas is outstanding . 
  true - but as we speak here it seems that the eu already has stopped negotiation for the horizon program with switzerland .
