  not calling names . 
  so why do we need landfill or incinerators : simple - nobody recycles everything : for comparison : switzerland has the [ highest recycling rate of the world ] ( http://www.cpmfg.com/2012/04/11/the-best-recycling-programs-in-the-us-around-the-world-infographic/ ) . 
  only a few cities in the us and worldwide do better . 
  switzerland has a rate of 52 % . 
  that means 48 % of the trash is not or can not be recycled . 
  italy has a recycling rate of about 30 - 40 % depending on the type of trash . 
  especially mixed household trash . 
  so you need to put this somewhere . 
  or burn it . 
  well ok no incinerators . 
  so landfills . 
  great that makes things better . 
  i guess you also dont want them in or around parma . 
  its to nice there ( agriculture and so ) - lets just ship it ... hmmm where ... well ... germany ? 
  ( they burn it there ) or down south where it gets illegally dumped by the mafia controlled companies . 
  really a good solution . 
  vienna is in the middle of the marchfeld ? 
  what do you think they produce there ? 
  coal ? 
  d\u00fcrnrohr incinerator / powerplant is in the tullnerfeld - the second big aggricultural area around vienna . 
  and if it makes money ? 
  so what ? 
  no sorry - but i know talking with a nimby is pointless . 
  just accept that it will be built , it will not lower your life expectancy , or quality of live and get on with it . 
  no i do n't think that parma only produces agricultural products . 
  but i refuse to believe that any of those products / factories / whatever is put at danger by an incinerator which is run on european standards . 
  and if a medical factory next to an incinerator cant keep their production lines clean then maybe they should n't produce medicine at all . 
  cause if they cant do that , then even exhaust immions from cars are a problem . 
  so sorry . 
  this is classic nimbyism . 
  nothing else . 
  and i know the solution that many north italians will propose : built it in the south . 
  what that leads to was shown further down in this thread cause the italian south cant get its mafia problem under control . 
  which means they would probably built the incinerator , then bury the trash in some remote site and let it rot . 
  but then again the north italians do n't really mind - out of sight , out of mind . 
  i love italy . 
  i enjoy being there enormously and it is a great country . 
  but at the same time its one of the most dysfunctional countries in europe . 
  and if the italians do n't get their shit together at one point i do n't see a bright future for large parts of the country . 
  rant end . 
  well that happens if you dispose of hazardous trash without precautions and just dump it somewhere . 
  and in vienna we all die from the polution ? 
  or what is your point ? 
  and sorry - but parma ham will not get any better / worse from a trash incinerator then as it is now . 
  especially since i hope that the pigs are not kept in the city anyways . 
  or you are saying that they cant built / use / keep the immisons within / under the legal limits . 
  or that the limits are too high . 
  but that is a totally different problem . 
  or you are saying that the parmese ( ? ), 
  are not producing any trash and so its not needed ... 
  reminds me of two articles a few years ago in `` die krone '' in austria : first one - muslims guy kills his girlfriend cause she slept with other guys - honor killing . 
  next one - austria ( i guess catholic ) kills his wife cause she wants to leave him ( plus the kids ) - family tragedy, 
  there was a similar case here a few days ago - there a mom beat her kid to death with a bible !, 
  so it 's even 1:1 - let 's say it like that : fundamentalism and living your religion through your kids sucks - no matter what religion . 
  which is something i do n't really get . 
  we have 3 in the city ( vienna ) and nobody really complained . 
  one is even in a quite well off area . 
  so property prices ca n't be the whole story . 
  i guess it 's the mafia that incities the nimbys - and then gets its hands on the trash disposal which has to go on way of another . 
  last time i had to pay the fine for not having a bus ticket in bukarest instead of paying 40lei or so to the guy . 
  if you ca n't even bribe the bus control guys anymore - it shows that the country as a whole became less corrupt . 
  ah thats not true - i am from austria and we have all kinds of blessings too - cars , bikes , public buildings and so on - i think the big difference is the looks of the priests . 
  austrian catholic priests maybe wear the shawl for a blessing like that , maybe a frock - but not the whole major outfit that the eastern priests wear when blessing things . 
  i think it would be a lot easier for france to get snowden out of russia then for ecuador assange out of its embassy in the uk . 
  the problem is that assange would have to cross british territory to the port / airport - snowdon only has to cross russian territory and then fly over eu airspace . 
  depending on the airline you can look it up in their website or you just search the for the registration ( read it from the aircraft itself or have a look at www.flightaware.com ) - you should find all relevant information about the aircraft - production date , previous owners and so on . 
  but yeah - 24 years is old - but if well maintained ( and lh / german wings are sticklers for that ) it should n't be a problem - i would be more scared to fly with a much younger jet on a unknown asian / south american / african airline then a 24 year old jet owned and cared for by any western european / american airline, 
  its a lufthansa group airline - they safe at a lot of places but lh group has never saved at security and so far have / had a very good track record when it comes to the operational saftey of their planes . 
  personally - i would n't worry - i know it sounds bad when i say it, 
  its right here :  most of the workers in bangladeshi garment factories are women and most are paid at the minimum legal wage of 5,300 takas a month ( about # 48 ) . 
  that is 23p an hour on an eight-hour , six-day , week . 
  it is a fifth of the # 230 a month estimated by the asia floor wage alliance to be the minimum required for a living wage back in 2013 . 
  i think it sounds even worse - 23p can be a lot depending on buying power . 
  it might even be enough to live on in some areas of the world . 
  but 20 % of a living wage ? 
  that sounds like hunger and malnutrition and robber barons living of the poorest ( which is what we are basically doing ), 
  they say it in the article - those guys make 48 pounds a month - minimum living wage in bangladesh is 230 pounds a month . 
  the people who earn that are mostly woman who do it as supplementary income for their families . 
  does n't change the fact that they are paid as bad as it gets, 
  well i am glad that not all cities look like bucharest . 
  the old city is nice - the outskirts around - not so much, 
  there is still a lot left actually - a lot of old houses still exist and need to be fixed up . 
  i doubt that drilling a hole in an empty dessert with a well understood geology would make saudi oil much more expensive then drilling a hole for fracking including all the needed equipment . 
  ever heard the way `` example '' and yes i have made it up on the spot - could have used capitals of the provinces vs capitals of european cities - but henna it would n't have fit as well, 
  well there are 1.3 billion chinese - there must be some who have an interest in western culture - and a lot who do n't . 
  same as i ca n't tell you the flag colors of xianxing province ( hope it 's written like that ) but some europeans will be able to, 
  chriskind is more of an austrian influence then german . 
  so the area around krak\u00f3w probably has it more then anywhere else, 
  in this case pretty easily - there is no road there just airline services and ships . 
  so if you do n't have a special permit to go there ( or a russian / belorussian passport ) they wo n't let you on the plane . 
  otherwise - a fence and gates do the job quite well, 
  no you ca n't ( source working for an airline ) upgrades are handed out by a lot of things but not by `` you have no seat here have an upgrade '' and yes business class will be filled up before we fly empty - cause otherwise we would have to pay compensation instead for just some food, 
  that is actually legal ( it 's overbooking ) and depending on how much you are arriving later you are entitled to a compensation payment of up to 600 $ . 
  but all airlines do this - source : working for an airline, 
  lets be honest here - it was n't an austrian who killed a certain throne heir . 
  if we do n't invest into integrative measures - yes . 
  but that costs money - and who wants to spend money on people who will for sure leave the country again in a few years ... 
  it is a good reason to finally work hard and invest to integrate the refugees , migrants , whoever who comes to europe and accept that those people will come one way or another . 
  and not just lock them away in the banlieus like the french have done and hope that the problem solves itself . 
  because the french put them in the banlieu , did n't offer any help for integration in the last 40 years and made it extremely hard for the people born there to escape a life of poverty .
