   better financial regulation ( that earns this name ) for lower agrarian subsidies . 
  was what i said above . 
  are there areas where less regulation might lead to a higher success rate ? 
  sure . 
  but if the british want to get rid of cap subsidies - then they will have to bring something big on the table . 
  and that would be regulation of the financial sector in the european union . 
  they do n't have much more to bargain with . 
   says who ? 
  [ the europeans ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/euro-finance/eurobarometer-support-stronger-r-news-506906 ), 
  but apparently that is not what most europeans want - so you do n't want regulation - ok - there is the door - get out have fun . 
  but well we both know that the cowardly uk government does n't want that - and this the referendum in 2017 . 
  that is what a compromise is . 
  france looses cap money . 
  ( as wished for by the uk ) by reform , the uk hast to better regulate the financial sector . 
  ( if we stay at the example ) . 
  france is very happy at the moment with its cap money . 
  the uk is very happy with its financial sector . 
  make both unhappy . 
  that is the only chance . 
  simple - step up pressure - `` if france gives up strasbourg we give up 10 % of the thatcher rebate '' and you ll see very fast how public opinion will switch from evil uk to evil france . 
  other examples ? 
  better financial regulation ( that earns this name ) for lower agrarian subsidies . 
  and that is just what comes to my mind while watching tv and being on my phone . 
  i guess there is a lot more . 
  same as the uk does . 
  sorry to tell you . 
  the main difference is that the uk ( or at least large parts of the population / politicians ) want to see the eu as a big free trade zone with little to no other political integration . 
  france wants that integration . 
  at least to a much broader degree then the uk and that is the difference . 
  and if the uk would also accept the need for that - then it would be able to force several bitter pills down france 's throat . 
  but at the moment ? 
  whatever bad policies france want to keep they can say : well ya - sure that is in our interest - but at least we are not so selfish as the british are . 
  and that in short is the reason why the uk should get in or out - and fast . 
  but if they want to get out then they should get out completely , or if they want to get in they have to support a broader unification of europe . 
  but this half in half out way they do at the moment - it 's bullshit, 
  i have a friend who works for a european mp and he and the mp hate it . 
  it takes time , is stressy , they have to live in a hotel for the time being in strassburg and so on . 
  except for the french mps ( and even not that many of them ) no one really likes it . 
  its just that france is getting into a frenzy everytime someone says that this system should stop . 
  isnt that from a mussolini speech ? 
  weird . 
  well you got a cut in the thatcher rebate . 
  well its not belgium directly . 
  its wages , maintenance and so on . 
  yeah - but that would cost much more - a zivildiener gets 400-500 $ a month ( basically foot allowance ) . 
  so yes - the current system is a a form of slavery . 
  just that it 's allowed slavery cause its connected with military service which exempted from the forced labour statute in the european human rights convention . 
  i think it is pretty energy efficient - since they do n't heat up any water but use ground water that already has the right temperature . 
  i guess it 's just very expansive to install the system . 
  its definitely not in the quoran - so more traditional legend then anything else . 
  but point is that cats are treated as the favorite pet of the prophet and in quite high regard in muslim countries / by muslims . 
  there is even a brand of halal cat food in great britain . 
  not dog food though . 
  cats are loved - even the prophet once cut of the sleeve of his shirt , cause a cat was sleeping on it - at least if i remember correctly, 
  well in romania they settled in the richest regions full of natural resources - i doubt that wind was one when they first started there though  but if you look into the ex austrian-hungarian portion of romania you ll find that the germans there settled in an agricultural treasure trove . 
  does n't work like that normally . 
  residency is one part of determining where you pay your taxes . 
  but it 's not the only part . 
  we have the concept of `` center of live '' in austria . 
  meaning that you have to pay taxes where you actually spend most of your time . 
  there was this case were some guy thought he was very clever , bought a flat in monaco , and filed his taxes there - basically the revenue service started to look through his bills and bank / credit card accounts - turns out he is in monaco maybe 2 weeks per year and the rest in austria . 
  so they taxed him and fined him for tax evasion . 
  i imagine that similar laws exist all over europe . 
  so if the french guy loves i a hotel in paris for more the . 
  180 days - it 's bed . 
  likely that they will tax him in france and not belgium . 
   so , you say that we have to get rid of this stuff somehow , but how come we have to burn trash , in amounts above the necessary , right in the middle of an important food production area ? 
  so where do you want to put your trash . 
  you still havent answered that . 
  even the 14.000 tons that are left over with ideal recycling . 
  ok not in an important agricultural area . 
  what is left ? 
  mountains ? 
  directly on the coast ? 
  larger cities ? 
  poor areas ? 
  rich areas ? 
  sorry but they all have reasons for `` please not here '' . 
  sorry but what you are saying is classic nimbyism `` please not here , its not needed , it ruins the lanscape , its dangerous for the agriculture , it lowers property values , it ruins the view , it does x , it does y '' please not in my back yard that is what you are saying . 
  so again : where do you want to put the trash that is left after recycling ? 
  its not an argument against recycling . 
  its just looking reality in the eye . 
  and that reality is that even the best recycling programs available at the moment manage at the max a 80 - 90 % recycling rate . 
  that means that 10 - 15 % will still have to be disposed of in some other way . 
  and that means ( given todays technology ) burning it or a landfill . 
  there is no other option . 
  italians produced about [ 500 kg of trash per year / person ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country/it-italy/env-environment ) in 2000 ( i doubt it got significantly less ) . 
  so even if we apply the 85 % top rate that leaves 75 kg . 
  of trash per person per year ( in reality as shown above its about 300 kg ) . 
  which means that a city like parma would still produce 14.000 tons of trash per year which is not going to be recycled . 
  ( in reality its more like 56.000 tons ) so question : where do you put that . 
  and if you say `` well we simply have to recycel 100 % - sure i agree . 
  but its not gon na happen soon . 
  and in italy with its 35 % recycling rate ( on average ) even the 80 % are not going to happen soon . 
  this is the reality . 
  and reality says : you need to put this trash somewhere . 
  and while i agree that the locations should be well chooses to have an catchment area as large as possible - an incinerator in an medium sized city , built in the industrial center of this city is not a problem . 
  nimby is an acronym for `` not in my backyard '' and that is what you are saying . 
  not here - not in parma , please not here . 
  its a factual statement .
