  my ex was romanian and although she was a very responsible girl wen it came to sex and contraceptives this carefulness was gone . 
  it came to weird situations were she basically said `` lets fuck '' and i said `` we ca n't cause no condoms '' and she responded with `` no worries abortions are cheap '' - well not word for word - but that 's the mindset . 
  it 's just a totally different view on the whole abortion debate that is going on there . 
  except of poland - but that is a very special case on itself . 
  i would not trust the data on austria . 
  there are no offical numbers on abortions and no studies of the subject . 
  it 's is not covered by health insurance ( except in medical emergencies ) - and the private providers do n't have to ( and do not afaik ) report any numbers . 
  cause it 's basically a rural country with one semi large city . 
  rural areas tend to be more conservative anyways and luxembourg has just the quirk that there is not big , liberal city to counterbalance it did to its size, 
  no stigmatization of abortion and a lack of sex education . 
  it is really seen as another form of birth control and not as an emergency exit way out of a pregnancy as it is in the west . 
  personals i would go by train . 
  ( or plane but that is less fun ) there are two routes you can take : one is berlin - frankfurt - munich - innsbruck - bolzano - florence - rome ( for example ) - its nice but the german stretch is quite boring but innsbruck and munich are worth to get off - plus alps which are cool to go through . 
  te second one is berlin - prague - vienna - graz - venice - florence - rome . 
  if you have time i would go with this one . 
  stop in prague and vienna for a day or two , maybe in graz and venice too . 
  it 's a pretty route and goes over the semmering bahn a world cultural heritage sight with pretty views . 
  or you fly : if book early enough you should be able to get flights with major airlines to rome , naples , milan , genoa for about 100 - 150 $ and to smaller cities - florence , pisa , venice , for example for 200 - 250 . 
  maybe even less if you use a low cost carrier . 
  not sure that they are austrian to be honest . 
  but few food we cherish us besides the cakes ... 
  i would also suggest apfelstrudel and pumpkin soup / pumpkin oil for the salad bar ... but that 's just the styrian in me speaking, 
  so history goes in circles after all ... 
  doesnt surprise me . 
  it broke down after 89 completely if i am not wrong and it just gets slowly reestablished - mainly as light industry though . 
  so no heavy steel works and so on . 
  in a way i would see it positively . 
  what really amazes me is that a small city with heavy industry ( linz in austria for example 250.000 inhabitants , home to steel and chemical industry ) can cause a lot more pollution then a city of 2 millions ( vienna ) . 
  yeah we did that - read the wiki about karl heinz grasser to see why that is not such a good idea . 
  oh btw he is now accused to not have paid taxes on nearly 5 million euros he earned after his stint as minister - and several corruption cases are still in the pipeline . 
  ok old age is not guarantee that some wo n't take bribes and so on - but for someone who is not settled in anyway a post like this can easily look like the candy land - and he had the keys to it . 
  the sentencing is not harsh in any way i would say . 
  and about drunk driving : if you just drive drunk without hitting anyone or anything - big fine . 
  you loose your license and thats it . 
  if you get caught again you might not be allowed to have a license at all anymore . 
  but no jail if you dont hurt / damage anyone . 
  stealing is more tricky : depending on what you steal and so on . 
  but as far as i know - if its a first offence and you just steal a perfume or something you generally dont end up in prison . 
  you get a fine - generally in form of `` x times what you earn on a day '' - if you cant pay that you might end up in prison after all . 
  sentencing is generally done in context with the severity of the crime . 
  they are not going to jail . 
  we do n't put people in jail for anything less then a sentence of a year and even that is rare and would need a criminal history . 
  they will pay the fine , will pay the flight itself and that 's it . 
  and yeah - have a criminal record in austria . 
  black woman enters shop - is refused service since all black woman are too poor to buy expansive stuff - racism . 
  shopkeeper not caring for black woman - ignoring her - telling her to piss off cause any reason - shopkeeper being a cunt . 
  see the difference ? 
  nice - the world for rape in polish is a german loanword ... 
  the last one is bothering you since that michael jackson visit right ? 
  given that they are shipped by container and a container contains hindered if not thousands or pairs of jeans a price increase of 10 $ to ship from hamburg to vienna is just too much . 
  its better in german - and with a viennese accent  but my point is that the people were well known - or at least their presence was well known . 
  as a native : yes you have - but stop for a second , sit at the mq or on the old danube and just enjoy it - and suddenly you see that this is one of the best cities to live in when it comes to the quality of live, 
  i think this only goes for out of towners - we natives are immune, 
  there is this joke about them in vienna : victor adler meets with count esterhazy and the talk about politics . 
  esterhazy tells adler that he fears for an anti zarist revolution in russia !, 
  and victor alder answers : and who should make this revolution - mr bronstein ( trotzy ) who sits at the cafe central !, 
  spain 's construction sector is baaad - spanish fashion on the other side is pretty healthy . 
  that is the best then - vienna - prague is 3 hours by car i think and about the same to krumlov, 
  might be possible but shitty expansive . 
  so not the perfect option - but the bus system is pretty good and there are trains to the bigger cities . 
  but all in all it 's easy to come around . 
  no doubt . 
  i know such cases through my gf who is from there . 
  just saying as a tourist you should be fine and have less problems then lets say in albania or belarus ( or even russia and turkey ), 
  its walking in the hills . 
  my gf did it with flip flops or something similar if i remember correctly . 
  i guess you could also do some harder routes but even then - with the right shoes its no problem . 
  for example [ this ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/burg_d%c3%adv%c4%8d%c3%ad_k%c3%a1men ) is nearby and its about 1.5 hours walking there and back again . 
  we did it in an afternoon in summer . 
  what i would suggest though ( if its within budget ) -  rent a car , there is a bunch of stuff there thats easyly available with a car -  just rent it in prague . 
  drive around a few days , bring it back there , go on by train . 
  the center of brno is nice - but its tiny . 
  if you want some place nice to stay go to cesky krumlov . 
  its nearby and a ) its beautiful b ) there are a bunch of hiking opportunities nearby . 
  simple : its not dangerous , but if you start to make out with your boyfriend in st. peters square or the dome then you will get looks , you might get yelled at and probably asked to leave the country - which is luckly just a 100 m stroll down the road . 
  so if you want to make a statement - do the sightseeing first and do it then . 
  i would not put romania in the red group . 
  i have been there with gay friends , and in the major touristic centers we never had a problem . 
  would i be careful as gay couple ? 
  sure . 
  but its not as if you have to be afraid that you will get beaten up if you hold hands in downtown bukarest or looking at sights in sibiu . 
  i didnt want to say that they invented it but that they were the ones ( as far as i know ) who used it extensivly . 
  but yeah - i trust you that it was there before them . 
   who does n't work , dear child , does not need bread you do know that this is communist propaganda against the church and nobility ? 
  this is a [ classic poster ] ( http://www.redavantgarde.com/i/content/284/2/big_4225.jpg ) about that, 
  that is true . 
  especially with the finns for who this was more a partnership of convenience then anything else . 
  but dont forget : this postcard is propaganda . 
  so i would not expect a very realistic picture of the political situation from it . 
  but it was allied with germany ( to a certain extend ) thus is shown here as a member of the `` good '' european states . 
  the old stamps stayed in use as far as i know . 
  just the german troops got to use their own feldpost stamps . 
  in alsac , loraine and luxembourg the french / luxembourgish stamps were replaced by german ones . 
  we definitely feel as a separate nation . 
  there are some remnants that do n't - especially on the far right fringe - but they get less and less the more years pass between ww2 and today . 
  austria : i tip between 5 - 15 % + round up to the next 50 cents / 1 $ marker depends on service , place , and so on in restaurants . 
  there were occasions when i didnt tip . 
  but thats rare . 
  taxi : 10 % + round round up to the next 50 cents / 1 $ marker hairsalon : 2 $ ( but i know that my gf tips a lot more - but then again she takes over and hour to fix , i take 20 minutes incl . 
  washing ),
