  and do n't forget that those people are mainly from the maghreb - so from ex french colonies - whose parents came to france i hope of a better life but who never were allowed to integrate into french society . 
  the rise of islamic extremism is a side effect of that but not the cause . 
  same as the extreme antisemism in germany was a side effect of poverty and a feeling of betrayal and not because all germans were extreme antisemites, 
  it will take a long time - neutrality is one of the founding corner stones of austria - and it served us well during the cold war years ( even though it always was a neutrality light - there was / is a listening post operated for the cia in eastern austria ) and as for security . 
  what kind of security ? 
  internal one or external ? 
  the big fear that came out of the refugee crisis were internal security fears - meaning more crime , less wealth or loss of social standards . 
  but those are all subjects for the police - i honestly ca n't remember an attack by an isis sleeper like in paris for example . 
  us being rather unimportant and small make us a less interesting target . 
  so bolstering the armed forces for that is seen as useless and not necessary - the police is rather interesting there . 
  and for external security ? 
  well there we have neutrality right ? 
  who would even think of attaching austria ? 
  at least that 's how the thought goes . 
  the idea of a more realistic policy of european defense cooperation is not really welcome here . 
  why should auszrian soldiers fight and die for what is seen as a french war in mali ? 
  ( even though they basically defend european interests there ) and until this idea that , that we are and island which can keep out of the problems of the world , changes - we wo n't support an european army . 
  and i think this will be a slow and painful process, 
  cause we have this weird notion that we are a `` neutral '' country which would not be drawn into any major international conflict cause everybody would respect our neutrality ... 
  it 's complete and utter bullshit but that is what people believe here . 
  but until people realize that a ) we are not a neutral county anymore and that b ) security lies in numbers - this idea wo n't change, 
  ok again - they used legal loopholes - the 1 billion which is missing is not fraudulently missing - it 's missing due to the use of loopholes - loopholes which need to be closed - but at the moment they are not illegal . 
  thus it 's not fraud . 
  i am not a fan of it - and i think that those loopholes need to be closed - better today then tomorrow . 
  but at the moment - i would n't and could not call it fraud . 
  even though i agree that it is very close to that, 
  i have been traveling a lot in romania with their trains and have n't seen anything like this - they were clean , on time and more or less comfy . 
  at least on the bukarest - sibiu/brasov/sighisoara routes, 
  it 's not really fraud - it 's using loopholes in the tax code - loopholes that wo n't be fixed since it would need concentrated effort of all countries against it . 
  on mobile did n't see :( sorry - it was just too close to what leavers say, 
  yeah - workers rights - only for the proles - fuck them right ? 
  while i tend to agree with you i also understand the romanian people - for a significant amount of the 20th century their religion was basically outlawed or hindered , their houses of worship destroyed . 
  wanting to replace them and thus recreating a state that `` has been '' is understandable in my opinion . 
  the cathedral that was there was destroyed by cheaucescu when he built his `` house of the people '', 
  because - romania has lots of schools and a good standard of education . 
  but is a also a very religious country who 's main cathedral was destroyed by a communist dictator . 
  and 40 million $ is not really that much in the grand scheme of things . 
  the problem is that hunting a non threatend species for throphies can end in major damage for said species since there is an incentive to hunt more then there should be hunted for . 
  by not allowing throphies to be taken you take this incentive out and just hunt for population control . 
  which might or might mit be necessary based on the population of the predators, 
  trump has the best words !, 
  no - britain needs a favorable trade deal fast then the eu does - as such the eu is in a better bargaining position . 
  meaning that they will do anything to keep this position . 
  it would be stupid not to . 
  giant banks are evil but they do pay taxes . 
  taxes that will be missed in the case that they move . 
  this does n't abolish the need to get them under more stringent control though - it 's just two completely different sides of a medal, 
  yes the people - and that is the problem - it 's hard to sell people that they have to pay 40-50 % of their income in taxes when corporations get away with pay less then the already low corporate tax rates . 
  it 's a tax on profit - not on revenue - yes they will make less profit after taxes . 
  but it wo n't make the uncompetitive or loose money - they might raise prices to get back on their profits to where they were sure - but then people might go to the next fast food joint down the street if mcd is getting too expansive . 
  a bit of extra cash never hurts - but no - the real reason is a bit more complicated . 
  the governments who did those deals were mostly conservatives / social democrats . 
  and since both parties made them when they were in power no one said something against it . 
  the political landscape in europe became a lot more fractured though in the last few years - with the rise of the green parties and especially the right wing populist parties . 
  those parties see those deals as a point of attack against the ruling governments - with different reasonings - the greens want that money to go into renewables , social projects , the populists want tax breaks ( and lots of other those are just examples ) so what happens - given that those deals become more and more a political problem ( especially in times of austerity ) and since those deals often took a life of their own since inception - nearly everybody is now against them - the conservatives have it the most difficult to justify their turn around though - so it 's a lot more complicated then just `` the system is breaking down they need money hurr durr '', 
  trees, 
  and then we expect them to pay their taxes - yeah sure that 's gon na happen, 
  i do n't have a problem with tighter controls as in `` only you and your immediate family can use those tickets '' i do n't think there need to be any other type of control . 
  and if they are stuck they are stuck - bad luck . 
  i am from europe and was stuck in bkk a few years ago - took the long way via hnd and jfk home - but in the end it was my problem and my problem alone, 
  if you know what you are doing its easy - if you dont - well bad news for you, 
  you are aware that those are standby - non revenue tickets ? 
  right ? 
  why should i as staff of an airline , who knows the risks , who knows the booking situation not be allowed to travel in high season on my own risk since some idiots sold their granny tickets without apprently telling them that the risk of being offloaded is quite high . 
  again - those are not normal tickets . 
  they are not available to the public and should only be used by people who a ) know what they are b ) have a general understanding of how they work . 
  those are non rev tickets - it 's your risk if you use them or not . 
  the airlines does n't care - why should they - it 's your risk - you are not a paying customer . 
  i work for an european airline wie overbook - it just depends in the route - nearly none to nrt and always 10 over or so to the north america routes - and if we pay out one capacity that 's a lot . 
  it 's just stupid to fly non rev in summer with a family ticket - you will get a lower priority then the actual staff - so for example on a 17 grade scale staff had 12 - you have 13 or lower . 
  meaning if seats are available the staff will get them before you no matter how the flight looks like . 
  a 3 month work visit gave me a better understanding of life in iran and its people then someone who has n't been there and has severe problems differentiating between arabs and iranians, 
  i have been lured by the expats ? 
  damn must have met only expats during my 3 months stay in laristan . 
  my little puppet ? 
  i am a christian living in europe . 
  what i am saying is that just cause someone is iranian it does n't automatically make him a muslim fanatic . 
  oh and yes iran is an islamic republic - more democratic then most countries in the area although not comparable with israel or western nations . 
  and with a young population that is more westernized then any nation in the area . 
  but it wo n't matter to you . 
  you see it as a muslim nation - case closed - the same as you see all nations in the area as `` arab '' - so basically you have no idea about the region , it 's people , and it 's politics - but you scream around . 
  btw when was the last time the hezbollah staged any terrorist attack in europe ? 
  especially a non targeted terror attack like that ? 
  what it does n't do that ? 
  please sing compare apples to oranges . 
  just cause someone is a muslim and kills people does n't automatically make him a terrorist on the payroll of the is or since he probably was shia the hezbollah . 
  he was iranian - not arab . 
  learn the difference - especially the different sect of islam he belonged to . 
  the only source for the allah u akbar cries is cnn - no german speaking newspaper brought that , no one in the police claim that . 
  only cnn . 
  might be that they are wrong . 
  i work at an airport - they are harmless, 
  but the eu does recognize swiss sovereignty - it just does n't accept that the swiss can break a treaty without consequences . 
  the negotiations have been running for about 2 years with no results . 
  the only thing that changed is that the swiss found out now - or got more assured - that the position of the eu wo n't change . 
  and what will the swiss do ? 
  boycott cheese trade with the eu ? 
  please do that - would be nice to see the tax evaders get punished for that too . 
  would ruin a significant share of the swiss banking industry - but hey - most of the people in the eu wo n't mind, 
  lord palmerstone once said - `` england has no eternal friends , england has no perpetual enemies , england has only eternal and perpetual interests '' .
