  and the same is valid here . 
  the eu had an interest in having free movement of labor for its citizens , so it 's defying and extending this right for them . 
  nothing else matters . 
  well from what i understand and have read the `` negotiations '' consist of switzerland telling the eu `` we would like that '' and the eu telling them `` not gon na happen '' and that basically since 3 years, 
  ok maybe sinking like a stone was a bit of a hyperbole - but tariffs are not the only things that would come back - import quotas and a bunch of other things come to mind . 
  let 's just say that tariffs are the least problematic of those things . 
  but that is the deal . 
  they knew this . 
  there is a guillotine clause in all those treaties they signed . 
  they knew that they ca n't have one without the other . 
  the deals itself are the compromise - they have good things and they have bad things - and some non - negotionable things . 
  and the swiss voted against one of those non negotionable things - and as such the whole construct is falling apart . 
  would i personally prefer if that was not the case ? 
  absolutely . 
  but they created facts . 
  so now they got ta live with it . 
  i think the eu understand that fully - but they will just now bow to the will of 1.4 million people in switzerland who crossed yes in the referendum . 
  sucks for switzerland - but - well bad luck, 
  the swiss have 56 % of their trade with the eu - which country exactly will pick up the slack ? 
  especially 1:1 so that there are no negative effects . 
  assuming this is wishful thinking and nothing else, 
  it is a central part of the eu treaty and of the treaty between switzerland and the eu . 
  the whole eu project is about making europe grow more and more together - and limiting free movement of labor is just not gon na fly in this case . 
  and with the brexit looming on the horizon - the ei will not budge on that . 
  so the swiss have now two options : go through with what 50.3 % voted for and risk loosing all of their agreements with the eu and basically fall back on the status of botswana when it comes to trade with the eu - or find a way to ignore that vote . 
  there is no other way . 
  and as 56 % of their trade is with the eu and would be severely hit by an tariffs / ntbs they are in a very bad negotiating position . 
  the eu is the largest swiss trading partner and the largest market for swiss goods . 
  if they loose free market access their economy will sink like a stone in the water . 
  i do n't know why a lot of people have this idea that small countries can dictate the way they trade with large countries / trading blocks . 
  whatever the swiss produce - it can be produced in the eu too - and if buying from them gets too complicated or too expansive ( for example due to tariffs or ntbs ) then people will not buy them . 
  the eu demands free movement of its people if the swiss want free market access . 
  if they do n't agree to that they will loose it . 
  simple, 
  no it 's in the lisbon treaty which would need all members to vote for a change if they wanted to change it, 
  see that 's the problem for the uk - no tariffs on goods they might even get - since they import a lot from eu countries . 
  no tariffs / free exchange for services - in which they have a trade surplus - is something they wo n't get . 
  and those jobs can be easily transferred out of britain, 
  yeah but sk never shat on the deal they had, 
  absolutly . 
  but that means that those people will have to live with the consequences . 
  so basically back to status quo ante - which is wto membership for both and the rights and rules that come with that - so basically the uk would fall back on one status with botswana . 
  ca n't cherry pick what to get and what not, 
  the bundestag is the legislative body of germany . 
  the reichstag is the building . 
  so the bundestag hold its meetings in the reichstag . 
  european rail transport is centered on moving people - american rail transport is centered on moving goods . 
  the rail systems are built accordingly - including rules for the right of way and so on . 
  it 's just different priorities, 
  ah damn - i am making it worse if i say that they have a fallout shelter with a very sound proof door ? 
  that 's why you built water proof basements as my parents have ( also in austria ) - it 's a tad more expansive but at least they have a cellar, 
  yeah but you will sell less energy in form of oil and gas to other countries if they invest more and more into renewables, 
  didnt see ist in alien blue ... 
  found the austrian, 
  what did the eu actually control ? 
  and that 's a serious question - what is within the agenda of the eu and how does it affect you, 
  since most of the goods and services a eu citizen consumes are sourced in the eu on one hand and since all eu economies are export economies this is not a bad thing . 
  sure sucks if you go to the us for holidays - but economy wise it 's not so bad, 
  only the guys from vorarlberg - but no one understands them anyways, 
  they are catching up and have a young and well educated work force, 
  sounds like every south american country i have been in - especially brazil . 
  i d say it has a lot to do with the culture of `` manliness '' that exists in those countries . 
  you can even trace this mindset back to ancient [ rome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexuality_in_ancient_rome ), 
  scheiss preiss is the correct form, 
  civil law codes . 
  basically how you settle disputes that are not criminal - stating with contracts , inheritance , marriage and so on . 
  there are several judical traditions in europe - the code napoleon - based on a law book published and enacted by napoleon during the french empire , the austro - german tradition - based on the austrian abgb of 1811 and the german bgb of 1900 then there is the scandinavian tradition - which i have no idea what it 's based on to be honest . 
  and then common law which is mainly based on rulings and well tradition then a fixed book of laws ( one might correct me if i am wrong ), 
  which again is based on the austrian abgb and the code napoleon . 
  it 's not that easy - the abgb ( allgemeines b\u00fcrgerliches gesetzbuch ) in austria was developed at the same time as the code napoleon - it was started even sooner in 1771 and enacted in its final form in 1811 . 
  so this predates the bgb ( b\u00fcrgerliches gesetzbuch ) which was developed in the german empire by about 90 years . 
  the bgb was heavily influenced by the abgb and the cn since the cn was the civil law from 1801 onwards and the agbg was the civil law of the austrian empire which still held a lot of influence in the german reich from 1815-1866 . 
  additionally - in 1938-45 the abgb was replaced with the bgb in austria - for obvious reasons - this was reverted after the war but some laws and rules were taken over . 
  so austro-german is probably the best way to describe the civil law that emerged from those roots . 
  the thing is normally they mean things like certain laws , policy decisions with which they dont agree or certain ideas which will get abandoned . 
  in this case those are real criminal cases which have led to convictions for fraud , bribery and so on . 
  what happend here the last time they were in a government went way over `` new ideas in , old ideas out '', 
  well we are still cleaning up the mess the fpo left when they were in government the last time . 
  this includes a 19 billion euro bank loss ( which was insured by the government guarantees - so yes we pay for it ) the `` part of the game '' affaire in which fpo politicians sold ( or at least tried to sell ) citizenships to russian investors , the whole karl heinz grasser affair complex - basically selling public property to an investor for bribes the eurofighter deal - which will never be completely solved since the ovp was also involved and they are still in power and thus able to obfuscate the whole thing pretty well . 
  and nearly countless other smaller corruption affairs - especially in the fpk part of the fpo . 
  those are the ones that come to my mind now - and i have n't even started to look at their failed policies, 
  and how will the president enact such things ? 
  you do know that he has more or less no executive power in daily politics ? 
  you do n't ? 
  why am i not surprised, 
  austrian parliament is at the moment split between 6 parties with 3 major ones ( spo , ovp , fpo ) and 3 smaller ones ( gr\u00fcne , team stronach , neos ) . 
  i think if was less amazing then people thing vdb was well liked across the left spectrum and also within large parts of the liberal conservative voters . 
  he was the best candidate for a extremely polarizing election . 
  and i doubt that the green party would find a similar candidate soon again . 
  if you look at it like that it was an extreme feat but not unexpected, 
  the last time the fp\u00d6 was in a government they fell from over 30 % to under 15 and split up in the process . 
  what shall he do ? 
  he has almost 0 executive power . 
  learn about our political system before you say something - please, 
  it depends so much on the persons - i like american individually - but large tour groups are often full of the most obnoxious individuals . 
  oh and 50ish year old american woman with pearl necklaces and this weird american hair do - i see one of them and i know extra wishes are coming and complaints if they ca n't be fullfilled, 
  do n't order something with tomatoes if you do n't like tomatoes . 
  reminds me about an american in thailand who ordered `` not too spicy '' at a street food vendor - seriously - did the guy think that the vendor in his little cart kitchen will make another batch of sauce ? 
  yeah that did n't happen, 
  was he serious about the bribe ?
