  a program ( which if as successful as its predecessor ) would bring nearly 2.5 x the amount of money to swiss universities and research institutions as the swiss paid into the pot . 
   it 's pretty sweeping and simplified remark to say that we can simply copy these products and do without their r&d . this will also be painful for the eu . 
  we dont have to copy . 
  the products already exist . 
  what will be painful ( for some maybe ) is a bit less competition . 
  but thats it . 
  and when it comes to r&d ? 
  the swiss research facilities are good - no question . 
  but the money that fed them so far stays and will just be redistributed to other institutes within the eu . 
  i wouldnt worry so much about that . 
  please give me a list . 
  or just some examples . 
  of goods that are or can only be produced in switzerland . 
  no doubt that they exist . 
  but they are only a tiny fraction of the 90 billion $ export volume switzerland has to the eu at the moment . 
  but lets have a look at what is the main mass of export goods from ch to the eu . 
  more then 50 % of the export goods fall into this categories : chemicals and related products -  so chemicals produced in large quanties and pharmaceutical products ( which can be produced anywhere in the world and which will have the additional hurdle of eu recertification if it comes to the worst ) manufactured goods classified chiefly by material -  which encompasses everything from simple plastics to high technology goods . 
  there is also office / telecom equipment in this category . 
  while i guess that there will be some companies that produce unique goods in this category most of it can and is produced by other companies in the eu already . 
  machinery and transport equipment : same as above . 
  there might be some swiss companies that produce very specialised goods in this category . 
  but most of it will be run of the mill more or less standard goods that can be bought from numerous sources in the eu . 
  switzerland and swiss goods are not unique . 
  ( well most are not ) and thus can be replaced . 
  headquatered im z\u00fcrich - with subsidaries and factories all over the world . 
  i would n't call it a swiss company - but a classic multinational . 
  in fact of the 150.000 employes abb had in 2013 - only 7000 work in switzerland . 
  and although i dont have the exact numbers - i am pretty sure that a lot of them work at the hq and not in the production . 
  plus - since they have factories all over europe - production can easily outsourced to those factories . 
  but yeah i would not worry about abb - they have the money to keep producing in switzerland and clear the future regulative hurdles that might come up . 
  the companies that will get hit are the usual ones - smes - recertification of their goods so that they can be sold in the eu will be expansive for them and thus hamper their chances to sell to the eu countries . 
  it cant at the moment . 
  or the swiss produce it cheaper . 
  or the market is satisfied and it makes no sense to produce the same goods with the same conditions . 
  but the guillotine clause would also axe several treaties that make the transfer of goods between switzerland cheaper then without the clause . 
  for example bilateral i has an exemption on technical trade barriers for swiss goods that are to be sold in the eu . 
  this means that if the swiss trade offices certify a good in switzerland as safe to use , it does n't need to be rectified in the eu . 
  this would fall . 
  certifications are expansive . 
  this would mean that some ( not all but a lot ) of swiss goods cant be sold in the eu as easy as now . 
  and as fast as now since certifications need time . 
  on the other hand the eu would probably loose with regards to the road traffic regulations - which are now harmonized with eu rules . 
  but even when it comes to traffic there is a problem . 
  swiss - which is now a highly profitable airline ( and several smaller airlines in switzerland ) enjoy free access to the whole european airspace and landing rights . 
  this would have to be renegotiated with each and every member states of the eu . 
  given the rather dire situation in which the airline industry is i guess that swiss airlines would get less landing rights then now . 
  and those are just the examples that come to my mind now . 
  absolutely . 
  i am just saying that this could prove to be the classic example of why the will of the majority is not always the most beneficial way to follow . 
  depends on the eu reaction . 
  not really : as i stated above : actually they are the 4th largest ( 6.6 % of the trade ) with an import volume of 121 billion $ and an export volumen of 90 billion $ . 
  but see - this doesnt matter so much . 
  since the import volume wont shrink - they still need the stuff we produce and at the moment they cant get it cheaper form a third source cause if they could they would buy it there . 
  but the export volume will shrink once the free market clauses get axed . 
  it will simply make buying stuff made in switzerland more expansive then buying the same stuff from within the eu market . 
  and they are not producing anything ( besides watches maybe ) that cant be produced at similar costs in the eu or worldwide . 
  but i think that treaties are there to be kept - and as such the guillotine clause should be invoked by the eu . 
  they can have their opinion - no problem . 
  but they have to live with the consequences . 
  actually you are the 4th largest . 
  with an import volume of 121 billion $ and an export volumen of 90 billion $ . 
  but see - this doesnt matter so much . 
  since the import volume wont shrink - you still need the stuff we produce and at the moment you cant get it cheaper form a third source cause if you could you would buy it there . 
  but the export volume will shrink once the free market clauses get axed . 
  it will simply make buying stuff made in switzerland more expansive then buying the same stuff from within the eu market . 
  and you guys are not producing anything ( besides watches maybe ) that cant be produced at similar costs in the eu or worldwide . 
  i just hope the the eu has the balls to cut the other treaties if this really goes through the nationalrat - its your loss not ours . 
  even if they throw him in jail for 20 years ? 
  plus i think that this has been done before in the 60ies and 70ies . 
  you missed the halo around the policemans head . 
  and the lower drawn mouth on the woman . 
  so basically this ends up as `` evil witch vs saintly policeman '' and i think that the halo is something few spanish would miss and interpret correctly . 
  kinda sad - i really loved romania when i traveled there with my ex . 
  especially transylvania . 
  brasov , sighisoara , sibiu and so on . 
  its probably one of the most undervalued tourist destinations in europe - although i think that this will change in the next years . 
  well basically if they do n't catch you - yes - but it a really hard to live completely off the grid ( which you would have to do ) in europe . 
  you basically would need a complete new identity, 
  except when they loose an icehockey game against denmark, 
  given that my norveigan rather sucks this is not helping  but yeah have your opinion and a good day sir !, 
  ps : how long is the average norveigans sick / year and how long is the average swede sick / year ? 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  if this this stay within certain limits it ( let 's say 2 weeks sick / year ) and this is within the european average then the swedish system with less sick days / year just means that sick people go to work . 
  how does this translate into days ? 
  could n't it just be that the norveigans take their time getting healthy when they are sick since they know they wo n't loose any income - compared to the swedes who go back to work sick since they are loosing money if they stay at home ? 
  or they talked with the battery manufacturer and found out that the problems are far from solved . 
  as an austrian who likes that i would say it 's an acquired taste . 
  if you wan na drink something really bad try locally produced cambodian mekong whiskey . 
  the thai stuff is bad - but the local stuff will make you blind sooner or later . 
  i would n't say thought in school or that it is something that comes up in a conversation . 
  for me it always seemed as if all girls know that there is a plan b that is an option - more so then in austria for example where people often `` go on holidays '' to have an abortion - in the small village of my granny '' she went on a weekend trip to vienna '' sometimes was really known to be code for `` getting an aboftion '', 
  there is a difference between `` not talking about it '' and `` if i do it i will go to hell '' - for example it is still hard for people in western austria to find doctors who will perform aboftions - those people generally had to travel to vienna until a few years ago . 
  this was as far as i know never a problem in the eastern european states . 
  that 's my point - we do n't know if it is or is not prelevant - there is simply only very very limited data on it . 
  and i am kinda not sure if there are less abortions in a country in which it is semi - legal ( austria ) vs on were it was completely illegal until a few months ago . 
  when the provincial hospitals of salzburg started to offer abortions ( happend when a social democrat became governor 8 years ago or so ) there was quite a run on those clinics . 
  so i am really in doubt that there are so few abortions as it seems there would be on the map . 
  but again : there is no hard data . 
  neither on provincial or federal level . 
  it 's a bit of carelessness cause you have the option abortion on the table and not just as a sort of last resort .
