  austria is the panama of the airline industry when it comes to aocs . 
  that 's the reason . 
  they wo n't bring any aircraft to vie - they will just get an office in austria and that 's it . 
  destroyed in ww ii by a bomb - reconstructed 1947 - the one in nimes survived more or less unchanged / did n't need reconstruction . 
  people often do n't know that though and think it has been planned that way and it did n't grow, 
  crowd control - the city of paris is based on a few large roundabouts which are interconnected . 
  place charles de gaulle is just the largest one - but there is also victor hugo , trocadero and so on . 
  when this was built the idea was that in time of political unrest the army would command the large squares and with them the streets that lead from them . 
  do n't forget that this was built in the 19th century under napoleon iii who had real life experiences with revolutions , attempted revolutions and so on . 
  the bois de boulogne starts just 500m or so form there and is a park about 2.5 x size of central park , the bois de vincennes is on the other side of paris and is about 3x the size of central park, 
  it 's actually easy - you follow the boulevards and then go into the smaller streets - but only a mad man would drive a car in paris anyways, 
  living and having lived in a bunch of european cities it 's actually easy . 
  it 's not a grid system - it 's the leftovers of the street plan before hausmann created the boulevards . 
  that was actually the plan - when hausmann built this it was meant to make it easy to control the city in times of political unrest - so no it works exactly as intended, 
  that 's ok - it 's a uniform after all, 
  no - if at all then only the 27 member states could do that - and it would probably come with demands like joining schengen and the euro . 
  it 's a start - they lay the ground work and will probably move more once it is known which city will become more interesting for them - paris , frankfurt and so on . 
  they even said that they want to be so flexible as to move more jobs to the eu as needed, 
  see the problemlos time - it wo n't happen in 2 years . 
  and so far no one in the eu wants to touch lisbon cause it was so difficult to cobble together as it is . 
  in my country the anti - eu party shut down pretty much all anti eu stuff cause people are looking at brexit and saying `` fuck that '' . 
  turns out people actually do n't want to leave the ei after all, 
  it had everything to do with it - until now britons in germany we 're sure to be able to work , live and stay in germany due to them being eu citizens - this is no longer guaranteed . 
  so britons who live in germany , have their whole existence there are now looking to become germans since they want to stay there if all goes wrong . 
  i am pretty sure that the numbers are similar or at least comparable in other eu countries for britons who moved there long ago . 
  nope it 's happening - in less then 2 years, 
  explain, 
  not if they came together after he finished school . 
  so nothing - not really surprised  but nice to see you at least admit it , 
  look - if i want to look up the german governments position in global warming i can read them . 
  same for china , same for any other nation on earth - cause they actually have a position . 
  trump does n't - there is just nothing . 
  and i do n't need to read a book about negotiations to see that . 
  again - can you show me - anything - and i mean anything - about global warming and how to end it from the trump administration ? 
  is there anything . 
  and i even take interviews , campaign material anything . 
  besides it being a chinese hoax . 
  you are talking about negotiations - nice - but this is not about negotiations - this is about the general idea does he even know what global warming means ? 
  does he accept it happens ? 
  cause if he does n't ( and given some of his administrations statements i doubt it ) then it 's useless to sit down with him . 
  do you at least admit he said it 's a chinese hoax ? 
  or is that negotiation tactic ? 
  - ( i am on a train in france - wo n't read the book sorry ) . 
  so yeah i guess you will answer with `` read the book '' without having anything to say that 's even remotely on subject ( since there is nothing besides `` it 's a hoax '' ) - at least admit to yourself that trump does n't give a rats ass about global warming or its problems cause he does n't gen accept that it exists . 
  again - you just talk about me but not about the subject - the great deal he is going to make and why in my opinion it can only fail since he has set no agenda , no interestes , nothing . 
  but i understand that you do n't want to talk about it since there is just no substance - there is nothing he said that 's worth talking about since as he said in the speech he is willing to let any negotiation fail if he does n't get what he wants - as such the outcome is already predicated and actually not wort the time of anyone . 
  especially since the us is not seen as a valid partner on climate change anymore . 
  it 's the same as with the kyoto protocols - deal was made - president says no , now we play the whole game again - deal is made , president says no . 
  so if you find any piece of climate change policy from trump ( or his administration ) besides claiming it 's a chinese hoax i am interested in it - i just doubt you will since it 's just not on the agenda for them . 
  again - you change subject - attack me directly - instead of staying on subject - which is - that nothing is coming from trump to show what he wants . 
  no agenda , no wish list , no idea of what is fair . 
  just broad speaking of fairness - but no data to support what is unfair or why . 
  and sorry yes - a business deal between 2 parties is easier to achieve then between 200 nations with changing parties / forms of power / governments . 
  the agenda setting alone is deal in itself . 
  i do n't doubt that the basic idea is the same - but it 's easier if i have to work out a catering contract for 50 mio . 
  $ between my company and a caterer , then 200 different nations . 
  trump just has no idea what he wants - as i said - i doubt he even has any idea what `` fair '' means cause the externals costs of not having a deal - so limitless global warming - are just unknown to him . 
  and if he does know them ( which i doubt since global warming is just a chinese hoax ) he chooses to ignore them cause it would cost money to just slow it to a manageable level . 
  look i have closed contracts / deals . 
  it 's part of my job . 
  and if it was just a buisness deal i would agree - it 's like 101y but this is not a buisness deal - he has to come out and give some idea what he wants - cause if he just says `` hey we want a fair deal '' everybody else will say `` well this is a fair deal '' and this is not some negotiation about some property on the upper east side . 
  these are negotiations with nearly 200 countries - all with their own interests and agendas - so just saying `` we want a fair deal '' wo n't cut it - he has to have some ideas what he wants , lay out plans , set agendas - in short be constructive - but from what i have seen the last 5 months he ca n't do that - all he can do is deconstruct and dismantle . 
  i am not even sure if he grasp that this is n't a 0 - sum problem - this is not a about `` i give you , you have more , i have less '' this is about creating something for the greater good which in the end will benefit everyone - and especially so the us and developed nations cause our wealth is incredibly endangered by global warming even if we do n't see it . 
  at the moment we can buy our way out and maybe enjoy longer summers - but this will end pretty soon for reasons i have mentioned above ( or maybe elsewhere - not sure about my comment trail ) anyways - he wo n't come forward with anything substantial - cause the moment he does he would have to leave his zero sum logic behind - and that 's something i am not sure he can . 
  i actually read it . 
  but there is nothing substantial - noting that says `` this is our plan '' - except that it will be fair and if it does n't work then to hell with it . 
  i mean i am used to it from trump - but well - i expected more - i expected at least a goal - a post that says `` this is what we want instead '' but all he says is `` we want a better deal , and if we do n't get it we will continue as before and endanger ourselves cause we can '' it 's a bit childish . 
  but ok . 
  it 's grandstanding and blustering with no substance behind . 
  no what is the deal ? 
  i mean the real goal of trump - what does he want - not a general guide to negotiations - what does he want / or what shall be written in a new agreement ? 
  a general guide to negotiations is pretty useless - i want an idea what he / you want in the new deal - let me guess - not much is coming ? 
  cause you have no idea besides `` a more fair one '' - so what is a fair deal ? 
  how much does the us have to cut their emissions ? 
  how much does china have to ? 
  who pays for clean energy incentives in developing countries ? 
  please - just general outlines - and not `` read up how to make a deal '' - cause that is pretty useless in this discussion . 
  the idea is to stop global warming at 2c compared to pre industrial levels - which is doable and will hold the worst symptoms at a manageable level . 
  sure if you want to reverse the warming which has already happend - then it would mean investing more money and even harsher rules for carbon emissions in developed countries - but it would also mean telling 6 billion people `` sorry guys ca n't have what we have - for at least 50 more years '' so yeah while the accord is not perfect - it 's a step in the right direction - especially since most countries are going along with it . 
  and sorry - just saying `` it 's not good enough that 's why we ca n't accept it '' is a bad argument - cause it means that nothing will happen which will make it even worse in the long run . 
  this is the best option at the moment - finely balanced between the developed nations need and want to stop global warming for the reasons i said - and the developing worlds need for energy and well - development . 
  i do n't know if you have ever been to china - but if you ever go - take a train and look out of the window at night - whole villages in darkness with just one or two light bulbs here and there . 
  a stark contrast to shanghai or guangzhou . 
  so the want they have a `` modern '' live to is hard to limit - and china tried the would have the next revolution at hand . 
  something we all do n't want for various reasons . 
  same in india . 
  and thats why a certain leeway in their goals was searched for and found . 
  it 's not perfect - but it can acchieve the set goal -, 
  russia gets this `` bonus '' cause it closed pretty much all it 's dirty industry after the fall of communism . 
  china and india get their bonus cause otherwise they would not be on board at all - but they are actually doing something - india has shelved its plans for more coal power plants and china has done the same and will in fact close down several beginning this year . 
  which leaves the biggest point why one is against it the redestribution of wealth - that 's the real reason why you do n't like it right ? 
  why should we give any of our hard earned cash to those people . 
  well the reason is very simple - take hurricane season - i think there is no doubt that global warming influences the strength of hurricane which hit the us every year - and they are getting stronger and the season is getting longer . 
  katrina cost 150 billion $ - not including 120 billion federal aid one hit like katrina costs the us economy more then all the transfers that happen in the paris accord over the next decades . 
  and those will get more and more common . 
  same with rising sea levels - at the moment it 's just a problem for nauru - but soon it will become a problem for cities like miami and states like florida - which will need to invest billions into flood protection . 
  and then we have displaced persons - large parts of mexico will become uninhabitable for humans due to the increase of arid climate conditions - same with conditions in the sahel zone in africa and large parts of central asia . 
  all this will lead to mass migration which we have n't seen since the fall of the roman empire . 
  and all this will be way more expansive then transferring a bit of wealth now . 
  so you want results that are worth it ?
