  which brings us to the real concern about the euro in eastern and central europe : that adopting the currency made these countries just dumping grounds for western producers , who otherwise would n't be competitive in countries with weaker local currencies . 
  but that 's a different discussion altogether . 
  i usually do n't do long vacations ( prefer multiple long weekends instead ) , and i have n't been to turkey since 1981 . 
  however , my parents have been going there every year for nearly a decade . 
  not because they want to boycott edrogan ( i doubt they 'd recall his name if you asked them who the turkish president was ) , but because they now perceive turkey to be unsafe for them . 
  even though that 's just one anecdote , i 'm inclined to agree that there is a vast , silent majority , which does n't give a fuck about edrogan 's policies , and instead opts to avoid turkey as an unsafe area . 
  which , by proxy , is also a result of edrogan 's policies , but these tourists do n't make that connection . 
  i used to travel to eindhoven on business . 
  never seen so many guys in red , yellow or bright green trousers in my life . 
  wearing red trousers ? 
  do n't worry , he 's no threat . 
  he 's dutch . 
  can confirm . 
  my village in slovakia was settled by croats , and up to this day most of its inhabitants have their last name end with '' - i\u010d '' which i 'm told is typical for croatian surnames . 
  even more , slovak and croatian languages are very similar ( some even claim they are closer than slovak and czech ) , but understanding and speaking the dialect from our village , i had no problems communicating in croatia . 
  i used to travel for summer to the shore , around trogir , and only had local wine . 
  not store-bought , but from our local landlords . 
  they all agreed the wine was bad , but they taught us to drink it with jamnica , and the combination greatly improved both liquids . 
  yeah . 
  your wine sucks . 
  and so does your mineral water . 
  but the mixture of the two , on a hot summer day , is like godsend . 
  there have been years i contributed to your wine consumption quite significantly . 
  interesting how slovakia changed . 
  i left it 21 years ago , but when i was growing up there , most everyone was drinking herbal teas . 
  even now , whenever i go visit my family we usually stick to teas and i bring back boxes of [ materina d\u00fa\u0161ka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thymus_serpyllum ) and [ \u0160alvia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salvia_officinalis ) teas . 
  but i guess the coffee drinkers have overwhelmed us . 
  well , couche-tard announced on march 23 that it received the approval to acquire shell denmark . 
  so sooner or later , it 'll become circle k , too . 
  do n't know yet . 
  they just introduced the re.store brand for their convenience stores , and a friend inside the company headquarters told me they were looking to expand to local store business , to compete with the likes of centra and tesco express . 
  in addition , they have been pretty busy rebranding esso stations to topaz . 
  the circle k initiative was announced about two months before they were acquired , so not even my friend knows what will happen this year . 
  not sure about ireland there . 
  for comparison , the entire island has 15 % more people as slovakia and is about 70 % larger . 
  dublin has nearly 3 times as many people as bratislava , and even belfast has marginally more people . 
  and yet the irish countryside seems to be much more populated than slovakian . 
  a little clarification here : statoil has been acquired by couche-tard in 2012 . 
  couche-tard also owns circle k retail stores , and a few months ago they announced they 'd be consolidating all their brands under cicle k. same thing will be happening to shell denmark and topaz ireland , also owned by the same corporation . 
  figures . 
  the oldest farts in ireland are around belfast . 
  ca n't talk about the entire history , but when i grew up in czechoslovakia in the 70s , homosexuality was a crime . 
  after communism fell , homosexuality was stricken from criminal laws as soon as these laws changed . 
  parallel to changing the criminal laws , new constitutions were adopted , where the legal standing of homosexuals was redefined . 
  so what you see is in fact an improvement for homosexuals , albeit not as much yet as in the western world . 
  yeah , but here if you leave your wallet in the car for 5 minutes , someone will smash your window and steal it . 
  at 42 degrees , at least the thieves are just as miserable as everyone else and unable to steal stuff . 
  have n't lived in czech republic/slovakia for 22 years , but every time i go home i 'm buying kofola on tap in pubs , instead of beer . 
  i can get staropramen or pilsner urquell anywhere ( hell , even tank pilsner ) , but kofola on tap is unique . 
  yup , it refused to join nato . 
  that 's different from wanting to join nato but being unable to do so because of nato rules on territorial integrity . 
  ireland has been staunchly neutral since before ww2 ( in fact , only recently irish people who fought in ww2 were formally pardoned for that ) , and even now the issue of allowing nato personnel to use the shannon airport to transfer between the us and emea is a toxic political issue . 
  ireland has never applied , or even seriously entertained the idea , to join nato . 
  ireland is not a member of nato , and it does n't claim northern ireland as its territory . 
  it was a matter of geography . 
  both russia and turkey span two continents , but russian capital , the majority of the population and infrastructure are in its european part . 
  not entirely sure . 
  when i was using the bucket fill , it did n't fill those places , and i did n't notice at that time . 
  that is true . 
  but i was looking at the leaders , most influential policymakers of a given country . 
  this is because the article claimed that policies may be influenced by how many children the given policymakers have . 
  in addition , this allowed me to present my own notion that those leaders represent their electorate . 
  monarchs are not elected , so i 'm glad none fell into the `` most influential policymaker '' category . 
  based on what i learned in primary school , decades ago , europe stretched to the caucasus and ural mountains . 
  the soviet states of georgia , armenia and azerbaijan were still considered european back then . 
  the two a 's were out of the map template i used though . 
  for your information , their leaders have 2 and 3 kids , respectively . 
  i was tracking european leaders only . 
  no , but the prime minister does . 
  i was tracking leaders , not figureheads . 
  thanks ; i appreciate that . 
  i was n't aware of that word and its use ; i 'll keep it in mind for next time . 
  beautiful !, 
  my wife says i suck at colors more than the average man , so this will be immensely helpful in the future . 
  bookmarked . 
  thanks !, 
  many thanks . 
  i attached an updated map to my comment . 
  cerar was a tough nut to crack , given his famous father , so i could n't find any relevant results in google . 
  thank you . 
  i averaged it to two per person . 
  thank god for ueli maurer , 
  i have a brazilian coworker with four names and we can never figure out which ones are first names and which the surnames . 
  makes for entertaining spectacle when he flies and the names on his boarding pass are different than the ones in his passport . 
  do n't know anything about portuguese politics , so i went along with wikipedia , which claims that `` unlike several other european presidents , the portuguese president is quite powerful . 
  although it is the prime minister of portugal and parliament that oversee much of the nation 's actual day-to-day affairs , the portuguese president wields significant influence and authority , especially in the fields of national security and foreign policy . 
  the president holds the nation 's most senior office , and outranks all other politicians . '', 
  i was trying to devalue the argument . 
  in some articles , it is argued that those leaders lack empathy towards the next generations , and occasionally you come across an argument that childless leaders are trying to compensate by inviting migrants into their countries . 
  the article i linked to is one of the more neutral ones . 
  it even points out ( correctly , in my opinion ) , that the lack of children by some of the leaders may be the effect of european demographic shift , not a cause for any future shift . 
  i know . 
  which is why switzerland is gray . 
  those guys are too weird to figure out , 
  well , i was looking at the official leaders ( in this case the polish prime minister ) . 
  from what i could tell , kaczy\u0144ski succeeded in getting beata szyd\u0142o into the pm position . 
  there have been a few articles recently , [ like this one ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/do-childless-leaders-mean-the-death-of-europe-2017-05-26 ) , pointing out that the most powerful leaders in europe are childless . 
  the articles seem to insinuate that childless leaders may have impacted long-term thinking , as they have less stake in the future generations . 
  be it as it may , it peaked my interest enough to look at the number of biological children for each european leader . 
  for this , i used primarily wikipedia to identify the leader of each country and determine the number of their children .
