the article does n't do a good job describing how friendly slovakia has been towards russia . 
  the slovak prime minister has been kissing putin 's ass so deeply that his shoes were barely visible from putin 's butthole . 
  slovakia has threatened to veto any trade restrictions against russia ( always backed out at the last minute ) and was strongly against reverse gas flow to ukraine . 
  this incident should be a lesson to other putin cronies within the eu ( the czechs and hungarians in particular ) that russia is no longer interested in any friendly relations within european countries . 
  expanding on it , i did a quick and dirty calculation using the source data . 
  [ this chart ] ( http://imgur.com/gledvz0 ) shows the net brain movement per 10,000 inhabitants . 
  the people movement remained the same as in the original article , from 2003 onwards ; population is the most recent number , as provided by wikipedia . 
  bulgaria is missing its famous [ toilets ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entropa#political_controversy ) . 
  world war i did n't actually fracture anything . 
  it was a continuation of the war of 1870 , which in turn was caused my unification , rather than fracturing . 
  i personally do n't see any strong reasons against or in favor of displaying the eu flag , but for historical accuracy it may not be appropriate . 
  especially since the two dominant eu nations , germany and france , were the main antagonists in wwi . 
  guinness is probably the most popular , but consider murphy 's to be the best stout . 
  among lagers , i 'd go for temple brau by porterhouse . 
  a little explanation for the czech republic and slovakia for having such a relatively low private debt ( source : i was born in czechoslovakia , still hold a slovak passport and studied economics there ) . 
  in those two countries , multi-generation houses are the norm outside of large cities . 
  in the village i am from , for example , four generations living under one roof are n't unusual . 
  as a result , houses are `` recycled '' within the family , instead of new houses being purchased too often . 
  in cities , most people still live in flats built during communism . 
  after the fall of communism , these flats were sold to their occupants at relatively low prices , or even transferred for a nominal fee . 
  at that time , any rent paid for the flats in the past was considered a repayment of principal for the price of the property , and the prices were generally between 12 and 20 years worth of rent . 
  so again , most people did n't need to take out large loans . 
  the second reason for such a low debt ratio is cultural and educational - having debt has been long considered shameful , and people are not familiar with taking out mortgages on property they own , in order to reinvest into higher return instruments . 
  sooner or later , though , people in those two countries will catch up with the rest of the eu , for better or worse . 
  `` quid '' is also used in ireland , even though we use euro . 
  punts were also called `` quid '' in the past , so the name just carried over . 
   did n't they tell the transfusion service they are the ones who are supposed to screen the donations for diseases ? 
  my family that still lives in slovakia is telling me that they can only donate clothing is they also provide a receipt that it 's been professionally cleaned . 
  the burden of proof and the expense still seems to be the responsibility of the donor , not the beneficiary . 
  [ google translate ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fspravy.pravda.sk%2fdomace%2fclanok%2f367852-zapadonilska-horucka-je-uz-aj-u-nasich-susedov%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) people who had as little exposure to migrants as to spend a night in vienna will not be able to donate blood for 28 days , due to west nile virus cases detected in areas with an elevated density of recent migrants . 
  due to cases of west nile virus among migrants , people with as little exposure as staying overnight in vienna will not be able to donate blood for 28 days after their trip . 
  i 'm pretty sure slovakia should be kayaking , not canoeing . 
  it 's single and double white water kayaks have been pretty strong in the past decade or so . 
  i do n't know what the general perception of the sunday times was before ; i certainly was neutral towards their reporting . 
  but this has pretty much established , at least for me , that the sunday times is a mouthpiece of the british government . 
  i 'll keep that in the back of my mind whenever i read one of their articles in the future . 
  got ta love this quote :  five eu member states , including the netherlands , sweden , finland , denmark and hungary , have already adopted a rounding policy . 
  three out of five do n't have the euro . 
  they can do anything with their currency they want . 
  funny thing about the 1 and 2 cent coins here in ireland : i switched from grocery shopping in dunnes to supervalu when dunnes placed a coin slot over the coin bowl in the automatic checkout machines . 
  it just took too long to empty a bag of coppers into the tiny slot . 
  so coppers allowed for shop differentiation . 
  without them , we 'll have to fall back to boycotting stores for the old-fashioned reasons , such as when they are treating their workers like shit . 
  well , at least this time it was n't the slovak police who placed a viable bomb , and the bus was n't a plane . 
  [ boom . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovak_police_training_explosives_incident ), 
  what country was the test made in ? 
  it may be interesting to see local results for each country , to see what the inhabitants of said countries actually search for . 
  in ireland for example , the top search is the cost of the nct , which is a car test for road worthiness . 
  i assume the funeral cost comes after people find out how much the nct costs ... 
  yup , it 's slovakpoint for me . 
  i have it 15 minutes by bicycle , and i 'm spending there about 10-15 per week . 
  so i agree that 50 euros would be a whole lot of money . 
  not only that - i have to be careful there with the expiration dates ; i do n't know how their delivery system works for that . 
  other than that , i get my fix of czech/slovak food , beers and kofola on tap in the pifko bar in dublin , which is also an awesome place to watch the ice hockey world cup . 
  last time was from 3am to 10:15 am . 
  on a regular weekday , not a weekend when all the people with smashed heads or alcohol poisonings come in . 
  however , after a friend of mine fainted and the ambulance took us to the hospital emergency room , they let us sit in the waiting area for a full 15 hours . 
  note , though , that emergency rooms have a triage system , and if there 's blood , you 're likely to skip the line in front of someone who 's just having fainting spells or life-threatening fever . 
  slovakian in ireland . 
  i actually get everything i need from slovakia here , so i do n't miss any food or drink . 
  perhaps a little more sun and heat in summer , but not too much ... one thing i really miss , though is healthcare . 
  sure , people in slovakia may now be a little skeptical about their healthcare , especially after a few recent bribery scandals , but healthcare here in ireland is so disastrous that i find it more efficient and cheaper to just fly back to slovakia when needed . 
  in fact , my girlfriend landed there just today after being `` treated '' by irish quacks for the past 5 months only to see her health deteriorating . 
  and by my calculations , it 's actually faster to fly to slovakia and see a doctor in an emergency room than to see a doctor in an emergency room in ireland ( minimal wait time i experienced was 7:15 hours , maximum 15 hours in the waiting room ) , and it 's not even that much more expensive ( 100 euros charge in ireland vs. 75-150 euros one-way plane ticket and 20 euros charge in slovakia ) . 
  back in the late 1990s , there was a small but significant movement of gypsies from slovakia to the eu . 
  slovakia was n't part of the eu yet , but there were no visa requirements to enter the eu , and once there people could move within the shengen area with impunity . 
  back then the gypsies moved to germany and the uk , where they claimed refugee status and were often given shelter and benefits . 
  in response , the uk has re-established visas for people with slovak passport . 
  other countries established internal checkpoints for slovak vehicles . 
  i remember once traveling by bus from bratislava , slovakia to brussels , belgium . 
  at the beginning of our trip , about a third of the bus , some 20-30 people were darker-skinned , but by no means the gypsies i grew used to see on tv . 
  yet , about half of them ended on the austrian border . 
  then , during the night , the bus was stopped three more times ( once in austria , twice in germany ) along the highway , for additional screenings , and more gypsies were let out . 
  by the end of our journey , only one gypsy family remained on the bus . 
  while not often mentioned in the media , my friends in slovakia told me that one of the reasons why they are afraid of the migrant quotas is that this situation will be repeated . 
  migrants who would n't want to live in slovakia would try to get elsewhere . 
  countries that would serve as destinations for these migrants would establish policies against all people in slovakia , and at the same time criticize all `` inhuman treatment '' of migrants , if the slovak government established certain limits to their freedom of movement . 
  while this is still a speculation at this time , many people assumed similar dichotomy from western eu countries towards their weaker partners in the past , in other areas , and are afraid it will happen again . 
  as such , those of my friends who would support the help for refugees , are more afraid of the self-serving hypocrisy from western governments . 
  i think at least the moderates can be persuaded if very clear rules are put in place , all probable scenarios are covered by these rules , and there is a commitment from countries like germany and france to actually honor these rules . 
  it is shameful that the far right made it into the slovak parliament , but it does follow an already established trend in v4 countries . 
  in hungary , jobbik pulled over 16 % six years ago , and the czechs still have hard-line communists who get well over 10 % every elections . 
  i actually found it surprising that the slovaks resisted extremist parties for so long : they booted the slovak national party ( sns ) out of the parliament and let it back in only this election , when it switched to a far more moderate political message . 
  you do n't have to be in europe , and still may become an eu member . 
  sort of like being a nato member , but nowhere near the north atlantic . 
  geographically , the map is correct . 
  this is one of his favorite trolling avenues . 
  almost exactly a year ago , he was in the news with his `` death to all vegetarians and abstinents '' statement . 
  he 's a narcissistic cunt who loves to listen to his own voice and considers any disagreement with him to be a personal attack . 
  and all the time he 's playing this plain-spoken old village grandpa . 
  reminds me of my late czech grandfather ... 
  the saddest part is that the current migrant issue is giving him credibility among lots of people ( including me ) who 'd otherwise dismiss him as a senile , spiteful old man . 
  the bar may or may not be set that low . 
  if apple can harass samsung about the slide to unlock function , someone could claim any game mechanic as infringing , if they patented the software design before . 
  i have no idea whether that 's even possible in portugal , but i ran across this with my former employer in the us . 
  as for art assets , i was careful not to accuse anyone of theft . 
  there are plenty of places one can license assets from third parties , and i automatically assume that 's the case unless proven otherwise . 
  as i said before , i judged the game only from the web site assets . 
  the same web site that got banned .
