  if i got confused by the similarities presented there , it is possible that a lawyer could get confused as well . 
  i 've seen far worse screw-ups by lawyers . 
  that 's still just a speculation - it could have been blocked because of a perceived trademark violation , false claim by a competitor or indeed by just a harmless mistake . 
  i did n't mean to denigrate a game i had no experience with . 
  i 'm thankful for your explanation of the game . 
  if anything , this discussion showed how much the perception of a non-interested party can deviate from the truth . 
  maybe the makers of the game will take that into account when making design changes to the site in the future . 
  i 'm only going by the info on the web site - have n't experienced the game flow - so take this with a grain of salt . 
  it is also possible that some of these elements are more common across rts games - i personally play very few of them , so ca n't tell for sure . 
  * squads of robots attacking each other 's bases . 
  bases include guard turrets and robot factories , and have layout and graphics very similar to that in sr2 . 
  * customizable robots with different weapons ( some very similar to those in sr2 ) , control units ( heads ) and methods of movement ( i could identify wheels , threads and legs ; the only thing missing from sr2 are levitating platforms ) * resources are generated by bases , and not via mining or specialized buildings . 
  fewer resources than sr2 ( 3 vs 1 ) , but same principle . 
  from the videos , i understand that the player control over the mechs has greatly improved , and that a player must control a mech throughout the game , which will change the game mechanics significantly . 
  however , i also noticed that the game borrows graphics from elsewhere as well . 
  ca n't tell whether it 's by permission or not , but such borrowing would explain why it looks so similar to sr2 to me . 
  it is a very wild guess on my part , but here 's how it could work : a company owns the rights to certain intellectual property in just one country . 
  so instead of blocking the foreign company in the company 's home country , they block it where they hold the rights . 
  there has been a very recent example of this [ in croatia ] ( http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2016/01/croatian-cake-pirates-threatened-with-lawsuits/ ) : a bakery owns the rights to make star wars themed cakes . 
  they sued all other bakeries that sold star wars themed cakes for copyright infringement , even though disney owns the copyright . 
  i 'm going out on a limb here , but from the game info and screenshots , the game they are promoting is a ripoff of the rts component from space rangers 2 . 
  depending on who holds the rights to that game in portugal , they may have been a little trigger-happy and alleged copyright infringement . 
  ireland : general election . 
  fine gael will win , but with labour totally trashed , they will either form a minority government or work with fianna fail . 
  given the current negative campaign of fg against ff , for a coalition to form , ff will demand that the current taoiseach ( prime minister ) enda kenny is kicked out . 
  it will be interesting to see whether enda 's ego is stronger than the desire to keep sinn fein out of power sharing . 
  sinn fein , alphabet soup parties and independents will remain too fractured to offer an alternative government , but they 'll be hell-bent to spoil fg 's rule . 
  the part about not refilling one 's own glass is not entirely correct . 
  you can ( and people usually do ) refill your own glass when you refill everyone else 's glasses first . 
  in case you 're sitting at a long table , it 's sufficient to refill the people who you 're interacting with . 
  however , as / u/saltybilgewater pointed out , people do n't refill glasses that still have alcohol in them . 
  so you have to wait until at least one other person catches up with you and has an empty glass before you can refill theirs and yours . 
  ( this custom tends to put me under a lot of pressure when i visit my brother in law who drinks hard liquor like water . ), 
  nearest major airport to north america . 
  after the war , commercial aircraft had just enough fuel to reach this spot . 
  and actually thanks to irish neutrality , it became a refueling hub for transatlantic flights for all countries during the cold war , including soviet commercial flights . 
  in the past , shannon airport was the nearest refueling stop for aircraft traveling between europe and the us . 
  commercial planes do n't stop here anymore , but it still serves in this function for us military craft . 
  european countries have a long tradition of not honoring mutual defense treaties , and i do n't expect that to change . 
  and in any case , with something like two ships , four horse carts and 10,000 people , the irish army would probably be less effective than the canadian in mutual defense . 
  well , ireland is fiercely neutral . 
  to the point where some people want to stop allowing the us military to pass their personnel through the country ( weapons and ammo are already not allowed ) . 
  tiny yards inside the housing blocks that do n't get any sun and hide a bunch of older , dilapidated buildings . 
  reminds me of my childhood in communist czechoslovakia . 
  the recent photo was taken from the novotel hotel . 
  and if you think that view is bad , check out [ the view ] ( https://i.sli.mg/dttolo.jpg ) from the other side of the hotel . 
   scottish people look pretty much identical to irish people . 
  small wonder . 
  scots came to scotland from ireland in the 5th and 6th centuries . 
  i do n't swim . 
  but i see your point . 
  i 'm still 24.5 % more likely to be eaten alive by a shark who learned how to cycle than die from a terrorist attack . 
  but seriously : what i was saying is that i 'm slightly more likely to die from a terrorist attack in paris than from a terrorist attack in lisbon . 
  or krakow . 
  so why should i go to paris , if i have so many other options ? 
  i 've been to paris multiple times , but because of my fear of terrorism i wo n't be going there anytime soon . 
  i 'm not afraid that i 'd be killed or injured by terrorists when i 'm there , but there are plenty of other destinations where it 's less probable to become a victim of a deadly attack . 
  it 's simple economics : as long as substitute products with lesser perceived cost exist , i have no reason to pay more . 
  ironically enough , though , i was very close to going to france , far from paris , in november . 
  i was going to sign up for the nice marathon . 
  that 's out of the question now , too . 
  from what my wife told me ( she lived in london for two years before moving to dublin ) : london is not an integrated city . 
  instead , it 's a patchwork of largely homogeneous neighborhoods , each with its own ethnicity and rules . 
  navigating through this patchwork may be dangerous , especially for a woman , who can easily find herself in the wrong neighborhood , where the entire community is against her kind . 
  you wo n't find a mixed crowd , which includes people who 'd help you and thus keep the rest under control by their mere presence . 
  even if the neighborhood is not dangerous , if you 're unlucky to end up living or working there , you may be forced to conform to societal norms and rules that are different from modern european ones . 
  now , i 've been to london only once , in 1994 as a tourist , so i ca n't directly confirm whether what she perceived was valid or not . 
  but i grew to trust her in all respects , and i see no reason why i should n't trust her in this as well . 
  slovakia has a mary-related public holiday in a month , on september 15 : mary of the seven sorrows . 
  immigrants to ireland should brace themselves . 
  and bring tents - we ran out of housing in dublin . 
  ukip already won big in the last election , with over 12 % of the national vote . 
  but thanks to the quirks of the uk election system , they got only one mp out of 650 . 
  in this regard , the uk can be already portrayed as undemocratic . 
  i consider that election result as one of the reasons why the leave campaign won : they already had a 12 + % block of disenfranchised voters whose votes meant so much more in a referendum than they did in electoral district elections . 
  i would n't be so sure england would let you go so easily . 
  if both scotland and ni leaves , england loses it 's direct access to north atlantic . 
  i remember that one concern england had during the scottish referendum was that they 'd have to move the submarine pens to ni if scotland left . 
  check the `` euro area '' eurobarometer , published each year . 
  this is still a concern for the european commission . 
  for example , their 2012 report states that :  it is much more common to use the euro as the benchmark when making frequent day-to-day purchases , with the majority of respondents in each country doing this . 
  almost all irish ( 91 % ) and finnish ( 88 % ) respondents use the euro as their benchmark for day-to-day purchases , compared to 52 % of slovaks . 
  [ source \\ ( pdf \\ ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/flash/fl_362_sum_en.pdf ), 
  by mandating single-price tags ( many merchants voluntarily showed dual pricing way before the usual 1-year period ) and by `` educating '' consumers to stop mentally recalculating prices . 
  sort of like they were trying to `` educate '' the irish to use their copper coins , as ireland had the highest number of non-circulating euro cents coins per capita . 
  it ended with ireland gradually phasing out 1 - and 2-cent coins instead . 
  i have n't been in slovakia by the time the euro was introduced , but i still visit my family often enough to offer my two ( euro ) cents : inflation data for slovakia suggests actually a stabilization of prices . 
  cpi inflation has been [ steadily decreasing ] ( http://www.inflation.eu/inflation-rates/slovakia/historic-inflation/cpi-inflation-slovakia.aspx ) since the adoption of the euro , but of course , various components of the cpi rose faster than others . 
  the most basic food staples , such as bread and milk , however , far outstripped inflation . 
  this is not a function of the euro introduction , though , but of market consolidation , both for producers and for merchants ( source : my family used to run a bakery and store in the village , until they were priced out by a larger store chain , which then promptly hiked prices . ), 
  the main reason why so many people perceive inflation caused by the euro changeover is that many in slovakia still recalculate the prices they see into the old currency , korunas . 
  what they fail to realize , though , is that they are comparing the prices from before 2009 ( last year of korunas ) to prices seven years later , not taking into account the level of inflation since then . 
  what 's worse , many people do n't even remember the prices back in 2007 and default to the last time prices were stable , in the mid 80s . 
  i still hear people moaning that they paid 5 slovak korunas for large bread , while now they pay 120 korunas ( about 4 euro ) . 
  i could not find the article , courtesy of google being spammed by the soccer championship , but a few years there was a mild uproar in slovakia because the european commission wanted to `` force people to stop recalculating prices into korunas '' . 
  one other important reason for why people perceive higher inflation after the euro adoption is that food prices in countries that did n't adopt the euro tend to be lower . 
  slovakia has plenty of experience with this , with three of its neighbors , poland , czechia and hungary , not being on the euro , and people living near the border traveling there to do their food purchases ( my family does so in hungary ) . 
  this , however , is not the result of higher inflation , but the exchange rates . 
  compared to the individual currencies of those three countries , the euro strengthened . 
  if anything , economic theory tells us that a currency strengthens against another when the stronger currency sees a lower inflation rate ( [ relative ppp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relative_purchasing_power_parity ) ) .
