in some discussions on reddit i do refer to united statians of america . 
  mostly to piss off those nationalists . 
  no , the cross is centered , unlike the nordic cross . 
  [ naturally it has its own wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_groningen_ ( province ) ), 
  for practical reasons , that remained an island though . 
  are the germans digging holes in your beaches too ? 
  we should start a support group . 
  that really depends on the conditions of your travel . 
  my last 2 trips to england for example . 
  the first time i went to london by train ( and further to holyhead ) . 
  it took less time than to go by plane due security and was cheaper . 
  the second time i went i went by boat . 
  went with 4 buddies and we were n't in a hurry , the forecast was nice so we just relaxed a bit . 
  we could bring our car , so we could 've gone by train , but we decided against it . 
  so in this case a train is not a bad thing . 
  freight trains are capable of carrying more goods than trucks and people seem to like trains on occasion . 
  besides , you are making a tunnel to finland , that has to count for something , right ? 
  that is actually the main reason why the eu is acting on this . 
  the epicenter of the eu is fine as it is . 
  reaching out to the outskirts of the union is something no one else wants to do . 
  well , it is more what you save on other stuff . 
  the dutch wealth fare system is quite complex . 
  and the amount of money that is put into making sure everyone follows those rules is costly to say the least . 
  same goes for students and the elderly programs . 
  expensive . 
  so what about utrecht . 
  they look out for their own civilians and not only the rich and the succesful , but also the less fortunate . 
  it might save you a stolen bike . 
  it is all about taxes . 
  if i had 100 euro and i spend it on a radio . 
  i believe around 14 % will go to the government in vat ( or btw in my country ) . 
  the government now has my 14 euro to spend on pretty much whatever they want . 
  so let them build a new or better road to anywhere . 
  they hire a guy that builds the road . 
  they give him 140000 euro to do so . 
  he gets the material ( over which he will pay taxes ) and pays his employees ( over which income tax is paid ) and keeps some for himself to buy a radio ( over which he pays taxes ) . 
  now the road is finished and people start using the road . 
  at this point you have a benefit , a road you can use . 
  anyway , businesses pop up alongside the road , since people start using the road . 
  people from outside get into the businesses because it is easier to reach and spend their 100 euro on a radio there and pay 14 euro tax again . 
  this is kinda the circle . 
  actually the employee discount at ns stations ( yknow , kiosk , brooodzaak , etc ) generates prices that do not get rounded down/up all the time . 
  except at the aldi . 
  they will return you 1 and 2 cent coins . 
  the bastards ( but the prices , oh the prices ) . 
  or the liberal parliament does n't want to change, 
  on the other hand , a system where the most charismatic crowd pleasers rule does n't sound so good either . 
  especially when their biggest concern is re-election . 
  the big church in alkmaar is used for theater performances , conferences , expositions etcetera . 
  and even if a church is only used religiously , it still performes as a center of the community . 
  what 's the use of hiding your people 's moments in history . 
  every group of people have their shameful moments ( slavery , indian slaughtering , colonist slaughtering , death penalty , etc ) . 
  naming it is more for forest management , which finland may or may not do . 
  off the bat i can name 4 forests . 
  the veluwe , boswachterij grolloo , noord-hollands duinreservaat and the utrechtse heuvelrug . 
  even though they are not all forests in the first place , they do have an above average amount of trees . 
  he is not scandinavian at all . 
  upwillem for the german reference . 
  let me get one thing straight . 
  personally i 'd rather see everyone that agrees with is dead . 
  does n't matter in what context , just dead . 
  even if i have to stab them myself . 
  i think many of my countrymen think alike . 
  but , what i want is not always the best for me . 
  let alone for an entire country . 
  and that is why it is a hard question to answer . 
  i can also say ` exploit of the flaws inherrent to islam ' if that makes you feel better . 
  the fact remains that locking them up wo n't make for citizens that love the country even more . 
  if any , they will hate us even more . 
  it is a delicate balance and perhaps one of the harder questions we face as a western civilization . 
  that is nice . 
  i wish that would be the case for the whole eu . 
  but you know they are going to pop out a few babies and use that as an excuse . 
  in this case , yes . 
  no one is convicted without proof . 
  so someone has to proof without a reasonable doubt that said person is or was a member of a group marked as a terrorist group . 
  so are we discussing if isis members did anything illegal ? 
  you might , i am discussing the burden of proof . 
  depends . 
  if they have treaties allowing them to do so . 
  my country does n't have those with both syria or iraq . 
  also , you got to have proof that they did anything illegal . 
  good luck with that . 
  you should look at the comments of that tweet . 
  seems that the sources are at least vague . 
  but that does not really matter anyway . 
  what will happen after a crisis is resolved ? 
  do we allow refugees to stay ? 
  do we send them back to help rebuild ? 
  no one seems to be talking about some sort of exit strategy and that worries me . 
  refugees are , as far as i am concerned , welcome to stay ( got other groups thati rather see leaving ) . 
  but i feel it would be unfair and even unwise to leave the rebuild to those who did n't have the means to get to the west . 
  they committed treason , which is one of the ladt capital offences in my country . 
  but executing them would give daesh a nice recruiting tool for confused muslims who want to be part of the main culture , but get hold back by their sub-culture . 
  at this point people are already struggling to integrate in my country . 
  even the ones who are born here do n't always seem to be able to integrate due to cultural differences . 
  and on a whole do we really want refugees to integrate ? 
  after all , who is going to rebuild the war-torn countries ? 
  yeh , no . 
  mabe in brabant , but here above the rivers there are multiple cases of xenophobic attacks by moroccans on non-moroccan inhabitants to a point where people were forced to evacuate ( culemborg and meppel come to mind ) .
