i see your point but i feel like if syria topples like the u.s. needlessly took out saddam then isis will explode in the region . 
  honestly i feel like the whole war campaign of the 2000s in the me was like what happened in the balkans before ww1 . 
  there is no fixing it and we need strong ruthless leaders there to maintain control because france and england royally fucked up dividing the continent and the u.s. even more thinking a democracy could take place there . 
  europe vould join the conflict om assads side too . 
  its either keep the status quot or let isis take over . 
  syria h\u00e1s no chance to hav\u00ea independence from assad regime with isis waiting for the scraps, 
  fair enough but it felt as if you meant money do n't leave economies . 
  most of the products we buy are imported , we live in a global market and some people to move countries borrow money from friends and family to make such a move so they feel compelled to pay those debts back.but i doubt the majority of people send significant amount of money back other than help ill family members or aid in an odd niece or nephew education . 
  they if they really are immigrants are there to start a new life . 
  what about all the wealthy all over the world investing in the dow jones , arent they doing the same in a much larger scale ? 
  money will always leave countries be it by importing oil or investment opportunities your argument is weak, 
  well its really a matter of currency conversion and stupidity . 
  an euro is 100 ghana dollars ( whatever their currency is ) thus if i live in europe and earn euros i 'll be rich . 
  they get to europe earn euros but everything is in euro so reality kicks in, 
  as a brazilian who dated a german in the u.s. now have a german roommate back in brazil and most germans seem to like me just be white and blonde seems to help, 
  very progressive of russia to not just do it but to deal with the bureaucracy, 
  is n't breivik attending college for political science ? 
  honestly they already took the economic hit and oil prices have plunged . 
  the west has done nothing but give them more reason to push for it now . 
  otherwise what will they do , deal with economic sanctions every 5 years ... 
  the west is showing to not really give a shit about some of the old ussr countries . 
  the west really only cares about a handful of nations this reality is becoming increasingly more apparent . 
  great war means more than a one side conflict , you could say the great war you speak of started in 2001 when the u.s. attacked iraq, 
  europe and russia really need to ally and have the u.s. as a sidekick instead of being the sidekick, 
  yeah ... and airliners do n't do so everyday albeit when there is maintenance to be done ... 
  water landing ? 
  this is roughly 10x as many people that were murdered on charlie hebdo and governments wo n't try to pass new laws that are anti privacy because of it . 
  on another note this is the first time in many decades that the germans blew something up in france . 
  i guess i am a nazi too also born in 88 , better keep this as a secret ... oh wait blonde light eyed south american here fuuuuuuck ( family italian/austrian ), 
  it 's because that 's where the poles change, 
  fa\u00dfcin\u0101t\u00ef\u00f1g, 
  he was an investor in the cash for gold ads , and he would often tell his viewers to sell their gold or horde it bc the dollar was going to collapse, 
  damn that means glenn beck got screwed , which makes me happy ... whatever happened to that guy , he was so damn entertaining to see in the daily show, 
  i went alone to new years as a male and the groups that would abuse a woman were calling me names . 
  so yeah even for men going in groups is the safe way to go out to mass events were people over consume alcohol . 
  go out to new years alone and tell me how it works out . 
  half of the america asia and africa had a dictator in name of us/europe friendship so maybe you guys do n't need it but deserve it . 
  trump 2016 fucking idiots teaching transgenderism to 4 year old . 
  maybe you need to suffer to be men again ever consider that from an south american austrian seeing you bitches lose your masculinity . 
  no wonder i pick up swedish women left and right in rio they want a man not a toy , that they have in their drawer imbecile, 
  not without russia half of the eu are bankers bending over to the u.s. but i do n't expect you to understand econony, 
  you 'd think russia was part of europe with you guys obsession with it . 
  fucking accept russia as it is and become the world 's biggest super power instead of think transgenderism classes is what is important . 
  it alienates those who want to be . 
  there 's nothing inherently controversial about what he said biologically . 
  but we live in the age of political correctness and being old fashioned is a sin, 
  honestly a telecom company firing someone due to free speech is a shot in the foot . 
  they facilitate terrorism , racism , etc with their products everyday . 
  maybe we should ban phones since so much crap comes from them, 
  women get children 90 % of the time . 
  women stay at home to raise the child the first few years till childcare so they get alimony . 
  if you do n't have a submissive wife you may lose your chance to raise a family with your complete income . 
  the system is unfair so i prefer a woman with traditional values than a cock breath short skirt wearing drama queen, 
  that 's fine but its stupid to make women an untouchable subject . 
  people are fallible including women . 
  truth is the ideal woman in the eye of feminism is not the ideal woman to marry . 
  if a company offered me a sponsorship i 'd take their money but not change who i am . 
  i would n't change for money if you would its your problem . 
  props to him for not selling his views for money, 
  they are discriminating free speech , men and women can have opinions about the type of person they want . 
  there are plenty of men and women willing and wanting to be subservient and wanting subserviency . 
  there is nothing inherently wrong in projecting your desires and standing by them . 
  i hold similar values as the singer and if i could provide for my wife and children i would n't want her to work . 
  truth is there are plenty of women who want that too so more power to him for announcing his wants instead of lying in the name of political correctness . 
  trump is winning the republican card because people are sick and tired of this overtly sensitive society, 
  he took the pressure off of women and placed it into men . 
  that is the founding principle of feminism , otherwise after divorce women would n't ask for child support as well as alimony, 
  good luck controlling religious parents in not sharing biblical stories . 
  abuse from a girl that i 've heard of was her step grandpa . 
  i recently talked to someone whose entire family ( apparently cousins ) have had sex with each other , this cycle of abuse started with the two eldest cousins ( females ) and spread to all cousins in his family . 
  from the way he talks about it he does n't view it as wrong nor abuse in fact he said what better person than your cousin since you know they wo n't want to hurt you . 
  my anecdotal evidence is the same that goes on most police reports . 
  i hear one side of the story and i file away just because there are n't police reports does n't mean it does n't happen . 
  now feminism , likes to get numbers and fuck with them so they become meaningless , from your link . 
  ` offenders are overwhelmingly male , ranging from adolescents to the elderly ( page 171 ) . ` this is meaningless to a parent of 3 year old male with a 9 year old sister . 
  it gives a false sense of security . 
  because 100 % of the abusers are older . 
  now in the small percentage of perpetrators 4 in 5 are males according to statistics ( i 'd expect this number to be 3 in 2 to be closer to reality . ), 
  so it is a blatant propaganda , it masks the important fact , younger children are vulnerable to older children undergoing puberty who have a history of abuse . 
  ` some perpetrators are female . 
  it is estimated that women are the abusers in about 14 % of cases reported among boys and 6 % of cases reported among girls . ` the propaganda starts right away . 
  some perpetrators are women , as if it happens but it 's not normal . 
  notice how they do n't provide the age group of the women most likely to abuse , that way we do n't know if it 's teenage girls , mothers , or grandmothers . 
  in essence women abusers are hiding behind a veil provided by feminist sensibilities . 
  if i was a lawyer i could use this statistic to guarantee supervised custody to my husband and guarantee i have full custody . 
  ` approximately one-third of offenders are themselves juveniles ` this sounds a bit low i 'd expect more than half to be juveniles , this is the fact i found most alarming if it is indeed true . 
  ` 23 % of reported cases of child sexual abuse are perpetrated by individuals under the age of 18 ` hmmm let 's go back , about 1/3 of offenders are juvenile and yet 23 % were perpetrated by someone under 18 . 
  i consider juvenile 18 or younger . 
  so 23 % of perpetrators make up one/third of them . 
  either the numbers they are using are wrong or they are counting repeated offenders more than once . 
  again typical feminist misinformation . 
  so if 23 % account to 33 % of the abuse then we can go back up there and drastically lower the number of male abusers if recurring ones are counted more than once . 
  less male child abusers means more women abusers . 
  again blatant use of misinformation . 
  ` only 14 % of children who suffered sexual abuse were violated by an unknown perpetrator ` no indication of gender or age . 
  my guess is this one would be too even to skew so based on the narrative they are already selling your brain will think this are most likely strange men even though i do n't see many parents leaving their children with strange men , ( maybe church thus the high number priests have of child abuse ) however i 've seen many adults trust unknown women with their children . 
  ` 60 % of children are sexually abused by someone in their social circle . 
  hence , the phrase `` stranger danger '' is misleading ( page 172 ) . ` this is pretty straight forward no observations here . 
  ` meta-analysis estimates that 14 % of sexual offenders commit another sexual offense after five years , 24 % after fifteen years ` so here the data they used to inflate the number of male child abuser by counting the recidivism of a few which explains the 1/3 23 % doubt . 
  so if 24 % are likely to relapse the male number is inflated by 25 % so 4 in 1 becomes 3 in 2 .
