  `` j\u00f6ns '' was informed of plenty of job openings , `` muhammad '' was told of few . 
  they had the same credentials and they all spoke perfect swedish . 
  there was also a case handled by j\u00c4mo where bars in malm\u00f6 ( ? ), 
  routinely told young men of foreign heritage the bars were full , but let in their swedish-looking friends . 
  they were all law students and filmed the whole thing . 
  both of these were some years ago ( we had a project about discrimination in * gymnasiet * ) , but racism just for racism 's sake is still out there . 
  my guess would be `` back in the day '' , a stereotype hollywood has used for a long time , except it 's gotten exaggerated with time . 
  source : none whatsoever , just seems plausible . 
  upperclass people here do not use the oh-so satisfying guttural sj sound , just the sharp sh sound ( the spelling is largely interchangeable ) . 
  at least that 's a pretty common view . 
  then there are people who pronounce the k in `` kex '' ( cracker ) as `` sh '' , but they 're just wrong . 
  tom lehrer put it quite nicely in regards to [ national brotherhood week ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ailj8zcs4jy ) . 
  bbc in essence works like dr ( i think that 's the danish equivalent ) . 
  berlusconi was just crazy though , since he controlled most tv channels before he was elected . 
  while prime minister i think he controlled something like 90 % of all television broadcasts in italy . 
  yeah , the article is from a ridiculously biased `` newspaper '' ( friatider ) that 's been popping up on reddit recently . 
  pay no heed to it . 
  edit : `` sweden change people '' is poor translation , in the original it says `` sverige byter folk '' , roughly meaning sweden is switching its demographic , insinuating that sweden will no longer be populated by swedes ( not sure if that was clear ) . 
  in my ( quite rural ) part of the country you get coffee / tea , biscuits , a sandwich or two , some chocolate and every like 5th visit a material good , and then on `` bigger '' visits you get bigger stuff . 
  we got a big glass bowl a couple of years ago , but then my dad has been donating blood for like 30 years . 
  there 's also the meds to help you recover of course . 
  if you 're buying bread at 170 sek / loaf , you might want to go to another store . 
  having only had `` proper '' food from sweden , the netherlands and germany , i 'm mostly wondering if all german food is dry . 
  i spent a week there as an exchange student and i do n't think i saw a single sauce or gravy during my entire stay , which was something of a shock to me as we usually have some kind of sauce or gravy with everything . 
  surely if you serve schnitzel with fried potatoes and fried vegetables you 'd want something to make it less dry ? 
  not having travelled much , i 've only run into a couple of things i like from outside sweden , and they 're all dutch . 
  patatje speciaal , those lovely pizza-pancakes and the wonderful vla in particular ( though how anyone can eat sprinkles on a sandwich i 'll never understand ) . 
  oh yes , we 've even gone so far as to get it named after us , just to make sure you never forget . 
  yeah , there are some great scandinavian foods , and if you veer off the traditional path everyday food can often be varied to infinity . 
  plus , we have lingonsylt . 
   every other german reject that style and is instead sporting the macgyver mullet and the socks and sandals combo . 
  do n't forget the tracksuits !, 
  as a swede , i do n't like this table . 
  it challenges my long-standing , ignorant prejudices towards finland , and i 'm quite fond of those . 
   moreover , the maximum subject number per semester is two as compared to 8 this depends on the school . 
  i 've had semesters with 6 subjects , but we 're moving away from that because it was considered to lower the quality of the education - it basically became too disjointed and students did not perform as well as they could due to having to focus on too many things at once . 
  instead we have much larger courses . 
  for that matter , i do n't see how the number of subjects is relevant as long as you study the same number of hours . 
   sweden 5.5 that 'd explain why i was so confused . 
  if he 's extradited to sweden , both sweden and the uk have to sign off on an extradition to the us . 
  it would have been far easier for the uk to extradite him to the us directly . 
  the swedish government can not promise not to extradite him , because extradition is up to the courts . 
  that would be like the government promising him he 'd be found not guilty . 
  because the legal system does not do as a suspected criminal wants . 
  it 's a book by an american comic who hosts a satirical news show ( the colbert report ) . 
  true , the people need to move back in the future for it to help , but until then they are reducing the demands on the welfare system in their home country . 
  they are n't helping anyone by staying in unemployed in portugal rather than employed in germany . 
  i hear they 're even forcing the uk to rename their fine , traditional sausages `` emulsified high-fat offal tubes '' . 
  you could n't make this stuff up !, 
  pretty interesting that sheeps heads are apparently eaten in norway and on gotland , but not in sweden . 
  must be the danish connection . 
  there 's even a tradition among some jewish groups for the rabbi to [ suck on the penis after cutting . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brit_milah#suction.2c_metzitzah_technique ) it 's very uncommon nowadays , but still . 
  if a teacher can be found , yes . 
  i think the school has an obligation to do everything in its power to try and find one , though depending on where in sweden you are it might not be possible . 
  yes , engelska a is mandatory for everyone though at my school at least it was treated much like math a with different levels of difficulty for different programs . 
  that pissed me off to no end , let me tell you . 
  people got mvg in engelska a for doing stuff 1-2 years below our level . 
  i never understood why an aptitude or interest in natural science meant that you were as good at english as the people intending to read social sciences - laguage . 
  in university studies you 'll occasionally run into english-based classes depending on what you 're studying . 
  we have a couple of greeks and a luxembourgian heading a couple of courses . 
  the dutch have nothing on us scandinavians when it comes to liquorice . 
  we 've got chocolate bars filled with liquorice . 
  we 've got liquorice covered in salt sold in bags . 
  that 's nothing , you do realize people far further north commute by bike as well right ? 
  it 's not like it ever gets all that cold in the netherlands anyway . 
  when i was there for new years a couple of years back people got really excited because it started snowing even though it melt when it hit the ground . 
  we had dinner outside . 
  i use my bike to go to school every day no matter the weather and it gets a fair bit colder than -5 c in sweden . 
  they also need to be accepted by those countries , and a lot of countries do n't accept refugees at all . 
  in 2009 sweden accepted 7500 refugees but there are no war zones anywhere near here . 
  it 's true that the vast majority of refugees go to countries nearby , but tens or hundreds of thousands do n't . 
  a large portion of the muslims in sweden are refugees , as we accept a lot of them . 
  a study in 200 suggested the largest groups of muslims in sweden were bosnian , iranian , iraqi and turkish . 
  apparantly there 's a fair few indians who were driven out of uganda by amin . 
  also worth pointing out : numbers for sweden are complete guesswork . 
  seems also worth pointing out that it 's easier for a us corporation to grow huge by going national , while to do the same in europe ( i.e. 
  reach the same number of consumers ) would require going international . 
  while it 's probably easier to go international within the eurozone than anywhere else , there are still far more hurdles to do so than to expand to another state within the us . 
  most of the songs are pure spectacle , but at the same time the winner is usually pretty decent . 
  it used to be a proper music competition ( though abba and celine dion are probably the only ones to make it big afterwards ) , but now it 's just a bit of fun . 
  the uk sends bad songs , complain that they did n't win , loudly declare that they do n't want to win . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  brits in general do n't care , but at the same time their media and entertainment shows talk about it every year and how the only reason engelbert did n't win is political voting - nevermind that it was n't interesting , not best at anything , targetted at the wrong demographic and that the winner got points from every country bar 1 . 
  abba got fairly big after winning it . 
  it 's taken pretty damn seriously in sweden . 
  since we won there 's constantly been stories of how we 're going to host it in the `` news '' . 
  when we do n't win ( and no nordic country does ) , it 's a national tragedy . 
  the media plays it up hugely , but people do care , usually more about eurovision than the swedish selection since nearly everyone hates whatever song we send every year . 
  finished third , though way way behind the winner . 
  f\u00f6rsvarsmakten always have good ads imo . 
  this , first world/third world life and the officer training ones are all good . 
  i was in the red light district years ago , weird as hell . 
  i was 8 at the time , but still ... weird as hell . 
  the bad weather could be in bergen . 
  200 + days of rain can safely be called bad . 
  but yeah , apart from the price sweden and norway are probably more or less interchangeable tourist destinations ( with norway ahead on mountains and fjords ) . 
  too many anti-semites . 
  my reaction as well , dalm\u00e5l covers a huge portion of central sweden . 
  they also added `` m\u00e5l '' to `` norrl\u00e4ndska '' .
