  that should be enough for anyone . 
  there 's actually a decent chance it 's the same guy . 
  he 's presented our points at least twice and was a presenter last time we hosted . 
  just this year though , as part of the 60th anniversary of eurovision . 
  they 'll only be back next year if they win . 
  more relevant than engelbert at least . 
  wrap-ap-ap it up . 
  ah , the finnish drinking game . 
  i 'm torn . 
  on the one hand , i want to win eurovision way too much . 
  on the other , i have an irrational hatred for m\u00e5ns . 
  whatever the result i wo n't be entirely happy : /, 
   sweden gets 12 points i like this game . 
  man , the rest of the nordics must not get any points at all . 
  there 's no way we can be carrying three of them . 
  [ you 've never heard turtles mating , have you ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3emevdipzra ), 
  unfortunately it 's performed by the asshat who did all the `` hashtag pretty lady '' stuff when we hosted . 
  what 's the value for our justice system in comparing swedish statistics to estonian statistics ? 
  the point of the statistics is to see trends , not to compete with other countries . 
  it 's not like the entire world collects other statistics the same way . 
  the us and many countries in the eu have very different ways in collecting statistics on assault , for example . 
  the us statistics on assaults only include aggravated assault , while some european countries include all forms of assault , france records something inbetween the two , and the uk just has a general `` violence against person '' statistic which includes robbery and rape ( which are also recorded separately ) . 
  so you ca n't do a direct comparison between any two of the us , the uk , france , and germany . 
  or new zealand , and probably not australia or canada either . 
   also robbery and immigration crime rates and refugee population are both inverse effects of the wealth of the municipality . 
  municipalities get a grant for housing refugees , which the poor municipalities jump at while the rich municipalities do n't house any at all ( liding\u00f6 , for example , `` accept '' 8 refugees per year and then pay to house them elsewhere ) . 
  the only country they give more points to than sweden is russia , so we 'll probably be alright . 
  edit : jesus , did n't realize it was that bastard representing us . 
  i still cringe thinking about his `` hashtag pretty lady '' stuff when hosting . 
  the baltics do n't squat , that 's more of a balkan thing . 
  according to wiki , the top 6 countries they give points to in the final are : 1 . 
  sweden ( 123 ) 3 . 
  norway ( 71 ) 4 . 
  santa is n't swedish , he 's arctic . 
  sjws are clear on that : homeless white people have more power than obama , because they are white . 
  they also oppress women with their very existance . 
  it seems he keeps them on the table . 
  well , they did get away with annexing crimea . 
  `` sleep sex '' is `` auto rape . '', 
  it 's even listed as an example in swedish law . 
  both sweden and the uk would have to agree to the extradition . 
  additionally , sweden can not extradite people for political crimes , which any charge in the us would no doubt include . 
  the swedish constitution prevents the government from commenting on judicial decisions . 
  that very much includes promising to overrule a possible extradition ruling . 
  a bangladeshi couple had their child temporarily taken by child services for child abuse . 
  bangladeshi media got angry because beating kids is fine there . 
  my guess is that when our unions do strike , they go all-out . 
  for example , [ toys-r-us ran into some problems . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2015/03/18/sweden-retail-unions_n_6888328.html ) 150 employees on strike , transport personnel refused to deliver to them , warehouse workers would n't move their goods , bank employees would n't cash their checks , press would n't publish their ads , and the unions encouraged their members not to shop there . 
  afaik sweden is the only country where they employ union members and adhere to collective bargaining . 
  according to [ wiki ] ( http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/torsdag_kveld_fra_nydalen ) this is from a comedy show , which should explain a lot . 
  she apologized and told him that ~ ~ she was leaking ~ ~ her breast was hurting , and really had to take care of it . 
  after she started pumping , she said that it causes the other nipple to leak so she had to hold a cup there . 
  it is a comedy show however . 
  if he returns to the norwegian league , it wo n't be a high-profile case . 
  it 's not like zlatan took time off while playing in italy . 
  the idea is two-fold : 1 : it is better for the child if it has lots of contact with both parents during the first year . 
  2 : women are still expected to be the caregiver . 
  it would be better if it was accepted that men can fill that role just as well , and it would be better for the mother to return to work sooner . 
  i 'm not sure how it 's done here in sweden , but i * think * there are simply economical incentives for paternal leave . 
  the mother can still use that leave , but the couple would get more money if the father did . 
  no matter how many times people try , it will never be the same thing . 
  `` kindergarten '' for sweden in swedish . 
  they did a survey on that , and students take it no less seriously than they did 10 years ago . 
  results have just slipped a lot . 
  swedish forests used to be full of east european and south-east asian berrypickers every fall , but there 's been a lot of abuse in the system so i do n't know how common it is now . 
  it would be pretty strange to learn computer science terms in swedish though , since all the languages are based on english and it would really mess up comprehension and , bluntly , googling . 
  yeah , that was never discussed at all from what i remember . 
  we 'll never be able to do a damn thing about a russian invasion . 
  our defence strategy has been `` make it too expensive to take the country '' , but russia is n't exactly famous for skimping on the military , and we have way too much in the way of natural resources and as a strategic location for russia to ever make it expensive enough . 
  amusingly most people seem to blame the current government which came into power 6 months ago , rather than the previous government which gutted the defence for 8 years and is now demanding a large increase in defence spending . 
  we have a fairly bad ( not undeserved ) reputation as tourists in many places . 
  sort of . 
  it 's a rich , far-left neighborhood in stockholm , and basically the base for the `` feminist '' f !, 
  party ( 3.1 % nationally , 11 % on s\u00f6dermalm ) . 
  whenever you hear about some weird pc or feminist statement there 's a good chance it was written on s\u00f6dermalm or said by someone living there . 
  a large portion of our journalists live there . 
  m\u00e4nniskan sounds derogatory ( i ca n't think of a time it 's used other than to be angry about someone ) , vederb\u00f6rande and personen are really quite formal , and han is inaccurate . 
  nobody 's stopping anyone from using any of these words , but there is a place for hen . 
  ah yes , removing `` niggerking '' from a childrens book . 
  clearly pc gone mad . 
  nevermind that the [ author regretted doing it 40 years ago . 
  germany did n't invade norway from sweden . 
  that 's why they made the ihdi , putting us in the top 10 . 
  non-refugee immigration into most ( all ? ), 
  eu countries is actually quite difficult . 
  our unemployment rate for non-eu immigrants is all due to us taking in so many refugees . 
  no it is n't , israel is still angry . 
  the opening last night ... that was probably the worst thing i 've ever seen in melodifestivalen or eurovision , and that includes sean banan . 
  he was born in colombia , adopted by sami parents . 
  i 've never heard of any guy doing it . 
   like the english , but can count . 
  but not to 6 , huh ? 
  slightly related : our left party wants quotas of at least 50 % women in boards . 
  100 % women is fine , 51 % men is not . 
  or being removed from the board to meet the quota . 
  because clearly this person is more qualified to be on the board than the current boardmember due to their gender . 
  it 'd be better to describe them . 
  you would n't get angry reactions from muslim students that way .
