  when a point announcer says something in swedish . 
  sorry uk , looks like iceland sent the sexier ballad . 
  `` melodi grand prix '' ... silly danes . 
  it sure is n't anything else . 
  yeah , the brits have never tried anything like that . 
  nope , the act is chosen by the bbc . 
  careful now . 
  holy shit romania sent dracula . 
  dubstep dracula even . 
  we do n't have the magical red button :(, 
  after todays hockey game , they may have changed their mind . 
  well , armenias song was apparantly written by a black sabbath member ... 
  we 're just ruthlessly competitive . 
  art has nothing to do with it : it 's all about getting as many points as possible . 
  it does n't help that we 're constantly touted as favourites . 
  the year we sent the ark and they did n't win people were * furious * . 
  did you have an hour before the show started discussing statistics and the value of when you perform ? 
  we did . 
  two more than france , luxembourg , sweden and the uk at 5 . 
  more than humperdinck though . 
  i genuinely thought he was made up by eddie izzard until last year . 
  i think that 's due to being in idol . 
  for some reason damn near every guy who appears on that show ends up giving off those vibes . 
  but then some paper always complains about how the uk never gets any votes . 
  jedward became huge here for a while . 
  nobody outside the uk and ireland had ever heard of them before , so they were just a funny pop duo to the rest of us ... 
  the swedish commentator said something similar . 
  on the other hand , a sketch was cancelled because the bbc ( among others ) protested the use of `` fuck '' . 
  it 's actually better this way , because the script for that sketch was terrible , embarassing and pretty damn arrogant . 
  ours is fairly serious , discussing the countrys past performances in the competition and a short biography of the performer ( s ) . 
  making fun of the acts during the broadcast would not go down well at all . 
  the videos are there to be spoken over though . 
  following the uks lead over the past few years , someone nobodys heard from in decades . 
  so , humperdinck and then bonnie tyler . 
  have you considered sending someone who was n't big before the viewers were born , and thus seems old and stale ? 
  humperdinck barely even moved last year . 
  i ca n't stand the host , so no . 
  i 'll still watch the final , but i wo n't be happy about it . 
  it 's actually very hard to find a place to live in most cities ( at least in sweden ) . 
  at the start of term every year people literally sleep in parks or university buildings here . 
  they were hunted to near-extinction , and there are plenty of people who think we have far too many wolves as it is . 
  the authorities are saying the population is very frail with a lot of inbreeding going despite having bought wolves from russia and released them . 
  farmers say the wolves kill too many sheep , and hunters say the wolves kill elk and deer they ( the hunters ) want to kill . 
  the rules are n't that strict if they 're like we have . 
  as long as you do n't try to name your kid horsecock you 'll be fine . 
  you do know that site is all about demonizing non-britons , right ? 
  in my very specific bit of europe , the high waterlevel in the river . 
  the spring flood is unusually big this year , and as a result the annual rafting event on april 30th may be cancelled :( it also messed up communications , flooding parts of the railroad . 
  other than that , the largest lottery win of all time in sweden ( $ 28 million ) has been payed out . 
  oh yeah , and bieber is here , with some pretty bad effects . 
  people were crying outside the hotel because he ignored them , and someone has been injured trying to see him . 
  i 'm fine with it , especially as they 're hardly ever used except to put down animals ( if the police ca n't get a hunter there ) . 
  but the tradition here is that the church of sweden can ring their bells whenever they want , but no other religious group is allowed to do anything of the sort . 
  i 'd prefer if both prayer calls and church bells were banned , but until then it would be wholly unfair to allow one and ban the other . 
  we already allow churches to ring their bells whenever they want , i see no good reason why the church of sweden would be allowed to call to service and not a mosque . 
  my guess is a majority of the population in the area understand the call just fine . 
  church bells do that to people all over the country already . 
  the difference is that this mosque may do it once a week and has to inform nearby residents before doing so . 
  i 'd prefer neither of the two , but i 'd much prefer muslims to be allowed to have prayer calls if the church of sweden is allowed to ring their bells . 
  yeah , ca n't remember ever hearing about any such requirement here . 
  there are fully english masters as well , especially in it . 
  the master in computer science in uppsala for instance is entirely taught in english . 
  well , he did apparantly ( try to ) smuggle something like 4 kg of cocaine into the country . 
  to be fair , we do those things as well . 
  it 's just a shame we do n't have the same athletic rivalry as we do with finland ( ice hockey / [ finnkampen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland-sweden_athletics_international ) ) and denmark ( football ) . 
  skis do n't count !, 
  you stay away northug !, 
  they 've tried introducing cheese-flavoured chips in sweden once or twice . 
  it failed big time , along with the bearnaise chips ( they tasted like vomit ) . 
  try : lingonberry jam . 
  any food usually served with it is probably fantastic . 
  deer , elk , boar etc. 
  is usually served with it . 
  meatballs with boiled potatoes , cream sauce and lingonberry jam ( possibly with pickled cucumber ) is just fantastic . 
  you could also go for ( swedish ) pancakes , lingonberry jam and whipped cream - possibly served with pea soup on a thursday , as is traditional . 
  tart , homemade jam is best as the mass-produced ones are usually full of sugar and do n't taste right . 
  avoid : according to the great chef tore wretman , \u00f6lsupa ( a soup ) . 
  it 's made from beer , milk , egg , sugar , salt and ginger . 
  i ca n't imagine it 's any good at all . 
  i 'm no linguist , so i 'll just say the small , very annoying trait of hugely inconsistent spelling for some sounds in swedish . 
  the `` sj '' - sound ( supposedly near-unique to swedish ) can be spelt in the following ways , disregarding minor dialects : 1 . sj 2 . sk 3 . stj 4 . skj 5 . sch 6 . sh 7 . ch 8 . ti 9 . i 10 . ssi 11 . si 12 . g 13 . j 14 . sti 15 . xj 16 . stg 17 . ge naturally , only one spelling is acceptable in any given word , and some ( xj , j ) are only found in one or two words . 
  other than that , all i can say with certainty is that we also have fun with compound words . 
  for those of you who do not speak a language with compound words , this leads to the terrible occurence of disjointed words , i.e. 
  misspelling a compound word into its parts . 
  as a quick example , `` r\u00f6kfritt '' is the swedish term for `` no smoking '' . 
  insert a space , however and you get `` r\u00f6k fritt '' - smoke freely . 
  i was watching some gameshow where they played a sentence and then asked what language it was . 
  i guessed russian , it was portuguese . 
  somehow the contestant thought it was german though . 
  [ the leader of ukip calling van rompuy a `` damp rag '' and belgium a `` non-country '' . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byplwi5aqvy ), 
  they 're protesting against racial profiling . 
  and standing in the european parliament calling belgium a `` made up '' country and shouting `` who are you ? 
  who are you ? '', 
  at a high-up official does n't exactly improve the uk 's image . 
  who will represent us at eurovision ? 
  did people actually vote for sean banan ? 
  will the production quality be better at eurovision than during the selection process ? 
  well , that 's all i think about anyway . 
  the data for sweden is wrong .
