  at least on tv ( one channel may show shrek twice in one evening , once dubbed and once subbed ) . 
  my teachers ever only demanded consistency . 
  if you used `` trousers '' you could n't write `` color '' etc. 
  i like how we buy alcohol in a country with 40 % higher prices than the eu average to save money . 
  would n't be the first time . 
  taiwan and the south of china were `` conquered '' by han chinese migrations . 
  it 's right in a way . 
  all finnish students learn english at some point , but if these stats are for years 1-9 and english is n't taught 1-3 , then 30 % are not learning english right now . 
  same thing with the swedish stat for german and french : nearly everyone learns german , french or spanish but only for three years . 
  it really is damned warm up here . 
  not that i 'm complaining or anything , but some wind would be nice . 
  amusingly , sweden is warmer than western europe . 
  20c temperatures pretty much every day . 
  we do n't `` have '' ikea though . 
  it 's owned by a dutch trust nowadays . 
  they have been known to accidentally kill , and so were deemed unsafe . 
  you still kick our ass on skis every year . 
  and it kind of contradicts `` nice universities '' if my stockholmian friends are to be believed . 
  and dutch sounds like a drunk trying to talk german . 
  we went east , fucking with the russians while the danes fucked with the french . 
  i ca n't :( i 'll watch it tomorrow , luckily i 'll be busy all day and hopefully it wo n't be spoiled . 
  very few countries accept asylum seekers . 
  they ca n't really pick and choose . 
  most of them are refugees accepted for humanitarian reasons . 
  moving to sweden ( from outside schengen ) with no qualifications is pretty much impossible . 
  sure , there 's no real financial barrier but with the poorer schools in their area they wo n't be able to compete in academic achievment , and be ill prepared for higher education if they do get in . 
   christian ii i 'm not sure a dane who ruled sweden for less than a year can really be called swedish . 
   carl x gustavson hehe , it 's carl x gustaf ( assuming you were going for the 17th century ) . 
  it 's a double first name . 
  you sure do , though a lot of our immigrants are refugees who may never consider sweden their home but rather where they live until their home country stabilizes . 
  the us , by comparison , basically does n't take in refugees . 
  yeah , this would have been much better if the rioters were armed . 
  do n't forget that a lot of sds leaders are ... off-putting , and were before the election as well . 
   nhl players in the playoffs ca n't compete . 
  this applies to everyone , you know . 
  i do n't think any non-nhl player would get a spot in a full-strength swedish squad . 
  but do you prefer the olympics ? 
  because the us has n't won that in 30 years . 
  there 's also the swedish / r/swarje, 
  no epic sax guy or moonwalking bagpiper this year though . 
  nah , it was just longest since denmark won . 
  we 'll just keep it up north now . 
  [ one of my all-time favourite esc songs , ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i45kmnp55hq ) though the [ winner that year was n't bad either . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eync7zqiy9o ), 
  there 's a reason it holds the record for most points . 
  he was just fantastic . 
  only one country can win at a time , it was denmarks turn this year . 
  a guy on the show called the host a milf . 
  with two same-sex kisses , a mans naked ass and saying milf , i have a feeling there will be comments about this . 
  [ aww yusss . 
  just look at it as something we have in common , like a rivalry with our southern neighbours . 
  stole all of irelands gay votes , no doubt . 
  you were 5th like 4 years ago . 
  like every year . 
  [ i still prefer denmarks last winner . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avohqctnti0 ), 
  there are too many of them , they ca n't focus like vastly supriour nordic bloc can . 
  i 'm getting embarassingly pleased every time they try to speak swedish . 
  estonia , watch and learn : do n't mention you 're neighbours and the crowd wo n't boo . 
  and azerbaijan does n't evne have any neighbours . 
  i 'm gon na try and find a download tomorrow . 
  bulgaria gave us points ? 
  but ... they 're not in scandinavia ... 
  he came second in our selection process this year , apparantly this was the consolation price . 
  stop saying hashtag you ass . 
  edit : what is wrong with you ? 
  meanwhile , there would n't be a swede alive . 
  and azerbaijan two years ago . 
  i swear half of these point awarders are drunk out of their minds . 
  we gave 12 points to norway ? 
  shocking !, 
  we got points from all but one country last year . 
  the uk does give us a lot of points though . 
  wiki says you only give more points to ireland . 
  our media also complains about the eastern and balkan voting `` blocs '' . 
  there is no nordic voting bloc though , all of us just always send the best songs . 
  oh yes . 
  sweden would gladly foot the cost if necessary . 
  eurovision ** must happen . 
  yes . 
  she uses fans a lot in her acts , but i kinda doubt anyone outside of sweden knew that . 
  and a mans naked ass . 
  bent over . 
  okay , now they 're just messing with turkey on purpose . 
  what is going on ? 
  a terrible sketch , you 're not missing anything of value . 
  there was a mans naked ass though . 
  should be popular ... 
  oh god no , i thought this sketch was cancelled . 
  oh , of course * france * is the example on how to vote !, 
   `` ireland will be competing for the same votes as us : a lone guy with an upturned fringe and an up-tempo song . '', 
  ah yes , that demographic . 
  and france could send daft punk , and the uk someone under 60 !, 
  hey !, 
  we sent a feminine , blond guy !, 
  norway waht r u doin norway stahp, 
  it might just be a revolutionary retirement scheme . 
  two 60 + performers in a row ca n't be a coincidence . 
  you 're one to talk . 
  world championship finals 2011 ?
