of course they have agency . 
  russia has agency to invade and annex . 
  ukraine has agency to defend and kill their russian invaders . 
  the west is the only one who seems to lack any agency . 
  also , the tiresome invocation of nuclear war as a get out of jail free card to absolve the west of any and all responsibility and accountability when dealing with russia is getting really old . 
  if 100 000 joint nato troops were sent to ukraine right after those 100 or so people were killed in maidan , * before russia invaded * , none of this would 've happened . 
  no russian invasion , no crimea annexation , no plane shot down , no war in the east , no annexation in the east , nothing . 
  all with 0 risk of nuclear war . 
  they could 've even told those assholes stationed in crimea to pack their shit and go back to russia . 
  they would 've left . 
  but please tell me , what is your solution to a war in europe being waged by a force that has historically been unbelievably aggressive towards europe other than using overwhelming force to physically kill and remove said enemy ? 
  he just literally took it further . 
  more annexation in the form of those elections . 
  more troops moved into ukraine . 
  more fighting in donetsk and mariupol . 
  all that 's needed for russia to annex all of ukraine is lack of foreign military intervention . 
  all that 's needed to save ukraine from russian annexation is foreign military intervention . 
  by not intervening , europe is actively enabling russia . 
  western europe is in bed with these guys . 
  thousands of romanians outside their home country struggled today throughout europe against their sleep schedules and deliberate self-important narcissistic idiocy according to which no one else on earth would be smart enough to figure out voting after noon would theoretically mean a lot less waiting time provided every other romanian in the region is not a colossal oaf as well . 
  cease to exist . 
  that 's why i asked , not even a word ? 
  because they literally said they would react ? 
  i 'm not blaming them , i 'm holding them to their word . 
  the us clearly said they `` will react '' if russia attacks eastern ukraine . 
  after crimea got annexed , after russia annexed it ... after they said they would react if russia attacked crimea . 
  any statements from the us ? 
  the state that is totally not enabling russia and has fought long and hard through countless armed conflicts to repel russian aggression in europe ? 
  there were reports of russian troops starting to pincer mariupol [ yesterday ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/2kvppv/russian_troops_are_starting_a_pincer_movement_to/ ) . 
  it 's also curious that the date putin has chosen to annex more of ukraine , under the charade of the `` rebel referendum '' , coincides with the romanian presidential elections . 
  very impressive , especially when you consider that the average westerner would 've clasped his eager lips around the nearest russian cock months ago if his supposed allies abandoned him and told him to fuck off and die . 
  it 's good to know that when russia will start pushing beyond ukraine we 'll stand alone . 
  yes , since the west is and has been enabling russia from the very beginning , media coverage will gradually decrease as they advance further into ukraine . 
  it looks like they 're pushing into mariupol as we speak . 
  with more annexation to follow tomorrow , which coincides with the romanian presidential elections for some bizarre reason ; and the massive airplane trolling in the past week , god only knows what 's gon na happen next . 
  thirteen twenty picichi ? 
  this is an act of war and a huge one too . 
  russia would never allow europe or anyone else to do this kind of thing right now . 
  failure to react will be seen for what it is , quivering cowardice and spinelessness . 
  [ hey , what 's up ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2kpp0h/russian_long_range_bombers_enter_portuguese/ ), 
  obama 's first concern after it got shot down was to have a chat with putin . 
  not the netherlands , not malaysia , not merkel , not ukraine , not breedlove . 
  the first person he contacted was the commander in chief of the forces who shot it down . 
  judging by the events that followed , or lack thereof , i 'd say it was a friendly conversation . 
  no one in western europe is making any moves against russia without us backing , sadly . 
  i mean the baltics , romania/moldova , poland , we 're good to go . 
  as soon as russian troops start getting lost again and wander past our borders , it 's on . 
  just like in ukraine . 
  it speaks volumes about europe when the most vehemently anti-russian leaders after the war were other communists like tito or ceausescu . 
  not that they were `` good communists '' , there 's no such thing . 
  i hate them just as much i hate their russian precursors . 
  but it 's a really glaring fact . 
  almost feels like a mockery of some alternate reality we 've missed . 
  what 's funny is that i bet if i go back to your posting history around the end 2013 when maidan happened and yanukovych was removed , i 'm probably gon na find loads of self-congratulatory comments about how tyranny was defeated , ukraine did a good job , the west sure showed russia , ukrainians are now ready to become real people , eu uber alles , such union , wow . 
  also : why is europe turning its back in ukraine ? 
   we are as liable about this as china is you could n't make this stuff up . 
  neutral nations are often times more neutral towards one side than the other . 
  a chance for the west to step in and help oust any remaining communist presence from romania during or after ceausescu 's removal . 
  it 's good to know that the west will no lift a finger against russia for the sake of any european state , even when the opportunity is handed to them . 
  hungary in ' 56 , czechoslovakia in ' 68 , romania in ' 89 , ukraine right now . 
  monuments of shame . 
  again , how should the world interpret the fact that russian military got away with murdering nato citizens , civilians ? 
  that 's a comforting thought to have . 
  well , it 's ridiculous as well as monumentally offensive too , suggesting that people in the balkans all suffer from some sort of collective mental illness that is so severe it drives people to war and genocide . 
  but i can see why someone would take refuge even in something as preposterous as that . 
  otherwise you 'd have to think about why people really hate each other and that 's icky . 
  and no one cares . 
  a country that has historically been extremely hostile towards europe is waging war in europe and the ones that are n't enabling them are fast asleep . 
  oh well , the die has been cast months ago . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how people are expecting a terrorist state to stop and turn back when it has been told repeatedly that it will encounter no military resistance outside of what the country they 're invading puts together . 
  if they refuse to identify themselves/surface/leave they should be turned into shark bait instantly . 
  the only thing stopping russian advance has been ukrainian resistance . 
  they have n't entered odessa or kiev yet because there are real people in real life that stand in their way with various killing instruments and the intent to kill them in real life . 
  all the sanctions in the world are worth less than 1 bullet fired at 1 russian solider . 
  i do n't know how much longer ukraine will hold though . 
  all this russian expansion going on , that soft power worked swimmingly , i 'm sure putin will just get bored and stop , he has to , right ? 
  pathetic . 
  but putin said he pulled those troops out . 
  you really think someone would do that ? 
  just be a kgb agent and the dictator of a terrorist state and tell lies ? 
  does anyone else notice the correlation between russian advance and the increasingly scarce coverage of the war ? 
  maybe do something about that * before * the war spreads to the baltics ? 
  remember guys , ** if no one does anything russia will just stop and go home for no reason after a while just because and they will definitely not go beyond ukraine !, 
  ** keep this in mind !, 
   ukraine ~ ~ crisis ~ ~ war, 
  guys relax , it 's not like them getting inevitably killed by russian military will trigger anything . 
  hundreds of * civilians * and nato citizens were murdered earlier this year by russian military and no one did anything . 
  estonians and lithuanians kidnapped , that man from switzerland got killed , whatever precedent you think will be set by these guys being inevitably killed has already been set . 
  apart from ukrainians , no one will fire one single bullet at the advancing russian troops until the whole thing blows beyond ukraine . 
  and then expect the torrent of pathetic and insolent lamentation . 
  * if only we would 've known putin 's intentions * !, 
  * if only we had more time to react * !, 
  * history repeats itself , alas * !, 
   where has the journalist been !, 
  as russian troops advance there will be less and less coverage since the fact that they 're being enabled by the west is glaring at this point . 
  has obama/nato said anything about the russian incursion on estonian territory and the kidnapping of that estonian and nato citizen by armed russian military ? 
  how about that lithuanian vessel ? 
  i was n't trolling . 
  dutch troops even kicked bosniaks out of their encampment thing when the serbs closed in .
