  not at all , you can do whatever you want . 
  alright let 's just agree to disagree . 
  i do n't have the energy to explain some things that should be obvious . 
  look , i do n't care what the alternative is , basescu is a cancerous element that should 've been removed ages ago . 
  his effect on the romanian society has been nothing short of catastrophic . 
  regardless of his political contributions , which have n't been beneficial at all , neither when analyzed in a vacuum nor when compared to anything else , he has single handedly ruined a vital element in the romanian collective consciousness . 
  the idea of what a politician is has been turned on its head in romania . 
  basescu 's countless antics , whether it 's stealing cell phones , lying about smacking children or literally painting targets on private citizens by calling them `` jailable '' , all of these things have corrupted people 's minds when it comes to what a politician actually is , what his job entails , what he can do and what he * ca n't * do . 
  currently there are very few places in the civilized world where things relating to politics are more poorly understood . 
  this is a dead serious issue !, 
  it transcends left vs right or eu vs russia . 
  it 's like having brain aids . 
  i do n't know how old you are or how accurately you remember the 90s , but things were completely different back then . 
  despite people being much poorer and despite not having any ties with the west , the difference in public discourse was like night and day . 
  look up any talk show or public statement from the 90s , it sounds like another country . 
  back then people did n't consider the president , and by association all politicians to be showmen , gypsy tribe leaders , stand up comedians , medieval knights or the guys you have a couple of beers with . 
  that all changed when basescu appeared and began to act as a nexus for the worst facets of post communist romania . 
  you could call it esotericism all you want . 
  people 's psychology is one of the most important elements of any society of any kind . 
  and basescu has ruined romania 's psychology . 
  of course , that 's not * all * he 's guilty of , but that 's the most heinous thing he did . 
  and that 's more than enough to warrant his removal . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i do n't know , reality ? 
  but really , what are you gon na do next year ? 
  crawl on your hands and knees all the to ~ ~ antwerp ~ ~ brussels and beg them to give him another 10 years so the evil communists do n't take over ? 
   is currently the only romanian politician whose trial was indefinitely discontinued due to his seat . 
   meanwhile the dna , all other similar institutions and an army of prosecutors have been shelling the opposition with bullshit trials after bullshit trials . 
   nothing to do with him . 
  what about next year man ? 
  you * do * know basescu will permanently go away next year , right ? 
  what then ? 
  almost as if spending the better part of the century being a seething cuntzit towards everyone around you will make them indiscriminately support anyone who tried to harm you . 
  i commented on this [ before ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1qga99/romanias_anticorruption_agency_keeps_taking_down/cdcn5cs ) . 
  this law would be dubious at best in a normal country , but stupid times call for stupid measures . 
  when you have the president officially stating that `` multiple arrests will be made shortly '' on national television you need laws like this to avoid sliding towards complete dictatorship . 
  i 'm all for education when it comes to people willing to receive it . 
  truth be told i do n't know the ins and outs of the russian situation over there , but it looks like a couple of words away from civil war . 
  i do n't know how education can help here . 
  stop being mean to russia maaaaaaaaaan !, 
  they 're like so downtrodden !, 
  lenin was your friend man !, 
  not cool man !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1rlkgs/children_in_exile_the_story_of_polish_children/cdol26b ) yes , i fully realize my language was very inappropriate . 
  communists deserve much worse and they should be chastised much harsher . 
  sharpening the tongue is a lifelong endeavor . 
  russians living in estonia are remnants of the attempted cultural , linguistic and ultimately racial genocide that the ussr tried to achieve in the baltic states . 
  they should be treated accordingly . 
   i 'm not sure when or how that changed but one thing is clear : all this handwringing about `` trust in government '' is overwrought . 
  most people seem to think it 's just fine if the government has access to information about all of their communications , contacts and movements . 
  and that can only mean they believe the government would never use it against them . 
  and maybe it wo n't , but somewhere , in that back of all of our minds now , we know that they could . 
  and that automatically changes us , even if we do n't know it . 
  is this guy quoting the unabomber ? 
   but if we know we 're being watched all the time , then we 're going to engage in behavior that is acceptable to other people , meaning we 're going to conform to orthodoxies and norms . 
  welcome to the bronze age , please cover your naked body . 
  ghr ` hgrut over there will teach you to make fire . 
   it is literally a form of prison . 
  in fact , there 's a name for it :  the panopticon is a type of institutional building designed by english philosopher and social theorist jeremy bentham in the late 18th century . 
  the concept of the design is to allow a single watchman to observe ( - opticon ) all ( pan - ) inmates of an institution without them being able to tell whether they are being watched or not . 
  although it is physically impossible for the single watchman to observe all cells at once , the fact that the inmates can not know when they are being watched means that all inmates must act as though they are watched at all times , effectively controlling their own behavior constantly . 
  everything is a form of prison as long as you 're thinking like an ape creature . 
  countries are prisons , they make you control your own identity . 
  roads are prisons , they make you control your own locomotion . 
  houses are prisons , they make you control your own daily routine and lifestyle . 
  the plethora of canons regarding all aspects of art and human expression is a prison , it makes you regulate the way you express yourself . 
  language is a prison , it makes you regulate your own communication . 
  being a social organism is a prison , it makes you regulate your own interactions with other people . 
  i knew that , as a rule of thumb , leftists are amongst the most ignorant and narrow minded people on earth , but seriously now , if humanity has two pillars , this is one of them . 
  i like to call it civilization . 
  but if you 're an ichthyostega you can call it a prison i guess . 
  i agree to disagree . 
  this is a huge leap forward . 
  several days after the us declares war on japan as a result of pearl harbor . 
  the us was warned about a month in advance by its own ambassador in japan . 
  i guess everyone is more or less free to believe whatever they want to believe . 
  the reasons behind the events are becoming less and less important anyway . 
  the basic fact remains though , and this is an underlining facet of geopolitics that will never go away , russia is exclusively the responsibility of the us . 
  hitler was n't allowed to destroy the virus of communism , so now someone has to keep it in check . 
  and since western europe 's attitude towards russia is akin to a school girl diddling her unwashed cunt under the covers late at night fantasizing about that inbred bully selling cigarettes to children and beating up third graders , i do n't see how that burden can fall anywhere else but on the shoulders of the us . 
  wow much refusal to accept geopolitical ramifications of baling out the 20th century 's biggest monster wow such having cake and eating too, 
  too bad the us smashed the luxury of isolationism into thousands of pieces when it joined ww2 and sided with stalin . 
  islamofascism , amongst many other russian creations , falls entirely on your shoulders , brave crusaders . 
  seems like russia 's race is run . 
  i feel like a lot of romania 's economic weakness in the past 10 years or so is due to 90 % of any given fund or whatever sum of money for anything and everything being stolen . 
  it 's not like the 90s when there genuinely was no money . 
  why do you think the eu fund absorption rate is so low ? 
  i feel like him going away next year will make things look a lot differently . 
  it 's not gon na be instantaneous , but the more time passes from his definitive disappearance , the more of his sinister fuckoid servants will gradually be replaced by relatively normal people , the less money will get stolen . 
   now let 's see what russia 's response will be . 
  yes . 
  shit , i 'd make irrelevant personal attacks relating to things that have fuck all to do with the subject as well if you made them public and your posting history was n't filled to the fucking brim with the same bullshit you 're posting here . 
  i 'm reasonably convinced that you 're the the lonely one here , fucker . 
  as in , if we took a journey starting in finland and kept going south through estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , ukraine and romania , me expressing my sympathy for the axis and you for those fucking subanimals around groups of 10 or more people averaging 25 years of age , you would be * far * more likely to end up in the er than me , you motherfucker . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  end what ? 
  you being a wormy fucker ? 
  i genuinely hate you and everything you represent and hope you get whipped until you choke on you own vomit and physically die . 
  fuck you and your entire existence . 
  the * fascist * summit .
