  like will_one_thing points out in the top comment , there are several nuances to this that do not become immediately apparent if you just chitchat with 5 hobos . 
  absolutely , no doubt about it , 100 % . 
  there was this thread a while back about child abuse , virtually all americans condoned it because it was done to them and they `` turned out ok '' so hey why not ? 
  i scrolled down to the bottom of the page and was a heap of dumbfounded europeans being all like `` what the fuck son ? '' . 
  that alone should raise a major red flag . 
  i 'm almost happy about this . 
  i do n't think i could come up with a more fitting punishment for eastern slavic tribes than becoming aliens in `` their own '' territories . 
  if there are any albanians here , could you please explain what 's up with the 14 % that refused to answer ? 
  seems like a pretty high number . 
  if this works canada will be singing the same song as france , italy and the uk pretty soon . 
   libertarianism is not the same same as liberalism . 
  you actually expect him to like make the difference between 2 words that are spelled and pronounced differently ? 
  you 're severely overestimating the cognitive capacities of the amorphous mass of ground pork he calls a brain . 
  since you guys ca n't seem to remove ponta 's plagiarism from your throats , tell me , if * plagiarism * is enough to disqualify someone from being prime minister , what do you think of basescu being president considering he was as red as they came and considering the whole fleet situation ? 
  before '89 he regularly worked abroad , being romania 's representative ( whatever that meant ) at anvers , can you dumbasses even fathom how red you had to be for the party to trust you enough to work abroad ? 
  literally as red as they come . 
  had romania not been run by other ex communists at the time of his election , basescu would be in prison right now . 
  he would also be doing time right now had he not been elected in 2004 since at the time he was being trialed for accidentallying the whole fleet , he was only saved by the fact that his presidency granted him immunity . 
  basescu is a criminal and should be serving a life sentence as we speak , but i guess plagiarism is serious business . 
  yeah man like those doctors !, 
  i mean , do they expect to get like * decent salaries * or something ? 
  it 's like they dedicate their lives to save people 's lives and dignities day in and day out and they 're still not happy with minimum wage pay !, 
  i mean , jesus christ get another job or something !, 
  let 's put on our navy blue tracksuits , meet up in the woods and further discuss this issue over some barbecued pig napes , you know , how the top predators of the concrete jungle roll . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  very few people actually support or care about the usl . 
  even the guys at antena 3 were giving them massive heat for proposing a collaboration with the udmr and all their other previous blunders ( recruiting becali , patting that kovesi slut on the ass , etc ) . 
  it 's just that people are beyond sick and tired of basescu and his underlings . 
   puppets controlled by criminals . 
  as opposed to what ? 
  puppets controlled by communist , securist , alcoholic and sociopathic criminals ? 
   germany goes through angela merkel that 's not a pleasant image . 
  i think you 'll find that western europe cares very little for slavs . 
  when the question of serbia joining the eu arose romania 's president was all like * what about the vlachs * and eu was like * yeah serbia what about those vlachs hmmmmmmmmm ??? 
  * eu holds ** romania ** in higher regards than slavic countries . 
  may i have everyone 's attention please ? 
  your favorite song is [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czxz4j7xw6s ) , you 're welcome . 
   the murky dog  incarnated by his blood enemy  descends on his tail from the cursed hill of death  loner from the demon dog ( ? ), 
   dragged through the shadows and notched on the heart  with the eye loose from its head ( ??? ), 
   rabidly screams, 
  did i stutter ? 
  it 's probably a combination of many , many factors . 
  * at least 40 % of the population is rural . 
  * a * lot * of alcoholics that just do n't care for food that much . 
  * a lot of self important assholes born in the 70s that live on a diet of coffee and cigarettes because the world revolves around them and they ai n't got time to bleed , or eat . 
  * people generally do n't know how to cook ( i have no idea why ) and there 's a national dislike towards eating out , buying ready made stuff , etc. 
  so it 's like the same nuked meat and the same abominable gunk day in and day out and people are like nah i 'm full . 
  * at the end of the day a romanian would rather spend his money buying an overpriced pair of shoes so his 3 friends `` do n't think he 's poor '' rather than treating himself with things like a bed that was made in this century or a nice dinner . 
  * people are morbidly obsessed with buying the cheapest crap available even if they do n't * have * to , things like nutritional value are alien concepts . 
  they 'd much rather buy like 2 pieces of x if it costs the same as y , the fact that y provides 10 times the calories that 1 piece of x provides is none of their concern because holy shit son i bought 2 !, 
  shaormas are obscenely healthy . 
  romania va invinge !, 
  i was `` making an arrogance '' ( romanian saying , it became prevalent after being uttered by one of our wisest and most revered sages ) . 
  wiktionary those words at your own risk . 
  edit : ok here you go . 
  they 're definitely stark raving mad , there 's like no argument there . 
  i do n't think that crap is gon na work to well beyond the nistru . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmin3tty97c ) [ sau asa . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0xfd0hxlca ), 
  serbia what are you doing ? 
  what is he gon na do ? 
  angrily hurl a bottle of vodka across the room and threaten to cut our gas or something ? 
  it 's even called * trans silva * , c'mon son !, 
  bring your goddamn winter uniforms next time and we have a deal . 
  some repercussions ? 
  anything ? 
  what did you think was going to happen ? 
  russia only took what it was given for free and will continue to take until it feels a sword in its throat . 
  the west could 've been the one triumphantly issuing this kind of threat had it sent 100 000 troops to kiev before crimea was annexed . 
   nato will take measures , including military-technical , to neutralize possible threat from russian presence in ukraine . 
  what could have been ... all it would 've taken is some non-abject western leaders . 
  nobody brave in particular , just a collective of individuals that is * not * desperately in love with russia . 
  i do n't think there 's ever been a faction with more declaration of war per week than russia in the past year . 
  ocean to the left , meat shield to the right , why should they care ? 
  [ the modern western european 's guide to determining if a certain event was a genocide or not . 
  obviously not , since romanians have inhabited the carpathian basin for centuries prior to the hungarians ' arrival . 
  just like chechens have inhabited the caucasus for centuries prior to the russians ' arrival . 
   please do n't state objective facts ... 
  definitely not . 
  the russian state is the continuation of the mongol empire , in the same way the byzantine empire was a continuation of the roman empire . 
  good . 
  chechnya belongs to chechens , chechens are not russian , russia is a prions of nations with no business existing south of the don and volga rivers . 
  russian presence in the caucasus is a travesty and a crime against humanity . 
  they 're just rebe ... sanctions w-uhhhh ... the ceasefire is ... huh ... 
  there 's fighting outside mariupol as we speak . 
  activity on other fronts has ceased since ukrainian troops got defeated and pulled out . 
  odessa and kharkiv are next after mariupol . 
  nothing is over . 
  fuck off , communist scum . 
  i hoped the red army laid the fucking pipe in your entire bloodline . 
  seems like they 've enjoyed it every step of the way too . 
  subhuman communist scum . 
  a clump of genetic garbage . 
  lower than dirt . 
  maggot puree . 
  no , actual debate requires both parties to have a somewhat accurate grip on reality and not say brain-dead and demonstrably wrong things like `` ukraine has no economic or military power worth mentioning '' . 
  especially if said party is from germany , i.e. 
  a country that has n't fought a war in ages and would 've buckled and pledged allegiance to russia within 24 hours of getting invaded by them . 
  not that you do n't pledge allegiance to russia as it is , what with the soviet monuments , merkel being a communist , the overwhelmingly positive opinion on russia that the general population holds and the disgusting appeasing and borderline helping your politicians have been doing for the past year all the while ukrainians were stopping russian rockets with their faces . 
  there are so many things wrong with this comment i do n't even know where to begin rebutting it .
