  if merkel bows to putin and basescu bows to merkel , what does that mean for us ? 
  no germans have ever done nuffin ' to me !, 
  it 's russia , what do you expect ? 
  pin prick strikes ? 
  winning hearts and minds ? 
  i do n't see what purpose that would serve . 
  why would `` separatists '' make a video that clearly states russian military is waging war in ukraine and has killed well over 10000 people ? 
  you and me will be very interested in what he thinks about lots of things if hungary sides with russia . 
  would n't it be funny if estonians suddenly crystal nighted their russian minority ? 
  one thing you could do in the face of relentless false accusations is to actually do the deed you 're being accused of . 
  russia ca do anything , as long as it * says * it is n't doing it , people will believe it . 
  putin said there were no russian troops in crimea until it got annexed . 
  and people believed him . 
  putin went to geneva and said he 's starting to work on deescalation and people believed him . 
  then all out war broke out in eastern ukraine , hundreds of people died , tanks , artillery , missiles , were used as russian military clashed with ukrainian troops . 
  even after the pane got shot down , some people were still blaming it on `` rebels '' . 
  it should n't be long now that russia has officially mobilized a convoy . 
  even after kiev gets bombed , and it will , people will still be saying it 's a humanitarian mission and that ukrainian planes must have bombed their own capital or something . 
  we only need to look at things like the srebrenica massacre to know how things would look if any western european nation decided to step in when an eastern nato member is attacked . 
  i do n't think anyone is under the illusion that the us will do anything . 
  russia and the us have always been best friends , american intervention is never happening . 
  now , just go over the wikipedia article on the [ srebrenica massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre ) , just to refresh your memory . 
  the fact that bosniaks were not nato citizens is not what counts here . 
  what counts is the fact that dutch troops were * deathly afraid * of serbs and * deathly afraid * of the * idea * of russian volunteers . 
  so horrified that hundreds of them ran away , surrendered and even kicked bosniak refugees out of their camp to their deaths . 
  this is n't * no serbs have ever done nuffin ' to me * , this is pure fear , whey for blood , quivering , pathetic , yellow fear . 
  check out the karadzic song video thing , that asshole with half of his teeth missing and that lobotomized accordion player , yeah , dutch troops were scared to death of those guys . 
  it speaks volumes about western european mentality and stock when it comes to war . 
  if the majority of dutch troops did n't want to fight to protect the bosniaks they could 've just said so and the netherlands could have court-martialed and dishonorably discharged them accordingly . 
  putin is right , without the us , nato wo n't be of much use to its eastern members . 
  a warning implies that there will be consequences if the other party refuses to comply . 
  so ... why are we not in the schengen area then ? 
  and how long until we are allowed in ? 
  also , since you believe that our borders are secure and the eu agrees with our stance on gypsies , what else has to be done ? 
  does basescu have to send more people to prison ? 
  who ? 
  why ? 
  ok , 3 years then . 
  how long until we start seeing measures that are conducive to our entrance in the schengen area ? 
  like border strengthening , or tighter control on the gypsy population ? 
  i 'm sure 3 years is plenty of time , no ? 
  so , `` fighting corruption '' for 10 years , still not allowed in schengen , that does n't tell you anything ? 
  because you would * have * to be paid in order to hate a president who was the official representative of the romanian socialist republic in antwerp , thus ceausescu 's friend , who is involved in the fleet case , the basescu-casuneanu money laundry affair , the mihaileanu house case , the alro case , the gazprom case , the anghel case , a man who literally steals cell phones and punches children . 
  ca n't imagine why anyone would dislike him . 
  also , link me 1 comment i posted where i support ponta . 
  when ? 
  after his second term ends , thus proving the entire justice system was controlled by him all along ? 
  no rebuttal or no rebuttal ? 
   i can only dream something like that starts happening here . 
  well , the former official representative of the romanian socialist republic in antwerp , belgium becoming president and putting everyone who does n't worship him in prison * does * sound like a nightmare . 
  he 's been doing * so * well with putting people in prison that there 's no one to vote for in the upcoming presidential elections this year . 
  i 'm sure that war next door + no government = democracy , european values and rule of law , right guys ? 
  at least he 's not the former representative of the romanian socialist republic in antwerp , belgium , like someone else we know . 
  is he just trying to say the most scandalous , inflammatory shit possible ? 
   jewish blood is not cheap blood you ca n't make this stuff up . 
  sometimes i think they 're asking for it . 
  i think several months ago , in the wake ( or lack thereof ) of crimea 's annexation , when reddit was sucking putin 's dick for a `` bloodless '' victory and dropping mad knowledge about how there 's no way in hell he 's ever going into eastern ukraine and that this whole thing is over , 100 % , done , history , back then , i posted a comment saying they could have russian soldiers themselves telling them they 're in eastern ukraine and they still would n't believe . 
  well , here we are . 
  i mean we 've been here for a while , russian troops have been in eastern ukraine for months now . 
  i 'm just saying that even my highly unrealistic scenario has happened . 
  the russian one is accurate , the eu one not so much . 
  the pentagon sure is a nice news outlet . 
  keeps the planet up to date on things . 
  makes it all the easier for those in charge to actually do something , any day now . 
  i 'm sure they 'll deliver . 
  are you sure ? 
  it 's funny hearing this since hungary was the first soviet republic after russia . 
  and the first instance where a communist government was ousted by a foreign ( romanian ) military campaign . 
  you know , between israel , extremist muslims and the eu , i have to say , extremist muslims are by far the most respectable out of the three . 
  what do extremist muslims do ? 
  they want to bring islam to europe . 
  they want wipe israel off the map ( although this is n't exactly a sentiment shared exclusively between muslims ) . 
  they despise western culture . 
  they treat their women like property . 
  they fuck young boys in the ass . 
  now what do they * say * they do ? 
  * we want to bring islam to europe . 
  we want to wipe israel off the map . 
  we despise western culture . 
  we treat our women like property . 
  we fuck young boys in the ass . 
  deal with it . 
  * it 's pretty cut and dry . 
  what you see is what you get . 
  now compare that to israel . 
  what does israel do ? 
  they illegitimately occupy a territory their ancestors last lived in back when people wrote on animal skins . 
  they relentlessly persecute and terrorize the native population . 
  they 've literally imprisoned * an entire people * and are in the process of committing genocide . 
  all of this while their survival depends on foreign aid . 
  now what do they * say * they do ? 
  * i see i may have broken several tenets of decent human behavior , however holocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaustholocaust !, 
  * we can take this to the absolute limit with the eu . 
  what does the eu do ? 
  well , good question , i do n't know . 
  what * does it do * ? 
  defuses responsibility on its peripheral members when it comes to icky issues like immigration and defense . 
  meanwhile imposing a handful of people 's will on the same states whenever they can . 
  `` austerity '' , `` fighting corruption '' , bailing communists out of impeachment , all shoved down several countries ' throats under the * and thus spoke merkel * law . 
  it also has the gall to demand non-member states to jump through some arbitrary hoops before they can even think of joining and then abandons them as soon as the door starts to swing both ways .
