  all these western europeans playing dumb ... what can i say ? 
  at least nato did n't send troops to ukraine and said troops did n't end up facilitating the slaughter of the people they were sent there to protect , like in srebrenica . 
  but do n't worry guys , this is definitely blowing over into moldova , romania and the baltic states . 
  you still have a chance to prove just how much you love russia !, 
  or just shoot them with a gun ? 
  people used to be executed for less all the time . 
  i hope it 's a lengthy case . 
  oh shit , i thought i was replying to something else ? 
   besides almost all attackers will change their mind once their companions start being killed that * may * be true in your case , spears are scary , i do n't blame you . 
  but seeing as how surrendering to russians seems to be worst thing you could do to your country , people around these parts will certainly pull out all the stops once kiev falls and they start pushing into moldova . 
  [ i think this will balance it out . 
  a statement like this would 've been seen as a declaration of war 100 years ago . 
  \\  a russian being concerned about romania 's fate, 
   any bad guy ever not really , just russians . 
  \\  russophobe do n't flatter yourself . 
  i 'm not afraid of you . 
  good , communist symbols as well as communist propaganda should be banned and punishable with prison time in all former soviet republics . 
  a german , a finn , a romanian , any european . 
  i think you 'll find a lot of your neighbors share the same sentiment . 
  i wonder why ? 
  no , i 'd rather just use physical violence and oppression . 
  i mean , a poor and lackadaisical military invasion , sure . 
  a proper one on the other hand ... 
  nothing that is good and right has ever been easy . 
  well , russia * is * a terrorist state and has been one for almost 100 years now . 
  and it will continue to be one until someone occupies it and wrings its collective neck until europe is out of its sight . 
   i feel like we 're condoning it . 
  yeah , russian warmongering was condoned and enabled from the get go by the us and eu . 
  it 's nothing new for the us . 
   whatever happens always confirms the conspiracy no , not really . 
  not * whatever * happens . 
  just things that are in line with the objective and perfectly obvious fact that has been no armed conflict between the us and russia , ever . 
  things that seem to be happening very often as of late . 
  like there being no reaction whatsoever to that plane getting shot down a few months ago , for example . 
  a plane full of nato citizens that were murdered by russian military . 
  if the us sent troops to ukraine and said us troops start putting bullets and other projectiles inside the russian military 's bodies , ending their lives , that would n't really confirm the `` conspiracy '' , would it ? 
  in fact , it would outright deny any change of it existing , no ? 
  i 'm still waiting for the us do do * one thing * , just * one * , on par with invading and annexing a european country that would suggest they have any real intention of countering russian advance . 
  if you are by any chance aware of such actions , like pouring artillery units into the baltic states and strengthening the border , closing the bosporus or ... sending any significant number of troops to ukraine that would suggest a serious intention of thwarting russian advance , please let me know . 
  until then the us and russia are still engaged into one of the longest standing non-aggression pact in human history . 
  i 'm sure lithuanians are feeling really swell right now , yes . 
  so nato has n't responded yet because ... ... ... . . ? 
  unilateral pacifism is the quickest way to ensure all out war . 
  remember how this whole thing [ looked ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1vxm3h/is_there_anything_europe_could_realistically_do/cewy3my?context=3 ) 7 months [ ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1xlsyp/feurope_good_read/cfcn5id?context=3 ) ? 
  yeah , no annexation , no war in europe , no plane shot down , no estonians kidnapped , no russian military scouts in moldova . 
  all europe had to do was send 100 000 men to crimea and that would 've been that . 
  no one wants to go in the meat grinder if they can help it . 
  even russian commanding officers would 've refused to push into ukraine under those circumstances . 
  i 'm sure we 'll look back in a few months ( well , you will , i and many of my compatriots will probably have our hands full ) at today and think * wow , remember september ... no russian civilians massacred in moldova , no `` rebels '' taking over buildings in estonia , no romanian soldiers wearing russian bones around their necks , no landmines in the odessa oblast and the nistru did n't run red ... huh * . 
  and then brush it off and continue doing nothing . 
  literally the ussr . 
  we 'll kick them out as soon as merkel and the us stop bailing them out of impeachment . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  how do you expect to run your bayonet through a russian 's mouth with that apologetic attitude ? 
  that 's the supposed point of nato , no ? 
   idiotic , yes . 
  you 're the leader of the free world . 
  even if you do n't have a strategy -- indeed , especially if you do n't -- you never admit it publicly . 
  so is there a certain time window that allows nato to stand around with its thumb up its ass and not take action while its members are getting their borders violated by armed assailants and their people are getting abducted ? 
  because that 's what 's happening . 
  or do we have to wait for russians to start killing estonians ? 
  estonia has just over 1 million people , including the russian minority . 
  how many do they have to kill ? 
  one estonian ? 
  a whole town ? 
  is it on after a whole town is turned to rubble ? 
  does tallinn have to be shelled ? 
  provided you actually believe in the idea of nato and have done enough mental gymnastics to think the planes shot down by russian military somehow did n't prove the whole thing is not applicable in real life , tell me , why has the kidnapping of an estonian and the implicit border violation by armed russians not triggered any response from nato ? 
  i 'd love to hear it . 
  also , it 's not an incident , it 's a russian abduction , a russian crime , a russian border violation and a russian act of war . 
  if they 're gon na help the poles like the dutch helped the bosniaks i think i 'd rather pass . 
  it was . 
  are you really asking me since when do tyrannical communist dictators appoint their executioners ? 
  who better to fight corruption than a person appointed as prosecutor by ceausescu ? 
  since our current president was the official representative of the romanian socialist republic in antwerp , belgium , i suppose she would make a fitting follower . 
  too bad no one will vote her . 
  seeing how they have n't learned anything , romanians deserve another one ceausescu 's close , intimate friends as president in my opinion . 
  my country never claimed to be the purveyor of secular , progressive values , it never claimed to be a guardian of peace , it never claimed it strives for european unity , it never claimed to help anyone . 
  in fact , if you were to ask westerners a couple of years ago , they 'd claim we strive for the polar opposite . 
  anyway , once kiev falls though it wo n't be long until romanians * have * to do something to stop it . 
  do n't worry , ok ? 
  the west also commemorates this event by tolerating russian invasion and annexation in a neighboring country . 
  just like it tolerated it 75 years ago . 
  there 's not much left to do now as far as deescalation goes . 
  that ship has sailed . 
  we just have to wait for kiev to fall and the inevitable russian incursions into transnistria and moldova will trigger a full blown war between romania and russia . 
  i say * full blown * , there 's a full blown war going on already between ukrainians and russians but things are still half-covert and ukrainians are still slavs who do n't really like killing russians , generally speaking . 
  romanians , myself included , have no such concerns . 
  nor will there be any doubts left at an international level about russia 's intentions when the war reaches the nistru . 
  good luck . 
  what * did * she say then ? 
  there 's nothing conspiratorial about it . 
  it 's all out in the open and perfectly obvious . 
  merkel even said , literally , that ukraine can joint the eurasian union `` if it wants to '' . 
  meaning that russia can take it . 
  and the us has been dead silent on the issue for months . 
  although supporting russia * is * by far the most consistent aspect of their foreign policy so that 's to be expected . 
  if there ' still anyone here that does n't believe russia 's invasion of europe is n't being actively ( well , passively ) endorsed and supported by the eu and the us ( although it 's nothing new in their case ) , you 're entirely psychotic . 
  thus aligning itself perfectly with merkel and obama . 
  romanians , think about it .
