  one side apologized and took their missiles out of turkey and the other also apologized and took theirs our of cuba . 
  * us involvement in korea and vietnam had little to no effect on the spread of communism in those areas . 
  pol pot 's particularly insane , inhuman , takeover of cambodia was n't even opposed at all . 
  * even the romanian revolution of ' 89 , an overwhelmingly successful event , was not supported by the us . 
  * the us is staying out of the current ukrainian-russian war . 
  even after that plane got shot down and american citizens were directly killed in real life by russian military , all obama said was * wow this is like really sad and stuff * . 
  and there are probably way more examples . 
  all of this is common knowledge . 
  accessible to everyone who can read wikipedia . 
  if you can look at all this and still think that russo-american relations are anything but fundamentally friendly , i 'd love to know what your thought process is . 
  korea and vietnam were probably the biggest embarrassments in us history , so much so that even today 's republicans will admit it . 
  if you can say those campaigns were n't phoned in to some degree with a straight face , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  afghanistan is a separate subject though . 
  whereas the war of transnistria was fought on the romanian-russian border ( i do n't think anyone has the impression that ukraine 's supposed existence at the time had any relevance in this particular conflict ) by romanians and russians . 
  it 's only the last one in a series of conflicts that culminated with things like operation barbarossa and the battle of stalingrad , where the romanian army invaded the ussr under romanian command ( ion antonescu ) and continued fighting up until antonescu 's forceful removal from power , after the romanian army was forced to retreat and the war was being fought on romanian soil . 
  also , the first successful ousting of a communist government was done [ by romania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian%e2%80%93romanian_war ) . 
  what has the us ever done to counteract russia in any way ? 
  korea and vietnam were terribly phoned in campaigns that failed horrendously . 
  oh yes , they * did * remove some commie cunts from grenada . 
  that 's about it . 
  when did the last russo-american armed conflict occur ? 
  when did the first one occur ? 
  i 'm romanian , the last romanian-russian war happened [ 22 years ago ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_transnistria ) . 
  when was the last time russia and the us went to war against each other ? 
  if you quickly go over some wikipedia articles you 'll find that russo-american relations are amongst the friendliest relations 2 countries can have . 
  and since the eu is an amorphous and bizarre entity with no real stances and no real leadership , their subordination to both russia and the us , who are best buddies in this situation , just like they 've always been , is to be fully expected . 
  i 'm sure the plane was full of nato citizens . 
  nato citizens have been murdered by russian military . 
  how much do you want to bet the west will do absolutely nothing ? 
  and if i 'm right , * i am * , how would you , a european citizen , explain it as anything other than the continuation of russo-american collaboration that has been going on for a whole century ? 
  edit : it 's been confirmed that , obviously , the plane was carrying a lot of dutch citizens and quite a few americans too . 
  also some australians and an assortment of `` nato '' citizens . 
  this is a russian act of war . 
  russia has effectively declared war on the netherlands , the us , australia and all other countries whose citizens were on that plane . 
  now watch the west put their feet up and do nothing , as usual . 
  we oppose russia so much that we 're considering taking this completely pointless thing we 've been doing since it was far too late for that kind of thing anyway to the next level . 
  yesterday i said :  for anyone that still does n't believe the us is supporting russia , what is your explanation on obama not even issuing anymore statements ever since donetsk `` declared independence '' 2 months ago ? 
  probably hundreds of people have died in this war so far , missiles are being used , airstrikes , tanks , the whole 9 yards , right on `` nato 's '' doorstep , in europe . 
   even the sanction ruse has fizzled out . 
  a war is being fought in europe and there is simply no word coming from the west . 
  if you can interpret this as anything other than cast iron proof that the us is supporting russia , i would love to hear it . 
  still have n't received an answer , so i 'm asking again . 
  and i will keep asking with every new russian act of war . 
  for anyone that still does n't believe the us is supporting russia , what is your explanation on obama not even issuing anymore statements ever since donetsk `` declared independence '' 2 months ago ? 
  probably hundreds of people have died in this war so far , missiles are being used , airstrikes , tanks , the whole 9 yards , right on `` nato 's '' doorstep , in europe . 
  even the sanction ruse has fizzled out . 
  a war is being fought in europe and there is simply no word coming from the west . 
  if you can interpret this as anything other than cast iron proof that the us is supporting russia , i would love to hear it . 
  yes . 
  look , i 've said it [ before ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/29k2sg/we_want_to_see_a_single_unified_europeaneurasian/cilt5n3 ) . 
  until someone can show me 1 single case where a us soldier and a russian one exchanged ballistic projectiles my `` opinion '' , the empirical reality perfectly accessible to any person who reads some wikipedia articles about the 2 nations ' military history , stands . 
   they have their oil , they have their weapons . 
  and they have american support , as always . 
  nato does n't exist without the us , i think we can all agree on that one . 
  and i think that any rational person that reads a handful of wikipedia articles will quickly come to the inevitable conclusion that the us and russia have been best buddies for the past century . 
  the us did n't attack russia over alaska , they did n't attack russia over berlin and their ludicrous claim of half of the european continent after the war , they did n't attack russia over kaliningrad , did n't attack russia over castro and the missile crisis , they did n't attack russia over annexing part of ukraine and they 're certainly not going to attack russia over a meaningless piece of paper relating to an imaginary union with no maintainable border and no precedent of being enforced . 
  it is ? 
  ferrying some troops here and there does n't mean anything . 
  i certainly hope so !, 
  are we gon na rumble or not ? 
  come on , just capture kiev and cross that nistru already . 
  you 're all but supported by the us , just like you 've always been , what 's the holdup ? 
  i can get behind that . 
  i do n't want the us to do anything . 
  it 's sovereign state and can do whatever it wants . 
  i want people to stop believing the completely false narrative according to which us is some kind of bastion of resistance against russia or communism . 
  they 2 nations have always been friendly , the former clearly being the latter 's subordinate throughout 1 century of unbroken collaboration . 
  the reasons for said collaboration are not important to you , to me and to anyone who has suffered under russian terrorism , invasion , annexation and enslavement . 
  yes i know they would have to go to war to stop them and i know that 's not what allies do . 
  that was my whole point . 
  this is the objective truth . 
  nothing that i 've said is * my * opinion , it 's not revisionist , at least not in the whacky ( herodotus was black and things like that ) sense of the word . 
  it 's as objective and verifiable as humanly possible . 
  it 's not very popular , sadly . 
  it the physical reality of the earth we live on . 
  it 's not a view point , it 's reality . 
  there 's nothing to argue about . 
  apart from the catastrophic and phoned in campaigns in korea and southeast asia , which were complete failures anyway , there has been no serious instance where the us actively opposed russia , russians or communism . 
  well , there was grenada but that 's practically irrelevant . 
  the us even supported white russians in the russian civil war , then quickly supported communists once they came to power . 
  blank check after blank check after blank check . 
  how did they get alaska from russia ? 
  payed them , of course . 
  americans directly fought and killed , natives , englishmen , mexicans , each other , everyone for the sake of crystallizing the us into what it is today . 
  but they did n't even dare touch the uralic tribe . 
  how was guevara removed ? 
  captured in bolivia by bolivian forces . 
  how was communism stopped in japan ? 
  inejiro asanuma was assassinated by a 17 year old japanese guy with a sword . 
  how did the current ukrainian-russian war start ? 
  ukrainians had enough of russia and decided to fight . 
  there is no nuance here , nothing is up for any kind of interpretation . 
  the us is the most pro-russian entity on the planet , after russia itself . 
  and yes , i am a romanian nationalist . 
  i 'm sure being in nato will keep us safe guys . 
  the us has been russia 's ally in ww1 , their ally in ww2 , poured countless resources into it , saved russia from extermination , attacked their main aggressor , did n't dare to tell them to back off 1 fucking inch after the war , willingly gave them half of europe , allowed them them to manifest the kaliningrad abomination , helped 0 european countries until the ussr collapsed and they did n't even have the guts to remove castro from their front porch . 
  russia 's savior , russia 's enabler and russia 's guard dog , that 's what the us is . 
  do n't hold your breath waiting for `` nato '' . 
  do n't you think there 's a line to be drawn somewhere ? 
  i wonder how anyone can justify merkel and the us actively supporting the head of an organized crime cartel .
