  occupy it to whatever extent it wanted to occupy it , execute precisely who it wanted to execute , install precisely the ideology it wanted to install , install precisely the puppets it wanted to install , etc. 
  oh yeah , they left after a while and their puppets `` went rogue '' , i.e. 
  demolished some lenin statues . 
  ceausescu 's communism was indistinguishable from the original russian brand . 
  the same types of people were targeted , persecuted , arrested , tortured and executed . 
  the same type of institutionalized terror was implemented . 
  the same type of systematic destruction of romanian culture and inversion of values . 
  the same type of apartment buildings . 
  it was the same shit . 
  yes , he refused to invade czechoslovakia , yay . 
  as far as romanians were concerned the russians left in ' 89 . 
   they did a lot of damage as is , so it 's safe to say it would 've been far worse . 
  quantitatively , maybe . 
  certainly not qualitatively . 
  if that 's what you 're telling yourself then ... ok ? 
  yes that 's what people generally do in war . 
  massacres , slaughters , all sorts of unpleasant things . 
  what did you think was going to happen ? 
  tell me , when you say romania 's performance in the war was a `` stain on our history '' , what are you comparing it to ? 
  which country 's performance did n't stain their history , in your opinion ? 
  slavs are not native to the balkan peninsula , whereas albanians are . 
  what are the arguments against albanian continuity in kosovo ? 
  was it found hungarianly empty by the slavic newcomers ? 
  both vlad and antonescu are fundamental pillars upon which romania rests today . 
  there is no telling what would 've happened to romania without their heroism and martyrdom . 
  people scrambled to forget a ( second ) plane full of nato citizens shot down by russian military . 
  and there 's a lot more forgetting on the way . 
   russophobia russia is currently waging war in europe , again . 
  what kind of comments do you expect people to leave in / r/europe ? 
  and the other half replied with grunts and squeals . 
  i 'm reasonably convinced that if i openly asked hungary to meddle in romania 's affairs i would at least be taken in for questioning within a couple of hours . 
  probably even quicker if i was a hungarian living in transylvania . 
  and they have n't been arrested for terrorism because ... ? 
  terrible news considering the ukrainian war . 
  plenty of instances where they just about breached it and got away with it . 
  how deep do they have to go before it 's alright to shoot them down ? 
   as usual , the aircraft were flying with no fpl , no transponder , in international airspace . 
  how exactly would nato know that a russian supersonic bomber approaching baltic airspace unannounced is just passing by and not on a real mission do deliver its payload on one of the baltic states ' capitals ? 
  and why give it the benefit of a doubt ? 
  would nato be so forgiving if these repeated offenses were committed by literally any other nation , nuclear power or not ? 
  you fellas are in for a rough awakening . 
   in case of war , it 's not the enemy i fear most , but my own people . 
  good , you should be . 
  if i had an enemy and a traitor in front of me and only 1 bullet left , i would automatically shoot the traitor . 
  outstanding . 
  poles , romanians , finns willing to defend their countries and kill their attackers are worth more than all the alliances and technological superiority on earth . 
  plenty of people from both sides will be more than eager to do it for you . 
  myself included . 
  i * had * this little bit of doubt in my mind when it came to punishment for desertion . 
  i thought that maybe they should be given just a little bit of leeway because ... well , russians have fucked with people 's heads on such a monstrous scale and i thought that maybe desire for desertion in these parts was n't the same thing as desire for desertion in other parts of the world . 
  but thanks for sorting me out . 
  you disgust me on a primordial level . 
  now i think that the punishment for desertion ( execution by firearm ) is * way * too lenient since getting shot is both too quick and too dignifying considering your attitude . 
  wow , * another * declaration of war that would result in instant invasion had it been issued by literally any other country . 
   will we invade it along with moldovia and romania ? 
  if only ... 
  that is definitely not a normal thing to say . 
  maybe do something to mitigate further russian advance ? 
  frankfurt looks like a warzone : over 800 comments ukraine * is * a warzone : ... ... ... eh ? 
  ukraine and georgia were two different cases just a year ago . 
  this is exactly what happened after crimea got annexed . 
  the invasion of the ukrainian mainland was preceded by huge russian `` drills '' near the border . 
  kind of a troublesome development , no ? 
   but it 's russia doing drills in their own country literally nothing is happening countries do this all the time stop warmongering . 
  that 's exactly what everyone said right after crimea , before russia took donbass . 
  [ what the fuck is this about ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umnx0a9awoy ) also , talks on twitter about a `` siege '' ? 
  what ? 
  i 've read some rumors about someone in russia saying they 're ready to use nuclear bombs because something something the uk ? 
  can someone shed light on that ? 
  i misread what he asked , never mind . 
   seriously , what are the chances that this whole business will blow over and resolve itself without a big war ? 
  it 's impossible now . 
  after mariupol and kharkiv are taken it will start tumbling down really fast . 
  some more explosions in kharkiv and odessa as well . 
  edit : and fighting outside mariupol . 
  and this is n't a declaration of war because ... ? 
  an ordinary terrorist state works too . 
  you only needed to stoop so low for russia to figure you out as a coward . 
  i think we 're well past that point . 
  you can stop now , really . 
  just in time . 
  there 's been fighting a few km east of mariupol for 24 hours or so . 
  russian troops and armor are amassing to take the city . 
  poroshenko should declare state of war and martial law or be tried for treason at this point . 
  hungarians , turks , tatars and especially russians . 
  eternal barricade against asiatic psychopaths . 
  this is treason . 
  no ifs , ands , or buts . 
  the very definition of treason . 
  merkel and obama are enabling russia to wage war in europe . 
  edit : and poroshenko 's status is all but irredeemable after he refused to declare state of war and martial law . 
  i do n't think the us can be any more pathetic . 
  if this is n't the west directly enabling russian aggression , i do n't know what is . 
  thank god for that . 
  this would be terribly amusing if it was n't real life . 
  no , what i meant was the general mood , state of mind and especially leadership of the western world today are not very conducive to any kind of immediate military retaliation against russia . 
  actually , no i do n't . 
  i have n't seen a single thing to suggest that nato ( the us ) will have the guts to uphold article 5 . 
  you do realize that i live next door to ukraine and when moldova and the baltic states will be attacked , after kharkiv and mariupol fall , i will enlist/be drafted to fight in the all out war that will quickly ensue shortly after ?
