  so much so that it 's currently tolerating war on its doorstep . 
  now what do they * say * they do ? 
  * oh , we are literally the pinnacle of geopolitical virginity . 
  pure and untainted , humanist and secular , such union , wow . 
  we are all in this together , my fellow europeans !, 
  except for ukrainians , they 're a bunch of queers . 
  i feel like we would n't be seeing much inaction if that were to happen . 
   as of now , i think the us should withdraw from nato . 
  well , there you go . 
  i agree . 
  fortunately , we do n't have to let our emotions dictate our actions , we have clear legislation in the form of nato , right ? 
  which clearly states that an attack on 1 member is an attack on all of them , right ? 
  and nobody is claiming that nato citizens shot down over non-nato airspace is different than nato citizens being killed inside their own countries , right ? 
  and nobody is denying that russian military shot down that plane , right ? 
  and there is no nato clause exempting russia from retaliation if it attacks a nato member , right ? 
  an international investigation is not going to happen . 
  how should the world interpret the fact that russia got away with killing nato citizens ? 
  most of what you 've said is in direct contradiction with nato article 5 :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
   any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the security council . 
  such measures shall be terminated when the security council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security . 
  if the us does not want to assist european nato members when their citizens are being shot down with rockets it should either kick said members out of nato , leave nato or dissolve nato completely . 
  also , the eu `` does n't do war '' , well , it does n't do anything , really . 
  not surprising considering merkel and barroso are communists . 
  coincidentally , so is my president . 
  official representative of the romanian socialist republic in antwerp , belgium in the 80s , as red as they come . 
  i 'm only saying this since he was bailed out of impeachment in 2012 by the us * and * the eu after 7.5 million people , including me , told him to leave . 
  that 's how pressuring * my * leaders usually goes . 
  good luck . 
  why ? 
  the idea behind nato is any attack on a member state is considered an attack on all member states . 
  it is just as much of a european issue as it is an american one , since that 's literally what nato articles say . 
  what * is * the question then ? 
  why has n't a small nation with no notable military history , no notable precedents of military action , no reputation and no competent leadership done anything in response to russia killing its citizens when they 're part of an alliance that clearly states they do n't stand alone in matters regarding international warfare * and * are part of a continent that is entirely dependent on the us for any kind of military undertaking ? 
  is * that * the question , you cretin ? 
  i find it somewhat confusing that people are still referring to the eu as if it was a real thing , with real leadership and real capabilities . 
  the eu does n't even have a consistent policy regarding trite internal things like gypsies and illegal immigrants . 
  and it 's been obvious since the beginning of the war that they do n't plan on developing any kind of foreign policy either . 
  well , except bowing to russia and unanimously deciding that ukrainians are subhuman trash that do n't deserve their own borders , their own state , their own security and their own sovereignty . 
  although seeing how ukraine ( what 's left of it ) borders the eu and is currently at war with a nation that has historically been extremely hostile towards europe ( genghis khan and the ottoman empire do n't even compare ) , i do n't know to what extent you could call that policy foreign . 
  anyway , the question is why has n't the us done anything ? 
  the plane was mostly full of nato citizens . 
  of course nato articles , much like any legislative text , do n't go into great detail about every single scenario and every single variable that might happen since that would only lead to endless hair splitting and would make them ultimately inane . 
  the argument that nato citizens being murdered on a plane flying over a non-member state is in any way , shape or form different than nato citizens being murdered in their own countries by ground invasion , missile attacks or airstrikes is profoundly absurd . 
  the whole point of nato is to protect * the people * in the member countries , from invasion , from annexation and from * murder * , otherwise it makes 0 sense . 
  what if russia made a habit out of sinking dutch ships as soon as they enter international waters ? 
  or shooting their planes down as soon as they leave nato airspace ? 
  the idea that the only attack that warrants a response is a terrestrial attack , where the projectiles fall within nato borders is absolutely insane . 
  so , nato citizens have been murdered by russian military . 
  even if , after some fierce mental gymnastics , you still do n't believe that this should have resulted in immediate military action , ask yourself this : why has n't anyone lifted a single finger to secure the crash site , to recover debris for investigation , to recover the bodies for a proper burial , to recover the black boxes ? 
  if nato , essentially the us , does n't do anything in this situation , where nato citizens have been murdered by russian military , not even common courtesy , peaceful , non-combative procedures like the ones mentioned above , what makes you think anyone will do anything when a member state is attacked ? 
  an act that is infinitely more serious and urgent than a plane being shot down and would supposedly warrant an equally martial reaction . 
  there is no nato article stipulating that russia is exempt from retaliation should it attack , in fact , russia is allegedly the main reason why nato exists in the first place . 
  there is no nato article that says retaliation is dependent on the aggressor 's nuclear capabilities . 
  there is no nato article that says retaliation should be avoided if it means starting a global conflict . 
  why has russia gotten away with murdering nato citizens ? 
  surely it 's not because they have been best friends with the us for 100 years and counting , right ? 
  so over 100 nato citizens have been directly murdered by russian military and all obama and the rest of the west did was put on their best morrissey impersonation and called it a day . 
  the media even unanimously backpedaled on their initial report of 20 or so americans being on the plane since it makes obama 's lack of any kind of action look even worse . 
  he 's not even lifting a finger to mobilize any kind of nato effort to investigate the wreckage , recover bodies , black boxes , * nothing * . 
  his first concern was to chat with putin over the phone for a bit . 
  i seriously urge anyone reading this to take an objective look at this and to ask themselves fundamental questions about the nature of russo-american relations for the past century . 
  especially if you live in a country that has been at the receiving end of russian terrorism , annexation and enslavement in the past . 
  ask yourself if these are the people that will flee to your aid . 
  what is `` conspiratorial '' about my statements ? 
  i 'm only stating facts , objective facts , that always had mainstream acceptance and were always part of the consensus on the history of the earth . 
  name 1 way in which [ these ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2aziyg/as_an_eu_citizen_i_am_ashamed_by_the_pathetic/cj0fhds ) statements do not accurately reflect reality . 
  where 's the propaganda in my comments ? 
  propaganda that claims ... what ? 
  the fact that events that were always part of mainstream history did , in fact , happen ? 
  propaganda aimed at ... who ? 
  where is the fear ? 
  fear of who ? 
  russians ? 
  i was the first one to post a [ thread about the ukraine war ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/romania/comments/1vyakj/de_ce_rromania_nu_baga_in_seama_protestele_din/ ) back when it was n't even a war yet . 
  i believe that was even before the first 100 or so people in maidan were murdered by ( russian ) snipers . 
  meanwhile the whole internet * still * has n't found the balls to call russian military operating in eastern ukraine what it is , russian military . 
  inferiority complex to whom ? 
  russians ? 
  their american friends ? 
  communists ? 
  wow . 
   a lot what ? 
  name it . 
  the south american coups were done mostly by south americans . 
  guevara was captured in bolivia by bolivian forces , for example . 
  castro was even left alone . 
  for christ 's sake , consider the following : * alaska was * bought * from russia . 
  the genesis of the us is particularly gruesome , countless natives were killed , many englishmen , many mexicans , even more americans ( civil war ) , but 1 territorial acquisition was surprisingly formal and civil . 
  i wonder why ? 
  * the us supported white russian in the russian civil war . 
  * the us then supported communists right after they prevailed . 
  * the us was russia 's ally in ww1 . 
  * the us was russia 's ally in ww2 . 
  * the us made no attempts to counter stalin 's ridiculous claim of half of europe . 
  nothing , not even telling him to leave berlin . 
  * the us allowed the kaliningrad atrocity to occur . 
  * the us made no attempts to help any european countries break away from the ussr . 
  even when the opportunity was practically handed to them ( hungary in ' 56 ) . 
  * the us allowed castro to exist . 
  * the subsequent missile crisis was resolved in a manner that literally could not have been friendlier .
