  though i will mention that it continues to baffle me how many people unanimously repeat phrases like `` having the full might of the entire alliance behind it '' , blissfully unaware that nato is literally a piece of paper and nothing more . 
   some nation barely above the third world level how much do you want to bet that if i go back to your posting history around the time of the initial maidan protests i 'll find dozens of comments praising ukraine as a true european country worthy of the west 's sympathy and help ? 
  nothing i 've seen so far from the west would suggest so . 
  russia has issued countless defiant declarations of war in the past year and all of their actions and statements were triumphant in the face of a stupid , cowardly west who was reduced to pleading , begging , urging and humiliating itself at every turn . 
  this is not the face of an alliance who has the guts to undertake engaging the russian army ( or any army ) in direct combat . 
  no piece of paper can change this objective , biological fact . 
  ask yourselves this . 
  who will orchestrate the baltic states ' salvation ? 
  barack `` the 80s called '' obama ? 
  philip `` we had no plan for crimea 's annexation '' breedlove ? 
  anghela merkel , a known communist ? 
  probably did it just so they can say `` do n't even say i never gave ya nuthin '' to ukraine when the new russian offensive comes . 
  i still think italy currently harbors way more immigrants than austria . 
  italy borders austria . 
  since austria has a much higher gdp and much better living conditions , it 's your moral obligation to take the vast majority of immigrants italy receives on a daily basis . 
  go for it . 
  no one seemed to mind when it came to putting israel in muslims . 
  the fact that the original artwork depicts that man raping someone is only incidental to it being a meme . 
  it 's a meme mostly because that face is really grotesque . 
  finns , estonians , latvians , lithuanians , poles , ukrainians , czechs , slovaks , hungarians , bulgarians ; he does n't give a crap . 
  you only have yourselves ... and russia ... but let 's face it , mostly yourselves to blame . 
  presumably for the crime of existing in the first place . 
  i ca n't wait for that dead weight of the world to sink into the ocean . 
  they also payed ~ ~ huge ~ ~ sacrilegious amounts of money , and the us undertook the biggest ever mobilization of its military , to ensure a definitive russian victory . 
  you heard it here . 
  finns , estonians , latvians , lithuanians , poles , ukrainians , czechs , slovaks , hungarians , bulgarians ; you 're all fucking idiots . 
  your decades of inhuman suffering were caused neither by russia 's psychopathy , nor by the west leaving you all for dead . 
  it was all because you joined the axis and lost !, 
  i think you 'll find that it is specifically because of britain 's and america 's actions that romania , and half of europe , was a communist hellhole for 45 years . 
  also , claiming responsibility for the collapse of the ussr and its european puppets is downright insolent seeing how there was not a single faction on earth that was more hellbent on appeasing russians day in and day out than the eu . 
  ** even tito and ceausescu , other communists , opposed the ussr to one degree or another ** . 
  which is far more than can be said for britain . 
  this is fine though . 
  all the measures that were taken to halt russian aggression will ensure that we wo n't see donbass 2 on moldova 's / romania 's doorstep . 
  i 'm sure this , coupled with the recent statements by albania , is no cause for concern . 
  everything will be fine . 
  just like in ukraine . 
  there was never any eu unity to being with . 
  the eastern part just put up with the west 's crap in the hopes that when push comes to shove they 'll be protected from russia . 
  there was more unity between the initial , western eu and the ussr/russia than there has ever been between the western eu and the eastern eu . 
  especially recently with crypto-communists like gerhard schroeder or merkel ( to whatever extent * crypto * can apply to her ... ) . 
  all that delusion has quickly dissipated in the past year . 
  we know we stand alone . 
  that 's why lithuania has brought back the draft , that 's why poland is getting ready . 
   russian aggression rages on despite nothing being done to stop it shocking . 
  it certainly seems like they do . 
   due to politics due to russia . 
  the ground beneath them should be charred too . 
  i bark at the soon-to-be nerve gassed dog . 
  it only took 45 years of russian rule for words like * slav * or * eastern europe * to be immediately evocative of ghettos , poverty , alcoholism , stupidity , failure and hopelessness . 
   russia is europe 's biggest threat it has always been . 
  the mongol and ottoman empires together have n't done half the damage russians have managed to do just in the last 200 years . 
  answering with anything else does n't seem to work . 
  one one hand , yes , killing them might seem appealing . 
  but on the other hand , you would be allowing them a relatively painless passage into nonexistence by doing so . 
  should a country ever afford it , i think some kind of grand dehumanization ( i 'm only using this word for the sake of clarity ) is in order . 
  a massive undertaking that seeks to annihilate literally ever aspect of their psyche . 
  sandblasting their souls , think of it that way . 
  before they die , miserably , i would want every one of them to know it in their miserable hearts that their tormentors hold dominion over every cell in their miserable bodies . 
  and that the only thing that can stop the sword from burying itself down their gullets is air resistance , fortunately by an imperceptible degree . 
  mere killing is alright , it achieves the desired end , it takes us from a to b. 
  but for the eternal crimes communists have committed , it 's simply not enough . 
  communists themselves should be banned from being alive . 
  your ignorance is almost child-like . 
  everyone knows you have literally never presented a single rebuttal to any of my comments ever . 
  did you feel the need to prove it once again ? 
  i tried replying but it 's largely pointless so i deleted it . 
  your lack of any kind of foresight is insurmountable . 
  no arguments will suffice . 
  just do me a favor . 
  bookmark that comment of mine and read it again in a few weeks . 
  are n't you tired of playing defense for so long ? 
  it 's not like russia will stop after mariupol . 
  moldova will definitely see russian aggression . 
  would n't you prefer if we met them in the middle ? 
  the romanian army could realistically mop transnistria up in a week . 
  if ukraine would allow romanian troops access to odessa so they would n't have to cross the nistru , they could pincer it and raze it in a few days . 
  and they should do it pretty quickly now . 
  there 's not much time left . 
  can * you * enlighten us and present some arguments against albanian continuity in kosovo ? 
  arrived from where ? 
  there are lots of factually wrong things in your comment . 
  antonescu actually dissolved the guard when it started to become a special interest group . 
  i think codreanu was the one responsible for its rise . 
  not that i think the early iron guard was n't an outstanding thing . 
  but just so you know , you 're wrong . 
  his was alliance with hitler was just that , an alliance . 
  there was no national socialism in romania . 
  antonescu was the de facto head of a junta and maintained power via military dictatorship . 
  his decision to push beyond the nistru was correct from many reasons . 
  the most obvious would be the axiomatic truth that war is waged until the enemy is defeated . 
  another reason would be that him stopping at the nistru would have soured his relation hitler and possibly prompted him to occupy romania after an eventual axis victory . 
  also , your comparison with finland is not very helpful . 
  finland is part of a peninsula and had to defend a comparatively small bottleneck , plus russia was n't even focusing on it as much . 
  i think you 're severely underestimating antonescu 's intelligence not just as a tactician but as a strategist and statesman . 
  he played every single card as wisely as humanly possible using all the information that was available to him at the time . 
  his only fault being his lenience and trust in his compatriots , which inevitably brings me to your last point . 
  i 've discussed this every which way several times here on reddit . 
  there was nothing to be gained from removing antonescu , nothing at all . 
  russia did everything it wanted to do to romania .
