  for those that do n't remember , they literally bailed him out of impeachment and rightful imprisonment for his communist past , fleet case , mihaileanu house case and the basescu-casuneanu case back in 2012 . 
  now it turns out that he also received millions of euros from some gypsy loan sharks in exchange for releasing their chief from prison , which he did n't even do . 
  he literally gypped the gypsies . 
  i suppose it goes hand in hand with stealing cell phones , punching children and telling reporters to suck his dick . 
  \\  being ~ ~ called ~ ~ pro russian there is no room for interpretation here , absolutely none . 
  obama is pro-russian , end of story . 
  it does n't matter why he is pro-russian , to avoid starting ww3 ( i do n't know how that makes any sense but whatever ) or because stalin 's ghost is haunting his nightmares and manipulating his thoughts , the end results are much the same , unbridled russian aggression . 
  but i suppose that can never be a concern to someone living in belgium . 
  honest question , does anyone believe that obama is actually against this ? 
  us neutrality towards russian invasion and annexation of european territory does n't exist . 
  they 're either for or against it . 
  i do n't know about you guys , but i have n't seen a single thing to suggest that obama is even upset or concerned in any way . 
  this is how anyone who even pretends to be anti-russian would 've handled crimea 's annexation if they were the president of the united states : * send entire fleet to the black sea , park it in romanian ports . 
  * force turkey to close the bosporus . 
  * close the straits between denmark and sweden to cut the baltic sea off from the atlantic . 
  * make finland join nato . 
  * close the gulf of finland to cut off mainland russia from the baltic sea completely . 
  * aim his guns at kaliningrad , russia can not physically reach it without stepping on nato territory thanks to the previous measures , use it as a means to apply pressure on russia . 
  * make moldova join nato , oust any pro-russian governmental elements with romanian aid . 
  * declare russian minorities in eastern bloc countries a national security issue , implement martial law in the areas they reside in . 
  * cut off that southern ukrainian bit between moldova and romania to negate any russian incursions , keep going north and gradually arm the nistru 's entire western bank , all the way into ukraine . 
  * start deporting or imprisoning russian minorities in eastern bloc countries due to the very real risk they represent to those countries ' security . 
  * start pounding kaliningrad with total impunity , pass the ball to putin . 
  that would be the bare minimum that obama would 've had to do to even pretend his stance on the whole thing is anything but pro-russian . 
  instead we got `` sanctions '' , `` slamming '' and `` blasting '' . 
  nato does n't exist without the us . 
  since obama is pro-russian until proven otherwise , that makes your plight and mine even drearier than before . 
  i and many other people that live next to russia used to think that nato would simply abandon us in case of russian aggression and let us fend for ourselves . 
  right now things are looking even worse . 
  it seems like russian aggression would be ... endorsed by the west ? 
  not just some random guy . 
  he was talking to the son of sandu anghel aka bercea mondialu ' , a known gypsy loan shark/mafioso who is guilty of attempted murder , among other things . 
  he also clearly stated that the president is in on it and even received some of the money . 
  they were made by anghel 's son and he released them when the presidential clan failed to release his father , kept the money * and * had the audacity to attempt accusing anghel 's clan of `` blackmail '' when they asked for their money back . 
  i will post a translation of the essential parts tomorrow on / r/europe and / r/worldnews if no one else does . 
  and this is why people hate russians . 
  imagine if i sodomized your mother , elbowed her teeth out , shoved sharp implements in her eyeballs and threw some money in her general direction at the end of it . 
  what would your reaction be ? 
  \\  rebel units it 's ok , you can call them russian military . 
  any sane western chiefs of staff would never allow them to do this . 
  russia is at war with ukraine , at war with europe . 
  kaliningrad should 've been locked down by western powers and any russian military vehicles trying to get in and out would 've been attacked and destroyed instantly . 
  for those that still do n't believe that obama is pro-russian , can you tell me one thing that he has done so far , just one , that has hindered putin in any way ? 
  and please do n't say sanctions . 
  there is no such thing as neutral here , especially for the us . 
  you 're either with russia or against it . 
  i have n't seen any evidence to suggest obama is against russia in any way . 
  that does n't leave much room for interpretation . 
  right on , by brother . 
  ca n't wait for basescu , with his communist past , fleet case , mihaileanu house case and the casuneanu case , to face this new independent justice system . 
  i ca n't believe these new , fearless , pro-european agencies have spared him for so long . 
  it 's kinda crazy , no ? 
  how long * has * it been ? 
  it 's been common knowledge that he was the official representative of the socialist republic of romania at antwerp in the 80s for so long . 
  and i think we can all extrapolate that a romanian working in belgium in the 80s as the country 's official representative had to have been one of ceausescu 's right hand men and a personal friend . 
  man , if only these spry prosecutors could find his damn security file , the thing has been missing since ... forever ? 
  * weird * !, 
  read [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/26ye44/over_850_romanians_convicted_for_corruption/chvyff0 ) . 
  to anyone that believes that being in nato will matter when push comes to shove , do n't hold your breath . 
  there 's the fact that no one would come to our aid because the west considers us second class humans in all aspects . 
  but we do n't even have to go that far . 
  nato leadership seems to be ... retarded ? 
  i mean , you have breedlove openly admitting that they had no plan for a russian annexation of crimea . 
  that 's like a pilot saying he had no plan for the takeoff of his own plane . 
  it 's borderline absurd . 
  and to openly say that in front of the world is skull-splittingly moronic . 
  anything this guy does is bound to fail . 
  i refuse to believe that someone who does n't even grasp basic human psychology and is seemingly unaware of even the bare minimum requirements of his own job is going to successfully orchestrate my protection from the 20th century 's biggest terrorists and savages . 
  those are 2 * main * factors that lead me to believe we 're on our own . 
  there is also the `` trite '' fact that europe does n't have an eastern border that can be realistically maintained in the face of russian aggression . 
  i guess having an ocean to the left and a meat shield to the right makes the prospect of actually doing something like arming their continent 's border , which would in turn force them to drag themselves over here and enforce it , ultimately unattractive for nato leaders . 
  and they say western european values are dead !, 
  at least you 're admitting that obama has done nothing . 
  but really now , that 's your explanation ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  europe doing this and that should , at best , have no bearing on obama 's actions . 
  at the very worst , it would make the need for direct american intervention * even more urgent than it already is * . 
  since russia is america 's biggest geopolitical foe , like romney said before he got laughed at , obama would only be shooting himself and his country in the foot by not acting . 
  which is exactly what he 's doing . 
  alright , let 's be real . 
  a bald person walks up to a microphone and starts pontificating about how he 's totally not bald , * let it be known that my scalp is home to a lush , thick jungle of long , dense , rich hair * , and then goes on a tirade about how he hates the idea of being bald and how he is a champion of having hair for people everywhere . 
  that does nothing to change the objective , empirical fact , rooted in physical reality , that that person is fucking bald . 
  in the same way , obama can jump up and down all he wants about how much he disagrees with putin , he can slam his actions all he wants , at the end of the day he 's still pro-russian . 
  there have been no real actions from his side , of any kind , to suggest otherwise . 
  * but he just shaved his head , it 'll grow back * !, 
  he 's still bald . 
  * but he 's going though chemo and lost all of his hair * !, 
  he 's still bald . 
  * but baldness runs in his family * !, 
  he 's still bald . 
  * but he suffered 2nd degree burns all over his head and face * . 
  he 's still bald . 
  ** he is bald ** . 
  end of story . 
  obama is pro-russian , a traitor . 
  i explained this more thoroughly in another thread :  russia is a geopolitical enemy , obama has given them plenty of comfort , more than putin could have ever hoped for . 
  his reason for invading ukraine being to stop them from associating with the eu , with nato and with the us . 
  an invasion and annexation which was downright endorsed by obama , through repeated empty threats and walking on eggshells while ukrainians were getting their land stolen and people on both sides were dying . 
  if putin 's whole reason for doing this was to stop them from making ties with the us and obama did nothing to counter russian aggression then obama is enabling russia , an enemy , in waging war against us interest . 
  russia 's action are ultimately anti-american and obama is adhering to them .
