  i 'd even argue it has actively hurt progress in those areas . 
  * highways are just as much of an abstract concept as they were in the 90s , roads in general are just as bad . 
  railroads are worse than they were before ww2 . 
  there have been no efforts to do anything about flooding , or buying crop irrigation systems , literally nothing has been done since the 90s . 
  * gypsies still feel like they own the place , even the most minute level of organized crime has yet to be stamped out . 
  `` small '' crimes like assault or burglary go unpunished at an alarming rate . 
  no initiative has been taken , on europe 's side or ours , to make laws relating to self-defense or home invasion more permissive towards the would be victim . 
  or to give regular civilians the possibility to legally own fire arms or other weapons . 
  crime rates going down since the 90s had nothing to do with the eu . 
  it naturally went down in serbia or albania at a similar rate . 
  * at the higher levels , jailing supposed corrupt officials with very questionable methodology and shady trials is useless as long as the person coordinating the `` justice system '' is a man with 3 files/cases that could even send obama to life in prison instantly . 
  even if he was squeaky clean , it would still be useless since 90 % of the high level arrests and convictions are politically motivated . 
  even if they were n't , the officials in question would be replaced by new ones within days since corruption starts at the bottom and things like bribery are so ingrained in the average romania 's mind that unless you can fill the * entire administrative landscape * with saintly characters like ion antonescu , corruption will continue to thrive . 
  by the way , eu funds are still untouched . 
  do n't you find it at least a bit odd that a president who literally had no opposition since 2007-2008 , had complete freedom to remove adversaries at will , had eu 's support , 7 secret services and like 10 `` anti-corruption institutions '' has not dared to touch eu funds and put eu money in what is essentially his own system ? 
  for 7 years ? 
  so much so that romania is a net contributor . 
  i wonder why . 
  corruption is the same as it was in the 90s . 
  the only difference is it 's now fully institutionalized . 
  in the 90s it was a natural reaction to a power vacuum . 
  now corruption is * in * power . 
  * hospitals are particularly awful . 
  their lack of gear was understandable in the 90s , when there was no money and no relations with the west . 
  there simply is no excuse for their current lack of equipment . 
  if you 're a fan of basescu 's `` justice system '' ask yourself when was the last time a health care union figurehead was sentenced for anything . 
  their protection of known butchers and murderers who masquerade as doctors should be enough for the convictions to flow freely . 
  where 's the `` independent justice system '' now ? 
  you 're just as likely to be maimed or die due to neglect in a hospital as you were in the 90s . 
  no progress had been made there either . 
  * i do n't think i need to make too many comments about our military . 
  though i suppose there 's a certain metaphysical romanticism in surviving outnumbered and outgunned throughout 2000 years of history . 
  but still , eu and nato should 've been 100 times more strict when it comes to their members ' military . 
  there should straight up be a law saying all members should have this many fighter jets and that many tanks . 
  no reference to a percentage of the gdp or anything like that . 
  straight up you need to have at least this many missiles if you want to be in the eu or nato . 
  a * massive * failure on their part . 
  hard mandatory arming of the eastern border should have been a priority . 
  this is immediately relevant to the current war in ukraine . 
  * our political landscape is looking extremely bleak , perhaps more so than ever after ' 89 . 
  who are you going to vote for president this year ? 
  i do n't know either . 
  i think even the most zealous basescu disciple has to admit his effect on the political landscape has been nothing short of devastating . 
  he has n't even groomed anyone to be his successor . 
  even people in `` his party '' have only dared to appear as his humble servant or not appear at all . 
  ponta and antonescu wo n't get 10 votes between them and there 's literally no one else that anyone would want to vote for . 
  the election might even be invalidated due to a low turnout rate . 
  having no viable presidential candidates in a semi-presidential republic while there 's a war going on next door usually brings drastic things about . 
  maybe the eu anointing vassals and bailing them out of impeachment might not have been the best idea ? 
  * i 'm still waiting for communism to be disavowed . 
  i 'm still waiting for people who represented the socialist republic of romania at antwerp to be blacklisted from the political scene , tried and convicted . 
  i 'm still waiting for 1 fucking political prisoner to be decorated . 
  i 'm still waiting for gulag wardens to be at least blacklisted from working in schools and to eventually die by firing squad . 
  i think even that inane and pitiful speech that someone was going to make in brussels a few years ago , something like * guys communism was like kinda bad * , was shot down by france . 
  lots of progress right there . 
  all of this ties into people 's mentality . 
  it never changed for the better since ' 89 . 
  it 's still appallingly solipsist , self-centered , primitive , short-sighted , apathetic , etc. 
  the only difference is most of these traits have been exacerbated and encouraged by the eu 's open borders , austerity and `` entrepreneurial spirit '' . 
  fuck me , the brain drain alone is enough to safely say joining the eu has had a devastating effect on romania . 
  i do n't know about 30 minutes , but if something does n't change in the next couple of months we 're gon na be in a world of shit . 
  edit : i accidentally a lot of words . 
  what games ? 
  russia is at war . 
  there 's been a whole lot of progress in ballistics and law enforcement since the 1700s . 
  i think automatic rifles , apcs and napalm would make those kinds of laws far more effective nowadays . 
  they 're not even * that * dangerous . 
  it 's just our countries ' spinelessness that made them lose all shame . 
  really now , 100 gendarmes and a couple of flame tanks would wreck mercedes boss and his henchmen any time and any place . 
  it would only have to happen like 3 times before they start chilling out . 
  most people erroneously view the nato line like [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/red_and_blue_800_%c3%97_600,_horizontal.png ) , when in reality it looks something like [ this ] ( http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2011/022/a/8/stock_gradient_red_blue_by_einstud-d37scl4.jpg ) . 
  allowing russia total freedom in the red zone is your safest bet if you believe the first picture is an accurate representation of reality , if they 'll touch the blue then that 's it , we go to war . 
  but really , i do n't think the line is that clear . 
  it 's not clear for many reasons . 
  for example , the eu has made it crystal clear that its eastern members are second class members and completely subordinate to the west . 
  romania and bulgaria are not in the schengen area . 
  the worldwide perception of these countries is that they 're `` not real people '' . 
  when ukraine got invaded the internet was like * they should let russians kill them anyway , ukraine is n't real , we 're not going to war over a bunch of tadpoles that live in the mud * . 
  it would be very easy for nato to just drop a couple of countries if they get invaded without discrediting the alliance itself . 
  people 's reaction would just be something something potato something something gypsy and then they 'll reheat the same stupid broth about how the us military could wipe the floor with russia 's even though that 's not what matters in war and it 's an insanely dangerous thing to play chicken with urliac barbarians , all the while standing idle and doing nothing . 
  the line is n't even clear on russia 's side . 
  we all saw the local pro-russian troops bullshit rhetoric and how quickly the world ate it up . 
  the real situation looks like that second image . 
  and russia right now is past the halfway point , past the magenta ( ? ), 
  and into the violet . 
  when does that violet become blue ? 
  if local pro-russian personnel declares part of estonia independent does nato attack ? 
  if amphibious troops with russian weapons and gear start appearing in the danube delta does nato attack ? 
  if moldova gets invaded , which would inevitably cause a direct romanian-russian war within a week and the precedent of nato citizens being killed by russian troops is set , does nato attack then ? 
  what if finland and sweden get attacked ? 
  upholding nato should 've started when ukraine got invaded , right when russia stepped into that area where red is no longer red , into that pink or whatever it is . 
  waiting for them to go past every hue of violet and definitively step on the blue , and being strangely proud of it too , is setting yourself up for either a ) atrocious war , b ) the dissolution of nato by trading war for shame since russia wo n't stop at second class members which would also lead to atrocious war , c ) putin smoking a bowl and calling merkel up to talk about space for a bit before deciding to inexplicably turn back . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/226cmw/russian_ministry_of_culture_thesis_russia_is_not/ why were they in there in the first place ? 
  no surprise here , it 's a shame europe does n't act accordingly though . 
  this is the second time in 10 years he stumbled ass-backwards into the truth . 
  i can get behind that . 
  i 'm curious as to what nato will do if moldova gets invaded , romania sends troops across the prut , the border between romania and moldova essentially disappears and russian troops start appearing in the danube delta . 
  romanian troops crossing the prut in case of russian invasion is primarily a defensive act , the people living in the 2 territories being one and the same throughout 2000 years of continuous history , only being recently separated by russian aggression . 
  i doubt nato will acknowledge this though . 
  in fact , i think it 's gon na be a perfect excuse for them to continue doing nothing when russian troops start taking over romanian ports .
