  i genuinely do . 
  i think in that way you 're aiming more for a free trade area , not the whole single market . 
  and in that way you get ` free ' movement of goods and services only ( not capital and not people ) . 
  so banks and financial sector would have their access to eu capital markets limited , and more things i guess . 
  see here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_trade_area i really think that will be what is going to be on the table if uk insists into not accepting free movement of people . 
  i 've read somewhere german government officials are already looking into what a deal of ` associate country ' with a free trade agreement would look like . 
  that 's ... politically complicated , imo . 
  i think , a debt re-structuring would work better - rescheduling reimbursements calendar , debt maturities , etc , for that purpose . 
  ( although i seriously think greece needs a cut , another yes and it sucks , but it 's needed , sorry . ), 
  but , perhaps , some investment in infrastructure ( that would somehow bring in goods , labour from other economies ) might be a good idea , idk . 
  that 's a very good question . 
  i happened to thought about it a few days ago ... 
  i think the only reasonable way would be to increase/promote imports , to balance , but that 's not easily done . 
  i do n't really have a clear answer for that , but that does n't mean we should not try to think of one . 
  i think those surplus could really help balance out some anemic eu economies . 
  yep , that what really hits my nerve . 
  it 's all this talk of sanctions , rules and strictness , and then getting , for one , junker saying that `` france is france '' , and for other germany trade surplus which is n't in line with the rules too . 
  people are looking for for stuff that undermines eu ? 
  look no further , not giving a fuck for fairness rots the eu way more than uk leaving the union . 
  wow , extraordinary well informed reply . 
  hat tip to you , sir !, 
  `` you guys let me make the rules , or i 'll shoot myself in the foot !, 
  check-mate , your move . '', 
  telegraph is delusional . 
  so it does free movement of capital . 
  free movement of people is there to adjust/counter balance the free movement of capital . 
  sorry that 's how proper unified markets work . 
  that 's a free trade area , not a single unified market like eea . 
  if uk does n't want free movement of people , it can try to get a free trade agreement with eu/eea ( but not full common market access ) with only free movement of goods and services ( excluding capital and people ) . 
  free trade as in free trade agreement of goods and services ( excluding free movement of capital and people , and obviously excluding access to single common market per se ) ? 
  yep , but that 's a core tenant of the single market . 
  from my pov , uk exits the eu , accepts free movement of people and gets access to the common market , or does n't and gets a free trade agreement ( a degree of movement of goods and services ) - which i think the latter will pose a serious damage to uk financial sector , do n't think it will be a deathblow , but there will be a significant economic downscaling for sure if uk is out the common market . 
  everyone needs to keep their cool , and uk needs to clarify it 's intentions as soon as possible , it will certainly help to maintain the coolness in all this process . 
  the road ahead wo n't be easy , it will take years and lots and lots of looong negotiations , so as soon as we start the better , for both sides . 
  hey , no biggie , cheers . 
  i would , but i do n't know how to do it . 
  care to help a bit ? 
   cheers . 
  article has paywall , but one can open it through [ google news ] ( https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;gl=us&amp;tbm=nws&amp;q=s%26p+strips+u.k.+of+triple-a+credit+rating ) . 
  here 's the article text nonetheless : * `` standard & poor 's global ratings stripped the u.k. of its pristine triple-a credit rating on monday , warning the country 's vote to leave the european union will lead to a less predictable , stable , and effective policy framework . 
  * * the firm , which cut the country 's ratings by two notches to double-a , also said the vote for `` remain '' in scotland and northern ireland creates wider constitutional issues for the country as a whole . 
  the ratings outlook is negative . 
  * * the credit rater said it believes the u.k. economy was able to attract higher inflows of low-cost capital and skilled labor than it would have without eu membership and said the u.k. 's eu membership , alongside london 's importance as a global financial center , bolstered sterling as a reserve currency . 
  * * s&p had warned friday that it was reviewing the ratings and said it believed the vote to leave the eu would deter investment in the economy , decrease demand for sterling reserves and put the country 's financial services sector at a disadvantage with other financial centers . 
  * * the move comes after rival firm moody 's investors service lowered its outlook on the u.k. 's credit rating to negative from stable on friday . 
  but moody 's affirmed the u.k. 's rating at aa1 , the second highest available . 
  after maastricht free movement of labour was upgraded to free movement of people , you can live , study , etc , i think . 
  uh ... then you can have a single market with yourself i 'd say . 
  and btw that definition comes from the agreements of the common market themselves ( laws and stuff , you know ) . 
  here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area#rights_and_obligations, 
  eea is based on four freedoms : goods , capital , services and people . 
  as eu said times and times , there 's no ' \u00e0 l\u00e1 carte ' . 
  one either accepts them all or ca n't be part of common market . 
  could be another form of trade agreement though , but certainly not access to free common market as there is today . 
  that 's how eu , and actually the eea , was built , based on four freedoms : goods , services , capital and people . 
  that 's the core of the project . 
  eu has said over time there 's no ' \u00e0 l\u00e1 carte ' . 
  one accepts them all or does n't get access to common market . 
  ok , but that 's the eu project all along . 
  eu is n't simply another fta , sorry . 
  that 's the kind of pact eu ` builders ' made with their citizens and societies : free movement of goods , capital , services and people . 
  if you remove one of those tenants , the whole thing falls apart . 
  the minute eu signed a deal with uk for common market access without freedom of movement the eu would start breaking from the south up to the core , no brainer . 
  freedom of movement it 's a huge thing for europe , and it is n't by any chance on the table accessing common market without it . 
  the minute eu signed a deal with uk for common market access without freedom of movement the eu would start breaking from the south up to the core , no brainer . 
  i seriously doubt eu will let the option 2 go unscathed . 
  that would be the worst . 
  uk position in the eu would be highly compromised , suspicion of uk would run amok , it 's begging for this to end * very * badly . 
  eu elite seems to feel really ` pissed ' off by this escalation of ' a internal tory dispute ' and ` david cameron political game ' ( the way they see it ) jeopardizing the entire project , and they are starting to really be fed up with the uk and it 's already special status on it . 
  for 2 option to happen uk would really have to cave in and get used to not having significant power in eu for a long time , i 'm afraid . 
  ( i 'll let yes prime minister explain : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lscvfwe-rp0 ), 
  yep , that what i was saying . 
  that could be like a compromise position , and if boris sells it on the line of `` look , this was a very close result and the nation is clearly divided on this issue , so we think this might be a good compromise '' , could be a bare ` ok ' way to get out of the mess the winning camp seems to be in at the moment . 
  the only thing that concerns me is that eu seems not willing for this to go unscathed , which makes the political contours of ( even ) that option much more thorny . 
  ( for which the uk lack of plan and clarification does n't really helps , and it even makes it worse , as the time goes by . ), 
  such irresponsibility from ` leave ' / ` brexit ' ( tory and all ) ` elite ' , not having not even a hint of a plan . 
  i wonder how much it will take for everyone to start calling a bluff on them . 
  so , if `` british people will still be able to go and work in the eu ; to live ; to travel ; to study ; to buy homes and to settle down '' , eu people will still be able to go and work in the uk , live in the uk travel to uk , study in uk , buy home and settle down in the uk . 
  does n't seem to me that this was exactly what ` leavers ' campaigned and voted for , but anyway the result was rather close and this free movement of eu people * both * ways could be a compromise position , idk . 
  deal with access to single market has to include free movement of people . 
  other than that , it 's unacceptable and makes all this a joke . 
  gentle reminder , if and when uk activates article 50 the two year countdown clock starts . 
  until then , business as usual i supose ? 
  booom , headshot !, 
  i kinda like german ones . 
  somehow feel they got more harmony , idk . 
   ( like a identity guideline almost ), 
  yep , it 's cool , i know - and folks here know too , we do n't feed into it . 
   let 's continue moving forward . 
  cheers . 
  bla bla bla whatevs . 
  hey feel free to continue to complain n shit here . 
  i do n't know reddit character limit , but ... post another comment if it does n't fit . 
  have fun !, 
  hey man , it 's cool , seriously . 
  it 's not with your kind of dutch ( or with your kind of europeans for that sake ) i want to build europe with . 
  there are much more interesting and competent dutch we want to work with . 
  feel free to continue bitching n shit . 
  yes , and it felt very embarassing . 
  i think the author means more that all europeans should pay eachother debts - since free flow of labor is an objective ( us like ) .
