social democrats in portugal are liberal centre-right and socialists are actually social democrats , fyi ,, 
  the day eu permits this sort of thing on it 's ( schengen area ) members it 's the day i will actively defend the withdrawal of portugal from euro and eu . 
  i already have two friends over germany , yes - hamburg . 
  here 's one right here . 
  it 's insane the number of my friends that are ( and preparing to be ) scattered around the globe . 
  truly a new wave of emmigration - but unlike others , this time it 's a highly qualified professionals one , which is both sad and worrying for the future of the country . 
  then again , merkel \u2260 germany . 
  and it is n't only merkel pushing that agenda forward but a large portion of the european right , that happen to have merkel as it 's head politician . 
  i 'm from portugal and i do n't like it either . 
  i may be against our politicians , or even do n't agree with some german * politicians * but i always distinguish the policies from the country and it 's people , because ultimately that 's all that matter , the people . 
  i think it 's easier to put all the blame on one side than try to look to yourself and ask `` so what do i can do to make this work better together ? '', 
  - this is valid for everything . 
  we have to fight populist rethoric like that , on both sides of the story - lazy south and evil north . 
  democracy , uh ... 
  it sucks right ? < / sarcasm , 
  true that . 
  that 's the concept of democracy you know ? 
  the `` mobs '' decide which path they want to take and elect folks . 
  so , i guess if you 're not part of their `` mob '' it 's not up for you to say what 's best for their country . 
  yep , a couple of months ago , someone said that this is in a sense not a ` war ' between islam and the west , but really a ` war ' between a modern/moderate/xxi century islam and a radical islam . 
  i have ` faith ' in our society ( and our laic states ) to be able to distinguish between honest good people and criminals/terrorists ( regardless their religious beliefs ) . 
  here 's a full playlist of these small videos : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myl3kw7dcrm&amp;list=plwhusq7vmqkib3zjggyhpivj6pituwikl&amp;index=1 if you want to know more , you check these sites : http://lastdaysoftua.com http://www.salvarotua.org/en disclaimer : i 'm not affiliated with the initiative , these just reached me out through facebook . 
  just wanted to share and raise awareness to what i think to be also as part of european culture . 
  closer fiscal integration must come with double reassurance of free people/workers movement , social policies integration , banking union and and towards federal system of transfers/bigger federal budget . 
  or we are a union that works for everybody , or if it 's a union to impose a certain political and economic governance model without any other benefit for all eu citizens , forget it . 
  in that case we better start thinking how to dismantle integration actually . 
  yap , that . 
  if we start going by this reason , it 's best to end schengen area . 
  and if we go by that reason , it might be best to end the eu . 
  i 'm criticizing the unfair ( and all the further variants ) labeling of such coalition . 
  the assessment of such coalition is a different topic - that given the ongoing parliament events is early to tell imo . 
  your assumptions regarding my message are wrong , sorry . 
  i see no reasonable arguments in the message , sorry . 
  in fact quite totalitarian , un-democratic and very biased interpretations of the suposedly `` people 's will '' and `` to keep the greater good '' ones i recon . 
  reminds me of some of the traits of the european dictatorship regimes of the xx century , which it is n't a good sign at all , imo . 
  you know that it 's entirely fair , legal and constitutional to constitute coalitions on the parliament right ? 
  and from what i 've seen on the campaign , the socialist party always said he would n't do a coalition with the right , so no tricks there , only democracy and the parliament working . 
  time to move on , pal . 
  op , man , you tease . 
  yap , this is really interesting . 
  i would add up to that , strengthening our ties/integration with spain ( for an ` iberian zone ' ) , and why not continue talks/cooperation with ` southern bloc ' - hopefully one that could help influence eu policy . 
  from what the experience of greece has taught us we have at least to be as much ` prepared to leave the euro ' as possible for that to act as ` bargaining leverage ' . 
  and if a country refuses to honor payment due dates and debts in euros , what 's the endgame ? 
  invasion ? 
  pushing for civil war ? 
  i do n't feel that language is that much of a big hindrance to prevent the single market to function properly . 
  i do n't feel that multilateral free trade agreements go as deep in like , capital movement and integration as single markets , but yhea , when you do n't have free movement of people as part of that , i think the level of free trade has to be limited as to work fairly , imho . 
  yep , i agree with you on the second paragraph . 
  more or less , as in when you have a highly fluid and integrated single market , free movement of people acts like a _ balancer _ as in if goods and capital are allowed to move and compete freely , this can generate trade imbalances between stronger to weaker economies , and thus people are also fluid and can move to where the economy is best , etc. 
  so , in this paradigm it 's in the best interest of everyone to reforce integration , cohesion and reduce social-economic imbalances , imho - if one choses to adhere to that , of course . 
  having that fluidity of absolutely free movement goods , services and capital without people , i do n't think it works as a platform for ` single ' market - and one i 'm totally against , like it 's all four freedoms , or we end the single market and resort to some degree of protective policies . 
  epp working their game . 
  and they are thirsty after that un secretary general fiasco . 
  stay tuned !, 
  i mean , no biggie . 
  it 's cool . 
  i 'm sad ( truly ) to see uk go , but i really respect the right it has to do it so . 
  just that , if one wants single market conditions economically-wise ( all things like financial passporting and all , etc. ), 
  has to respect free movement of people . 
  if it does n't , it 's more like a trade agreement to access single market , obviously more limited than making part of it . 
  as long as the core-values of the single market remain intact ( four freedoms being a big part of it ) , i think there 's plenty of room to reach an agreement - which obviously implies that uk do n't really needs to adhere to those , just that in that case it 's not a member of the single market , probably more like a partner that has some degree of access to it . 
  ` wrong way ' signs keep flashing before eu eyes , it insists continuing forward . 
  until the day ... 
  there 's no deal in there . 
  try again . 
  here 's a counter deal , uk wants to be part of eea ( and accept free movement of people ) or it can have some form of free-trade agreement ( for goods and some services , and without passporting for financial-services industry ) . 
  i doubt we can offer a better deal to the uk . 
  out of the single market ( with no passporting rights for financial services ) then ? 
  i think it may happen , but if that were to be the case , i think it would happen before any invocation of a50 , that probably would end up never being invocated . 
  but , i find that * extremely * unlikely , because i do n't think there 's a procedure to ` cancel ' article 50 invocation - in the sense that when one uses it , it 's already with a foot out , therefore why i 'm saying that it truly seems a one-way road , simply there 's not any legislation on the treaties to ` reverse ' article 50 . 
  it really seems to me that , in that case , eu would more easily extend period and try another round of negotiations or so . 
  does n't seem a viable scenario for preventing the exit . 
  it seems to me that article 50 is one way road , as in ... if the deal is put to a vote in referendum , if it gets rejected and article 50 time expires , uk will ` hard leave ' . 
  or if it gets extended , it will be in the sense to conclude negotiations for leaving . 
  from my pov as soon article 50 is triggered , the country will leave sooner or later for sure . 
  no , it 's not the truth . 
  it 's a heavily biased vision , i 'm afraid . 
  i do n't accompany that . 
  leaving the euro ? 
   i do n't mean to sound arrogant it 's cool , you 're *** definitely *** in the right track for that . 
  ... and regarding france , italy , germany ( trade balance above 6 % per growth and stability pact ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqgp6p0mnc8 cool one . 
  let 's continue this ` union ' then - full of equality for all and all that shit . 
  i would keep a closer look to the south , who knows when it also starts breaking from there too ... 
  oh , got it , did n't read it that way . 
  faaankx !, 
  looks like it . 
   she also appeared to suggest that any eu citizen arriving after sept. 9 , the date a new leader will be chosen , might not have their ability to remain in britain protected under eu rules : `` under free movement you do n't have to guarantee free movement for ever . '' could n't this trigger warning , sanctions under something like article 7 , possibly ending up with uk voting and membership rights being suspended ? 
  because until it leaves , uk is still a eu ( and eea ) member and must respect freedom of movement of ( eu ) people , from my pov . 
  / casm ? 
  yes , most definitely / casm . 
  yap , from pov uk and eu have two options : 1 . 
  accept all for freedoms and movement of people to be part of the single market ( eea , like norway ) ; 2 . 
  or hammer a association/trade agreement with free trade of goods and services and cooperation ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_association_agreement , like morocco , egypt , turkey , etc. ), 
  ca n't that be done through an association/free trade agreement ( not really making part of single market ) encompassing only goods and services ( similar to morocco , egypt , turkey , etc ) ? 
  edit : well , actually like so : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_association_agreement, 
  wow , the lack of notion for reality in this comment is just astonishing . 
  reality will be crashing so bad onto you and people that think like so , that ... 
  i even ... wow !, 
  you have no idea . 
  i feel bad for the uk and the folks in uk that already realised it , and are seriously worried about what 's coming next and how hard it will be to handle all this .
