hmm ... muslim majority and serbia is part of this supposed empire . 
  kebab removal is imminent, 
  when i say mostly i refer to importance , not numbers ; after all the commander on the christian side was sobieski and the hussar charge pretty much wiped the battlefield i do n't want to steal the flame of the austrians , but the role of the poles was very significant . 
  sorry if i am wrong about this . 
  you ( along with the germans and austrians , but mostly you ) saved western europe from the fate of us south-easterners . 
  probably from goulash :d, 
  creating artificial blood is hard work . 
  you dissapoint me portugal , our maps and google searches about you were n't variations of `` poverty '' or `` part of spain '' . 
  feelsbadman, 
  well , very little happens in the towns , in fact they are quite peaceful . 
  in the rural areas however , shit sometimes gets medieval ( no surprise since it is one of the poorest counties ) and when something newsworthy happens , it is usually either a murder/rape or an article worthy of the onion ( such as a burglar who broke into a village store and stole nothing but the notebook which contained everyone 's debts . ), 
  deus vult ... . oh shit wrong period of history ... still latin though, 
  well , borisov kinda resembles a bald tormund  ), 
  funny how most of the people who voted for leave also tend to be the people that believe in the whole `` jews control the world and anyone pro-establishment is actually mind-controlled by money . '', 
  ~ ~ winter ~ ~ recession is coming . 
  what the hell is it with anti-establishment politicians and stupid haircuts ? 
  so he is literally claiming that russians have down syndrome ? 
  * dying of laughter *, 
  if it makes you guys feel better , we are even more disappointed by our team . 
  words can not contain the shitstorm in our sports press right now . 
  if it makes you guys feel better , we are even more disappointed by our team . 
  words can not contain the shitstorm in our sports press right now . 
  we allied to the `` supposed master race '' because they were against the bear , and the bear took a chunk of our territory in 1940 . 
  oh nice , the good old uk master race at work . 
  it will only get too far if they manage to get eesti into nordic, 
  viva italia !, 
  eesti can into blackout drunkness but not into nordic ? 
  you know , we did n't really have much choice on who our `` friends '' were back then , in the `` golden age of the proletariat '' . 
  rip intellectuals, 
  100 % accurate, 
  and yet again we see that the germans are still on a guilt trip over the nazis and want to overcompensate by showering the migrant cause with money . 
  romania : '' you guys are basically roma gypsies right ? '', 
  `` you are slavs right ? '', 
  `` the moldovan language exists and it is different from romanian '' , `` transylvania belongs to hungary , right ? 
  `` do you guys have have running water/internet/electricity / etc. 
  turkey : `` you are muslims , thus you are arabs right ? '', 
  netherlands : `` you smoke weed right ? '', 
  ireland : '' you eat anything besides potatoes and lucky charms ? '', 
  italy : '' are you in the mafia ? '', 
  france : '' hon hon hon surrender monkeys '' czechia , hungary , poland , slovakia : '' you guys are eastern europeans right ? '', 
  austria : '' you guys are basically germans right ? '', 
  portugal : '' you guys are basically spanish right ? '', 
  armenia , georgia : '' you are muslims right ? '', 
  greece : '' alexander the great was not greek . '', 
  fyr of macedonia : `` alexander the great was greek . '', 
  '' you guys are basically bulgarians right ? '', 
  serbia : '' kosovo belongs to albania right ? '', 
  estonia : '' eesti can not into nordic '' ukraine : '' crimea is rightful russian land . '', 
  yea . . `` prost '' means `` stupid ''  ), 
  because the romanian language is a romance/latin language . 
  romanian is like 75 % latin , 15-20 % slavic and 5-10 % others ( greek , turkish , hungarian etc. ), 
  the same reason is why finland is n't really part of scandinavia . 
  their language is a lot more different compared to the nordics ( swe , nor , dnk , ice ), 
  3rd huge country in a row that does n't touch moldova and does n't completely cover romania ... romania best mania : dd, 
  neither australia nor canada want moldova :(, 
  what about visas ? 
  can you fuh ` ged about dem ? 
  damn dude , what a shithole , we are ravaged by war and all our neighbours are vastly richer than us . 
  / s ... why would you bother taking into account a history of neighboring powers that were n't particularly kind to us and a totalitarian system that ravaged our economy and our mentality for ~ 50 years plus the complete bastards that almost bankrupted the country in the 90 's . 
  nah , do n't take into account that things are actually getting better and do n't bother making your country a better place . 
  go somewhere else where everything is sunshine and roses and people offer you money on silver platters . 
  indeed . 
  i bet the people of uk would n't be happy if i said that drunk sheepshaggers are representative of their whole country . 
  or what if i said that the terrorists at molenbeek were representative of belgium 's population . 
  or that rape cases in sweden happen because all swedes are rapists . 
  i bet people would instantly jump at me saying i am ignorant and those cases are isolated and not done by the vast majority of the population . 
  romania and its gypsy population represents the same situation , but the others do n't bother to see the differences or learn anything basic about us , cuz you know , we are eastern europoors . 
  well , nice to know we are less liked than the country who threatens sweden over joining nato and annexes parts of ukraine and georgia . 
  at least we are liked more than the middle-eastern country who literally wishes death upon the western world and we are viewed slightly more favourably than a country with an authoritarian leader that has the eu by the balls in the whole migrant crisis fiesta . 
  this poll makes me feel like some sort of mythical creature ... 
  vocabulary : video games , especially morrowind and neverwinter nights etc. 
  tenses and grammar : half school / half tv/video games/internet, 
  < s  the romans considered big penises `` barbaric '' hence why many of their statues depicting men had small penises . 
  ( ex : david ) , romania bastion of civilization confirmed , hungarians : bar-bar-bar < / s , 
  fun fact : romanian has 2 names for this type of carriage depending on the type of animal that does the traction : '' c\u0103ru\u021b\u0103 '' when it is drawn by horses and '' car '' when it is drawn by oxen . 
  also , this type of vehicle is quite common in the countryside , but most people with self-esteem only drive them in the countryside ( cuz , you know , its much cheaper than a car ), 
  as far as territorial claims are concerned , our neighbors should have nothing to worry about . 
  we gave up those claims some time ago . 
  the only sort of exception is rep moldova , but the ball was and still is in their court . 
  too bad they suffer from split personality disorder and ca n't seem to decide whether they want to join us or become a russian client state . 
  not with that attitude , 
  not to mention they have an ethnic party in parliament ... 
  surely you are referring to the great romanian inventor , nicolae teslea , 
  can confirm , romanians eat pretty much everything either with bread or mamaliga ( maize porridge , but usually more solid and thick than italian polenta ) . 
  get out of here , perkele !, 
  is n't `` dwarf slavs '' a good one ? 
  dwarf in the tolkien-esque sense , as in small , rich , mountainous . 
  does it matter as long as they passed finland ? 
  pierogi , they love having a million consonants in their names , catholic , hussars , western slav best slav , witcher , they like hungary more than they like us feelsbadman, 
  indeed , at this point you ca n't even call it anecdotal evidence because the number of anecdotes is so big , that they at least partially reflect reality . 
  i have no idea how in my home town ( which is the backwater shithole of romania if you believe the `` news '' ) , there are pretty much no gyspy problems.they did n't all leave , there are still a number of them , but surprisingly they actually have respectable living conditions.i have n't yet encountered any problems in my current city , but then again i 've only lived here for 4 months . 
  is n't super mario italian ? 
   if anything we would be strawberry pickers or something like that . 
  sfintisori/mucenici are a certain type of pastry commonly consumed on the 9th of march to celebrate 40 christian martyrs or something among those lines . 
  very common in moldova and wallachia . 
  it looks like this : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2765/4420506530_a39b7c24e0.jpg palinca/horinca/tuica etc. 
  are all used to refer to a type of fruit brandy similar to our neighbours ' rakija and palinka . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rakia * inside joke with mona . 
  mona is a rubbing alcohol . 
  the 2 regions that `` drink '' it are also the 2 regions that get the `` backwards shithole '' stereotype .
