  yet we have virtually no influence in the government . 
  if we kept our money in the region we could be along the lines of europe by now . 
  another new yorker , nice . 
  where you from ? 
  i think most of us in ny have been in a bad electoral mood . 
  that 's why i propose we secede . 
  trust me , we ( at least the blue states ) know . 
  i happen to disagree . 
  it 's 4am and i 'd rather not get into it . 
  but it 's not like it 's not an option . 
  if the majority of americans want it , then eventually it 'll happen . 
  yes , they do . 
  our culture ( american culture ) was founded on individualism and skepticism towards the government . 
  that 's why concepts that are taken for granted in the majority of the developed ( universal healthcare , mainly ) are seen as the devil incarnate by a portion of americans . 
  we have the money to fund these things for sure . 
  the first thing that needs to change is our culture . 
  not a joke , but a curse . 
  ( yiddish ) `` lie in the ground and bake bagels . '', 
  the u.s ? 
  possibly . 
  under a different administration it could be more neutral . 
  france has better experience with overseas territories than india . 
  because there 's very few countries that would be able to handle that responsibility . 
  the only other one i can think of is france . 
  i think it 's a term that makes perfect sense . 
  despite our fanatics , most americans are as secular as europeans , especially in the cities . 
  you hear it occasionally , but not that much . 
  sometimes people say `` christians in name only '' i 'm jewish , but part of my family is catholic . 
  not religious ( except for one of us ) but we still get together . 
  there 's also jewish christmas , which is more of a new york thing . 
  israel and syria give up their claims to the golan heights , this goes to palestine , with enough land to connect the two . 
  palestine gets all the land connecting itself to palestinian refugee camps in syria and jordan . 
  egypt gives up the equivalent of the golan heights in the sinai peninsula for israel , and gets gaza in return . 
  america gets jerusalem . 
  israel compensates palestinian refugees in the german model , the surrounding arab countries do the same for the jews they expelled . 
  full kurdish independence . 
  restore the democratic constitutional monarchy ( pre-coup ) in iran . 
  topple erdogan and the saudi monarchy . 
  make myself king of israel ... because why not . 
  i do n't blame you . 
  we have a lot of very good food , but you can certainly find the unhealthy stuff . 
  avoid county fairs if you want to live . 
  a lot of southern cuisine is typically unhealthy . 
  very well prepared and delicious , but not the best for you . 
  i 'm from new york . 
  i have never seen that before in my life . 
  where do you live ? 
  the one or two times i 've heard my grandfather speak it ( he was in a swedish dp camp , then lived in stockholm for a bit . ), 
  it did sound kinda bouncy , yeah . 
  i really do n't get some of the french numbers . 
  dix-sept means 17 . 
  but it 's literally 10-7 . 
  the belgians have a better number system , imo . 
  oddly enough , we do goose for christmas . 
  turkey is for thanksgiving . 
  new york city . 
  san francisco , california . 
  seattle , washington . 
  brie , gjetost , wisconsin cheese curds , fresh mozzarella , and halloumi . 
  not french . 
  but we jews also have a good deal of love for napoleon . 
  he was the first leader in europe because he was the first leader to emancipate the jews , including north african countries . 
  if i can interject . 
  from what i can see , your monarchy provides some stability . 
  part of the reason why a lot of people are attracted to herr trump is because he 's a dynamic and charismatic figure . 
  we do n't really have a head of state here . 
  and that 's a problem whenever shit goes down here . 
  whenever the president addresses a tragedy . 
  half of us are placated , the other half riots because they think obama caused it . 
  so that 's my reason that i would vote no ( if i could ) on a republican referendum . 
  but that 's just my observation . 
  he 's said `` the jews love me '' . 
  and made antisemitic jokes at a conservative jewish conference . 
  so the majority of jews are voting clinton , unless you get into the orthodox crowd , who vote trump . 
  that 's the majority of clinton voters , i 'd think . 
  ( myself included ), 
  i 'm gon na broadcast this across new york . 
  try reds apple ale . 
  good stuff . 
  it was both . 
  you 're welcome . 
  jews in muslim spain were in an odd situation . 
  spain was indeed better than lets say , england , or the holy roman empire . 
  but not everything was sunshine and roses for them . 
  pre-partition poland was better than muslim spain . 
  do you think they 're ever actually gon na become independent ? 
  that 's a very nice flag . 
  a lot of things actually !, 
  beautiful nature . 
  i actually like scottish food . 
  i really like your music , poetry , etc. 
  i will * never * visit wishaw , but that 's personal . 
  it does , but it 's not the `` deep south '' ( mississippi , kentucky , etc. ), 
  it 's more southwest . 
  in all honesty , it depends on the state . 
  i saw it once or twice in manhattan . 
  america here too . 
  bottle of wine/alcohol is the standard . 
  yiddish . 
  in sweden , of all places .
