  a bagel , some cream cheese , smoked salmon , and some tomatoes . 
  there were dutch speakers in ny up until the early 20th century , we called it jersey dutch . 
  our flag ( the city flag ) is based off the prinsevlag , and i go to school in nassau county . 
  a lot of our stuff is named after you . 
  boy : zalman , ze'ev , izidor , or chaim . 
  girl : esther , chaya , rivka . 
  both : sasha . 
  in ashkenazi jewish tradition , you name a child after a relative that 's passed . 
  the names listed are all either the names of or derived from dead ( or old ) family members . 
  a good chunk of the spanish spoken in new mexico is closer to colonial spanish than mexican spanish , you 'd like it . 
  for american jews , the ten commandments ( older people ) and prince of egypt ( younger ) on passover . 
  i saw the english version in hebrew school . 
  borscht , with potatoes , kidney beans , and a dollop of sour cream . 
  either that , or with flanken ( short ribs ) . 
  i do , no joke . 
  i feel that the revolution was directly responsible for certain harmful cultural norms in american society . 
  * broken dreams so grand . 
  sing of his final stand , long live carolus ... *, 
  * cough *, 
  i would do it along a combination of several things : region , culture , nation status . 
  i do think everything from pennsylvania to maine should be its own country , this is n't even an exaggeration . 
  so there 's one . 
  then you have the former confederacy could re-amalgamate into whatever abomination they wish to form , and they would probably take some of the more culturally southern border states like arkansas , kentucky , west virginia , tennessee texas ... just , texas . 
  it would probably take oklahoma though , nobody cares about oklahoma . 
  minnesota , michigian , wisconsin , illinois , ohio , and michigan could amalgamate . 
  the california republic could annex washington and oregon . 
  nevada , colorado , new mexico , and arizona could form a southwest state , with the navajo nation compromising an independent territory . 
  utah is just ... utah . 
  they 're too distinct from the rest of the states . 
  idaho , the dakotas , nebraska , montana and wyoming could form a northwest state . 
  with the great sioux nation being re-established . 
  hawai'i could restore it 's monarchy , that we illegally overthrew . 
  the us overseas territories would gain the same powers as these countries . 
  all these new countries , along with larger indigenous nations , would act in a way similar to a federated eu : common foreign policy , constitution , and military but not much else . 
  the capital could be a fusion of dc and maryland . 
  religion-as for belief in god , not really . 
  do n't know , do n't care . 
  as for jewish practice , yes , for the most part . 
  i do n't wear a kippah ( all the time ) or pray three times a day . 
  but i celebrate shabbat , the holidays , etc. 
  food-hell yes . 
  we eat a lot of hungarian-ashkenazi food in my house , especially on holidays . 
  fashion-see above . 
  i own one of those tall furry hats though , bought it off ebay . 
  gestures-talking with my hands ? 
  * cough *, 
  more like ten . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what were your experiences ? 
  what did you find interesting about it ? 
  i 'll be visiting belfast in a few weeks , and i 'm very excited . 
  it looks beautiful . 
  i live there , we 've influenced the culture to a big extent . 
  feel free to drop by for shabbat next time you 're in town . 
  legally , he 's an american citizen . 
  in the sense that he 's a person who had to flee his home as a result of war and human rights violations , then yes . 
  i never made any mention of myself . 
  i 'm an american citizen , for now at least . 
  depends on how my postgraduate studies work out . 
  of course . 
  it 's not happening in america any time soon , unless herr drumpf decides to eliminate one of the amendments , in which case i would vote no . 
  that explains why my father despises lyons , and my english friend living in ireland loves it . 
  my grandfather is a refugee , a holocaust survivor from transylvania . 
  he 's told me a few stories , not of the death camps themselves ; but of the rehabilitation , the dp camps , his time in stockholm after that , and his journey to america . 
  i heard somewhere that catholics drink barry 's and protestants drink lyons . 
  that true ? 
  i personally think the hapsburg monarchy was a good thing , and were i offered hungarian ( or romanian citizenship ) i would vote for a restoration of the monarchies . 
  otto von hapsburg fought against the anschluss and worked to help austrian jewry . 
  mihai of romania led a revolt against the pro-nazi government . 
  my grandpa was born in 1925 , so this was after transylvania had been given to romania . 
  he spoke hungarian at home , romanian in school , and yiddish at cheder ( religious school ) . 
  he grew up singing `` tr\u0103iasc\u0103 regele '' and likes the romanian royal family still . 
  that being said , he just `` likes '' them , because he 's embittered with europe . 
  he 's more of a patriotic american than i am . 
  odd note : he insists on celebrating saint patrick 's day every year , with a full-irish american meal . 
  none of us are even remotely irish , he just sees it as american . 
  decently . 
  he does n't want to visit europe again , but he 's got nothing against your average german/austrian . 
  because his nurse is partially funded by the german government ( he 's 91 ) , when we told him this he yelled . 
  `` it 's about time !, 
  i made clothes for the germans . '', 
  he is n't too fond of poles or hungarians though . 
  his cousin told me stories of his hungarian neighbors dancing in the street when they took him/his family away . 
  my great uncle still uses little bits of german/yiddish in his vocabulary . 
  other than speaking hungarian with his brother ( my great uncle , they 're both from transylvania ) and the occasional ` oy ' , my grandfather speaks english almost entirely . 
  my great-uncle speaks english with an austrian accent , uses little words like ` mit ' instead of ` with ' , etc. 
  it 's really interesting . 
  they were both born in transylvania , and got separated after liberation . 
  my grandpa went to sweden before america , where he became secular . 
  my great-uncle went back to romania , where he became a hasid , then to austria , then here . 
  i 've heard that most jews in germany and austria today are from former soviet countries . 
  there 's an austrian ( or ` wiens ' ) synagogue in brooklyn actually , which my great-uncle attends . 
  it follows the german , ( or ` yekke ' ) custom of worship . 
  i 'm your standard new york yid , everybody thinks i 'm dutch . 
  most of them are russian , right ? 
  new york city , from reservoirs in the catskill mountains , upstate new york . 
  we have some of the best tap-water in the country . 
  ehhh . . as an irreligious jew , i would argue that the attitudes that jews , christians , and muslims hold towards god are so different that we might as well be worshiping different ones . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to prove or disprove the existence of a god , and i do n't particularly care . 
  i 'll find out when i 'm dead . 
  that being said , i still to go synagogue a few times a month , light candles on shabbat , observe jewish holidays , etc.
