  what makes you feel like that ? 
  those two are n't the same thing , but they can be related . 
  except for mine . 
  i use my great grandma 's recipes though . 
  if somebody looks clearly distressed , maybe offer . 
  code lyoko : it originally aired in france , but it was pretty popular in the us . 
  ca n't help but smile every time i hear it . 
  not a real one but it 's all i got . 
  swedish is my grandfather 's 4th language , so i heard him talking it on the phone a few times in my life . 
  it sounds kind ... jumpy . . with the second to last syllable normally extended . 
  it 's also the flag of nyc . 
  really ? 
  because that 'd kind of the opposite in america . 
  over 70 % of american jews vote democrat . 
  how do people feel about them today ? 
  i think prince george-friedrich is a pretty swell dude . 
  i do n't drink coffee , so i would n't really know . 
  but they do offer korean traditional teas , other asian things like bubble tea , pastries , etc. 
  from what i 've seen they offer standard coffee beverages . 
  very modern but nice , usually small . 
  yep . 
  red bean , taro , green tea filling . 
  shitload of buns . 
  utterly nonexistent . 
  though i live in the korean section of my town , so we have a lot of korean coffeehouses and chinese bakeries , which is nice . 
  i 'm their resident jew , it really is nuts . 
  my best friend ( a kurdish muslim who 's p devout ) gets righteously angry whenever she hears his name . 
  got ta go with goulash . 
  for us it was shabbat food . 
  i 've heard yiddish described as anything from `` funny german '' `` german with phlegm '' and `` what the fuck are you saying ? '', 
  swedes and jews are very similar in that regard . 
  united states : ethnically hungarian-jewish . 
  mostly olive oil and butter . 
  berries , apples , dates , and raisins . 
  onions , carrots , celery , tomatoes , peppers , and mushrooms . 
  nokedli and potato dumplings are a classic , but that 's more for special occasions . 
  normally it 's lokshen ( noodles ) or potatoes . 
  sometimes matzo balls . 
  challah , bagels ( everything bagels ) , rye bread , and black bread . 
  paprika , cloves , cinnamon , thyme , cayenne , garlic , s&p . 6 . 
  mostly beef and chicken . 
  lots of sesame and caraway seeds . 
  for sandwiches i use low-fat white american , or low-fat pepperjack . 
  for serving i normally do brie/camenbert , port salut , and mozzarella . 
  chili garlic sauce , spicy mustard , and curry ketchup . 
  my top three dishes are : 1 . 
  i normally do it semisweet , but i can do savory as well . 
  camembert . 
  funny thing about that . 
  the only reason that exists here is because jewish butchers gave that to irish immigrants at really low prices when they first came here . 
  so that 's really just an american meal . 
  pretty good , actually . 
  our system 's been fucked up from the beginning , but hillary won the popular vote . 
  we 're not that dumb ( but pretty dumb still ) . 
  wake up . 
  literally throw myself out of bed , because i know i 'll go back to sleep if i do n't . 
  a cup of strong black tea with a dash of milk . 
  normally lyon 's bagged , or harney and son 's `` east frisian '' blend or kennilworth ceylon . 
  breakfast is two whole-grain toaster waffles and some chicken sausages . 
  pack up , get moving . 
  i would probably change it to america the beautiful . 
  easier to sing , and less militaristic than spb . 
  not exactly . 
  but the foundation of the usa can be compared to the foundation of rhodesia . 
  white colonists declaring independence from britain because they felt british support of certain degrees of black emancipation threatened the status quo of white supremacy . 
  every state has its own official anthem , and there are a few regional ones that are n't commonly sung . 
  `` chester '' for new england . 
  `` dixie '' for the south , etc. 
  chicago , and the new-england/mid-atlantic region would be a huge boost . 
  though i 'm in the view that the latter should secede as well . 
  i think you 're thinking of bagels , similarly made , but not the same thing . 
  it was the german immigrants who brought pretzels . 
  are the germans alright ? 
  may i ask why ? 
  the israel part , that is . 
  massachusetts actually does . 
  and it 's in the works in new york . 
  we still kept the flag , if it makes you feel any better . 
  a good portion of our placenames are of dutch origin . 
  a good chunk of us still spoke dutch up until the early 20th century !, 
  that might have been an american in-joke . 
  in the olden days , jackson 's opponents called him `` king andrew '' cause of his extensive use of the presidential veto power . 
  moreso than any other president before him . 
  that being said , he is regarded as one of our worst presidents . 
  his violent nature , horrible policies towards indigenous folks , etc. 
  same here . 
  yep !, 
  it 's yiddish for `` pudding '' and it can be basically anything . 
  the most common forms are a savory potato pudding , or a sweet dairy pudding made with noodles , cottage cheese , raisins , cream cheese , etc ( it tastes better than it sounds ) . 
  every family has different recipes . 
  i know about gagauzia . 
  now that 's a comparison i actually have n't heard before . 
  that 's more the u.s , in all honesty . 
  close enough, 
  we 're jewish . . sooo, 
  it 's still goose in america !, 
  healthcare . 
  queens . 
  the thing is that ny ( and i 'm including nj in an independent ny , but even without it ) could be self-sufficient . 
  ny and nj give way more to the federal government than we get in return , as do almost all the progressive states .
