  you 're right about israeli academics , performers , stuff like that . 
  because sometimes that gets lumped in with just the nationality or ethnicity before knowing the political views . 
  i mean , the founder of bds has claimed that arab countries are n't antisemitic ... which is one of the biggest lies known to man , as the majority of israeli jews are refugees from arab countries or their descendants . 
  but there 's nothing wrong in of itself with protesting/boycotting israel in response to it 's actions . 
  it 's kind of in the middle . 
  israel is a very western country in some respects . 
  but the majority of its citizens are middle easterners in descent , either mizrahi jews or israeli arabs/palestinian israelis / whatever themselves . 
  there 's also ethiopian and central asian influences , as well as others . 
  in addition to the ashkenazi citizens . 
  it 's also not kosher . 
  glad you asked . 
  antisemitic and islamophobic crimes have skyrocketed in the last couple of weeks : swastikas being drawn more , attacks , etc. 
  many of the people that the loud orange has appointed to cabinet positions hold nazi sympathies ( most notably steve bannon ) . 
  many jews are very nervous at the moment . 
  y' know , i 'd love that . 
  not gon na happen though . 
  there 's a constitutional amendment that states that the potus legally can only have two terms . 
  before fdr it was just kind of expected , but since he did three terms ( died during the fourth ) , they made it law . 
  stupid choice in my opinion . 
  to be fair , most israelis despise the rabbinate like we americans despise congress . 
  please take the lead . 
  that would actually be hilarious . 
  impractical and ridiculous , but hilarious . 
  if a federal europe were to have a monarchy representing the whole unit , might as well go full hre and reinstate the habsburgs . 
  it 's similar to deus vult or allahu akbar , or gefilte fish , a faith-oriented war cry . 
  just need some italians to kill him and we 're set . 
  believe me , jewish communities across america ( myself included ) expressed their outrage at this asshole . 
  he took it down , still does n't help much . 
  he 's jewish , rich , and progressive . 
  soros is jewish . 
  three quarters of the `` anti-globalist '' campaigns are just rehashed antisemitic slurs . 
  the us south is short on a lot of things , one of them being literacy rates in comparison to the north . 
  great food though . 
  hopefully they 'll rise in literacy . 
  thank you for your service . 
  it 's normally a combination of the two . 
  like i said , it depends on where you are . 
  new yorkers ( and northeasterners in general ) are very open and helpful . 
  so long as 1 . 
  you walk fast 2 . 
  *** do n't block the fucking sidewalk *** . 
  our business interactions are quick , and to the point . 
  southerners , who are very outwardly polite and place a big deal on pleasantries , paint us as rude ; but this is just efficient to us . 
  for instance , when a cabbie gave me some candy in connecticut , i thought i was going to be killed right then and there . 
  but i have no problem fist-pounding and chatting with the guy who works at the local bodega ( deli for you non new-yorkers ) if nobody 's waiting on line . 
  huh . 
  i always thought we were perceived as the obnoxious ones . 
  i get the friendly aspect though , we are an amiable bunch . 
  though it varies depending on region . 
  they 'd be fine if they were white . 
  what makes you say that about americans ? 
  i have n't been to europe before , ( until a few weeks from now ) , so i 'm curious as to how we 're perceived . 
  he 's kosher . 
  speaking as a jew , this is n't antisemitism . 
  le pen has been antisemitic without bringing israel into the matter . 
  criticism of israeli policy and their disproportionate actions is valid . 
  that being said , i would prefer macron did it . 
  le pen 's antisemitism can leak into criticism of israel , which would be a problem . 
  yep . 
  john kerry included . 
  yiddish : holishkes, 
  a jewish polish rroma nazi *, 
  not most , but a huge chunk , yes . 
  they 're the second highest percentage demographic wise when it comes to jews . 
  the biggest percentage goes to moroccan jews . 
  nearly the exact same thing happened in america . 
  i personally think we should bring the territories and dc into statehood , and reduce the states that voted for trump into colonies . 
  decorative bullet casings , commonly found on caucasian traditonal clothes . 
  you like mexican boys ? 
  everybody thinks i 'm dutch . 
  most , but not all . 
  there 's plenty of non-ashkenazim here too . 
  in brooklyn , there 's tons of syrians . 
  i went to high school with a bunch of tajik and uzbek jews . 
  if you go to la , the jewish scene is extremely persian . 
  but yeah , the average jew is considered white . 
  that does n't mean we do n't face antisemitism . 
  antisemitism , ableism , and homophobia . 
  georgia 's the peach state . 
  my grandfather 's uncle fought in the honv\u00e9d during ww1 . 
  he was originally infantry , but was promoted to a warrant officer when it was discovered he was one of the few in his unit who could read and write . 
  like most of the family , he died in auschwitz . 
  i would not be alive without seltzer . 
  flushing . 
  oh hey , i 'm from queens . 
  i posted once or twice , from nyc . 
  i have some relatives in england ( though they were hungarian-born ) and slovakia , and a transylvanian-born grandfather . 
  yeah but like , they are `` heads of states '' . 
  if the state they 're the head of is no longer a sovereign state , then what happens ? 
  either you keep them , and they 're paramount to sub-national kings/nobility ( like the king of bavaria in the german empire ) . 
  or you just have a shitton of constituent republics . 
  my last name on my mom 's side is very common , and i plan to change it back to hers when my dad dies . 
  my legal ( dad 's ) last name is very common in the netherlands , but not here . 
  something might happen to the countries with constitutional monarchies . 
  if you kept them , they would be sub-level monarchies like in certain african countries . 
  my grandpa 's a 93 year old transylvanian jew , he still grumbles whenever anyone mentions triannon . 
  turkey sausages , on a piece of rye bread , with mustard . 
  i believe we should take in a considerable amount , and settle them into areas that are in decline . 
  towns in upstate new york that have already received refugees have gotten a significant boost . 
  ( it also might dilute the trumpiness of those areas , but shhh ) in addition , we should probably stop invading and destabilizing the middle east to begin with .
