things are looking up for us here actually !, 
  now that the usa just cut off ties with russia . 
  you just might get it back . 
  best of luck , m8 . 
  well * this * is surely gon na placate people and not incite bullshit at all . 
  but you 'd still call it xenophobic either way , right ? 
  yep . 
  king michael of romania ( still alive ) was forced to abdicate by the soviets , even though he lead a coup against the nazis in ww2 . 
  his abdication was deemed illegal , so he was allowed to keep his title as king . 
  many people ( myself included ) , but not the majority , are for restoration . 
  tatars * my bad . 
  what about bosnia ? 
  those are called bison . 
  turkey is both a tea and a coffee culture . 
  though personally i agree with you about the tea prep . 
  it 's very weak . 
  coffee was always the big thing prior to the 19th century . 
  it 's for more special occasions , and from what i understand is seen as somewhat of an intellectual drink . 
  tea became big in the 19th century because it was cheap to grow . 
  and it 's basically drunk like water throughout the day . 
  they prepare it with a samovar type thing . 
  but imo , it 's nowhere near as good as the stuff you 'll get in azerbaijan , east frisia , ireland , etc. 
  most of the tea consumed in the states is iced tea . 
  partly because the south has a distinct sweet tea culture , and partly because it 's just really . 
  really . 
  really hot here . 
  though as most things do in the states , it depends on who you are ; if you come from a tea-drinking culture , you 'll probably still drink tea in that fashion . 
  myself included . 
  my personal favorite kind of tea is harney and son 's `` east frisian '' blend . 
  perfect for relaxing and energizing you at the same time . 
  and yeah , straight milk-drinking is probably a western/northern european thing . 
  nobody does that here . 
  ceylon is nice . 
  i prefer assam in the morning , but celyon for the rest of the day . 
  most americans are coffee people , but tea is skyrocketing in popularity over here , and nobody 's exactly sure why . 
  it is ? 
  please elaborate . 
  portugal was one of the first countries to get tea from china . 
  while places like england and the netherlands got it from an area of china that called it something similar to te/tee/tea . 
  the portugese got it from an area that called it `` cha '' . 
  it stuck . 
  not to mention that the soviets were n't wonderful to jews , either . 
  because if it 's one political entity , would they really be kings of their own countries ? 
  or would they be considered nobility in a larger organization ? 
  right . 
  but if the eu is federalized , i 'm assuming there would n't be an over-arching organization , or anything like that . 
  not commenting on whether it should be a thing or not , as i 'm not european . 
  but i do have one question : what happens to the royal families ? 
  do they keep their current positions ? 
  are they codified into one system ? 
  or are they completely abolished ? 
  and we 're gon na be the ones footing the bill for alabama and mississippi to be stupid . 
  we 're certainly not celebrating it . 
  my perspective as an american jewish person . 
  it 's not that jews should n't be allowed to live there , they should . 
  it 's that the israeli government is occupying territory that belongs to the pa , and are diverting resources from the local population to protect them and supply them . 
  that 's putting a strain on the local population . 
  and it 's that many ( not all , but the majority ) of these settlers are religious and hyper-nationalist extremists . 
  they believe that they should take jewish messianism into their own hands . 
  many of them attack palestinians for being palestinian , and indoctrinate their children to do the same , as do other religious fanatics . 
  the problem is n't that they live there , necessarily . 
  the problem is that they 're settlers , not immigrants . 
  i 'm not opposed to the existence of a state of israel , but i am opposed to one which disregards the u.n , and prevents the creation of a palestinian state . 
  we do n't like him . 
  over 70-75 percent of american jews voted for clinton . 
  considering how small we are of a minority . 
  there 's more people in general who voted for gary johnson than jews who voted trump . 
  to be fair , bavaria and the former csa would have had * very * different reasons for leaving . 
  there 'd be no reason to absolutely slaughter bavarians , while there was a definitely justified reason to do so to the southerners . 
  i 'm a jew . 
  i read it . 
  most of it was either boring , or your average hitler rant . 
  his position on states rights was interesting , and somewhat similar to the u.s today . 
  well , shit . 
  my bad . 
  i thought he was irreligious . 
  that being said , where i live ( new york ) . 
  nobody i 've met really cares whether one believes or not . 
  that 's not really the case anymore . 
  nobody outside of dumbfuckistan ( read , everything south of virginia up to texas , excluding the cities . 
  montana , idaho , and wyoming also count , but there 's not enough people for them to matter . ), 
  nobody really cares . 
  that 's not why he lost , though . 
  . . okay ? 
  is this a big deal ? 
  careful now , you might cut yourself on all that edge . 
  not to mention decent healthcare services , education , etc. 
  actually , yes , yes i have . 
  but that 's besides the point . 
  a cultural one as well . 
  please , please do not imitate our fuckups . 
  signed , somebody who lives with this shit . 
  we do n't really use the word expat here , actually . 
  you can find chaotic neutral and chaotic good in american supermarkets . 
  nope . 
  they were originally going to following their independence from russia . 
  but the guy who was chosen did n't really appear to have an interest in it , and so eventually republicanism won out . 
  i got raped as a kid by a friend . 
  i almost went down that route . 
  i believe there 's a difference .
