  just had some with hot sauce . 
  i just started , just got ta practice . 
  nine years ago i could n't speak french , but now i have a decent grasp of it . 
  ( apologies , do n't have the umlauts on my keyboard ), 
  hungarian on duolinguo , so i can talk to my grandfather in his first language . 
  french at university ... this final exam is gon na suck . 
  for those who like it , mayo is more of a sandwich thing . 
  i 'm not a fan of it . 
  reds apple ale exists, 
  i do n't like them . 
  normally i have a bigger breakfast , but i was going to a party that day . 
  on average it 'll be a roll and around six strips of turkey bacon . 
  much healthier than the regular kind , 25cals = one strip . 
  in three hours it 'll probably just be a croissant with some jam , and a vanilla latte . 
  i 'll be in ireland in a few weeks . 
  up for a rematch ? 
  i wore a mjolnir necklace for a time , and i 'm jewish . 
  this term applies to a large portion of jews as well , and i 'd say the majority of jews in america . 
  ( and israel but that 's different ), 
  my grandfather ( a romanian jew ) thinks of him quite highly . 
  when i was at his house one day , he was reading a newspaper and just randomly looks up and me and says `` the king is sick . '', 
  i was very confused for a few minutes until he explains it . 
  i like him now . 
  my grandfather came to america from romania via sweden ( the red cross dropped him there after bergen-belsen was liberated ) . 
  he was a pattern maker , and then moved on to working in a major clothing industry . 
  i guess individuals come with the skills they already had , and cooking is a skill that everyone has , or at least should have . 
  where i live , most of the bakeries and coffeehouses are run by koreans , the bodegas by pakistanis and puerto ricans , and the restaurants by chinese people . 
  i love new york . 
  technically , yes . 
  on my mother 's side ( so not legally ) i 'm what 's called a cohen , or a priest in judaism . 
  the vulcan salute was actually taken from a gesture the priest does during the priestly blessing . 
  if you go to a jewish cemetery and see a gravestone with two hands doing it , that person was a cohen . 
  on my dad 's side . 
  yes , but i do n't know it . 
  why not ? 
  i listen to a few swedish and german bands , and some french and israeli artists . 
  as well as a few singers in various celtic languages . 
  i took french for a decent while so i can understand some of it , but that 's it . 
  from nyc : we 're considering it about now . 
  i 'm jewish , so definitely to some extent communally , but not as much as you 'd think , and more towards europeans as a whole . 
  my grandfather ( who was in auschwitz , madjanek , and bergen-belsen ) holds a rightful grudge against the germans and the romanian ( he 's from halmi ) government , but he does n't have anything against individuals . 
  when he got a home health aid ( that was partially funded by the german government ) , his response was `` it 's about time . 
  i made clothes for the damn germans . '', 
  as for myself ? 
  nah , you 're alright . 
  as a community , european jews tend to dislike poles more than anyone else ; simply because the majority of european jews were polish , and many poles gladly fucked over their jewish neighbors . 
  i kind of want to claim my grandfather 's land in halmi , but that 's not going to happen . 
  best we can do is recognize what happened , take care of the remaining survivors , record their stories , do our best to preserve the remaining culture , and make sure it does n't happen again . 
  when i think `` russian tea '' i think smoky black tea . 
  i think the lemonade shit is more of a southern thing . 
  i 'm celebrating pesach ( passover ) , so while everyone is eating chocolate rabbits , i 'll have some chocolate covered matzah . 
  i 'm staying at a friends house in ireland in a month , and i 'll be staying with relatives when we go over to london . 
  i guess if i were to ever go to spain , i 'll pay a host family . 
  those are also standard american pancakes . 
  we would call the former a generic crepe . 
  though in my neck of the woods the word palacsinta would be understood . 
  why israelis ? 
  what do you think is a good alternative in that case ? 
  never been to spain , but i 'd be interested . 
  i was 95 kgs ( 210 lbs ) as a child . 
  i got bullied for it severely up until i was around 13 , and have developed an eating disorder which i still deal with to this day . 
  i lost 60 kilos over the course of a few years , and i 'm in relatively okay shape now . 
  i would never wish what i went through on anyone . 
  what do you mean by ` dutch holiday colony ' ? 
  you 've still got bermuda , anguilla , montserrat , etc. 
  cholent ( an ashkenazi-jewish dish , traditionally served on shabbat mornings ) 1 . 
  two cups beans ( any sort ) 3 . 
  one cup barley . 
  a bag of mini potatoes 5 . 
  a bag of mini carrots 6 . 
  a bag of pearl onions 7 . 
  two cloves of garlic 8 six eggs , nestled within the other ingredients . 
  one bottle of hard cider 10 . 
  enough chicken stock to fill the rest of the slow-cooker spices : 2tbsp paprika , 1 tbsp caraway , 1 tsp cinnamon , liberal salt and pepper . 
  step 1 . 
  layer all ingredients in the slow-cooker . 
  beans , onions , barley , meat , carrots , potatoes . 
  nestle in eggs . 
  add in stock and hard cider . 
  cook on low for 12 + hours , the longer the better . 
  stir once every hour but be careful not to break the eggs . 
  good to know . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  from what i know , pa german ( and the german that mennonites use in general ) is closer to the low german dialects , especially plattdeutch and hutterite german . 
  most speakers of pa german today are amish/mennonite , but prior to the 20th century there were speakers of other religions , typically called the `` fancy dutch '' . 
  the pennsylvania germans call it ` deitsch ' . 
  last time i was in that area , i tried chatting up a man in yiddish . 
  he somewhat understood me and responded in pa german , i kind of understood him . 
  yes , actually . 
  but not what you 're thinking . 
  i 'm in the minority of americans who feel more attachment to their state rather than the country . 
  i feel that the federal government is more of an obstacle to new york ( and the greater northeast ) than an asset , and that we would be better off independent . 
  the northeast ( traditionally a democratic region ) as a whole contributes more money to the federal government than it receives . 
  that being said , we have no real influence on how the government is run . 
  we 're swamped by states who-lets be honest-are economically , culturally , and financially backwards , who we subsidize with our tax money . 
  i believe that the northeast should consolidate it 's resources , reject america 's conservative culture , and form a unitary state . 
  we would be able to form a european-style welfare state , with american optimism , and northeastern ingenuity . 
  german-speaking countries , czechia , poland , and hungary . 
  i will !, 
  much , much more complicated than that .
