the mordern west does n't war with itself ... we war with poor middle eastern countries ... 
  it would be terrible for the west , especially england to declare war on scotland . 
  we might as well go back to the 1600s, 
  i was under the impression that spain is a single country ? 
  not a collection of countries with an overarching government ? 
  scotland , wales and northern ireland are completely individual countries and always have been , they have their own parliaments , but england overrules them ( although scotland has way more powers now ) because we basically won the wars . 
  nice . 
  is it expensive ? 
  might take a look at san diego instead :d, 
   how to run the country we have n't managed to do it in the last 50 years ... so i highly doubt we will in the next 50 . 
  yea i really want to visit san diego . 
  its on my list , it seems like a really happening city . 
  comic-con and a huge street fighter following ( assuming your into that ) . 
  it got a really tech/gamer feel to it from the outside . 
  no idea if that is the case internally though lol . 
  yea ... 
  i 've been drinking pretty heavily as you can imagine xd so my words might not be completely ... coherent . 
  haha . 
  watching bbc now argue that we wont leave for years and years anyway haha . 
  if i may ask , where are you based ? 
  do you live on the west coast ? 
  i was n't a huge fan of san fran when i visited ... 
  so many homeless people everywhere man ... for such a rich city it was really strange . 
  almost got robbed as well in a jack n box ( omfg the curly friess ... ), 
   low to medium income if you look at the vote map for the uk , basically london voted and all the north and large poorer areas voted to leave ... 
  i find it hilarious they think they 're going to be better off . 
  it really is a `` took our jobs '' moment ... 
  yea , i have friends that come from virginia that i 'm starting the company with , so i expect we 'll go down to texas and scout it out . 
  i personally would love to move seattle xd . 
  i was reading that germany was looking at merkel being out next election and right wing taking up the mantel ?? 
  which would in turn call for a referendum ? 
  feel like someone lied to me lolol . 
  true ... will they give tax incentives to games companies ? 
  might try poland ... cd projekt is based there . 
  why 's that ? 
  i 've only been to orlando , washington and san francisco at the moment . 
  i 'm planning to visit san diego next year . 
  well i do n't see it as `` migration '' because they 're refugees right ? 
  they 'll go home eventually , once the us and europe decided to actually sort syria out lol . 
  i just feel like . . now that i 'm a british citizen ... 
  i ca n't look any of my european friends in the face anymore ... like it 's a huge betrayal . 
  one that i did n't want . 
  the issue now is , i 've been hearing that austria and germany looks like they might try get a referendum to leave as well , and were waiting for us to vote leave . 
  i feel the eu is on borrowed time . 
  i was looking at austin texas , as i 'm starting a game development company  austin is an up and coming tech hub , and it 's cheap as fuck . 
  yep . 
  i 'm moving . 
  that 's my answer . 
  i was planning to move to the us or somewhere like brussels anyway , this just accelerated my time table more than i wanted . 
  yea , it will become second at 19t , us is 20t ... eitherway the next biggest is china i think at like 9t lol . 
  so yea ... it 's a pretty big deal man . 
  that said it 's possible if we leave the eu will break up , and we 'll suffer even more once none of them can afford anything lol . 
  thank you ... 
  i 'm 4 glasses of wine in ... it 's nearly 6am . 
  and just fuck it all . 
  this made me laugh . 
  god fucking damn my idiotic countrymen ... god damn my idiotic politicians ... and god damn the eu for not being a proper open democracy ... sigh ... sometimes life really is just a cunt fest . 
  yes it is . 
  we 're 2-3t . 
  well the `` southern '' countries are useless entries regardless . 
  we should have pushed for them to be removed , especially greece . 
  the eu wont go out of it 's way to `` punish '' us , that 's not how politics works . 
  they 'll just not help us , and not give us access to the free market . 
  that will be punishment enough ... considering the eu is our largest exporter at like 55 %, 
  why does that matter ? 
  patriotism is idiotic in my opinion . 
  i 'd rather watch the world burn , than have it limp along like a lame dog , whilst we get left behind in the dust . 
  we ca n't get a trade agreement . 
  to join the free market requires us to accept freedom of movement . 
  norway and switerzland had to swallow the same shit . 
  as it seems 16m people in this country do n't want europeans in our country , we ca n't accept that kind of deal . . therefore , no trade agreement . 
  we might be able to deal with china ... but eu is 20t economy china is like 8t ... so yea lol . 
  i just do n't see any positives out of this . 
  i considered for a long time , i was on the fence for quite some time , talking it out with a lot of leave people . 
  unfortunately they all had completely idiotic arguments , like `` immigration ! '', 
  `` taking our jobs '' `` we have no say on laws ! '', 
  which are all dumb beyond belief . 
  so yea , i researched and looked at what experts were saying ... most said stay . 
  nothing really spoke to me about leaving , and everything i found about the positives of leaving , always boiled down to basically hearsay and nonsense . 
  of course ... expect no . 
  they can hold a referendum , laugh at us as we say no . 
  then join the eu anyway ... what can we do ? 
  go to war with scotland ? 
  lol in the 21st century ... 
  why ? 
  because fuck britain m8 . 
  we think we 're the fucking bollox because 200 years ago we owned 1/4 of the world ... big fucking deal . 
  now we 're basically the corrupt capital for the rich , and have zero power on any world stage . 
  the us , russia , china , now brazil and soon india ... will just completely ignore us . 
  the eu which is the largest economy in the world at 21t , will laugh at us ( well now 19t i guess with us gone ) . 
  so yea ... some people m8 , just want to watch the world burn . 
  i 'm confused ... politics is all about pettiness ? 
  it 's basically `` our land is better '' mentality . 
  that 's why people are voting to leave after all ... `` we 're british !!, 
  sovereignty , herp derp '' . 
  idiots . 
  borders and countries are fucking pointless ... we 're all humans ffs . 
  earth is our home , its the 21st century , get over this shit . 
  lol but has n't sanders already said he 's giving up support for hillary ?? 
  sanders was kinda the only good option i saw our of the political pool .
