  that is , assuming you 're not a fantasist with a weird chip on your shoulder regarding the uk , who spends suspiciously too long on reddit for a supposed big-shot currency and property trader . 
  though , it 's interesting to find out you apparently have yet another string to your bow , in professional recruitment . 
   is n't scotland likely to leave and northern ireland likely to try if the uk leaves the eu ? 
  ireland is also way colder than the uk , if this is true , which is surprising . 
  it 's a rare summer in the uk where temperatures do n't approach 35c at least once . 
  yeah , i spent two summers in bologna where the temperature hit 41c and the humidity was in the 80-90 % range . 
  talk about a nightmare . 
   the journalism after brexit is beginning to get even worse than before . 
  and morons in this subreddit upvote everything that reinforces their existing prejudices . 
  there 's literally nothing contained in the article that supports the headline . 
  the original house of cards was all about conservative party infighting and backstabbing . 
  actually this is n't clear , and it is possible that the prime minister can trigger article 50 without needing legislation . 
  [ see here ] ( https://publiclawforeveryone.com/2016/06/30/brexit-on-why-as-a-matter-of-law-triggering-article-50-does-not-require-parliament-to-legislate/ ) . 
  they 're still ahead in the polls . 
  no matter how bad the tories are , labour seem capable of being even worse . 
  today a jewish labour mp left a meeting in tears due to being reportedly abused by a member of momentum , the corbynite pressure group . 
  the purpose of the meeting ? 
  [ to release labour 's antisemitism report ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/labour-antisemitism-jeremy-corbyn-ruth-smeeth-jewish-mp-accused-of-colluding-with-media-a7111061.html ) . 
  carney stated that the bank was ready to inject # 250 billion , not that it had . 
  the bank of england injected absolutely nothing . 
  they said they had # 250 billion ready as a contingency to calm the markets . 
  it was always a question of when not if , for scotland , or rather the snp . 
  the snp were merely delaying holding a second referendum , suckling from the english taxpayer 's teat a little longer , waiting for oil prices to recover and the eurozone to stop being a disaster so that they could have another crack at it . 
  ironically , the uk leaving the eu ( which contrary to the snp 's claims is not `` england dragging scotland out '' , as the referendum was not an fptp election but rather one man one vote whose result would have been reversed had scottish and northern irish voters not voted to leave ) has forced the snp to consider a second referendum at possibly the most inopportune time : oil is severely depressed , their existence is being heavily subsidised by the english , they still have no viable currency plan , and the eurozone crisis appears to have gotten even worse , with northern european nations like finland starting to feel the effects . 
  it 's certainly not guaranteed that they can win any new referendum . 
  unfortunately . 
  you seem a little too personally invested . 
  `` rude '' and `` arrogant '' are words suitable for describing interactions between individuals , not international relations . 
  it will also be interesting to see which country becomes the new scapegoat to explain the lack of progress toward a federated superstate that many in this subreddit want , because my guess is that the eu will be no closer to becoming a superstate in ten years time than it is today , despite the uk leaving . 
  indeed , joining the eu , and remaining in it , was the correct decision at the time given the state of the british economy . 
  there is of course the av referendum which , in hindsight , was a dog 's dinner of a voting system that would have killed off any further voting reform for a generation if enacted . 
  the scots also dodged a bullet with their independence referendum given the subsequent oil crash . 
  electing blair was the correct choice in 1997 , and getting rid of a tired new labour in favour of the coalition was also the correct decision , etc. 
  nah , we seem to have a weird ability , in hindsight , to make the correct decision in referenda and elections , even if it does n't seem that way at the time . 
   it is also strongly questionalble if the uk parliament will even vote leave . 
  many do n't seem to be aware of the fact , that they are not bound to the referendum 's decision . 
  why does this get brought up in every thread on this subject , as if it 's some `` gotcha '' revelation that nobody is aware of ? 
  parliament is sovereign , and it can do whatever the hell it likes . 
  of course the referendum is not binding on parliament , as that 's the nature of the british constitution . 
  but , along with the idea of parliamentary sovereignty , there 's also all sorts of uncodified conventions and practices , that in practice are every bit a part of our constitution as the idea of parliamentary sovereignty , that means that it 's absolutely absurd to assume that this referendum is not essentially binding on parliament . 
   ca n't remember anything global politics related issues with a strong demanding voice spoken from the uk . 
  single market in services , single market in digital goods , the breakup of the backroom dealing favoured by the french and germans within the eu in favour of ( ironically ) a greater focus on the parliament , etc. 
   or , he meant that since this was their project in the beginning it is now their responsibility to reform it . 
  why ? 
  the founding nations have absolutely no special status , other than in the minds of politicians from those countries , in the eu . 
  having six western european nations , especially when one of those six includes luxembourg , `` lead reform '' which is essentially code word for `` let us dictate the shape of the proposed reforms '' , when the centre of gravity in the eu has now shifted south and eastwards is absurd and just epitomises why so many people are pissed off with the organisation . 
  `` the organisation seems completely out of touch and needs reform '' , so let 's invite a tiny fraction of the bloc 's member states to lead the reform . 
  the us removing themselves from nato would mark the beginning of the end for american hegemony . 
  my prediction : nothing major in the constitutional sense . 
  the northern irish result is , i think , much closer than predicted , and seems to have split the province along sectarian lines . 
  what may happen is that the northern irish are allowed to keep an open border with the republic , but passport and immigration checks may be put in place between ireland and northern ireland on the one hand and mainland britain on the other , depending on the terms of any british exit from the eu . 
  further , if northern ireland were to leave the uk , i think becoming independent rather than opening a can of worms and trying to unify with the republic of ireland is more likely , given the massive risks of unionist terrorism flaring up in that case . 
  given northern ireland is a basket case that would not manage without massive subsidies , the chances of this happening are virtually zero . 
  cameron promised a referendum because of the steady rise of ukip . 
  he made a calculated decision that holding one now , rather than waiting for ukip to get even more popular than they were before finally forcing a referendum on their terms , would give the pro-remain camp in the uk the best chance of winning . 
  ultimately , he calculated incorrectly , but i 'm getting pretty sick of idiots in this subreddit trying to pretend the only reason cameron held a referendum was out of cowardice . 
  he held a referendum because an insurgent party , outflanking him on the right , were pushing for one , and therefore his party responded . 
  that 's not cowardice . 
  that 's democracy working as intended . 
  great suggestion . 
  the zloty is an economic belwether * par excellence * . 
  it 's also dropping like a stone . 
  euro is dropping too . 
  one of the more surprising aspects of this referendum campaign , for me , is the realisation that there apparently exists large groups of people who find john oliver funny . 
  his two major newspapers have a combined circulation of around 2.1 million copies , out of around 9 million newspapers sold daily in the uk , if you count only those that had a circulation above 100,000 in 2012 which misses many e.g. 
  regional newspapers . 
  so again , nowhere even close to being `` half '' . 
  for reference : his times newspaper , the second of his two major newspapers , is the 9th most distributed newspaper in the country ( it 's also one of the few newspapers , above , with a relatively constrained front page ) . 
   most of them are rupert murdoch 's property . 
  are n't they ? 
  and by `` half '' , you mean the sun and the times . 
  they print promissory notes that requires they deposit sterling with the bank of england , which is the central bank for the united kingdom , and which actually issues money . 
  at one point all sorts of private banks did this in the uk , but only certain scottish and northern irish retail banks have retained the ability , because everybody else in the country realised having about fifty different designs for # 5 notes was fucking moronic . 
  the bank of scotland is a retail bank ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  the only people who would benefit from a collapse in the union , which these days only serves to ship masses of english money out to the celtic fringe , are the english . 
  the scots , welsh , and northern irish would all be poorer if the gravy train came to an end . 
  personally i would n't see northern ireland or scotland leaving as a `` price to pay '' of a brexit , but an advantage . 
  it 's already been noted that an awful lot of leave campaigning is being driven by thinly-disguised english nationalism , as the english slowly wake up to the fact that e.g. 
  they have the least public spending spent on them out of any of the home nations , and use the referendum as a means of asserting themselves . 
  seeing as the remain side see corbyn 's honesty regarding eu immigration law as an out-and-out disaster , and would rather not talk about it , i think both sides are not to keen to talk about the legal and technical aspects of eu membership . 
  the repeated use of the # 350 million figure has clearly been a pretty good ( read : amazingly dirty ) campaigning tactic from the point of view of leave . 
  it keeps the remain campaign on the backfoot , forcing them to debunk the figure over and over again , and stopping them from setting the agenda of the debate and changing subject . 
  further , the terms of what exactly we pay into the eu , who controls what spending , and so on , are murky enough that the leave campaign can muddy the waters and make it seem that remain are also not being completely truthful when correcting the figure . 
  it also forces remain to say that the correct figure is `` only '' # 200 million , rather than # 350 million , which either way is a large enough number that even with the correction the public understands we 're paying a lot into the eu , and by forcing the remain campaign to say it 's `` only '' # 200 million , the public gets the impression that the remain campaign is profligate . 
  it 's exactly the same tactic trump is using in the us with his overinflated claims of his net worth . 
  no , but it makes irrelevant any promises that cameron has made to `` opt-out '' of any european army . 
   cameron said earlier the uk has an opt-out an eu army so you can count them out . 
  cameron is not going to be the prime minister of the uk this time next week . 
  comedians want it both ways . 
  they want to use their position as cultural figures as a pulpit to push their views , but whenever called on any inaccuracies or other problems with those views , they retreat , claiming to `` just '' be comedians whose opinions ca n't be taken seriously . 
  i swear to god the word populism has lost any meaning in this subreddit . 
   there is nothing optimistic about begging to be accepted back in after a potential brexit . 
  nobody is going to beg to come back you lunatic . 
  i 'm not sure how that really relates to anything said previously in this thread , but thanks for sharing . 
   if i was germany the first thing i 'd do is bring the hammer down to show what happens when someone leaves . 
  you 've just summed up in one sentence why so many in the uk want to leave . 
  it was in / r/london a few days ago . 
   only 5 % of the money actually went to greeks . 
  95 % directly went to financial institutions and countries .
