  thor 's oak near hesse was cut down by st. boniface , an anglo-saxon missionary , and the wood was used to build a christian church . 
  further , charlemagne mostly used anglo saxon missionaries during the saxon wars to convert saxony in present-day germany to christianity , and so on . 
  stole binge drinking from ireland ? 
  i think you need to look up the gin riots . 
  the british are quite adept at drinking themselves into an early grave without irish help . 
  a swede insulting british food !, 
  do n't you have to go and dig up your fish dinner ? 
  i also do n't believe for one second that estonia can offer the same variety of jobs that the likes of e.g. 
  germany , the uk , france , spain , can . 
   it 's not only eastern europe , but rather everywhere outside of the u.s. netflix in the uk is pretty good . 
  the problem is n't getting a phd , it 's the years of postdocing after graduation on temporary contracts waiting for a permanent job to open up , and then competing against the hundreds of other people who are doing the same thing , to secure it . 
  as a junior academic , to secure a permanent role , you are now expected to have : a ) a large list of well-cited publications in leading conferences or journals , b ) extensive teaching and project supervision experience , c ) a history of obtaining grants or other funding , d ) experience serving on programme committees of conferences in your field , refereeing experience , and so on , and perhaps most importantly , f ) be working in a fashionable field , or one that looks set to become fashionable in the near future . 
  the process would n't be * quite * so infuriating if it was n't acutely obvious that many established academics sitting in judgment of their more junior counterparts waltzed into permanent roles after graduating with a phd 30 or 40 years ago . 
  further , a recent trend in academic recruitment in the uk is the notion of a five year `` fellowship '' , basically a poorly disguised end-run around the research assessment exercise where a university department poaches a bunch of junior academics with strong publication records and puts them on a temporary contract with the promise of a permanent job at the end of the contract 's term , to boost the apparent strength of the department , instead of cultivating talent themselves or hiring permanent staff . 
  these jobs are incredibly unstable , as you can be fired at the end of the five years for not obtaining some arbitrary threshold , and their pay does not in any way reflect the massive risk the junior academic is taking on in assuming the role ( rather , it 's implied the `` prestige '' of obtaining yet another temporary contract should be sufficient compensation !, 
  americans have , on average , more disposable income than almost every european country barring norway , luxembourg and switzerland . 
  [ cite ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/disposable-income-infographic-2015-3?r=us&amp;ir=t ) . 
  even if they are paying for private health insurance ( often it 's your company that does that anyway ) , it 's pretty widely known to anybody with any technical or uncommon skill that you 'll be paid twice as much in the us as you would be in the uk for your labour . 
   this is significantly more than the average uk wage . 
  as i understand it , # 35,000 is the point at which you change from being a net receiver of benefits to being revenue neutral . 
  it 's poland 's turn . 
  we 've had the obsession with russia , with germany , with the uk , with hungary , with greece . 
  it 's only fair poland take some of the heat . 
  until 2010 police in scotland had six hours to question a subject without a lawyer present !, 
  pretty amazing to anybody living in england where the right to a solicitor had been seen as fundamental for a long time . 
  why ? 
  the flooding is from run off from the hills , not from storm surges . 
  it 's a completely different situation to what happens in the netherlands . 
  the bit you quoted is completely unsourced ? 
  you also managed to ignore the bulk of the article which more or less agrees with what i said , as do [ dictionaries ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/little-englander ) that say nothing about racists . 
  do you actually know what little englander means , because the way people throw the phrase around , like you here , seems to suggest the contrary ? 
  in its time it meant somebody who was opposed to further expansion of the british empire , to defending colonies like canada that placed tariffs on british goods , and somebody who was in favour of increased liberalisation of trade . 
  the phrase does n't mean `` racist '' or anything similar . 
  the uk tax office also just posts out a rebate to you if you 've paid too much tax over the last year . 
  a german friend who i was visiting a few weeks ago thought that was one of the most shocking things about living in the uk compared to germany , as it would never happen there !, 
  in the uk , cameron initiated a review on antimicrobial resistance in july ( [ see here ] ( http://amr-review.org/ ) ) . 
  the review is due to be published next year with its recommendations . 
  some [ initial recommendations ] ( http://amr-review.org/sites/default/files/securing%20new%20drugs%20for%20future%20generations%20final%20web_0.pdf ) have focussed on making the market for antibiotics more predictable , and setting up a global innovation fund for antibiotic innovation , and the review team has already published a list of [ five initial steps ] ( http://amr-review.org/sites/default/files/report-52.15.pdf ) we could be doing to reduce the problem , including [ much tighter controls on antibiotic use in farming ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-health-antibiotics-livestock-idukkbn0tr01w20151208 ) . 
  backbenchers drive government policy all the time . 
  i 'm always amazed how many on this sub try to pass themselves off as experts in british politics whilst not having the first clue about it . 
  i chose france . 
  germany and italy were close contenders . 
  continuation of the weird estonia circlejerk . 
  you do n't understand . 
  the posters of / r/europe have come to a decision . 
  in weighing up the probabilities of what could have happened in this trial in their minds , the big brains of / r/europe settled on the idea that a jury consisting of 12 functioning adult members of society * literally * believed that this man fell on top of a woman and accidentally penetrated her is the most likely reason as to why he was acquitted . 
  the idea that there 's a possibility that the media are only reporting a small fraction of a lengthy legal case , or that his defence consisted of something more than `` i fell '' , has been discarded as having diminishingly small probability . 
  / r/europe has spoken and announced that the judge , jury , qcs , and defendant are all guilty and deserving of a death sentence , and the british legal system needs tearing up and redesigning . 
  * do n't fight it !, 
  obligatory warning that there 's a lot more to a typical criminal defence than what the newspapers ( in this case , the report is secondhand from the daily mail ) typically pick up . 
  scotland and ireland both remaining in the eu would be the best possible outcome for the rest of the uk , if it were to come to that . 
  i 'm not sure why this subreddit is so enamoured with the prospect of an independent scotland inside the eu . 
  they 'd be every bit as veto happy as the uk currently is , especially on issues like banking regulation where scotland has a proportionally larger industry than the uk itself does , and there 'd be absolutely no way in hell the rest of the uk would not come out of the split with a favourable trade deal seeing as both scotland and ireland have large fractions of their economy tied to the uk 's . 
  if there 's a chemical or biological attack on russia i can see them using one . 
   is the island 's perilous present britain 's bleak future ? 
  there was a channel 4 mini-series touching on this idea somewhat called the devil 's whore , starring dominic west as cromwell and peter capaldi as charles i. 
  the infighting amongst the parliamentarians is covered a bit , and the various political and religious groups , like the levellers , who were around at the time also feature . 
  but yeah , i think this period would be good for a longer tv series to cover !, 
  do n't forget armenia to the south east . 
  a firm is about to start [ weaving cotton in manchester ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-manchester-34984504 ) for the first time in decades due to demand for british fabrics . 
  you 're right , it 's not correct , as i was working from memory . 
  having said that , though not as bad as i implied , i was fairly close ( [ from the copenhagen post ] ( http://cphpost.dk/news14/national-news14/minority-paying-to-support-majority-as-employment-level-plummets.html ) ) :  the number of councils with a majority of residents in work has fallen drastically in the past four years , according to study by the municipal policy research group kora . 
   the kora study found that only three of denmark 's 98 councils currently have a majority of employed residents . 
  this is a significant reduction from 2009 , when 59 councils could boast that a majority of their residents were in work . 
  do n't they have masses of people on disability benefits skewing those numbers though ? 
  i read that there 's only one region in the country where over 50 % of working age adults are in work . 
  in westminster , mps are asked whether they agree with a motion or not by the speaker , and call out one way or the other . 
  if the speaker can not tell clearly whether the vote is accepted or rejected , mps are asked to physically separate in `` division lobbies '' , one for the `` aye '' and another for the `` no '' , and are counted . 
  a `` division bell '' rings in the palace of westminster to indicate a division is being called after which they have eight minutes to get to the lobbies before the doors are locked . 
  it seems to have spread everywhere though now . 
  i 've seen bridges in verona covered with padlocks too , and other european cities . 
  there 's also cambridge ( market square from above ) and a village near cirencester in the cotswolds whose name i ca n't remember ( black and white photo of a row of stone houses ) -- possibly bourton on the water ? 
  eta : it 's bibury , not bourton on the water . 
   and the parliament is not part of the government right ? 
  [ these ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/mps-lords-and-offices/government-and-opposition1/her-majestys-government/ ) are the members of the current british government . 
  the vast majority of mps are not members of the government . 
  it has the same connotation in english as it does in spanish . 
   the gchq bandits just ran a train on all of you to avoid being neutered by the formation of a european central intelligence agency . 
  and judging from her post referendum statement , her majesty wanted this . 
  the hra incorporates the echr into british law , and means it 's possible for british courts to rule on whether there 's been a breach of european human rights law , as opposed to having to appeal directly to the strasbourg court . 
  a poster in / r/ukpolitics described britons reading / r/europe 's discussions of british politics as being akin to listening to bach being played with a sledgehammer . 
  ireland engages in beggar-thy-neighbour tactics : instead of the irish starting their own companies they attract established companies from elsewhere to set up sham headquarters in the country . 
  the [ list of top 1000 `` irish '' companies ] ( http://www.top1000.ie/companies ) is an absolute disgrace : the vast majority at the top of the list are companies started in the uk , us , or elsewhere that now have `` administrative '' or `` corporate '' offices in ireland , with operational offices elsewhere ( read : where the real work , the actual wealth and ip generation , is actually being done ) -- just start searching wikipedia for some names on that list , see where they were set up , by whom , and where the majority of their business is carried out , to see the full scale of this farce . 
  in other words : countries whose populations actually innovate , generate new inventions , make new discoveries , and take risks in starting new business ventures are effectively punished by countries like ireland and luxembourg that leach successful businesses away with sweetheart tax deals . 
  dublin , easily . 
  one of the most boring cities i 've visited , and definitely the most boring when compared to its outsize reputation as a tourist destination . 
  no , and in fact the graph in the article merely shows that osborne 's changes to sdlt are having the desired effect -- a slowdown in the purchasing of second homes which is causing major distortions in the british housing market . 
  the graph in the article quite clearly shows that the decrease in sales has nothing to do with brexit as sales started dropping in april of this year . 
  what change occurred in april ? 
  stamp duty land tax was increased on buyers of second homes in an effort to bring the buy to let property market to heel , with buy to let or holiday homes [ incurring a 3 % surcharge over the standard rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stamp_duty_in_the_united_kingdom ) , effective as of 1st april 2016 . 
  further , look at when the changes to sdlt were announced : in the autumn 2014 statement by osborne . 
  when did sales suddenly start surging ? 
  some point between january 2014 and april 2015 . 
  in other words : everybody was rushing trying to sell their house before the changes to sdlt came in , and now that the new regime is in effect , sales volume is decreasing . 
  in many legal jurisdictions pension funds have requirements that they hold a certain percentage of government bonds in order to ensure that they 're properly diversified . 
  further , it may also be a sign that investors see the global economic outlook as being negative , in which case they surmise that taking a small hit with government bonds is better than taking a much larger hit elsewhere . 
   fuck that , i 'm getting linkedin requested everyday for engineers from the uk , was n't happening before june 23 . 
  it feels like only the beginning of the story . 
  / u/collectiveindividual : / r/europe 's own walter mitty . 
  with the amount of property you were supposedly going to hoover up in the uk with the drop in value of the pound , and all the currency speculation that you 've been talking about recently , i 'm surprised you have any need to work , or indeed bother having a linkedin profile .
