it 's a bank holiday in england this monday . 
  it 's best to just ignore anything he posts in this subreddit . 
  he has an unenviable record of never producing a post worth reading . 
  obama 's intervention is going as well as i thought it would do . 
   besides are n't you worried that if you leave the eu , you will not be the uk anymore but simply england + wales ? 
  no , losing scotland and northern ireland would actually be a massive boon for the english . 
  i think most people in the uk wonder why students need a union at all . 
  certainly as a student at a university that was not affiliated with the nus , it was never clear to me how my student experience differed any from other students who were attending affiliated universities . 
  if we could find e.g. 
  satisfying assignments to boolean formulae in linear , or nearly linear time , ( i.e. 
  we lived in [ impagliazzo 's * algorithmica * ] ( http://www.cs.ucsd.edu/users/russell/average.ps ) ) , our entire existence would change . 
  it would be the single most disruptive discovery in the history of mankind , by some distance . 
  the failure of public key cryptography would be a minor footnote . 
  in a sense , human creativity would become completely irrelevant , as machines could outperform us on any creative task , including mathematics itself . 
  public key cryptography does not rely on the integer factorisation problem being intractable . 
  it just relies on the existence of * some * computationally intractable problem , and in past years integer factorisation was taken to be that intractable problem , e.g. 
  in rsa . 
  in particular , the security of elliptical curve cryptography rests on the intractability of finding the discrete logarithm of an elliptical curve with respect to a known base point . 
  further , we know of key exchange mechanisms based on elliptical curves which are not susceptible to quantum-computing based attacks using e.g. 
  there 's lots of posters on this subreddit who fancy themselves as experts on british politics but who know next to nothing about the subject in reality . 
  whether it 's the fact that british politics is more accessible due to the english reporting , or some other reason , i do n't know , but the longer you stay here the more noticeable it becomes . 
  an average lead of two points this far from the polling date is a disaster for the remain campaign . 
  leave have been consistently narrowing the remain campaign 's lead over the last few months , and when you weight by likelihood to vote , the leave campaign have now got a consistent 2 or 3 point lead in the latest polls , which seems to be growing wider . 
  further , remain have no momentum whatsoever , stumble from gaffe to gaffe , with no indication that they 're suddenly going to spring to life to clinch a victory . 
  [ wigan slappy ] ( http://www.foodsofengland.co.uk/wiganslappy.htm ), 
   tin foil hat , tin foil hat . 
  where is my tin foil hat !, 
  indeed , claiming that the uk government is leveraging its extensive diplomatic contacts to try to win a referendum campaign it seems increasingly likely to lose is obviously in the same category as claims that dakotan farmers are regularly probed by visiting extraterrestrials , the british royal family are lizard people , and the illuminati are controlling all aspects of modern civilisation . 
  how terribly stupid of me . 
  shrug . 
  we 're going to have to agree to disagree . 
  i think the number of british people who will welcome an interjection on this topic from the us president is vanishingly small , and the move will backfire , just like it did when obama expressed an opinion on the scottish independence referendum . 
  you can not be this naive . 
  there will be a planted question intended to act as an outlet for him to express his opinion on the matter . 
  this entire thing is being orchestrated by the remain camp . 
  the president of the us wo n't just barge into a debate as incredibly sensitive as this without the approval ( or bidding ) of the british government . 
  nobody disputes they 're within their right to have an opinion ; they just have to accept the consequences associated with expressing it . 
  it 's pretty clear that there 's a vein of anti-establishmentarianism in the leave camp . 
  asking literally * the * most powerful man in the world to join the choir of businessmen , representatives of other governments , eu politicians , and other establishment figures , in trying to stem that tide is perhaps the most stupid move the remain camp could make . 
   the uk closest ally and most important partner offering its friendly opinion carries no weight ? 
  for a start , it 's plainly not a `` friendly opinion '' . 
  the us government wants the uk to remain in the eu for the benefit of the us , not the uk -- as quite obviously the us government 's main concern is the american national interest , not the british one . 
  the newspapers will have a field day if obama does actually offer an opinion , especially if that opinion can in anyway be interpreted as `` talking the uk down '' . 
   what does , in that case ? 
  external meddling in a matter that many feel is a purely british decision is always going to be controversial . 
  we saw the same effects in the scottish independence referendum where the us government also saw fit to offer its opinion on the matter . 
  there is no possible way that a us president getting publicly involved in this issue will be good for the remain side . 
  remain ( and let 's be honest , a us president would n't offer `` candid views '' on this matter without the consent , or even urging , of the uk prime minister ) seem completely tone deaf , and seem intent on losing this referendum . 
  a ) there 's no such thing as `` uk libel law '' , b ) the law on libel and defamation in england and wales has changed since that case . 
  there is no stigma associated with a business going bankrupt in the uk . 
  repeated polling on this subject has consistently shown that sweden , denmark , and the czech republic all are more than , or nearly as euroskeptic as the uk . 
  looking around northern europe , we have iceland outside the eu , norway outside the eu , the uk , sweden and denmark incredibly euroskeptic , and the op 's country now has a euroskeptic party as its most popular party , and just this last week voted no in a referendum many interpret as a poke in the eye for the eu . 
  the entirety of northern europe , barring ireland which receives masses of eu money annually , and has done every year bar a couple since it entered the organisation , and finland are euroskeptic . 
  i think a better question is why the finnish are so out of whack with their northern european compatriots . 
  the effects of the uk adopting the euro on business success in europe are absolutely , utterly dwarfed by the lack of a comprehensive single market in digital goods and services , which is what your government has been blocking for years . 
  nice try , though . 
  it 's germany that 's the obstacle here , as in many things in the eu , not britain . 
  as for this :  talking about a single market , but only for uk companies accessing other countries markets . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  if there 's a single market then * any * company from any country in the bloc can make use of it , not just those from the uk . 
   you have the british government vetoing anything that would make the market more open , what on earth are you talking about ? 
  we 've been pushing for a single market in services and digital goods for years and it 's ** your ** government that 's been the hold up . 
  the uk and ireland have opt-outs and are incredibly unlikely to impose these requirements on north american tourists . 
  it would be very good for the british and irish tourist sectors if the rest of the eu were to do something as stupid as this . 
  related : a 42 year old teacher living in cheddar , somerset , [ was found to be a direct descendent of cheddar man ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/the-family-link-that-reaches-back-300-generations-to-a-cheddar-cave-1271542.html ) , the oldest prehistoric skeleton ever found in britain . 
  cheddar man died around 7150 bc , around 1000 years before farming became established in britain . 
  hardly anybody in the uk gives a crap about a positive eu vision , and that 's why the remain side is struggling . 
  the eu was sold to the british primarily as a means of facilitating trade . 
  remain are therefore stuck trying to claim the uk economy will implode without the eu which is , frankly , not believable . 
  we have a completely different relationship to the eu from continental europe , and it 's pretty strange how posters in this subreddit do n't seem to have internalised that fact , given the extraordinary number of times the subject has been discussed . 
  6 hours after posting and only 10 comments ? 
  where are all the posters who had strong moral objections to spying when the uk and us were revealed to be doing it ? 
  as far as i know it 's not mandatory in the uk . 
  there 's liability insurance for when you are driving , and various insurances required for home ownership as a condition for getting a mortgage , but there 's no general `` liability '' insurance necessary in case you e.g. 
  accidentally get a cycle wheel stuck in a tram track and get sued by injured passengers , or somebody slips on your driveway at 6am in the morning . 
  further , why would the person who got a cycle wheel stuck in a tram track be liable in this instance anyway ? 
  if tram tracks are so badly designed that you can get a wheel stuck in them so that it causes a danger to tram passengers then either the tram is moving too quickly to adequately stop safely when moving through a place where pedestrians are likely to cross the tracks , or the tracks are so badly designed that they cause a danger to pedestrians . 
  what if somebody had got their foot stuck in it ? 
  either way , from the description given it sounds like liability rests with the tram company . 
  um , i 'm pretty sure there 's a mix of french people in london . 
  they 're not all wealthy bankers working in the city . 
  indeed , if europe started spending more , why would europe be happy with the us effectively setting the foreign policy of the entire west ? 
  america 's huge military spending is the price it must pay to maintain its status as hegemon . 
  it 's a price britain had to pay back when we were hegemon too . 
  one ? 
  there was the jewish museum atrocity last year , an attempted attack on a train , the paris attacks with links to belgium , and now this . 
  a year ago this subreddit erupted in a rage when it was revealed gchq were tapping belgian phones . 
  now we know why . 
  we have a serpent 's nest at the centre of europe with a government incapable of handling the problem . 
  passports being shown in synagogues in belgium ? 
  all european synagogues must have the same policy and european jews all think the same -- american media . 
  what exactly is it that they are measuring that they can apparently ascertain to three decimal places of accuracy ? 
  remember last year when this subreddit was apoplectic that the british had tapped into belgian telecom ? 
  lol, 
  are n't britain and france moving towards that anyway ? 
  for example , a french [ brigadier general will take control of a british army division ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/12143482/sacre-bleu-french-general-to-join-british-army.html ) for the first time , and a british officer will similarly take control of a french division . 
  yeah , let 's be honest : plans for a joint eu army are realistically plans for french and british soldiers to go and die for eu policy objectives whilst the irish and swedes man the tea tents due to `` neutrality '' . 
  if you look at the land registry figures they break down their averages by region , county , and house type . 
  rightmove just seem to be taking the average of all houses sold through their website . 
  i 'm not sure why that 's an interesting figure , as a few megamansions in the shires or penthouses in central london will heavily skew the figures .
