  [ mark rylance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_rylance ) is considered to be one of -- if not the -- best living english stage actor . 
  when i lived in italy it was everywhere there too . 
  motorcycle helmets , t-shirt decals , handbags , phone cases , even people 's shoes had union jacks all over them . 
  really weird seeing your flag more abroad than you see it at home !, 
  the headline is a bit misleading . 
  the average asking price for a home has passed # 300,000 . 
  meanwhile , [ land registry figures ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/503000/jan_2016_hpi.pdf ) from january 2016 state the average house price in england and wales is # 191,812 . 
  nobody spending money on their nato commitments ? 
  let 's propose a joint eu army , which would necessitate a joint eu foreign policy , and necessitate several countries to disregard their neutral stances , because surely all of that is easier than just asking countries to spend the recommended 2 % of gdp minimum for nato membership !, 
  a bit ambitious !, 
  scotland : ya , really ? 
  i 've never heard anybody say that in southern scotland . 
  aye is the common alternative to yes , in both scotland and northern england . 
  so with a negotiated fta the uk economy would grow at the same rate as the average rate of growth in the eurozone in the short term . 
  that 's much better than i had assumed !, 
  look at [ unesco 's statistics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/books_published_per_country_per_year ) on the number of books published per year in each country . 
  the uk has the third largest number published , beaten only by the united states and china . 
  further , we publish over half as many news books each year that the united states does despite only having a fifth of the population . 
  in terms of per capita publication rates , the united kingdom tops the list by a [ huge margin ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/books/2014/oct/22/uk-publishes-more-books-per-capita-million-report ) , giving the uk a 1000-title per head lead over the two second place countries , taiwan and slovenia . 
  you think * sweden * has contributed as much to literature as the uk ? 
  what ? 
  italy is one of the world 's largest manufacturers . 
  and american crayfish . 
  native crayfish are on the verge of extinction in the uk due to the invasive american signal crayfish out competing them and spreading crayfish plague . 
  taittinger [ are about to start up production in england ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/dec/09/champagne-taittinger-to-produce-english-sparkling-wine-in-kent ) , having bought vineyards in kent last year . 
  english wine production increased by 41 % last year , and is now seen as a threat to champagne sales by the major producers due to its increasing popularity in the uk -- 25 % of all taittinger sold outside of france is consumed in the uk . 
  it means nothing of the sort . 
  completely irrelevant to the point being made . 
   half of what used to be mexico does share its institutions with the usa . 
  ... and ? 
  what * used * to be mexico is no longer mexico . 
  every thread on the uk , or the brexit referendum , is filled with his salty comments . 
  he 's completely obsessed with the uk . 
  why ? 
  there 's industries in the uk that have no presence whatsoever in new zealand , canada , or australia ( the uk population being larger than the populations of the other three combined ) . 
  there 'd be a brain drain from the uk for some industries , but a brain drain to the uk for others . 
  goes both ways . 
  britons as far as i know have no special exemptions when emigrating to canada or australia . 
   us states have their own governments and regulations . 
  as do scotland , england , northern ireland , and wales . 
  as do german lander . 
  again , you 're comparing the internal divisions of a single country , with a national identity , to the eu . 
  the comparison with america sharing the supreme court with mexico is perfectly apt . 
  we pushed for a single market in services . 
  where is it ? 
  or is completing the eu 's single market now not seen as a `` high-quality '' proposal , now ? 
  france ? 
  both the uk and france opposed german reunification . 
  france only eventually agreed to it on the basis a single currency , the euro , was instigated to try to keep the germans in check . 
  they are formal languages , which are obviously different enough from natural languages to make everybody replying to this thread of comments both correct ( they are quite obviously languages , in so far as a language is defined as a set of strings ) and incorrect ( natural languages are obviously so different in their qualities from formal languages that trying to conflate them in this context reveals an almost autistic level of misunderstanding of human language ) . 
  i did n't . 
  i used the papers referenced in the comments . 
  from reading the comments below that article there seems to be a number of problems with the studies you are referencing , namely the size of the brain region in question has only a weak correlation with fearfulness , with studies suggesting that there is no correlation between the two at all in males , and is actually most strongly correlated with having a large social network of friends and acquaintances . 
  further , where there is a correlation between some property of the amygdala and fearfulness , the most relevant property is activity , not size , which is what the ucl team were measuring . 
  further , with respect , an analysis of reddit 's left wing posters , and the wider left in general , would also suggest they 're as equally fear driven as right wing posters , they just care and fret about different things . 
  according to the british left , the nhs has been on the verge of nationalisation for the last 30 years , yet it 's still going strong . 
  speaking to an electorate 's fears is generally a good election strategy for both left and right . 
   wasnt the brexit referendum basically an idea of cameron to improve his own political image ? 
  no , a referendum was inevitable . 
  calls for one have been building for the past two decades . 
  cameron was just the tory in charge when the dam finally broke and one could n't be resisted any longer . 
  yeah , shake shack is better . 
  guardian style guide recommends whom when it sounds unambiguously better to the ear , in all other cases you should you who . 
  they also say :  use of `` whom '' has all but disappeared from spoken english , and seems to be going the same way in most forms of written english too . 
  if you are not sure , it is much better to use `` who '' when `` whom '' would traditionally have been required than to use `` whom '' incorrectly for `` who '' , something even great writers have been guilty of : `` there was a big man whom i think was an h\u00f4telier from phnom penh and a french girl i 'd never seen before ... '' ( the quiet american , graham greene -- who as a former subeditor should have known better ) . 
  there is a grammatical difference that i can never remember , but the real difference is that whom is no longer used barring a few exceptional cases in modern british english , with who being preferred in nearly all cases where one would formerly use whom , instead . 
  not in british english . 
  indeed , individual polls also mean very little . 
  far better to use a [ poll of polls ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/opinion-polls/poll-of-polls/ ) , which has remain on 51 % and leave on 49 % . 
  does anybody know what has changed to allow all of these skyscrapers to pop up within the last few decades ? 
  is it a relaxation of planning laws , new building technology , or something else ? 
  i was always under the impression that london 's geology made skyscraper construction impractical , due to the clay bed the city sits on , but this appears to be mistaken , now ... 
  i 'm not wrong on this matter , and with all due respect , i think you need to grow a thicker skin -- your pearl clutching comes across as a little too over the top and a little too convenient . 
  further , let 's actually highlight where you are wrong : your mistake is in jumping from the fact that sovereignty is a gradient to the conclusion that there 's no difference in kind between any two points on that gradient . 
  here 's a simple analogy to help you grasp your error : there 's a gradient of shades of grey between black and white , yet nobody in their right mind would fail to recognise that there 's clearly a difference in kind between one end of the scale and the other . 
  this subreddit as a whole , and you in particular , seem to have taken the rather bizarre position that , because a country 's sovereignty exists on a gradient , all points on that gradient are identified , with no difference in kind between an independent uk outside of a federate eu , and a `` british '' state subsumed by a federated european single state . 
  canada clearly retains more freedom to pursue policies , both domestic and international , as a sovereign nation than the state of texas despite being neighboured with a superpower . 
  so to will the uk , if the british people decide to vote out . 
  i think you 're being wilfully disingenuous if you do n't recognise a difference in kind between the sovereignty enjoyed by the uk at present , or even outside of the eu , with a federated eu on our doorstep , and the sovereignty that a uk as a component of a federated state would enjoy . 
  staying within an organisation that wishes to integrate into a federal state is also geopolitical suicide for the uk , as by definition an independent uk would cease to exist once incorporated into any such state . 
  remaining in the eu means we 're either fighting the rest of the membership in preventing any such federalisation , or going with the flow and being incorporated into a federal state . 
  as a briton , neither of these options are in any way attractive . 
  that 's not a failure , just a differing teaching philosophy . 
  this guy is completely out of his depth . 
  his prior leadership role was leader of a glorified town council , now he 's in charge of an organisation covering half a billion people at a time said organisation is facing several existential threats . 
  he has no leadership skills and no presence whatsoever . 
  he needs to resign and let somebody competent takeover , preferably not another former leader of a tax parasite microstate . 
  juncker is the ex-pm of a tiny micostate and is completely out of his depth . 
  hate to say it , but the eu needs somebody like tony blair at the helm at the moment . 
  i saw a documentary on british tv about this , including the norwegian experiment . 
  the evidence was pretty convincing . 
  molten aluminium will also explode like a bomb when mixed with water too , which may explain some of the noises heard before the towers collapsed . 
  well , i 've visited france five times in the last two years and you still have a serious dog shit problem . 
  reims in particular seemed to be particularly bad . 
  traversing any pavement in the city centre was akin to dancing through a minefield . 
  we were instrumental in setting up the single market . 
  even now we 're the main voice pushing for further single market integration in services and digital goods with the likes of germany trying to block any more integration . 
  it excludes the uk because we made a big song and dance about it , threatened to veto any eu-wide rollout , exactly what motivated this thread of comments in the first place . 
  latest eurostat figures have czech republic as most euroskeptic country in the eu followed by sweden , then the uk and denmark tied , iirc ( the map was posted in this subreddit within the last month but i 'm on a tablet right now and can not find it ) . 
  i suppose you are right that i was misleading in describing denmark and sweden as the most euroskeptic countries , as they 're merely second and third most , with the top honour going to the czechs .
