  yeah that 's totally nothing to do with france and germany preceding every meeting of eu leaders with their own mini conference , setting the agenda of the entire eu . 
  but how about them brits !, 
  the uk was also seeking a single market in services and less red tape when it comes to business within the eu , the fact that these vital issues have been set aside in favour of trivialities just underlines how full of shit posters in this subreddit were when they claimed the rest of the eu were crying out for meaningful reform in contrast to what cameron was asking for . 
  literally , the only meat present in cameron 's demands has been ignored in favour of weak arse nonsense . 
  yeah , i 'd be careful demanding suspension of the uk from the eu , as a portuguese . 
  what does portugal actually contribute to the eu ? 
  you 're not a military heavyweight , you have very little diplomatic sway , you 're not a centre of science , innovation , engineering , or finance , you do n't contribute anything to the budget of the eu , and for the last 5 + years you 've been in the depths of an almost unprecedented financial crisis . 
  i 'm at a loss to understand what positives your membership brings other than neater borders ? 
  perhaps if there was n't so much deadweight within the organisation there 'd be fewer calls to leave from within the uk , no ? 
  there 's literally zero chance that northern ireland will leave . 
  even scotland leaving is an over-exaggerated threat on / r/europe , unfortunately . 
  [ adl anti-semitism map ] ( http://global100.adl.org/#map ) : uk 8 % , second only to netherlands on 5 % and sweden on 4 % in western europe , and one of the least anti-semitic countries in the world . 
  these statistics are not even wrong ; they 're just so badly out of kilter that any critical eye looking over them prior to publication should have seen that there was something wrong and stopped publication . 
  there is absolutely no way , barring war , natural disaster , or some other calamity , that average wages in any modern industrialised country differ by 15 % year on year , never mind the 35 % difference that apparently occurred in denmark . 
  to wit : the office of national statistics showed 0.8 % wage growth in the uk year on year from 2014 -- 2015 ( [ data here ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/taxonomy/index.html?nscl=annual+earnings#tab-data-tables ) ) , which is far more reasonable ( and likely ) than a -15 % swing in a year when the uk economy finally picked up steam again . 
  salmond as the advocate for britain remaining in the eu ? 
  we may as well dispense with the formality of a referendum and just leave . 
  this is terrible news for the remain camp . 
  if it 's in the top five places in the world to live then that suggests that the extent to which they are getting `` screwed over '' in trade deals is either exaggerated or does n't really matter much . 
  at the end of the day , i , like most people i suspect , am interested in living in a country that delivers a better quality of life , not one that negotiates the best position in trade deals . 
   would you say scotland , ireland and wales have lost their cultural identity with being in union with england ? 
  what ? 
  yes , of course anybody would say that . 
  scotland and england are now almost culturally identical , barring a few small differences either side of the border . 
  prior to the union , that was not the case . 
  just look at the fate of the gaelic and welsh languages as an example . 
  wales was almost entirely absorbed into england politically and legally , too . 
  there 's also one notable example missing from your list : france . 
  what now is left of occitan , savoyan , or breton culture in france ? 
  just a few cultural leftovers mixed up with a generic french culture . 
  it 's virtually the same game as shinty and bando , to the extent that there 's competitions between hurling and shinty teams using a hybrid set of rules . 
  in fact , they 're all derived from the same game , originally . 
  much closer than that . 
  turnagain island , queensland , is 24 miles off the papua new guinea coast , and dauan island is about 3 miles off papua new guinea . 
  the latter island is inhabited , too . 
  before becoming independent the maltese had a referendum on becoming a constituent nation of the uk . 
  they voted `` yes '' with 77 % of the vote , but the uk subsequently refused and they gained their independence shortly after . 
  it also has a detrimental effect on mother-baby bonding when compared to a natural birth . 
  right , the eu should be run along whatever consensus the germans and french decide upon . 
  no wonder a significant percentage of britons want to leave . 
  wealthy russians and chinese parking their wealth in property in certain areas in london is a distinct trend from what is usually referred to as `` gentrification '' . 
  for a start , the areas that are targets for russian and chinese money are , by and large , historically already wealthy areas like kensington and chelsea . 
  at least to me , when somebody mentions gentrification in london i think of areas in eastern or southern london becoming `` cool '' as artists and other creative types move in , with others soon following them , driving up house prices and driving the older residents out . 
  this has happened in e.g. 
  brixton and shoreditch within the last two decades . 
  `` computer science '' in these statistics usually includes all sorts of degree courses other than pure computer science , skewing the statistics . 
  italy could have won with the last kick of the game , too . 
  software developers are relatively well paid . 
  in london you can earn # 100,000 + with any sort of rare skill or experience . 
  it 's in the sciences where wages seem to be low . 
  if there 's an impending shortage why are wages so low ? 
  it 's geographically in asia . 
  eta : bit of cognitive dissonance about the relative placements of turkey and cyprus in this subreddit apparently . 
  / r/europe has never really gotten to grips with the fact that all of the uk 's exceptions were signed off by their own leaders following multilateral negotiations . 
  the continued inability to understand quite a simple topic is fascinating in its own way . 
  what do you mean `` even the uk '' ? 
  we 're one of the largest suppliers of foreign aid in the world , and uk private charitable donations dwarf those of any other european country . 
  great idea , then england will have two stalking horses in the form of scotland and ireland within the eu , two countries where a significant part of their trade revenue comes from trade with england . 
  i can see you 're a deep thinker . 
  any other ideas you wish to share ? 
  i 'm surprised any shops accept them . 
  in the uk , it 's quite common to see signs in shops saying they wo n't accept # 50 notes due to the large number of counterfeits in circulation , never mind notes worth an order of magnitude more . 
  at the very least , paying for $ 30 worth of goods with a $ 500 note would wipe out the contents of a lot of shop tills . 
  there 's very few prisoners in the uk serving whole life tariffs ; in england and wales there 's currently 62 prisoners serving one , see the list [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_prisoners_with_whole-life_tariffs ) . 
  usually a `` life sentence '' consists of a minimum custodial sentence after which the prisoner becomes eligible for release , with the option of recall to prison at any time should they step out of line . 
  presumably once a foreign prisoner has served their minimum sentence and is deemed safe for release , they 're deported immediately . 
  there is no `` yes '' , the possible answers are `` remain '' or `` leave '' . 
  right , but which car models are ** only ** supplied with a diesel engine ? 
  if diesel engines ca n't meet the environmental standards then that latent demand for vehicles will just switch to demand for petrol cars instead . 
  we proposed much higher reserve capital requirements for banks than what the rest of the eu eventually agreed to . 
  germany decided that he who pays sets the rules in its handling of the eurozone crisis . 
  well , the uk pays too . 
  why are uk statistics always completely out of date on these charts ? 
  no other country seems to suffer from this . 
  it 's not like we do n't have good statistics for uk unemployment that get updated regularly . 
   and you are leaving like-minded countries like us high and dry . 
  like these `` like-minded '' countries have been doing to the uk when it comes to actually voting down badly-thought out proposals ? 
  all these close allies that we 've suddenly got when it looks likely that we 're about to vote to leave were only too happy to vote with the majority and let the uk take all the heat from vetoing everything they disagreed with . 
  why should we care if you 're left high and dry ? 
  you 've collectively spent the last two decades ensuring the british feel completely isolated in the eu . 
  there 's 14 million people of irish descent alone in the uk . 
   england , scotland , ireland , wales in one state yeah , good luck with that . 
  though in principle , i agree . 
  eliminating small states also has the benefit of reducing the number of tax havens , countries whose only viable industries are tied to leeching corporate taxes off their larger neighbours due to their small size . 
  it 's even worse when you learn that canada has three in the top 20 , and the us has seven . 
  yeah , let 's ignore the large swathes of continental europe where the government has to step in with exorbitant taxes on alcohol to stop the population drinking themselves to death . 
  but how about them brits and americans !, 
  pot calling the kettle black here , i think . 
  there 's legions of irish tourists visiting the same places as the british , and behaving exactly the same . 
   `` lang , lang geleden , in een diep , donker woud , leefde een boosaardige heks ... '' this is almost english !, 
  ( though the cognate of `` heks '' in english , `` hex '' , now refers to a witch 's curse rather than the witch itself . ), 
   this is not the case any more . 
  in any case , there is little voting turn-out for the some of the last uk elections as well . 
  which ones ? 
  last uk general election had voter turnout of 66 % , compared to the 42 % turnout across the entire eu for the last eu elections ( 35 % in the uk ) . 
  indeed , my dad , son of a coal miner , attended a grammar school and he was not alone . 
  we now have a system that 's every bit as selective as the old grammar school system , but instead of selecting based on academic merit as with the grammar school system , we now select based on local house prices . 
  if one was being especially cynical , one would perhaps point out that the fiercest opponents of grammar schools seem to be the middle classes -- the same group that also coincidentally find it easiest to gain entry to the best secondary schools by buying more expensive property in a given catchment area . 
  would n't want the lower classes competing with their children for the best university places , eh ... 
  judging by how cornwall is classified i 'd say it 's more like 1740 .
