  every / r/europe thread on this subject has at least one poster ~ ~ fantasising about ~ ~ predicting 500 trillion highly skilled employees will leave britain 's shores for ireland two microseconds after any vote to leave ( despite the irish economy being heavily dependent on the british one , and the irish economy is simply not big enough to absorb all of these people leaving the uk ) . 
  it 's named after an anglo saxon coin , not stirling . 
  i already addressed that point in the second half of my post . 
  at most we 'll see the euro denominated clearing business move into the eurozone , as the french have been pushing for years . 
  but that 's a fraction of the city of london 's total business , and is n't sufficient to make frankfurt or paris the `` financial capital of ** europe ** '' , which is what cohiban claims . 
  speak for yourself . 
  the us is one of the main destinations for european emigrants . 
  further , as the never ending litany of crises that have rocked the eu for the last decade have demonstrated , the us does n't have a monopoly on poor governance . 
  why would the likes of denmark or sweden , countries whose euroskeptic movements have comparable polling figures to that of the uk , agree to `` punish '' a country that leaves the bloc and therefore set a precedent that they may one day fall foul of , themselves ? 
  the very fact that the eu is at risk of losing more members if the uk leaves is ironically reason why a retiring member will likely not be `` punished '' !, 
  further , suppose the eu does `` punish '' the uk for leaving , and the uk manages to thrive outside the eu even after being sanctioned by the rest of the bloc ( which , let 's face it , is pretty likely barring an all-out declaration of economic war by the rest of the bloc -- for the last 15 months the uk has traded more with the rest of the world than with the rest of the eu , the only eu country to do so , iirc ) . 
  what lesson will euroskeptic movements in the rest of the continent draw ? 
  that the eu is a petty , vindictive organisation that espouses democracy and freedom , until any country dares to vote to leave , at which point it turns on the economic screws and ... fails . 
   why should frankfurt give up its chance to become the new financial centre of europe ? 
  frankfurt is never ever going to be the new financial capital of europe . 
  german speakers keep pushing this idea , but a fifth rate financial centre is not going to overtake london . 
  banks will move to singapore , new york or hong kong , fellow english speaking cities with a legal system close to the anglo-american common law system , before they move to paris or frankfurt . 
  further , losing the euro-denominated clearing business , which is what we are talking about when we 're talking about the `` eu 's financial capital '' , is not going to end london 's utter dominance , as it 's only a small fraction of the business that is carried out in the city . 
  this [ english.stackexchange ] ( http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/242544/from-livorno-to-leghorn-and-back-again ) question has some concrete numbers from google trends . 
  leghorn has now seemingly lost out to livorno , though the number of times the city is mentioned at all has plumetted since the port lost strategic and commercial relevance . 
  i think leghorn has fallen out of use in favour of just calling it livorno . 
  is it understood what effects wiping mosquitoes out worldwide would have ? 
  it seems there 's a large number of horrifying diseases that use mosquitoes as a vector . 
  `` get out there and piss off half your customers . '', 
  [ a dictionary of the dialect of southern lancashire ] ( http://hazelgardner.com/old-lancashire-dialect-words-and-their-origins/ ) has some ( on = old norse ) . 
  there 's a few missing , however , like `` klempt '' meaning hungry , and `` agate '' meaning on its way . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.viking.no/e/england/yorkshire_norse.htm ) is a big list of yorkshire dialectical words derived from old norse , too . 
  it 's not just scottish dialect , the danelaw in england also has dialect derived from scandinavian . 
  cesg and gchq should really be two separate agencies as there 's a pretty obvious conflict of interest tasking the same agency with protecting the government and nation 's networks and tasking them with signals intelligence . 
   any idea what kind of impact that will have on the uk brexit debate ? 
  as somebody who will probably vote to stay , at this rate we 're almost certainly going to vote to leave . 
  or c ) composed of terrible politicians that were either booted out of , or considered ineligible for , office in their home nations and subsequently secured a sinecure in the eu 's apparatus for services rendered . 
  is n't there only a small fraction of greece 's total debt issued under english law , implying that reneging on all other debts is an option ? 
  rugby league is mostly unknown outside of the m62 corridor in northern england . 
  the only other place where it is popular to the same extent is australia . 
  i ca n't believe they spent 3 hours debating this crap . 
  talk about cringe inducing . 
  do n't most online petitions that reach the threshold only normally get a cursory debate ? 
  they do n't even have the power to ban him !, 
  i 'm not sure of a brexit ... 
  plaid cymru , that titan of welsh politics , with all of three out of forty seats at westminster . 
  wales is the most euroskeptic part of the uk . 
  they vote with us occasionally . 
  the dutch were a prime example of this phenomenon on the appointment of juncker , when they switched from being opposed to his appointment to voting with the majority in the space of an afternoon . 
  and libya 's yours . 
  compared to the scottish referendum the polling is a lot tighter , a lot earlier in the campaigns . 
  then why do n't you push for a referendum ? 
  this bullshit is what pisses me off about the eu . 
  suddenly when the uk looks like it 's set to leave we have millions of allies appear out of nowhere . 
  yet , where were all these allies when the uk was vetoing decisions that you apparently also disagreed with ? 
  you were all voting with the majority in order to not `` rock the boat '' . 
  the single market 's existence is down , in large part , to the uk !, 
  even today the uk is the main driver behind further integration of the single market , pushing a single market in services and digital goods , with germany acting as a brake . 
  do n't try and push any of that bullshit about the uk not being involved , especially when you 're pointing to schengen and the euro as policy `` successes '' that france and germany have driven forward . 
  i think we can collectively do with fewer french and german `` successes '' . 
  the uk is never going to be wholly inside or wholly outside the eu . 
  those hoping for an in vote are going to be disappointed when the uk carries on vetoing everything , and picking and choosing what parts of the eu we take part in . 
  those hoping for an out vote are going to be disappointed when british economic and political interests continue to largely align with the eu , and the eu continues to exert a significant amount of influence on us , even after we leave . 
  gay marriage was legalised in england and wales by cameron , for example . 
  was there over christmas , 
  god this idea is so fucking irritating and so prevelant on reddit . 
  no , danes or dutchmen do not speak english better than native speakers . 
  for england : william the conqueror . 
  massacred large parts of the north of england in the harrying of the north , turned england into a heavily class-based feudal society modelled on how things were in france , and introduced absolute monarchial rule to england . 
  he was also ultimately responsible for ireland and england becoming entwined , via the norman conquest of ireland carried out under henry ii , an act that 's caused no end of trouble to both countries and still shapes politics today . 
   which is n't really much better though . 
  we have thousands of years of history , and ca n't cover everything . 
  why is cromwell more important than the roman occupation , the norman conquest , the tudors , the agricultural and industrial revolutions , the world wars , and so on ? 
  other incredibly important topics are also skipped . 
  britain before the romans was never mentioned , the christianisation of britain is not covered , the anglo-saxons are barely covered , the glorious revolution is not covered , the napoleonic wars are not covered , the plantagenets and the angevin empire are not covered , the wars of the roses were n't covered , the seven years war and subsequent loss of the north american colonies were n't covered , etc. , when i was at school . 
   he founded your parliament as well did n't he , how could you not have learned that ? 
  because it 's not true ? 
  [ charles i stormed into parliament with troops and demanded the arrest of parliamentarians on a charge of high treason ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz1xormnp2m ) , demanding the speaker identify the wanted men , to which the speaker of the house famously replied `` may it please your majesty , i have neither eyes to see nor tongue to speak in this place but as the house is pleased to direct me , whose servant i am here '' . 
  it was one of the precursors of the civil war which lead to cromwell being appointed lord protector . 
  incidentally , the closing of the doors in the face of the king seen in that scene is now remembered at every state of opening of parliament by the doors to the house of commons [ being slammed shut in the face of black rod ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-uugp1y0cs ) . 
  a lot of male jews in antwerp wear very strange hats that i have never seen in the uk . 
  it 's like a fur covered flattened cylinder . 
  does anybody know what it is and what it signifies ? 
  yeah , the presevation of the weave in that fabric is amazing . 
  pompeii would n't be destroyed for another 1100 years when that was woven , taking the earliest estimate !, 
  none of these things are in any way achievable . 
  britain 's been pushing for reform of how agriculture is handled in the eu for decades . 
  all we ever hear in return is bleating and butthurt resentment from the rest of the continent about the existence of the uk 's rebate , which if it did n't exist would mean british farmers would be paying to subsidise their french , irish and polish competitors . 
  similarly , france is never going to permit the eu from dropping strasbourg as a seat of the parliament . 
  if he 'd tied his `` renegotiation '' to gaining any sort of meaningful reform on any of those points he 'd come away empty handed and more or less singlehandedly force the uk out of the eu . 
  how is this not obvious ? 
  a similar thing seems to happen with the uk 's salaries too . 
  both denmark and the uk suffer a drop of around 15 % over the course of a year between 2014 and 2015 . 
  this seems to be incorrect , as 2014 -- 2015 was the year where wages in the uk started growing above inflation again . 
   britain 's pagan religions and the stories that form their liturgy never really disappeared , the literature professor meg bateman told me in an interview on the isle of skye in the scottish highlands . 
  pagan britain , scotland in particular , survived the march of christianity far longer than the rest of europe . 
  monotheism had a harder time making inroads into great britain despite how quickly it swept away the continent 's nature religions , says bateman , whose entire curriculum is taught in gaelic . 
  isolated behind hadrian 's wall -- built by the romans to stem raids by the northern barbarian hordes -- scotland endured as a place where pagan beliefs persisted ; beliefs brewed from the religious cauldron of folklore donated by successive invasions of picts , celts , romans , anglo-saxons , and vikings . 
  as far as i understand the history of christianisation of britain and wider europe , this description is completely incorrect . 
  roman britain was never christianised in any meaningful sense , so hadrian 's wall is irrelevant . 
  scotland was also one of the earliest places in mainland britain to be christianised properly , with st columba and the rest of the hiberno-scottish missionaries establishing monasteries in present-day scotland , most famously at iona , and converting the peoples of the overkingdom of dal riata -- ironically , including the peoples of the isle of skye . 
  scotland also has some very early native saints , including mungo , the patron saint of the city of glasgow . 
  anglo saxon england was also converted around this time with the last pagan king killed on the isle of white at the end of the seventh century , trying to prevent the christianisation of his kingdom . 
  further , it was missionaries from britain that helped convert the rest of the continent to christianity , large parts of it still being pagan when modern britain and ireland were already christianised . 
  a network of monasteries in present day france , germany and italy was established by st. columba and staffed by scottish and irish missionaries .
