looks like no matter much i try to carefully word my post you did n't understand what i was saying . 
  again , i 'm not fucking defending the actions of the ukrainians , just saying that what is shown on the video and what supposedly happened seem to difer . 
  i 'm saying what i think might have happened is that a fight was started between the far left guys ( not trying to generalize , but the looks of a lot of the guys fighting , like dreadlocks and mohicans , are very typical of spanish far-left ) and those far right ukrainian guys , so it was a bunch of radicals fighting each other , not innocent students being attacked by evil evil nazi ukrainians . 
  funny how what we can see in the video is exactly the opposite , guys that look like far-left with rods trying to take the flags from the other guys.not saying the ukrainians were n't violent or that i defend them , but considering this is from rt and that the video shows the opposite ... 
  please do n't spread disinformation.the way of choosing the constitutional members might not be the best one , but to say that there 's no separation of powers ... that 's one thing i was n't expecting to hear , and keep in mind that a lot of crap has been said about this issue . 
  you are right about that it cant be `` oficially '' illegal because it has n't been submitted , but it clearly goes against article 2 of the constitution.apart from where you say that the catalan parliament overrides the national one ( would love some kind of link about that ) you say no pact if possible.well , last year the constituation was changed when the 2 main parties reached an agreement.don ' t try to hide the fact that the constitution can be changed to make it legal , you simply do n't have enough support in el congreso to do it.i would also like to know what you think about valle de aran considering you seem to be against laws . 
  `` you all seem to hate it anyway '' is a comment that we get a lot if we do n't want an indepent catalonia.i personally do n't hate catalonia , it 's a great place and i have many ties with it , that 's why i would like it to remain in spain.however if the constitution gets changed in order to allow it to secede , i see no problem with that if we all get to vote about it as the principle of our constitution is that the sovereignty resides in all the citizens , not an specific region . 
  from what i know , the referendum would be non binding , altought the matter about if a non-binding referendum that clearly goes against the constitution would be legal considering it would be made by the catalan government will most likely be decided by the spanish constituational tribunal . 
  the constitution clearly states as i have said in another post that while it recognizes the right of self-goverment , spain is indissoluble.that 's why the referendum is illegal right now.the constitution can be modified as you said , the problem is that instead of trying to reach and agreement or reforming the constitution ( parties like psoe aprove the idea of a federal spain ) the catalan goverment is ignoring it.you seem to be bitter about the recent change of the constitution , but that does n't change the fact that it was correct legally-speaking . instead of defending law , you piss on the constitution . 
  do you know what having this constitution means ? 
  it guarantees your safety so that you ca n't be killed.it allowed you to speak your language and have your own institutions.it 's a constitution that was signed in a consensus between all democratic parties of spain , and you are ignoring it because it does n't suit you now.it 's a legal document , and the defeat of 1714 and it 's consequences have nothing to do with the fact that right now , like it or not , you do n't have enough support in el congreso to change the constitution , so you choose the illegal way . 
  i hope you are n't trying to make a serious comment being so disrespectful . 
  it might be because i 'm not a native speaker , but i get the impression that you seem to think that im opposed to any kind of referendum.i 'm simply stating that as it stands , the referendum is illegal . 
  obviously if there an agreement was reached and the constitution was changed in some form ( either allowing the referendum or changing the structure of the state to a federal one like the psoe wants ) i might not agree with the idea of an independent catalonia , but i will support the right of them to have a referendum if its legal . 
  the main argument used to oppose the referendum is that it 's against the constitution . 
  this is translated as : the constitution is based on the indissoluble unity of the spanish nation , the common and indivisible homeland of all spaniards ; it recognizes and guarantees the right to selfgovernment of the nationalities and regions of which it is composed and the solidarity among them all . 
  do you think the independence guys care about that ? 
  take a look around this thread and you will see them trying to spin the narrative . 
  sorry but you are the one that is wrong . 
  i linked you a statement from margaritis schinas , you are confusing it with the one made by juncker . 
  sorry but you are the one that is wrong.i linked you a statement from margaritis schinas , you are confusing it with the one made by juncker . 
  the eu leaders have been very explicit in the fact that unilateral independe would mean that they would cease being part of the eu.see the latest message from the eu comission , for example . 
  [ http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/09/17/inenglish/1442498331_707359.html] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/09/17/inenglish/1442498331_707359.html ), 
  why the fuck does it matter what the `` no '' parties obtained ? 
  it is usually assumed that in order to push an issue such as independece forward , you would want atleast 50 % of the votes . 
  how does that even work ? 
  dude those votes are from small parties that migth or migth not be pro-indepencence , take a deep breath and try to use logic . 
  according to the exit polls they would obtain around 49.8 % of the votes , very close . 
  update : down to 47.25 % with half of the votes counted . 
  the voting is over at 8pm local time ( so in about 15 minutes ) , it is expected that clear results will be avaible around 10pm . 
  here 's a link to the regional government 's website , i believe english is available . 
  holy shit !, 
  dude you are fucking obsessed . 
  nazi collaborator organization ? 
  it 's a freaking reference to a star wars republic unit [ http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/501st_legion] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/501st_legion ) and a star wars vehicle [ http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/low_altitude_assault_transport] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/low_altitude_assault_transport ) . 
  please stop embarrasing yourself . 
  once again , we are n't discussing what the latvian auxiliary police members did or if they formed the first members of the legion before 90.000 latvians were conscripted , the question is if the latvian legion commited warcrimes . 
   in november 1943 riga ghetto ( or what remained of it ) was massacred by the latvian legion . 
  [ citation needed ] . considering the legion was figthing near leningrad at those dates i ca n't comprehend what were you thinking about . 
  you failed once again to provide anything that remotely resembles a credible source that proves that the latvian legion commited warcrimes and choose to ignore all the evidence that proves that they commited no crimes like us displaced persons commission : `` the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss , and therefore the commission holds them not to be a movement hostile to the government of the united states . '', 
  what your are doing is posting things that have no relation with the latvian legion or you simply make them up.i 'm gona end this debate now because i 'm frankly tired of reading your bullshit , i hope you are atleast getting paid for this . 
  and yet you still have n't linked a single piece of evidence about the latvian legion specifically commiting war crimes . 
  you have simply talked about crimes commited by latvian auxiliary police or waffen-ss , but that does n't say anything about the latvian legion and it 's just a tool to derail the discussion . 
  you keep talking about propaganda and yet you have failed to provide any sources showing that the latvian legion specifically commited war crimes.ill ask once again . 
  since you say that the latvian legion was obviously involved in war crimes , go ahead , show us the historical sources . 
  you seem sure they commited crimes so it is obvious you must have ample historical evidence that show it . 
  care to share it ? 
  my convictions tell me to vote p-lib ( libertarian party ) but i migth do tactical voting and end up voting ciudadanos since it is the best out of the major parties . 
  it must be fun to live thinking that any ideology you disagree with is part of a conspiracy funded to stop the * true anarchists * from spreading the revolution . 
  oh , and just so you know , rothbard started writing about it before the koch brothers had any sort of power . 
  oh look , one of the `` true '' anarchists arrived  you should try reading some books about anarcho-capitalism , it wont harm you . 
  [ anarcho-capitalism ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/anarcho_capitalism/ ) is basically rigth wing anarchism , altough left anarchists get angry and say it 's not `` true '' anarchism . 
  here you can look inside the mind of the average catalan nationalist , who thinks the entirety of spain is against them and wants to keep them down , and every action taken by the government is fueled by hate towards them . 
  should i accept it because `` the nation '' and all that bullshit ? 
  that line of thinking migth work with nationalists , but not with me . 
  actions do n't change from being unethical to ethical if it 's my tribe that does it instead of the other tribe . 
  if the bank does that is because you have a debt with them , a mortage that you did n't pay for example , and they are asking for certain things in order to give you an additional loan . 
  sounds fine to me . 
  can i go to my bank and say it 's a coup if they do n't accept my conditions for a loan ? 
  meanwhile , tsipras just reopened the state owned television , a move that will cost 60 million . 
  but do n't worry , once things get bad they will start blaming the `` evil capitalists '' and `` economic war '' for all their problems . 
  if you consider a failure being the 3rd overall party in votes in the municipal elections , i do n't know what to say . 
  their result in catalonia was pretty strong too , 3rd in barceolona and lleida , 2nd in tarragona and hospitalet . 
  i know , but if either of them win , it will be interpreted as a victory of podemos , not icv or equo.perhaps it 's not fair , but its what 's going to happen . 
  both options are avaible , but most people do n't care and just grab them from the tables . 
  keep an eye in valencia , i think there 's gon na be a big surprise there . 
  at the autonomous level , they are n't going to win any of them , instead they will probably get a lot of 3rd and 4th places , but they migth try to form a coalition with other left parties if they get 2nd place ( i think asturias and aragon are their biggest chances ) . 
  on the municipal level , they decided they were n't going to participate , instead giving support to local groups.two of these groups that received support from podemos , ahora madrid and barcelona en com\u00fa , are near tied in the polls with pp in madrid and ciu in barcelona , they have big chances of winning there . 
  i said no special privileges , stopping others from working is obviously an attack on the other workers liberties . 
  as a libertarian i disagree.unions shouldnt have special privileges granted by the government , but if workers want to band together to get better salaries , they should be free to do so . 
   i will give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that you are ill-informed and proceed to correct you . 
  jordi ca\u00f1as was accused of tax evasion when he was working in a private company , in a time when ciudadanos did n't exist . 
  the prosecutor has already asked 2 times for his case to be dismissed . 
   even tough he did n't have any obligation as he was accused of tax evasion ( ciudadanos removes members accused of political corruption as they have already done with fernando mut and miguel cazorla , the later being declared innocent and rejoining the party ) , he voluntarely left his seat.now he has been hired by girauta , one of the meps . 
  i will give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that you are ill-informed and proceed to correct you . 
  jordi ca\u00f1as was accused of tax evasion when he was working in a private company , in a time when ciudadanos did n't exist . 
  the prosecutor has already asked 2 times for his case to be dismissed . 
  even tough he did n't have any obligation as he was accused of tax evasion ( ciudadanos removes members accused of political corruption as they have already done with fernando mut and miguel cazorla , the later being declared innocent and rejoining the party ) , he voluntarely left his seat.now he has been hired by girauta , one of the meps . 
  they have n't positioned to the right or the left because they are a center party that has policies both of center-left and center-rigth . 
  obvious ? 
  they are saying the opposite , but your leaders have brainwashed you to think that you have the eu on your side . 
  whatever , you are free to believe in your fairy tale where the juncker government ( who said `` you do n't become an eu member by sending a letter '' ) supports catalonia independece . 
  ffs , every time a eu high-level position has been asked they said they they would need to reapply . 
  no , they do n't have an official degree saying that catalonia specifically will have to repply , but they have never expressed they catalonia would stay .3 days ago eu refused accepting a diplomat sent by the generalitat , and said all talks need to be done through the parent country.there 's dozens of news like that.wake up dude . 
  if your plan revolves around hoping that eu makes a 180\u00ba turn and that somehow convinces spain to do the same , you have to admit that your plan is pretty bad . 
  stop being delusional , catalonia needs to reach an agreement with the central government if they want to get independence . 
  that poll is very outdated dude , why do n't you put up to date polls ? 
  [ this one from last saturday . 
  ] ( http://electomania.es/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/invymark1.png ) look , you might not like them but polls shows they are having a crazy growth in popularity just like podemos had . 
  i would say andalusia 's results only further prove my point.pp tried to play the `` catalans are coming '' card and they lost 1/3 of their voters.meanwhile , ciudadanos which severely lacked implantation there , multiplied by 8 it 's votes ( from 46k in last european elections to 368k ) and ended up in a solid 4th position . 
  not true at at all , albert rivera ( ciudadanos leader for those who dont know ) is one of the most popular politicians , usually getting the best simpathy score in polls . 
  do you realize that not a majority of catalans want to break up with spain ? 
  latest polls show that only 44 % are in favour of independence . 
  more votes for ciudadanos/citizens i guess.the pro-independence guys already vote pro-independence parties , but the average guy who wasnt very interested in politics migth now vote them out of fear the pro-independence win . 
  podemos + iu and c 's + upyd were the only clear-cut alliances , but both small parties will now pay the price.half of upyd 's meps are in basically open rebellion and want the party leader to step down , so some kind of agreement needs to be reached between the big parties . 
  here 's when the problem starts , because i believe there a big percentage of voters who will see a coalition as allying with the `` enemy '' . 
  ok , you are free to believe that they are not center-left , but next time try to be more careful with what you share , as i have shown you that it was never proposed to have workers pay their employers . 
  that 's all i 'm asking . 
  did you even bother to read the interview ? 
  that 's all i 'm asking read the interview.here 's what he said : `` no podemos dar por v\u00e1lidos los axiomas de toda la vida .
