i said `` better people than you have donated clothes . '', 
  in response to somone what obviously do n't understand how or why they sometimes have nice clothes and smartphones . 
  i were n't implying anything else ; i said nothing about other people . 
  that person was also a finn , so having no part in the money i use . 
  i do n't go around throwing that in peoples faces , it was a reply to [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kw3gi/sweden_is_supposedly_systematically_sending/cv12lfg ) comment ; what should i have replied instead , do you think ? 
  i 'm not `` praising my own generosity '' . 
  it was a straight up reply . 
  it * is * what i do to help reffugees . 
  i 'm not saying it 's virtuos ; the user asked . 
  i 'm not telling `` everyone '' , as you seem to think i do . 
  if i were doing that though ; is it worse to be annoying but help people in need , or to be quiet and help noone ? 
  i can get what i need from my befenfit ; sometimes there is still some money in my bank account at the end of the month . 
  you are saying that tax payers will be happier if i go buy beer for myself instead of helping other people with it ... that 's an incredibly inhumane standpoint . 
  yeah , that 's gon na be cost-effective to administrate ... 
  i do however agree with your sentiment ; using tax money irresponsibly is n't good . 
  but as far as i know there exists no function for me to return the money , should i want to . 
  and as far as i 'm concerned , tax money is wasted on a much much greater scale on other things . 
  dude , look here ... 
  i said :  i still have more than they do ; why should n't i be trying to help people in a worse situation than me if i can ? 
  to which you replied :  you 're just disrespectful to those who pay tax . 
  how are you not saying that me helping other people is disrespectful ? 
  and please tell me what i should do with the money instead , that would be a better use for them . 
  good thing there are taxpayers that are actually humane and would vote the other way . 
  what 's with all the namecalling btw ? 
  run out of arguments , have you ? 
  if we were face to face , would you hit me instead ? 
  come off it ; you try to assume insulting things about me , i can do the same about you . 
  and btw ; i 'm not trying to `` tell everyone what a goodm person i am '' ; it was a reply that the fucking guy asked for . 
   if this is true then what are you doing to help ? 
  i have my limitations ; i ca n't go to africa , but i can do something . 
  if helping people in need is disrespectful , i do n't really care about what that tax payer has to say . 
  what should i have done instead ? 
  buy more expensive food for myself ? 
  more clothes ? 
  unnessesary shit i do n't need ? 
  i give clothes i do n't use or that do n't fit me anymore . 
  should i keep those just out of spite then ? 
  the money i get , i get because it 's helping me when i have very little . 
  same thing with the money i feel i can spare . 
  but i guess you 'd rather have tax payers know what skin colour people have , before they decide who will get some or not . 
  why is that fucked ? 
  i still have more than they do ; why should n't i be trying to help people in a worse situation than me if i can ? 
  good luck with that ; all good spots are taken . 
  i give clothes and money , despite me being unemployed . 
  they wear better stuff than you , because better people than you have donated clothes . 
  come on man ... 
  it 's kind of lame to be trolling on a sub like this ; ca n't we have some serious discussions instead ? 
  but here is where your small-minded thinking is painfully obvious . 
  do you not understand that it 's not about helping people far away more , but helping everyone ? 
  why should people speaking the same language as you deserve more help than those who do n't ? 
  this `` us vs them '' - mentality is a seriouls problem . 
  and since you ca n't have a discussion without trashtalking those you do n't agree with , it just shows how you are too deep in your confirmation bias to have a rational argument . 
  since when have anyone thought nazism was on the leftwing part of the spectrum ? 
  it 's not about waiting things out , it 's about caring for people , not just those that happened to be born a few miles in this direction or that . 
  that 's just a sad truth about humanity , not just here . 
  you really like namecalling , do n't you ? 
  why do you suppose all these refugees are trying to get to western europe , btw ? 
  probably because this `` delusional leftie trash '' have failed ; i mean , look at this low standard of living we have ... you should really brush up on your politics . 
  national socialism is * not * leftist !, 
  `` defending against terrorists '' ? 
  he started murdering syrians when they wanted democracy . 
  remember the arab spring ? 
  assad did n't like that at all . 
  with that flair you are a representative however you look at it . 
  other ways are possible without supporting an insane murdering dictator , causing even more suffering . 
  people . 
  not that anyone right-winged is racist , just that sweden democrats are racist . 
  they are a racist party , and there should be no confusion about that . 
  yeah ; i 've been on reddit for about 4 years now , and i def . 
  have noticed something like that creeping in over it , and it has happened more and more lately . 
  ( it might be that i 've just gotten more aware of it though . ), 
  what did reddit do ? 
  remove the thread ? 
  sometimes they are [ minks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_submarine_incidents#controversy ), 
  this is insane . 
  in stockholm people would n't so much as raise an eyebrow . 
  idd , that 's the lesser of three evils ;-p, 
  yeah , it 's even in the first deus ex game , that was released in 2000, 
  vad\u00e5 `` wow '' ? 
  a single muslim minister , however fucked his views are , does not equate to `` islamists running swedish government '' . 
  and no , they do n't support is . 
   kaplan is the first swedish minister who is a practising muslim . 
   you literally have islamists running the swedish government . 
  ... so that you can enjoy it in 200 years ? 
  it 's not news in the least , others have said this for years now . 
  there have been a few areas , very temporarily , rather small areas , where police have been assaulted on sight . 
  but that 's not the norm ; there are n't any actual places like that . 
  well the police here in sweden is a bit weak ... 
  it 's not just the laws . 
  there is actually a big problem in enforcing those laws ; we 're constantly seeing articles about how police quit their jobs . 
  they get fed up with how inefficient and quite frankly bad the entire organization is managed . 
  underfunding does n't help either . 
  horribly written too . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he was part of a center-right government , and belonged to a party on the right side . 
  then there 's not much choice ; it 's about practicality then . 
  at the buss stop it makes no difference to stand closer together . 
  nice !, 
  thanks :-), 
  taxation pays for military , infrastructure , etc ; more tax are gained from the general population than the fewer rich .
