just read the quran/koran . 
  you 'll scratch your head wondering why people blow themselves and other up over words in a book . 
  by less than 1 percentage point . 
  nothing with restricted immigration ? 
  just have everyone hand over messengers ? 
  that 's not an immigrant . 
  that 's a colonist . 
  get rid of it . 
  that train is going to go pick up more refugees . 
  at the time , even still know perhaps , the us 's biggest ethnicity was german.so , maybe that 's why . 
  yep . 
  i 'm curious what the incident in switzerland was . 
  frost giants ? 
  yay liberalism !, 
  that vending machine sells what for # 1 ? 
  took french in high school ( us ) and these are more or less the only thing i remember from that class . 
  the irony in that statement is hilarious . 
  it seems like swedens politicians always try to put sweden last . 
  nice angle . 
  its like that guy from pirates of the carribean . 
  so everyone signed over their borders and sovereignty to germany ? 
  another american - german war ? 
  bring it on fuckers . 
  against illegal immigration . 
  there 's a difference between the two . 
  legal and illegal . 
  it 's tradition . 
  most presidents are non-religious , with th exception of jfk . 
  or those lazy immigrants who just want to collect welfare . 
  i do n't think you 've been to sweden lately . 
  this `` good thing '' is truly terrible . 
  are there even any great black sub saharan philosophers who have shaped the modern world ? 
  except the somalis are causing major damage socially . 
  are adhere to a stone age religion . 
  stable = ok ? 
  just because you have n't seen hostility from muslims does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  i 've personally never seen anyone being raped , that does n't mean rape does n't exist since i 've never seen it . 
  have n't the polish actually contributed to the uk and actually learn the language ? 
  and integrate properly ? 
  why the fuck does poland owe refugees anything ? 
  yes . 
  we had to read in here in america for 11th grade english/lit class . 
  i wonder how much a signed version is worth . 
  and ? 
  it 's a hard truth . 
  if a civilization/group of people in one location can not support itself without outside help , it 's need to die out . 
  being artificially supported will not help the reason for them being insufficient and will not resolve the issue . 
  it will just make it worse . 
  this is why people need to stop feeding them . 
  if they do n't have the resources to feed and sustain themselves , they 'll die out naturally . 
  and then europe wo n't be faced with a immigration nightmare down the road . 
  it 's best to be multiethnical and unicultural at the same time . 
  multicultralism is a farce . 
  yes ? 
  anyone who thinks 1800 's 99.999 % thinks 1800 's -1899 . 
  cubans , not any other nationality . 
  so was / r/porn . 
  obama lost the popular vote to hillary in the '08 primaries . 
  did n't see people outraged then . 
  like what ? 
  he must 've been shown 60fps videos around the clock to be free of cancer this quickly . 
  i thought it was the chinese buying all the houses ? 
  are n't some muslims going around hacking people with machetes ? 
  as well as a significant on welfare while refusing to integrate and calling for the overthrow of the british government in hopes of instilling a full blown sharia form of government ? 
  he would 've been called a xenophobic racist by todays standards and would 've been banned from facebook for hate speech . 
  as well as here in the us . 
  you may come across a flattened cyclist or two on your morning commute to work . 
  too bad our government thought it would be best kill the man on top . 
  lol . 
  `` some '' . 
  and a badass building in the foreground too . 
  good ? 
  kinda reminds me of la. 
  he 'll fit right in then in swedenistan . 
  its the contrast of white and blue . 
  germany has been having a rise in terrorist attacks too ? 
  you spelled `` bomb doctors '' wrong . 
  me and my friends would dispense acid this way at rave/warehouse parties back in the day . 
  good times . 
  is this the type of ' e where the drug dealers give you all the chemicals and you have to put them altogether yourself at home ? 
  126 is n't high enough . 
  it 's all over youtube . 
  it happens all the time . 
  and you know what ? 
  no one gets blown up . 
  hopefully we can send germany all our illegals . 
  eh , why tried . 
  we really did . 
  i was taught the metric system along with the imperial system for years , but the metric system never stuck . 
  too late perhaps . 
  if you scan to the right , you 'll notice a glitch in the matrix . 
  this be fair , a lot of things in london close super early . 
  and leaves only fancy establishments or fast food like mcdonalds . 
  there 's too many rednecks with guns to have have that happen here . 
  would n't be funny if iran and saudi arabia started using the streets of london as their proxy war ? 
  it 's the internet that 's the problem . 
  not religion . 
  if germany wants to ban scientology and mormonism , i 'm sure they can ban islam . 
  used to be . 
  username checks out .
