  and though i do n't necessarily agree with restricting movement for that reason , and though one may still contribute to his or her homeland 's improvement through remittances and reputation , it is a problem . 
  i just believe that 's what should be tackled , rather than our symptoms . 
  i was thinking of a metaphor for all this and you nailed it in the head . 
  the world * is at serious risk of an environmental and demographic catastrophe in the next century , caused by issues of an inherently global nature - global warming , overpopulation , resource strain . 
  that is the problem . 
  and the apparent solution is simply to add another bolt to the door . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  * - i was gon na say `` we '' , but how often is that understood to mean mankind ... 
  i think we 'd have far more pressing concerns than immigration then ... 
  i ca n't see the shield ever being removed , frankly - it 's the one element they 'd always keep regardless . 
  but i honestly love our flag . 
  sometimes i feel like i 'm in the minority . 
  i can understand why , but not to the point of people claiming it looks like an average african flag . 
  it 's * juuuust * flashy enough not to be distasteful . 
  but that said , the monarchist flag is quite pretty too . 
  got ta love how that 's used as an excuse for '' `` patriot '' '' groups to not even use our national symbols though . 
  `` refinancing '' is the term you 're looking for , and it 's a staple of any country that issues debt . 
  yet another deep crisis . 
  but there 's little the current political environment could do to change that . 
  the debt % is the major concern here , and reducing it to more sustainable levels is a multi-decade effort - which is n't helped by 4 % interest rates . 
  but of course the odds of another crisis until then are high ... it 's almost a self defeating prophecy . 
  but our current course is a good start - probably the best we could possibly do . 
  every single sentence in the first paragraph is a lie . 
  * psst * and bring me 3 cartons of malrboros and a truckload of airsoft guns, 
  the evil [ empire of australia-hungary ] ( http://i.imgur.com/reupmcg.png ) . 
  it 's ironic you 'd mention that . 
  the pcp has always been as far away from realpolitik as possible - they 've always been extremely consistent with their views , to an extent that 's a point of praise recognized by the entire political spectrum . 
  and through 40 years of democracy and multiple minority socialist governments , they 've always refused any significant degree of cooperation . 
  the current situation was thus a complete surprise at the time , but they 've managed to both support a surprisingly rock-solid government and maintain their ideological independence . 
  in hindsight , it would seem to me , is my sparse knowledge of the german political system , that such a realpolitik solution would be far easier to achieve . 
  no , they 're not . 
  this false equivalence that any parties left of the major center-left party are comparable to extreme-right wing parties runs rampant in european center-right and right wing political discourse ( and that certainly applies here as well ) , as if their policies of most of them , like the ones you mentioned , were in any way comparable to the discriminatory and anti-democratic views espoused by the extreme right . 
  thankfully , at least here , this kind of discourse has mostly remained in the realm of party speakers , i really have n't seen the population at large , on any side of the spectrum , take it seriously . 
  we have a similar situation in portugal - while not part of the government , the communist party gives it parliamentary support . 
  it holds similar views on those issues and wants to exit the euro , but has not made those issues an interfering factor in governance . 
  our current pretender is ... meh . 
  i literally can not bring myself to give asingle work of criticism or praise for the man , such is his blandness . 
  i feel he 'd be an even blander cavaco silva , is such a thing was even possible . 
  well , aside from being from a banished absolutist royal branch that was brought back into the line by backdoor deals , but those are things for pretend royals to play around with in their ample spare time . 
  i 'd feel sorry for the bars . 
  little did we know dacia was our one hope for world peace . 
  they already took action against dutch cows - lets just hope they do n't go after milka cows . 
  according to my mom , it should have always been . 
  too violent for a six year old to not have to sneak around to the living room to watch . 
  even if subconsciously , i think more people on the center and left understand this more than you think - hell , more than we think too . 
  i believe it 's more of an issue of the positions being so far apart that debate becomes difficult , and an inability to compartmentalize . 
  i suffer from this myself - i recognize the factors listed in that excellent post , but still i struggle at understanding how the coalesce political position they form can be so easily accepted , and most importantly , how to debate with it , so removed it is from the democratic political spectrum we 've gotten used to debating with for the last half century . 
  the `` why '' is understood , it 's the `` how '' that 's lacking . 
  just as we refuse to view people as individuals and rather resort to the lowest common denominators shared between them , culture and religion , to analyze millions . 
  pro-islam comments on youtube ? 
  so sensitive we even choose banter over crying . 
  come on , is the birthplace of banter sinking so low they ca n't even join us on it ? 
  for the record , to dispel the myth were just sitting on the sidelines to profit ( and equally the myth salazar was some sort of genius for it ) portugal 's neutrality was in britain 's interest , and was very much supported by it . 
  the regime 's fascist tendencies would n't have precluded it from joining the war had britain requested it ( and portugal acquiesced to many other requests ) , but the fact is maintaining the status quo in iberia was in britain 's interest - it is quite likely spain would have joined the axis if that happened , outstripping any military contributions portugal could have provided , and not only giving hitler an ally , but also removing a thorn in his side ( there were plans to invade spain and the pyranean border was maintained ) . 
   shouted insults at garibaldi that 's ... daring . 
  props to him for not going for low hanging fruit , i guess . 
  i beg to differ . 
  turns out the earth did n't quite end there . 
  that 's a lot of adjectives there . 
  well , it just so happens the house took the chips from the first roll and ran away from vegas . 
  so basically like my old school while it was under deep renovation - except with less stink bomb terrorists . 
  not just non-europeans . 
  before these elections , i must confess the only names i 'd be able to recall on a minute 's notice would would be dijsselbloem ( and not for good reasons ) and for a few months now , wilders . 
  side note - the thumbnail looks like someone on fire bowing before batman . 
  to find that `` wordt '' is `` literally '' in dutch is oddly satisfying . 
  yes , you did . 
  it 's an absolute classic . 
  are n't american general election ballots already huge due to all the referendums and state and local elections that take place simultaneously ? 
  i agree with your point , but the physical size of the ballot probably wo n't be much of a surprise to them . 
  like a fish in water . 
  i know i 've stopped caring . 
  and i do n't know why keep giving these people , whoever they may be , the benefit or ethnicity or ideology . 
  i do n't care who they are , what they think or why they did this , i just want them thrown in a hole . 
  my masochism has gotten to a point where i ran a youtube comments page through google tr . 
  i need help . 
  i know it 's poor form , so apologies in advance . 
  but mind if i just tell pis do go fuck themselves ? 
  the premise under which scotland voted to remain in the uk have been dramatically altered against their will . 
  got the rug pulled under them . 
  democratically , but screwed regardless . 
  those are grounds for a new referendum . 
  and one whose intentions i 'd support this time . 
  my neighbor 's letting me use her 6 clotheslines in these sunny days . 
  i 'm literally rolling in dry laundry . 
  not enough gators and meth though . 
  sounds a lot like what i 've heard from spain - except the senior home buses also work in election day . 
  seems to me he 's speaking of individuals , rather than a collective - a perspective we ought to take more often . 
  i agree with the sentiment but i believe it should be subject to trial , not summary enactment . 
  burden of proof and attenuating circumstances should be considered insofar as they are to natives , as the possibility of deportation already places natives and immigrants on different stances before justice - which should be blind . 
  they 're on our soil , they follow our laws . 
  but we enact them equally , because that 's the very basis of our rule of law . 
  every point in those three sentences is a branching generalization . 
  yes , but they left a trail of skins behind . 
  that 's how they found them . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing of this point . 
  a bit of social hype might help get the gears rolling . 
  thank you , his subtlety was puzzling . 
  the `` republic of north macedonia '' proposal gets my vote , for inherently acknowledging the fact the macedonian region and cultural history is ( gasp ! ), 
  * shared * between fyrom and greece . 
  cool stock photo .
