  and i wo n't lie , it 's satisfying to let it out of my chest . 
  i 'm curious as well , but i 'm sure it 'd probably generate attrition anyway . 
  it 's very likely an entry-level exam , which is perfectly fine for what it is but woefully insufficient for a dane . 
  absolute gold . 
  sadly , i can never see those flying here . 
  too overt and morbid for more conservative tastes . 
  the best we had was [ a campaign for civic behavior in transport ] ( http://www.metrolisboa.pt/wp-content/uploads/comportamentos-metro.pdf ) ( `` bear '' being a mild synonym for a moron in this context ) . 
  i have heard the same from a spaniard friend of mine , of repeated accusations of money trails to podemos from iran or venezuela ; but in his account , it 's just the latest in a long string of iglesias-bashing by the media . 
  uh , what ? 
  one thing is to question the methods , the people , the organizations , and the facts on the ground . 
  all of them questionable . 
  but are you basically saying the very notion of an independent kurdistan is dumb and/or medieval in itself ? 
  it 's a nation whose identity did n't stop existing despite their borders did . 
  it 's no different than , say , poland . 
  i was responding to a silly hyperbole , and one set 100 years in the future at that . 
  for a serious answer : it 's silly to think there 'll ever be such a dramatic population explosion ( * if * it happens ) within europe without progressively higher degree of integration . 
  some argue that might lead to even stronger nation-within-nation communities ; i disagree . 
  the valid issue you do mention - saudi funding ( and others ) - will be impossible to ignore if and then . 
  i love my country , i love my people , i love my culture , and i love my language . 
  i define none of them by blood . 
  they could be acid spitting lizardmen with european values . 
  still game . 
  hell , for all we know , they probably are !, 
  in 100 years ? 
  with more * europeans * of a different ethnicity . 
  possibly the least believable claim they could possibly conjure up . 
  that is insufficient to qualify it as a working model for civilized nations . 
  unfortunately the patch deleted system32 . 
  [ the tr-125 was really cool , though ] ( http://imgur.com/a/webid ) . 
  really ? 
  considering our transation - two years of fascist and communist coups and counter-coups , six provisional governments , outright terrorism , bombs in party hqs , suggestions of executions in the bullfight arena , 1m returnees from africa , a crashing economy thanks to mass nationalizations and the unmasking of inbalances in the fascist economy model , and overall social upheaval that still has repercussions today * breathe * - i was always under the impression spain 's had been far smoother , with juan carlos basically pulling the biggest ruse of all time by simply saying `` yeah i 'll be a fascist '' before franco croaked . 
  question : how strong is the internal pp structure , sans rajoy ? 
  his very presence seems to be toxic and the main block against a possible coalition , as he is personally loathed beyond belief - and with good reason . 
  then again , his stepping back would be a huge admission of defeat by pp itself , i reckon . 
  they were were going by year , but went with caliber for the 125 for no reason . 
  dammit !, 
  we start planning for one prospection test off the coast , and this happens . 
  do n't forget the tr-125 , your attempt at a super t-72 . 
  i did because it 's a bullpup . 
  regretfully , it seems they 're a dying breed . 
  it is utterly hilarious seeing someone attempting an anti-regulation argument on the case that possibly prove the necessity of said regulation the most . 
  * first , stop bundling me with whatever movement or ideology you 're bundling me in . 
  i 'm my own person and i stand by my own ideas . 
  whatever side of the issue we stand on , it 's hard to argue there is a ludicrous degree of incompetence in the issue - though i would argue most of it is * by design * , as any well funded initiative seems to be shot down exactly because it would work . 
  but that incompetence is all that i 'll give you . 
  anyway , those numbers paint a wholly limited picture , for a variety of reasons . 
  for one , the migration flows to europe and to australia are of different nature and ( specially ) quantity ; there is some overlay in the afghanistan/pakistan region , but in any case australia 's shutdown would have only ensured migrants were redirected elsewhere - or to a shallow grave rather than a watery one . 
  you also argue those numbers are a result of european policy , where i believe its impact to be minimal . 
  unlike australia , europe is surrounded by conflict areas : all of mena , and ukraine . 
  and illude ourselves as we may , there simply are no other reliable havens in this entire area of the globe - the few that were so ( lebanon and jordan , mostly ) have been entirely overloaded . 
  merkel 's words may influence their intra-eu options , but the flows were always inevitable , one way or the other - the hungarian border is putting more boats ( back ) in the water than any other eu policy ever did . 
  and all i argue for is that we help the ones we can , the best we can , when can . 
  nothing more . 
  * of course * there 's legitimate arguments as to what that entails - and i 've * never * seen europeans underestimate our social and economic as much as in this issue . 
  * of course * there 's abuse - an inevitable consequence of our very abidal by humanitarian law . 
  and * of course * there 's security considerations to be had - and thankfully , our intelligence is catching up , with a large amount of the latter attacks being by identified extremists , with the blame lying square on an ineffective judiciary system . 
  and above all , there 's the purposefully incompetent mismanagement of the entire damn thing , born of political strife from all sides and the utter unwillingness of many to implement any sort of functioning system . \u00b4 but despite all that , we remain and * will remain * and unshakable world power with the capacity to provide asylum in an epoch of war and persecution . 
  rescuing stranded ships is literally the least we can do . 
  lastly , that kind of narrative is an afterthought . 
  it * is * born of scornful neglect , just a way to rationalize it . 
  hard to buy anyone caring about who or how many end up at the bottom of the ocean when zero value is placed on them regardless . 
  i suppose deaths on the med are more impactful than across it . 
  well ... yes ? 
  that goes without saying . 
  no , it is n't . 
  and yet ask the same of gaddafi these days ... 
  except , well , those who actually would be intent on that . 
  those kind of collective `` people '' epithets just ... make no sense anymore . 
  the idea of enforcing women to cover themselves has no place in europe , but that has nothing to do with a piece of cloth , rather the underlying conditions that would force them to wear it against their will . 
  muslim women in europe can , by our values , wear whatever the hell they want . 
  any coercion has to be tackled then and there and not in her wardrobe . 
  well , * actually * good reasons . 
  you know , i somehow do n't think we need to delve into religion to find good reasons for a mob to whack gaddafi . 
  and boat registry number . 
  they do n't care . 
  they . 
  not . 
  care . 
  these people lose their hopes , dreams and lives , drown , get butchered by a trafficker - what-fucking-ever . 
  anything goes so long as they do n't make it to europe and they do n't distract us from arguing what 's the best brand of aquavit with their plight . 
  the lives of anyone south ( or east ) of the med are simply worth zero to a large number of europeans . 
  and the rest are just moralistic feel-gooders . 
  apparently . 
  europe may be disunited in economy , in politics , in culture even , but it 's far , far more resilient than most of give it credit for . 
  whatever happens , absolutely whatever happens , we will come out of it a world leading power , as we were and as we are - nothing will destroy us . 
  if only more could realize that ... 
  there was no government before either ; just a funny man in a brown rug . 
  getting frankly sick of the dictatorship apology . 
  just about every post reminds me of that these days ... 
  do n't do this , iceland . 
  we do n't want to bring [ this wanker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15jocwpyyk8 ) out again . 
  wow , you just increased diversity within v4 !, 
  you actually are right , though . 
  large numbers of decade-old immigrants were pro-brexit , for very much the same reasons as the rest of the leavers - that 's how well they integrated , even if brexiters themselves do n't see them as such . 
  a similar , more familiar case to me was [ switzerland 's immigration referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_immigration_referendum,_february_2014 ) ; it was widdely reported in portuguese media that many of the large portuguese community in switzerland were voting for the bills because they `` did n't like the ones arriving now '' , `` they do n't want to work '' , there 's too many '' , etc. 
  the same people who were looked down by swiss hardliners and whose brethren might face the consequences of it . 
  i would honestly not be surprised to see the mena communities in a few years protesting against new arrivals , even of their own . 
  people , specially here , give too much credit and relevance to ethnicity . 
  assumptions , assumptions . 
  ... was that a bollard they threw ?
