  let 's save guilt to the guilty . 
  that 's why we have police , intelligence , and justice systems . 
  i can give you some perspective here . 
  i live in the remnants of [ casal ventoso ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqiuu80w60m ) , an infamous neighborhood/semi-developed shantytown in lisbon that was known as `` europe 's alrgest drug supermarket '' . 
  i was too young to remember most of it , but i do have some scenes burned in my mind . 
  abject squalor like i 've never seen my life , at least in person , just a couple of blocks away from home . 
  the shantytown part of it was razed to the ground around the same time the decriminalization came into play - which involved basically leveling the entire hill . 
  my street currently sits as its last remnant , trailing up the hill lodged between the now barren lower slope , and the cliff up the graveyard at the top of the hill . 
  razing casal ventoso was n't just a typical shantytown razing - it was seen as needed in itself to end the blight . 
  scorched earth , if you will . 
  and ... it kind of worked . 
  along with the with legislation ( which i fully agree with it ) the scenes i witness as a child kind of disappeared from sight . 
  but not entirely from existence . 
  the corner trade continues , if far abated from those days . 
  tinted window german saloons drive by at night . 
  and where i 'm finishing my masters , every single kid i can recall playing hide and seek with is now either in the trade , or in jail . 
  and if it were n't for my parents ' dutifulness i might have followed suit . 
  by and large , the measures work . 
  addicts are treated as someone in need of help , not a criminal - and more than the decriminalization , this is by far the most import factor . 
  we 're in the right path . 
  but these measures will never solve the drug issues alone , if they can ever be solved . 
  drug use and hiv transmission rates remain high . 
  heroin is king . 
  needle exchange programs were cancelled during our bailout . 
  and the trade , and the demand , remains in place . 
  decriminalization is the way to go , but it 's irrelevant , and perhaps even harmful on its own . 
  the world needs wholesome proposals , not these `` portugal solved everything '' memes that pop up every now and then . 
  ironically , this guy reminds me of the drug dealers up my street . 
  you 'd be surprised at how necessary that is these days . 
  well , let 's hope that continues to be so . 
  yeah , they 've done their part . 
  guess they can take a break from it . 
  you do know the orcs are the bad guys , right ? 
  right . 
  it 's as i hear every single time - every separatist/nationalist kurdish organization in the public light , in turkey , syria , iraq , iran , or abroad , is actually pkk in disguise . 
  every single one of them . 
  it 's a masterful strategy , really - it denies ( or at least attempts to ) any legitimacy to any organization who defends a kurdish nation , and thus no representation . 
  who needs to take kurdish nationalism into consideration when they 're all terrorists ? 
  `` ghettofication '' is indeed absolutely the worst possible obstacle to the integration of any foreign community . 
  most simply by the natural linguistic and cultural comfort , others by peer pressure , the individuals in those communities will simply keep to themselves , not interacting with the country 's population , and thus remaining foreign to them for years or decades - and vice-versa . 
  a recipe for disaster . 
  and yet , that 's exactly what we 're seeing . 
  the current high political and societal against refugee and migrant intake in many countries , let alone talks of proper national ( and * regional * , deeply so ) redistribution is effectively making those ghettos unavoidable among those already here , in the ports of arrival , france and germany . 
  and then we look at the riots , the crime , the horrible mismanagement of the resources that * are * allotted , the fires , all at least in part consequence of the bundling up of them and all inevitably blamed on the lot rather than the guilty individuals , and we understandably see those countries wanting none of it . 
  it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  kinda . 
  i imagine that 's orb\u00e1n 's maiden name ^ ^ ^ probably . 
  thank you for the thorough account . 
  more and more i see gaddafi apologists coming out of the woodwork and saying we should have supported him ; it 's refreshing to see some of us can maintain clarity despite the refugee crisis . 
  one yellow card was issued . 
  i told you needed something stronger to hold hofner 's brain in his head . 
  `` our oppression is better . '', 
  it 's rarely divulged - i only heard of it through the local commentary team . 
  he 's won stages in the tour of the basque country standing in the podium with local hats , and rides for movistar , who only allows an absolutely pitiful stripe for their national champion jerseys instead of the proper full jersey - which is probably insulting for a nationalist . 
  so he 's certainly a pragmatist . 
  his sparky relationship ( or lack thereof ) with basque teammates is what caused it to be divulged . 
  yesterday , a rider in the vuelta took a major tumble , broke a leg . 
  he happens to be the spanish national champion , and thus rides with the national colors in his jersey . 
  he happens to be a falangist . 
  i 'm on the fence on this . 
  there 's obviously potential ( certainly effected ) for deceit here . 
  and yet , at the same time , a migrant returning to a safe ( ish ) area of their homeland for a short visit seems absolutely normal for me . 
  home is where the heart is , afterall ; and even if local conditions make continued residence untenable , no amount of strife will change that sentiment for many . 
  just a side note for my personal opinion , with the disclaimer i have a national bias . 
  this is bullshit . 
  the un secretary-general wo n't ever be a democratically elected position , but it must be recognized there was , at least , an attempt . 
  the candidates presented themselves well in advance , there were public interviews and debates , and though technically secret the unsc votes were leaked pretty much immediately . 
  if not a democratic process , these elements at least introduce something resembling a campaign and consequently , a level of public accountability . 
  a new candidate - hell , a * substitute * candidate , given bulgaria already nominated a female , highly qualified diplomat of their own - would quite simply throw the improvements to the process out the window . 
  all for the sake of enforcing a notion of what the next secretary-general should be , despite the fact highly competent candidates fitting that bill are already in the race , if not in the lead . 
  because that lead should not be decreed . 
  which is a shame , because while i find bullfighting proper to be loathsome , i love forcados . 
  yet they 've always been and always will be secondary thanks to the powers that be , and if and when bullfighting goes , so will they . 
  i can only see two ways out of this : either pp + ciudadanos manage to form a majority ( with some extra support perhaps ) , or rajoy gets out - his very existence is toxic in spanish politics . 
  i can see psoe acquiescing to a pp government without him , but never , ever with . 
  well , or rivera buries his hatchet against iglesias and we get an opposition solution , but we know that wo n't happen . 
  with mouths full of potatoes , i hear . 
  not only scrapping daylight savings , but staying in `` dst '' forever . 
  yes , please . 
  we experimented that once in portugal in the 90 's - was scrapped after a year because the sun was only rising at 8am in december . 
  to which i say ... so what . 
  that 's far better than being stuck in traffic in broad daylight at 7:30 , and getting off of work at 5:30 in the dead of night . 
  it 's interesting to watch the great war channel using the names in use at the time - recognized them immediately ( well , lemberg rather than lw\u00f3w ) . 
  also kovno . 
  history lives on . 
  rights of blood . 
  as if our world is n't corrupted by birthrights of individuals over others enough already . 
  i support the concept but the political push being made for it right now seems nothing short of an expanded v4 army . 
  `` there are many cultures , but only one civilization , the european one '' - mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk it 's an exaggerated quote , and in particular ignores ancient far east cultures , but one that surmises my thoughts perfectly . 
  i share the sentiment , and , in particular , i share the tiered approach . 
  cultural values and civilizational values . 
  most people just see them as one and the same , and granted , even if separated , there is overlap . 
  but they * are * different , and europe is proof of that . 
  there is no such thing as a `` european culture '' ( yet ; the `` erasmus generation '' may change that ) , but rather dozens of different european cultures . 
  and yet , above them , and regardless of them , there are civilizational values we all share . 
  it is my belief this approach can work with all cultures . 
  that there are civilizational values we will not yield under * any * circumstances ; and if any overlapping element of any culture goes contrary to them , though luck , those elements must be yield to ours . 
  but given that , all cultures can fit . 
  whether or not they do is not a matter of execution and commitment , not of possibility . 
  consider this my manifesto for future political discussion .
