  holy shit . 
  refugees are the new obama . 
  wish it was as funny . 
  inflammatory to whom , the habsburgs ? 
  the article starts with `` one in seven '' ... bit of an inappropriate title . 
  still , not an acceptable situation . 
  this is a mentality issue and that 's how it needs to be addressed : it needs to be shown that as far as refugee security is concerned , the eu is one , and they are safe wherever they may be relocated . 
  in theory , at least ... 
  no , i 'd rather see us undertake action that aid the situation of both the arrivals and the situation in the middle east to ( within reason ) the best of our economic , social and political strength - all of which are being * woefully * underestimated ( seriously , side note , just how * weak * do we assume ourselves to be ? 
  ) , which is where i suppose we disagree . 
  and all of which requires a bit more thought than chain link . 
  specifically in this case , we need filters , not walls ; and as much as chain link might look capable of that , we humans are sadly incapable of osmosis at a macroscopic level . 
  that there 's a problem out there , i 'm not saying anyone ignores that . 
  i 'm saying building devices with the explicit purpose of permitting willing ignorance is exactly the same . 
  in essence , being careful and thoughtful enough to build a pen before we bury our head in the sand . 
  the right to not give a fuck is a right that does not exist . 
  as much as i 'd support this idea , these calls are dangerous . 
  v4 leaders have been making repeated claims for it the last few months , and i 'm thoroughly convinced it comes not as honest belief in the concept of an eu army but as another tool for their agenda . 
  makes me wonder how much they want a eu army and not just a v4 army . 
  you 'll take our facts and you 'll take our waves and you 'll like it . 
  that broken cross is a hell of a picture . 
  [ how many golf courses are there ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/0ujpmt5noto?t=7m33s ), 
  i can only assume it 's standard procedure for crowd control - i see it often when police escort away team ultras in football matches . 
  it 's not as if the police is just gon na leave their van behind anyway . 
  never give up your dreams , eesti !, 
  tunnel your way into nordic !, 
  western spy !, 
  it 's interesting to see the opposite reaction in the rest of the former soviet sphere , though . 
  that empathy certainly does n't extend to other , equally formerly oppressed european nations . 
  perhaps it 's due to the ddrs particular circumstances , with the wall being * right there * , separating them from their own kind , and then their ( relatively ) rapid integration into a heavily westernized nation , where virulent nationalism was simply not needed as the existence of germany was well assured . 
  i look at the rest of eastern europe , former net refugee exporters , now with their hard earned and fought full independence , and their utmost resolve to retain it resulting in a bit of the boy who cried wolf ... in nations surrounded by wolves . 
  god help you if you 're a wolf , and god help you if you are n't . 
   that would be huge violation of freedom of speech . 
  you do n't need a degree to preach , that 's insane . 
  [ that is the case within the catholic church ] ( https://youtu.be/kf8i_r9xt7a?t=43s ) , though . 
  of course , other christian denominations are n't banned for not following the same requirements , but that 's made catholicism no less popular . 
  and in this case , it 'd give authorities a pretty good idea of who to monitor . 
  she could have named it commonwealth , but ... nah . 
  or a vengeful french count . 
  he has - check out his review of the bmw i8 . 
  something something sykes-picot . 
  very much true , but with the caveat the constitution of pakistan holds zero religious worth on the world stage . 
  they can bitch and moan and deprive ahmadis of all civil rights inside their borders , but a national authority holds no more power in religious matters than that . 
  they simply do n't get to dictate , at a purely religious and universal level , who 's a muslim and who is n't . 
   islam in its true form it 's funny . 
  ahmadiyyas rally to oppose terror and stand for peace , people call them fake muslims . 
  wahhabi sectarian fiends terrorize both the muslim world and ours , and are recognized as `` true muslims '' by europeans . 
  political exploitation - and self-fulfilling prophecies - at its finest . 
  because low manpower cost is the one thing driving the hungarian economy forward . 
  and raises are long overdue . 
  it 's a wage bubble . 
  fond memories of power . 
  nothing more . 
  '' ... blazing it . '', 
   they do n't close the border to refugees who follow the proper asylum-seeking process is n't that literally what that poster says , though ? 
  that even legitimate refugees will not be resettled in australia . 
  that flyer still gives me the creeps . 
  looks like a prop from district 9 . 
  i wonder if i 'm missing something here , if `` make home '' refers to the naval expression of arriving in port , or literally `` australia will not be your home '' as it seems to be . 
  yay , i sure would like our country to be even more irrelevant . 
  we 're all going to die, 
  i would be mindful of appeasing turkey 's `` usefulness '' . 
  a good part of why mena 's in the state it is is the west 's ( former ) support for `` useful '' people . 
  i know it 's yahoo , [ but i 'll link their article on it ] ( http://sports.yahoo.com/news/michael-conlan-launches-incredible-profanity-laced-rant-at--corrupt--olympic-chiefs-161308430.html ) because they feature a full transcript , which , to be fully honest , i needed . 
  i found myself completely unable to get through his accent . 
  yeah ... my bad . 
  just did n't have much else to say i suppose . 
  the arrests . 
  the fact they got the bastards . 
  the fact that we can pin down the guilt to lawbreaking , despicable individuals rather than a nebulous `` oh it was a mob '' . 
  good . 
  just hope the courts can do their job properly without yielding to pressures . 
  i disagree entirely . 
  how is the choice of attire ( again , in cases it is a choice ) a provocation of our culture ? 
  it 's not as if they 're wearing muslim articles of clothing thinking `` yeah , that 'll show those europeans '' . 
  there 's no message in it , it 's just a piece of cloth they 're comfortable with . 
  it 's only provocative of our values when it 's imposed upon someone . 
   o follamos todos o la puta al rio you have my gratitude for teaching me this absolute gem of the spanish language . 
  i 'm in stitches right now . 
  it 's a complicated matter . 
  the fact is there are plenty of muslim women in the west who choose , of their own volition , to cover themselves - it 's in increasing trend . 
  i do n't support the concept , but if it 's voluntary and not enforced by men/the community , then it 's fine . 
  but of course many women are forced to cover themselves against their will . 
  how do you prevent that while maintaining the freedom of those who choose to do so ? 
  i sure do n't have an answer ... 
  the beautiful atlantic coasts of alentejo and algarve . 
  the south coast beaches of the latter get all the hype , but they 're quite overcrowded , basically a british colony at this point . 
  even cameron went there yearly to assert sovereignty . 
  [ yes , we work . 
  ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/article/the-european-workers-who-work-the-longest-hours--xycgvdq36g ) and for americans : no , we 're not part of spain , and we do n't speak spanish either ( though we can sure understand them a lot better than the other way around ) . 
  `` it stinks and you ca n't understand a thing of their accent '' - mate from le\u00f3n, 
  i 'm aware . 
  i just find it outstanding how we live in a world where that has now become a reality . 
  you heard wrong . 
  following the coup in turkey live as unfolded was frankly exhilarating . 
  and then it was just sad . 
  jesus , i really got ta lose some weight then . 
  it 's like the office coffee pot : whoever was last gets stuck with it . 
  gaddafi was going one way or the other .
