  it is much the same here , though i 've found we can understand you guys better than the other way around . 
  could simply be a linguistics quirk - there is such a thing as one-way intelligibility . 
  i wish i had formal training , though - my high school only offered french and german as third languages , and my french is long gone . 
  it would have been useful to properly report that my rental car got its tires slashed in le\u00f3n , instead of leading the cops to thing it got stolen ... 
  and we got some japanese culture on top of it !, 
  i 'm guilty of it too . 
  [ i thought that was no longer the case ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m5x8czd.png ), 
  well , we just need to switch to democra - wait , shit . 
  let 's start not leading them as much th - wait , shit , wrong film . 
  damn . 
  sorry for ruining your evening ... 
  [ a local example from last year ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvezwvoli1c ) . 
  kurdish owner fending off against an early morning `` munchies raid '' . 
  i do n't think that many people disagree . 
  we just wish his policies came from a bit further up his body . 
  let 's not forget france is engaged in syria and iraq . 
  an effort i absolutely support , however , but i simply do n't understand how the concept of `` you bomb , you take refugees '' is n't accepted , or even talked about . 
  are demographics a significant issue in france ? 
  seems strange , considering it 's the only country in europe which * does n't * have a threateningly low fertility rate . 
   this i agree with but the left would immediately call that racist and raise hell . 
  that said there are programs that are trying to deal with that . 
  i do n't think anyones does n't recognize this as an issue . 
  the rift lies between those see islam as a whole as a cancer and a security threat , and those who do n't . 
  if anything , those who do n't ( of which i 'm one ) are the first to recognize radicalisation as an issue , as the true cause of terrorism . 
  can not possibly recommend capit\u00e3es de abril enough . 
  and particularly on topic , it 's a portuguese-french-italian collaboration . 
  i dunno about republicans as a whole , but mccain for one sure is n't gon na take his crap . 
  it probably has , but not here . 
  let 's just assume the best for today , send this shitty year off in a good way . 
  the use of `` cuck '' as a political insult is one of the most absurd things i could ever fathom . 
  it says something about their confidence as men ( or in their wives ) if they think that 's what happens when non-caucasians are around . 
   to be fair , the labels ` far-right ' , ` nazi ' and ` fascist ' are thrown around like shit in a monkey enclosure . 
  truth is i 've far more often seen those labels used in quotes along these lines than actually being thrown at people . 
  goodwin-baiting , if you will . 
  i 've no doubt such people are out there , but that surely does n't seem the current trend . 
  an ardent democrat who gave his all against internal and external forces , in an age such a thing was n't even fathomed in the middle east . 
  what i would n't give for a couple more like him . 
  an american i discussed with before ghaddafi 's demise said , in plain words , that the west should have supported him because the suppression of any radicals in libya was more than worth the suppression of the rest of the libyan population . 
  and if anything , this sort of sentiments has only increased . 
  the apology of tyrants is nothing if not disgusting . 
  we must defend our interests , but not at the cost of subjugating entire countries under an useful idiot 's will . 
  no , it would just make it less publicized . 
  `` disappearances '' do n't make the headlines . 
  ladies and gentlemen , i present to you the 16th century . 
  eritrea and gambia in the top 3 ? 
  they 're relatively small countries , particularly the gambia at 1.8 m - that 's a very high per capita number . 
  eritrea is n't so much of a surprise though , being almost the north korea of africa , but it says something about the conditions in those countries . 
  does n't help there 's about 20 empty cubicles at the office . 
  there 's a not-so-small part of me screaming bloody rampage every time i see one of the new `` delta `` s. 
  no , rather the lack of it is the noose by which we hang others because they displease us . 
  or * hanged * , rather , in the west 's case . 
  slightly . 
  the british museum is basically an active crime scene . 
   in their eyes poland is one of the last bastion of european culture free of liberal propaganda . 
  what 's strange here is the forces that have for centuries either besieged or occupied poland were authoritarian , rather than liberal . 
  the nationalism is more than understandable , but it 's strange it 'll lean that way . 
  the albanian case got me thinking . 
  is escaping from blood feuds a valid reason for asylum ? 
  i believe so , because clearly they happen , but would a european host country acknowledge the incompetence of another european country to stop it ? 
  signed , russia , germany and austria about poland , circa the 18th century . 
  ukraine : `` it 's all about u '' . 
  first , terrible . 
  second , goddamnit , now i have that terrible korean air commercial stuck in my head . 
  everyone has inner demons . 
  we 've just been fighting them better for the last 50 years than anyone else . 
  we just got ta keep on it . 
  though i absolutely should not at this point , i am still taken aback by the sheer , unbridled , immeasurable hubris of the israeli institutions on this matter . 
  the word of the world * fucking matters * . 
  the secret services are n't the problem at this point . 
  despite the initial mayhem and the legitimate constraints they are ( and should be ) subjected to , they caught up . 
  the vast majority of terror attacks and foiled plots as of late has come from individuals that were previously identified and tracked . 
  it 's the thing that infuriates me the most about the entire crisis . 
  we * are * being able to sort them out , to separate the wheat from the chaff . 
  it 's what everyone on every side ever wanted - left and right , europeans and refugees . 
  but our judiciary is simply utterly unable to act upon that information provided . 
  and so radicalized islamists roam free , europeans die , and refugees suffer . 
  acting upon that information alone would solve the vast majority of this crisis . 
  i only hope it does n't take any more bodies for that . 
  is this like the portuguese version of hostel ? 
  the man 's an educational genius . 
  he just doubled the average number of languages spoken by moldavians overnight !, 
  you could easily extend that argument to every other international language , really . 
  so long as the divergence is small enough to be considered the same language , just as original name is only retained for historical reasons , they 'd really only be changed for nationalistic ones . 
  otherwise , i could just say i speak latin . 
  a very late vulgar latin . 
  a good effort . 
  i will not comment on the results or methodology as i lack the knowledge to critique them , but any unbiased effort towards clarification is to be commended . 
  i can only hope that on the medium-long term , the current political situation can shake its seemingly increasing numbness to statistical analysis , at least at a macro scale - and efforts like yours will , in fact , matter , and stand above personal opinions and micro scale data or events . 
  [ they 've got a few more things to block , too ] ( https://twitter.com/bjoernstritzel/status/812725734938734592 ) ... 
  the eu already has an excellent bureau doing the same work for false eu-related news . 
  sadly , their work is completely ignored and they end up ultimately being useless . 
  the same fate 's likely to befall this effort . 
  never heard anything of the such . 
  and i 'll even add that as much i would have liked to see bin laden tried for his crimes , it 's better that he was just killed instead , as the us are completely incapable of bringing terrorists to trial . 
  they just flashed a green flag at the door . 
  that 's definitely the case . 
  i mean , what else were you doing other than comparing war to terrorism ? 
  or characteristics of them , at least . 
  not ideologically , but there 's no shortage of those who think helping to remove him was a mistake - ignoring exactly who they 're talking about . 
  we will not break .
