  isis will . 
  it is that simple . 
  of all the attitudes and reactions to those who seek to destroy our way of life and the tragedies they inflict on us , this is by far the best , and the bravest . 
  bravo . 
  his son is called hannibal ? 
  i guess it 's okay to call my son viriato now . 
  i really have no idea how we 've seem to have become the ultimate authority in the quran , * and * how we 've chosen to name as `` good '' or `` true '' muslims the ones that are against us . 
  it 's almost nihilistic . 
  i sincerely hope you 're not arguing being at risk of terror attacks is worse than being trapped in a warzone . 
  we prefer our memes to actually be funny . 
  indeed . 
  even though it 's not the first time i see it , the suddenness and relative uneventfulness of it always shocks me somewhat . 
  bang . 
  dead . 
  not much blood , no flying bodies , just a person dropping dead . 
  is he , though ? 
  there was a takbir in here , but most of the shouting seems focused on aleppo and the russian intervention rather than your typical wide-reaching jihadi grumble . 
  guess we wo n't know for a few days until they comb through the assassin 's life . 
  perhaps because back then it was simply * understood * that the likelihood of getting caught in one of those terrorist attacks was as low as it was . 
  fast forward 20 years , add social media , post-truth politics and social panic as a valuable commodity , and we find the basic laws of probability being something that needs reminding of . 
  pascal , we have failed you . 
  a positive measure , though the enforcement of fines is frankly unfeasible . 
  it is worth giving thought to the perceived syrian bias , though . 
  no doubt there 'll always be economic migrants passing off as syrians , but is is abnormal for potential legitimate refugees to be passing off as such to boost their chances . 
  i. . . what ? 
  i 'm sorry , how does that fit into anything i said ? 
  amen . 
  the italian coast guard are doing a phenomenal job despite the huge strain , lack of funding and political pressure from all sides to do more ( or less ) , and are deserving of the highest praise . 
  as for humanitarian labor , well ... there was an interview on tv with a local homeless beggar some years ago , and one comment that was burned in my mind was that poor people always gave her money , however little , which those better off would simply ignore her . 
  the south european current humanitarian efforts despite their own issues remind me of that . 
  sch\u00e4uble might be a europeanist , but only if it 's * his * europe . 
  i wholeheartedly believe him to be the most dangerous relevant political figure in europe , and sadly , merkel seems to be his only check . 
  jesus , that label sounds straight out of soviet propaganda . 
  can i cross you ? 
  they used the ancient definition of europe . 
  [ not anymore ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_exclusion_act ) . 
  to be fair i 've never heard that claim in a non-sarcastic manner . 
  it frankly does n't really matter if it was or not , right now . 
  the consequences must be fought all the same . 
   the f-35 gets fat shamed a lot because the f-35a does n't get enough rep. 
  even though it 's model that 'll probably be the best seller , most media i find features the b or c. i frankly disliked the f-35 a lot before i saw a galler of the a from some absolutely gorgeous angles . 
  ... and does the shit they did , then i do n't much care if it 's a human or a duck under that stupid black hoodie . 
  i know , i know ... one day i 'll be able to just ignore it . 
   lmao cmon man the `` if '' crap doesnt work in the real world but that 's exactly what you 're doing by assuming europe would have been conquered if tours was lost . 
  the consequences of the battle are discussed by historians to this day . 
  let them do their job . 
  under no feasible scenario would the umayyads been able top push through europe ; even if they had won , they would have remained far outnumbered by christian forces , and any further advanced in france would have been marginal . 
  the true consequences of martel 's defeat ( assuming death ) would have been what he * would n't * have done after the battle - unify the franks , and be the father of pepin and grandfather of charlemagne , - the fathers of europe as we know it today . 
  here 's [ a analysis of the subject ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye4vsihbacm ) . 
  it 's a shame , because it frankly ( hah ) detracts from his true achievements . 
  who cares about the tactics he employed , the immediate geopolitical consequences of his victory , or his reign beyond the battle : all that matters is he kept the mooslims out . 
  quite true , but i do still have to agree with the poster above . 
  i was frankly a bit appalled the first time i heard a speech of his on youtube - almost shocked a man who spoke so poorly and felt more distanced from the listener than anyone else who ever stood behind a microphone could have ruled for so long . 
  the tv stations could have at least learned not to directly copy dumb tv formats from the uk from that idiotic debacle . 
  10 years and many sunday nights later ... 
  the rest of his legacy is debated elsewhere in this thread , but  he avoided ww2 i want to refute this . 
  i * do * believe that given the circumstances , he negotiated portugal 's stance quite well . 
  but it was n't because of him we remained neutral . 
  i do believe that had britain activated our alliance during the blitz , we would have obliged - it falls squarely in the treaty 's parameters , and we abided by all other of their requests . 
  but they never called upon portugal to join the war , even in their direst moment where they were alone in europe against the nazis . 
  the reason is simple : spain . 
  it 's very likely our entry in the war in the allied side would have thrown spain heart and soul into the axis . 
  avoiding that was far more valuable than any military value portugal 's forces might add . 
  thankfully for us , the uk ( and the rest of the world , really ) had the foresight to predict that , and we were spared from devastation . 
   everyone calm down , it is not the first time weapons are stolen from military bases here in portugal . 
  a few years ago some g36s and mp7s got stolen from the fuzileiros base in alfeite . 
  low number , 7 i think . 
  which made me burst into laughter because i believe that 's about the number that was on display when i went there for the national defense day - they stole the goddamn display guns ( probably ) . 
  i 'd probably die from the smell before the heat . 
  just the thought of smelling blazing hot seat fabric ever again gives me gags . 
  the moscow ibc . 
  interesting enough , i first learned of it [ through a video game ] ( https://youtu.be/d-ho1vyjti8?t=54s ) it had a brief but notable appearance in . 
  well , actually , a mission such as this actually serves as a interesting manner to present a city , if unintentionally . 
  * good * bbc breaking news ? 
  what kind of timeline is this ? 
  almost 900 years later and anyone south of the tagus still gets called a `` moor '' by northerners from time to time . 
  all in jest , of course . 
  in legal parlance , that 's called [ parallel construction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parallel_construction ) . 
  strike 2 . 
  all you 're doing is taking advantage of a despicable attack on innocent tourists by a non-european organization to push a restrictive agenda * in * europe . 
  jesus christ , it 's not like you lack actual home-bred jihadist terrorist attacks in europe to base your argument in , and it 'd still be flawed as proven by the data presented in this very thread , but at least it 'd be relevant to europe . 
  why are you insisting on this particular attack , whose every aspect ( highly-organized attacked by a foreign trained operative , non-european targets in european soil , targeting in general , shia terrorism ) makes it a complete outlier relative to every other jihadist terrorist attack in europe in the last few years ? 
  cool bait . 
  it was a targeted attack by hezbollah . 
  they are to blame . 
  what i 'm simply stating is that it was a targeted attack by a foreign terrorist on non-bulgarians . 
  both the perpetrator and the victims were visitors to the country , and thus it not the result of any terrorist activity * brewed in * bulgaria - the fact it occurred there was a case of mere opportunity by the terrorist . 
  security forces should take lessons from it , but the country itself was entirely accessory to the attack . 
  the death toll is what 's most outstanding here , though . 
  fires of this severity are nothing new , almost routine every few years . 
  but the death toll rarely goes beyond one or two elders caught in nearly abandoned villages or a firefighter - though that 's still regrettable . 
  it 's the sheer number of casualties that 's a shock here . 
  everyone has been taken aback , none of us have seen anything like this in our lives . 
  the bulgarian bombing was a target of opportunity against israeli citizens , nothing to do with the country itself . 
  none . 
  a good part why we 're ranked as [ the third most peaceful country in the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_peace_index#global_peace_index_rankings ) currently . 
  in detail : jihadis are non-exitant , our muslim community is very well integrated , for the most part non-arab ( mostly from our former colonies and south asia ) , and the few refugees we 've received are spread through the country and under a good social net ( our grassroots refugee support network is truly outstanding and an example ; if only most of them did n't simply run to germany ) ; the extreme left-wing 's been part of the political system and non-violent for decades ; our extreme right-wing 's too small and pathetic ; and the only separatist threat we have is alberto jo\u00e3o jardim , madeira 's historical president , being [ anywhere near a camera again ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_l2juyrjkux8/tqqap-dte1i/aaaaaaaabss/91mlekoyaie/s1600/ajj.jpg ) . 
  [ nsfw ], 
  the tavor is a sort of renaissance of the bullpup . 
  its design was chosen much for the same reason as 70 's bullpups - compact design for armored vehicle transport , something that 's not a particular concept for most armies today but remains crucial for the idf .
