well ... we survived bush . 
  10-15 years ago , local cable channels were an absolute minority - 10 % at best . 
  these days most have local versions or feeds , but we still have a high number of foreign , untouched channels , though american ones are in the minority there now . 
  i rarely watch any of them , but they 're still useful - for example , for being able to watch the us presidential debates without live translation . 
  doraemon provided us portuguese kids with a uniquely educational experience , as we had the spanish dub subbed in portuguese . 
  so effectively , we were gaining a degree of experience in three languages at once ( with japanese signage and culture and whatnot ) . 
  for those of us lucky enough to have cable back then , cartoon network was fully in english - not even subbed . 
  in fact , that only changed a year or two ago . 
  when did it ever become that ? 
  i 'd argue it became the opposite at times , and still does on hungarian matters , but i feel the sub 's pretty balanced ( if only in the presence of both extremes ) otherwise these days . 
  the next un secretary general will be someone with extensive field experience in the world 's current foremost international crisis , rather than someone who spouts political bullcrap one way or the other . 
  i guess you 'd prefer a useful idiot . 
  i wo n't lie , i 'm quite happy to see bokova doing better than georgieva - a display bulgaria 's treachery did not fall well with , well , the world . 
  what do you mean , not everything can or should be compressed to a soundbyte ? 
  what 's an incredible twist of fate is there was a chance of those exact same events to happen , but with pp . 
  specially the leadership feud , as rajoy is far more toxic to any political negotiation than s\u00e1nchez . 
  there 's a name for such commodities : [ veblen goods ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veblen_good ) . 
  and another bullpup bits the dust . 
  a dying breed ... 
  yes there is . 
  we have a stake in its development and factories in the country , and - though source conflict on this - we have six on order . 
  that 's the thing , unlike the previous ones this election attempted to have some level of public accountability , by the un 's own initiative . 
  and i 'd say so far , it succeeded . 
  the were public interviews , the debates , the straw polls whose results were known right away , and the public highlight on the candidates befitting of a proper campaign has given a level of transparency basically unseen in the un , ever . 
  it 's one thing to be secretive and have everything be sorted out behind closed doors from the start . 
  it 's a different one altogether to have an appearance of a public , accountable process , and then throw it out the window at the last minute . 
  disclaimer : i have a national bias , but i regardless hold the following to be true . 
  this is * bullshit * . 
  the un secretary-general wo n't ever be a democratically elected position , but it must be recognized there was , at least , an attempt . 
  the candidates presented themselves well in advance , there were public interviews and debates , and though technically secret the unsc votes were leaked pretty much immediately . 
  if not a democratic process , these elements at least introduce something resembling a campaign and consequently , a level of public accountability . 
  we 've had all the candidates run the gauntlet . 
  except her . 
  a new candidate - hell , a * substitute * candidate , throwing bokova under the bus because apparently she was n't enough of a bulgarian , female , highly qualified diplomat - would quite simply throw the improvements to the process out the window if she succeeds . 
  all for the sake of enforcing a notion of what the next secretary-general should be , despite the fact highly competent candidates fitting that bill are already in the race , if not in the lead . 
  because that lead should not be decreed . 
  if she wins , the un is dead . 
  it 's solid aircraft , but it 's not without its problems . 
  the airframe itself is great , but tt has had a lot of teething issues - it rolled off the factories far too early imo - and the first tranches are basically exclusively air defense fighters . 
  with later tranches and software upgrades , it 's becoming an ever better and more versatile aircraft . 
  critically , it 's still missing it 's caesar aesa radar , operational meteor missile integration ( already achieved by the gripen ) , and its strike capabilities still lag behind those of its competitors . 
  still , it 's one of the best air superiority fighters in the world . 
  idiots do n't have the privilege of ideology . 
  [ time to dive into the fireworks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1fewsxw3uu ) !, 
  maybe [ it was an accident ] ( https://youtu.be/4xyerxqfg_u?t=2m50s ) . 
  argentina : trying to set a distance record for anschluss since the 1950s . 
  i 'd be more worried about jeremi\u0107 , might be russia 's ace in the hole . 
  beyond that or any other surprise veto , most current opposition to guterres has be thoroughly beaten . 
  the man 's just a league above . 
  i do say `` current '' , though , because of the rumors kristalina georgieva might advance . 
  i do sincerely hope that does n't come to pass , because it 'd mean stabbing bokova in the back , it 'd mean a stubborn unwillingness to accept anything other than an eastern european women , but most importantly , because it 'd throw the semblance of transparency this process has attempted to have by having her skip all public accountability the other candidates went through so far . 
  but language proficiency can aptly be considered a professional qualification . 
  point . 
  `` distancing '' would be the best word . 
   under denmark 's aliens act , it is illegal to `` assist '' or transport anyone without residence permits in the country , with the crime punishable for a fine or up to two years imprisonment . 
  well this is extremely broad . 
  it can mean one of two things ; either it 's deliberately vague to facilitate prosecution ( which is intolerable ) , or it 's meant as a blanket ban on any sort of assistance to an alien , of any kind . 
  both result in their complete removal from danish society , as just about any interaction between them and danes could be perceived as breaching the law . 
  does n't sound good . 
  this is critically necessary . 
  the right of these children to attend school wherever they may be , frankly , goes well beyond their parent 's decisions or our laws . 
  if they have a reason to be here , they should have been enrolled already ; if they do n't , their education and their future should not suffer for the sins of the father . 
  lost generations never end well . 
  i understand , but i simply do n't see how our border policy would be of any influence in the human migration patterns in such a catastrophic scenario . 
  much as i do n't think our current policy is the primary reason for the migration we 're witnessing either . 
  there 's far more relevant factors forcing it than our own internal politics . 
  quite true . 
  it 's a love-hate relationship . 
  keep at it and maybe you 'll raise conrad von h\u00f6tzendorf from the grave . 
  i 'm sure he 'd do a better job of it . 
  it 's a rather pointless exercise to consider the outcomes of various border policies in the case of a massive global exodus over the consequences of global warming and increasing regional conflicts . 
  whatever it happens or not is outside of europe 's hands , and whatever happens after that is frankly irrelevant : we 're already at humanity 's worst case scenario . 
  ships do n't drill for torpedo impacts , because there 's no point in drilling being dead . 
  they train to avoid them . 
  sometimes an analogy needs to be shot down due to its utter inadequacy . 
  and if you look anywhere else , you 'll see * homo sapiens * who 'll be better off without either of the above bastards . 
  soylent green omelettes are not on the menu . 
  because they do n't . 
  in saudi arabia at least there is no refugee protection and there have been cases of slavery . 
  these are statements being made about peoples as a whole . 
  their legal status does n't make it any better or worse . 
  i have to ask , what kind of sleeping bag is worth 1000 $ ? 
  it 's lust for power . 
  nothing more . 
  it 's like a line from a tv series , ca n't remember which : `` lots of people hate america , but no one hates our money '' . 
  it also reminds me . 
  there 's was a tv debate about racism a few months ago ( not a hot topic , attached to a program that delved into multiple kinds of discrimination ) , and one of the debaters put forwards that at least in our country , money neutralizes race . 
  at about the same time , [ isabel dos santos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isabel_dos_santos ) , the daughter of the angolan dictator , the richest woman in africa and with sginificant investments in portugal , was headlining the news due to blocking an ipo on a bank she held a stake in , potentially to the detriment of the country . 
  and in the debater 's words `` she 's not black or white to the public eye , if you have money it becomes irrelevant '' . 
  and he 's not wrong . 
  it 's not about white , black or brown . 
  it 's all about green . 
  well , at least when there is green . 
  yes , and we 're lazy fucks who do n't work . 
  let 's not throw random stereotypes around . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's incompatible with my statement . 
  wish i could say you were wrong . 
  at a national level on a country where its marginal , it makes little sense , yes . 
  but religion still holds importance on a global scale , and that 's something our educational systems should n't overlook . 
  the earth has 7 billion `` potential '' terrorists , by that metric .
