  well , til . 
  i assume they were just brought back to their pens after some goofing around in the arena , as is done in `` bull on a rope '' runs a few islands in the azores have ( not aware of any other runs in portugal ) . 
  i can absolutely understand , though . 
  bull runs ( usually ) cause no harm to the bull , only potentially to volunteer morons . 
  it 's self-inflicting barbarity , and i 'm perfectly fine with the state not regulating that . 
  and if i 'm honest , swords removed , i find it a perfectly palatable show . 
  i love forcados myself - just a shame they only perform with already butchered bulls . 
  the american ambassador 's been a fervorous supporter through the euro , throwing down ( and winning ) wagers against his fellow ambassadors . 
  has a crate of alentejo wine on the line against the ambassador to france today . 
  i 'd link the embassy 's page with his vids but  facebook, 
  not necessarily . 
  the static trench warfare we identify with ww1 as a whole was mostly contained to the western and alpine front , and only in the middle of it . 
  the start and finish of the war , and the majority of the other fronts , featured mobile warfare . 
  were they do depict trench warfare realistically , as you say , however ... 
  i would probably have no interest in this game . 
  the british museum is n't an acropolis , it 's an active crime scene . 
  i believe dice made the correct choice by sticking to their formula , albeit adapted to the settings , rather than the other way around . 
  a more realistic ww1 setting ( and the reason we see it so rarely ) would require drastically slowed gameplay compared to other bfs and even most fps , and again , while realistic , it simply would n't be ... fun . 
  as much as the western front trench warfare was only one front and one period , and there was plenty of mobile warfare engagements that best suit a video game , it still simply would n't conduct itself to hasty , entretaining gameplay . 
  i believe realism has to play second fiddle to gameplay when it comes to video games , and even more so in this case . 
  that said , i am glad they are depicting this time period . 
  the map shown so far looks fantastic , and the aesthetics are simply nailed . 
  and that 's good enough for me as far as scenario concerns go . 
  ps : this is dice we 're talking about . 
  the people who put out a * secret weapons of ww2 * expansion to battlefield 1942 that added a freaking jetpack . 
  fully expect their final dlc to be something of the like . 
  i think you 've both been browsing the same sub . 
  schizophrenia is the rule . 
  and it was a logical choice from practical pov as well , as all practicing jews had at least some contact with hebrew as a liturgical language . 
  a delicious note : this news dropped during the state of the nation debate in the portuguese parliament . 
  they 've got to be fucking with us . 
  they 've all gone bloody insane . 
   human refuse ok , that was an exaggeration of language and i apologize for it . 
  just sometimes i ca n't help but wonder if that is what most see in them , amorphous masses . 
  anyway . 
  setting aside true refugees of course - whose accommodation is regardless subject of criticism , despite their status - i do agree with the need of tailoring the acceptance and distribution of arriving economic migrants to what best suits our interests . 
  lack of proper and hasty vetting is of course part of the management issue i speak of . 
  for example , the rising numbers of west african migrants from gambia and cot\u00ea d'ivoire this year is likely to include many french-speaking migrants ( and english in the former 's case ) , as the lingua franca of the region ; therefore it would only make sense to focus them in france rather than in the ports of arrival or across europe . 
  the question then boils down to whether or not we turn back any migrants who lack language or professional skills adequate to our continent - the rest , and the majority of them . 
  i can certainly see the case for it . 
  but as you ( rightfully ) say we ca n't simply blindly accept them , i say we should n't simply blindly turn them back either . 
  moral issues aside ( and i do n't hide it , that is the root of my belief ; not a matter of guilt but of power and what duties come with it ) , i do see worth in retaining , integrating and training unqualified refugees as a partial solution to europe 's demographical problems ( blood is irrelevant ) . 
  there is a limit to what europe can absorb , but looking at the world , at our economic might , and in particular at the situation of the countries surrounding syria , i believe we 're far from it - on a european scale of course , the countries currently stuck with the highest influxes are indeed being far too strained . 
  as for how to integrate the `` uninintegrable '' , i do n't need to tell you i 'm no expert , and most of my views come from both the successes and failures i 've witnessed in that process in europe and in my home country . 
  in portugal , we have a very well integrated muslim community , but also some communities ( not all ) of migrants from our former african colonies living in almost segregated neighborhoods . 
  the absolute key for me is deep redistribution . 
  not only on a national scale , but on a regional and local scale . 
  the existence of anything resembling a ghetto is a surefire way to negate any integration efforts , isolating them physically and culturally form the population at best , and being breeding grounds for extremism at worse . 
  spread migrants throughout neighborhoods and villages , in positions where daily interaction with the local population in professional and social environments is unavoidable . 
  portugal , in my view , has prepared that very well : a network of over 200 charities and ongs organized itself as soon as the quota system began being discussed , with a particular focus on rural areas in need of fresh population , providing a safety net that allowed our government to volunteer to take over their quota ( paltry hundreds have arrived though , thanks to the virtual nonfuctionality of the redistribution systems ) . 
  professional skills and languages can of course be taught , and i believe that to be the environment where their teaching could be most effective . 
  used to be 150m before they were forced to make cuts . 
  some say sch\u00e4uble keeps the chopped off bit as a fort in his backyard . 
  no girls allowed . 
  so in your opinion ( and please correct me if i 'm wrong ) , we are dealing with fundamentally unintegrabable people , who not only lack the skills to work in europe in any capacity , but to even * be * in europe at all ; and that , most importantly , there is nothing we can do about it . 
  no language , skill or ideology teaching would ever make them more than human refuse . 
  i do n't believe in that concept , and i disagree on the latter count . 
  it would speak - well , it * is * speaking - horribly ill of us if we are unable to do that because i do absolutely believe it be possible . 
  they 're unqualified , not neanderthals . 
  a important note to make : beyond the political quagmire that both causes and hampers their work , a round of applause for our coast guards and navies for their phenomenal work . 
  if the med is n't a mass grave it 's thanks to them , and their competence should make us all proud . 
  and here we see the problem - the people for who believe the problem is the immigration itself and not our thoroughly incompetent management of it . 
  never thought i 'd see the day where anyone would argue incompetence is good for its deterrent effect . 
  there is zero effort to do that at a european scale , however . 
  germany and the ports of arrival are being left high and dry by the rest of the union , with the results we 're seeing : refugee camps within europe ( or housing schemes that essentially amount to that ) that are bound to be breeding grounds for extremism . 
  all of that could be avoided through proper eu-wide integration policies , yet there 's no will outside said countries ( and even within ) . 
  and so when in a few years we start seeing larger consequences of their lack of integration , we 'll have the the anti-immigration faction shouting even louder against immigration - when the problem lies in political incompetence within our borders , not the movements crossing them . 
  it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy and i loathe the thought of it . 
  we have the economical resources for it , we have the social resources for it , hell we even have the * need * for it to an extent . 
  we just do n't have the will to properly integrating the arriving refugees an migrants . 
  a lack of will , it 's all it is . 
  absolutely agreed . 
  i just hope people realize those measure must be implemented before , not after , any severe camping down on the routes . 
  fortunately , we 're at a point where most people recognize this as a symptom of a larger issue ; unfortunately , it still seems some want to see it fixed before , or without , addressing the larger causes at hand . 
  4500 actual lives are worth more than 9000 conjectured lives . 
  saudi arabia is close enough to the hotspots for europe to have any relevance to refugee routing there . 
  the countries neighboring syria and iraq are flooding with refugees ( far more than europe ; it 's still laughable how we can claim their numbers here to be massive , considering our population and economy ) that simply walked there ; saudi arabia would be too if it was in any way a viable option . 
  but aside from the totalitarian regime , saudi arabia has , to my knowledge , zero protection for refugees , and they often wound up in slavery . 
  refugees would rather play their chances in the warzone they 're in or at the bottom of the med . 
  the word `` massive '' sure gets thrown a lot these days . 
  i 'll take it as a compliment we 're not seen as a `` little one '' anymore ... 
  i think we 've seen that a wee too many times by now . 
  and one would be too many . 
  do n't hold your breath , mate . 
  felipe ii would n't really work though , because , you know , * ahem *, 
  i 'm not understating the importance of staying out of ww2 - i 'm saying it was n't his doing . 
  both of those are myths . 
  his economic `` miracle '' came at the expense of absolute stagnation of infrastructure and investment - the only thing that grew during that time was the government 's books . 
  what little investment was made was made sure to be grandiose ( the bridge ) , though , making it appear as if they were investing what they were n't . 
  people like to point at the economy crashes after 74 as proof , when they 're mostly due to long delayed , dire investment being finally made . 
  on the diplomatic front , it was basically dead post-ww2 . 
  we did n't exist for the world , and we were n't worth enough to nato for them to continue singing salazar 's praises anymore . 
  the good relations during ww2 were caused by the wartime conditions : we had valuable bases to offer to the allies , yet they ( especially britain ) wanted us to stay our of the war by all means , because any move towards the allies would throw spain heart and soul into the arms of germany - our collaboration with each side was strong enough that was a very strong possibility . 
  staying out of the war was n't some sort of masterful diplomatic maneuvering on his part . 
  you should note the voting was made by * phone-ins * - a pay-per-vote system that is possibly the most riggable voting system ever devised . 
  his point is that the voting was overwhelmed by phone-in voters from the political extremes - historical figures far , far more relevant to our history were left well behind on account of it . 
  * of course * the vote was rigged . 
  the whole idea of the show , or at least the voting system , was just plain stupid , and the results - at least the top 10 's order - devoid of meaning . 
  of course some people hold a positive opinion of him - and of cunhal , who was no better and was very close to steering our country towards stalinism . 
  but that 's sadly a phenomenon that occurs with every authoritarian lead - there 's always some who attempt to salvage their merit from the depths of their terror .
