  if any collective punishment actions were justified before ( they were n't : i * despite * this humanity-spanning concept we 've been shoved since elementary ) , they are senseless now . 
  the top comment was non-discriminatory , though . 
  i 'm hopeful that 's not what he meant but i see can how it could be perceived as such . 
  wow , someone who actually drank the kool-aid . 
  fair point . 
  one would assume there 's eu healthcare regulations to that effect , but then again there probably are n't , considering this case . 
  all which explains his decision and that of many others to carry on to germany . 
  really shows that `` eu protection '' is a joke . 
  no wonder they seek `` hard '' rather than `` soft '' protection . 
  oh hey it 's our air marshal . 
  i do agree we need to maintain the capability and sorely needed it in 2014 , but as / u/osmosisboy says , it 's hardly feasible to maintain the services on full staff either . 
  an intermediate solution would be ideal , to maintain national refugee centres on reduced capacity but retaining a cadre of qualified personnel and expandable facilities . 
  you do realize mental illness is ... an illness , right ? 
  not deporting ill people is n't exactly a poor political decision . 
  it 's basic decency . 
  of course how that 's actually handled in practice is a whole different , in this case sad , story . 
  we could also survive exporting the ones born here . 
  or domestic nutjubs who are magnetically attracted to butt heads with foreign nutjobs . 
  and in the end we 'll survive doing none of those things . 
  see , that 's the thing : more and more i get the feeling , from what i read , that economic migration by a non-western national is seen as inherently * immoral * . 
  that if you 're not being shot at ( * today * ; refugee status is apparently blind to the concept of low-intensity conflicts ) , then you have a moral mandate to stay in or go back to wherever the hell you came from . 
  maybe it 's not even conscious behavior , but ... it 's just the feeling i get from the public opinion here and elsewhere . 
  i have no doubt that sentiment is n't shared by a majority , though ... yet . . 
  how is criticizing political choices an act of ethnic superiority posing ? 
  democratic decisions are * by design * fallible , and yet more and more we see domestic criticism of democratic decisions being waved off as undemocratic behavior , and foreign criticism as latent imperialism . 
  sounds like the kind of argument you 'd hear from an authoritarian regime , and is , of course , absolutely baseless . 
  we gave 4 absolute majorities to a blithering idiot here - mostly on the ( false ) perception there was no one better as well . 
  it was still a sad chapter of our democracy and anyone who feels that way should be free to say so . 
  orb\u00e1n is the embodiment of the worst aspects of nationalism . 
  may his domestic rivals and anyone foreign rot in a ditch - they are of zero value to hungary in his eyes and worthy sacrifices for anything that may elevate his and hungary 's status . 
  this is my opinion as an unprivileged , private , informed citizen watching this debacle . 
  well , no better way to stop being your worst enemy than finding a common , preferably foreign one !, 
  and yet most of those traits were n't present in previous , more conservative popes . 
  maybe conservative catholics do n't like `` good management '' . 
  departugal . 
  latervia . 
  czechout . 
  at the end of the day , that means one of two things : either the vastly increased reporting and information proportionally increases our ability to be terrorized , or the random and apolitical ( well , not any political cause we recognize as remotely legitimate at least , unlike separatist movements ) nature of these attacks shocks us far more than the attack waves we suffered in the last century . 
  as most things in life , it 's probably a combination of both . 
  but the first is something we could potentially do something about : there is no logical reason why increased reporting * should * result in increased terror , though it 's obvious why it * can * ( and does ) . 
  i suppose that 'll be more a matter of adapting not to the terrorism , but to the ceaseless and immediate flow of information we have these days about any event at all rather than anything these . 
  but that 'll take decades . 
  if people are tired of experts , imagine how tired they are of * numbers * . 
  and * statistics * . 
  and - i 'll just go grab my pitchfork now . 
  it truly is amazing . 
  i mean , more and more we 're seeing that our intelligence agencies , despite the chaotic influx and management of refugees and migrants , are being able to adapt and better monitor these arrivals - where we used to not have a damned clue , like half of these most recent attacks were perpetrated by people who were signaled . 
  we * are * being able to root them out , to sort out the rotten fruit from the ~ ~ good ~ ~ orchard , which is a net positive for * absolutely everyone * - refugees and migrants included . 
  yet our judiciary is unable to properly act upon it . 
  they 're in an asinine position where they 're potentially both letting europeans die at the hands of these savages * and * worsening the situation for legitimate refugees even more . 
  partly , but i see far more as being against them than it being about `` protecting '' islam . 
  not only is it an insult in arabic ( to trample something underfoot , iirc ) , it 's a meaningless name in any western langue , a denial of identity . 
  a form of damnatio memorae , if you will . 
  if they were trekkies , i would n't be calling them that either . 
  no , it is not . 
  that 's attempt to use extreme hyperbole as a legitimate argument . 
  i offered my ideas on how to best integrate arrivals , and thus possibly allow for a higher number of them without the societal issues we 're currently witnessing . 
  in no way did i imply arrivals should be completely limitless - but that is seemingly the one and only thing most that are anti-immigration can read from any dissenting proposal . 
  side note : that seems way too low a cutoff for parliament access , though then again it 's by no means the lowest worldwide . 
  it 's just a concept i see as rather undemocratic . 
  this is one of those questions that i know full well the answer for , but that i never * ever * see mentioned in these debated . 
  but fuck it , someone has to ask . 
  and this question is posed with legitimate intent . 
  what about the others ? 
  or option c : boarded onto a giant orange lifeboat and sent floating the way they came . 
  as much as i see decisions i disagree with in europe with regards to immigration , we 're thankfully refrained from anything as frightening as that . 
  well , there 's the small fact they iirc they lack any sort of refugee protections and the few syrian refugees that wound up there before they wisened up ended up as slaves . 
  `` sweet summer children '' might take on a different meaning for this year 's litter . 
  someone 's been watching cgp grey . 
  they passionately support each other 's rights not to give a single fuck about one another . 
  it 's asinine . 
  wait . 
  do you think i 'm seriously suggesting bringing * over 800 million people * to europe ? 
  how is it even possible to draw that from my post ? 
  for the same reason you do n't engage the nuclear option whenever temporal politics change against you . 
  the eu is inefficient at many levels , needs reform on may aspects , and its current political pinnacle does not work for the interest of all members , but those are all both circumstances of the moment , and secondary ( if not minor ) concerns to all this union has brought and continues to bring to europe . 
  imagine whatever party you loathe the most wins a majority tomorrow . 
  would you and everyone who shares your political stance refuse to remain in the country under that management ? 
  the eu is a long standing institution and making decisions like brexit based on temporal politics makes zero sense . 
  a strong argument that was regardless disproved by the man himself . 
  still remains a strong argument against * direct * democracy , however . 
  it is a wonderful place to live , so long as you 're not portuguese . 
  and by that i mean , so long as you do n't earn a miserable salary . 
  the cost of living is very cheap by european standards , which is another factor that helps attract boatloads of tourists and permanent residents . 
  the country is beautiful , the people are beautiful , the weather is beautiful , and you could n't find a more peaceful corner in europe . 
  and of course we have all the amenities you 'd expect of a developed european nation ( and one of the fastest internet speeds in the planet , i might add ) . 
  it 's just a shame that under the current economic conditions , a lot of natives ca n't enjoy all of that , and sadly i 'm one of them . 
  but i certainly do n't rue the privilege of living in the most beautiful city in the world : lisbon . 
  oh i 'm aware , and violent crime as a whole in the us has plummeted since the 80s . 
  it 's a global trend , or at least western . 
  there 's ups and downs , but our world has been getting safer and safer every decade . 
  what we see , though , is the proliferation of media , social media in particular , always being there to report on every single instance of foul play . 
  the old adage of a picture being worth a thousand words is still true today . 
  who imagined 20 years ago we 'd be able to see police brutality deaths on a live stream ? 
  without that technology ( and most importantly , its accessibility to the public ) , those relatively ( though of course still relevant ) minor instances of violence would likely be no more than a news scroll one liner for a day . 
  of course , i do n't blame neither the technology nor the citizen reporters , but the media outlets who explode the situation with the wealth of footage available to them . 
  and in any case the effect is n't entirely negative : for example , episodes of police brutality being highlighted help lessen their likelihood in the future , even if they were already growing rarer . 
  one just has to keep a clear mind when watching the news and realizing such individual instances are in no way representative of the overall state of the country , especially one as large as the us . 
  well , yes , i do understand there is some evidence against the big sloth conspiracy , but i 'm not entirely sold yet . 
  that 's right , i got that to watch today as well , completely forgot about it .
