  [ this swag fella ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01780/gaddafi-3_1780857a.jpg ) . 
  [ this swag fella ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/36/muammar_al-gaddafi_at_the_au_summit.jpg/220px-muammar_al-gaddafi_at_the_au_summit.jpg ) . 
  [ this swag fella ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/36/muammar_al-gaddafi_at_the_au_summit.jpg/220px-muammar_al-gaddafi_at_the_au_summit.jpg ) . 
  never thought i 'd see the day economic news become a play by play . 
  23 minutes on the news and they 're still talking about wildfires across the country . 
  bad news sells . 
  edit : 1:10 , with break . 
  beaches and shores . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  nor am i arguing the arab spring did not fail . 
  what i loathe is these hindsighted claims that the west should n't have supported it all back then . 
  it 's hard to argue the libyan intervention was imperialistic when i ca n't fathom a better definition of modern imperialism than the status quo pre-civil war : the appeasement of a terrorist and kleptocrat . 
  i love the revisionism these days . 
  remove gaddafi = imperialism , apparently . 
  meanwhile , other muslims see terrorist attacks in ramadan as particularly heinous . 
  sounds quite a lot like romania and moldavia , and yet the prospects of a union seem grim . 
  better : shouts that as he thinks he just hotwired the car , but he actually activated the airbags . 
  i remember reading around that time that it was actually commonplace in the uk for hotel kitchens to shut down at 9pm . 
  to this day i still ca n't fathom why . 
  can we keep him ? 
  glad they caught the bastard . 
  coupled with the successful tracking of a number of terrorists as of late ( that the judiciary failed to act upon ) , it gives us all the more proof our intelligence services , for all the chaos , are slowly being able to adapt to the influx and identify the terrorists from refugees and migrants at large . 
  the wheat from the chaff . 
  and that 's a net positive for absolutely everyone . 
  true , but with a caveat : everyone around here believe themselves to be the centrist , and their opinion on immigration to be the balanced , common sense one . 
  not that extremists are known for seeing themselves as such , but it 's different . 
  you rarely ever see this sub falling in line with left and right ( as outdated concepts as those might be ) ; everyone 's the reasonable centrist and everyone else is the extremist who 'll bring ruin to our continent . 
  and i say that with full admission that i ca n't escape that either , because that is how i feel about myself and my own views . 
  was n't tear gas thrown in the kosovo parliament when they were voting a pro-serb measure as well ? 
  should n't be news to anyone , but i guess the balkans do n't forget . 
  wish someone other than a wannabe authoritarian with a bout of whataboutism would say that . 
  then maybe someone would pay attention and not just point out the bastard he indeed is . 
  sleeping on the street or in a broken tent for months on end is something no human being could possibly be pleased with , regardless of what they left behind . 
  i. . . really should come to terms with the fact this is r/europe and not r/world . 
  exactly . 
  their stated goal is our destruction as a civilization . 
  blood , bombs and cancelled events are * woefully * insufficient . 
  they can not destroy us . 
  they never could . 
  and ca n't possibly understand why anyone works under any other assumption , as if we 're facing an existential threat . 
  we 're simply not . 
  which is why i 'm far more afraid of europe being destroyed from within , by our own , than by anything else . 
  well , it 's accurate . 
  it 's a problem involving serbia , so it must be the fault of bosnians . 
  aka the internet 's opinion on the arab spring . 
  manaus , a city of two million build in the goddamn middle of the amazon , with no road access to the rest of brazil . 
  i 'm not sure whether to question the existence of the stadium or the city . 
  not after this . 
  in fact , that is the one positive aspect of this job : it 's an absolute end to his political career . 
  that is a positive development . 
  i will grant you most of my information is outdated and i was frankly unaware of any post-abbott changes in policy . 
  not only . 
  for what little legitimate refugees they recognize , they have a deal with papua new guinea to resettle them there , and not have them set one foot in australia . 
  thus bribe and police the world 's problems away . 
  lalalala i ca n't hear your cries of help . 
   i find it very hard to believe that these men need to be sat down and told that women are n't to be raped . 
  according to former marines i game with , 90 % of their basic was being told that . 
  true for the most part , though i will grant it 's pretty grating to watch bystanders here just ogling at girls in hijabs like they 've just seen a ghost . 
  except the red army would have * never * stopped . 
  unlike vietnam and afghanistan , ww2 was an all out war with them fielding tens of millions of soldiers - not a limited conflict with political or economical restraint . 
  the moscow armistice was a an exception , not a rule . 
  [ hello . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3s6tfia8c8 ), 
  whether they can or not is almost secondary at this point - the distrust is overwhelming and has little concern for our actual performance . 
  meanwhile , our yield rates spike whenever someone sneezes . 
  not to mention european blood is a drop in a ocean of middle eastern blood shed in the last few years . 
  mostly at their own expense , actually . 
  if that is what they 're implying , it 's not entirely without merit . 
  precogs . 
  i had a bad run in with such a driver . 
  there was an r8 revving it up in ( the remnants of ) casal ventoso , a poor and drug-ridden area of lisbon , while i was taking home lunch from a local charity . 
  it just happened to be in a day where i was turbo pissed about things , and when he revved past me i just raised a finger in front of my mouth . 
  half a minute later i heard him revving back down the street , jumping out of the r8 right next to me , jumping back in because he forgot the e-brake , and then trying to bump chests with me , the fucking gorilla . 
  `` who the fuck do you think you are '' , etc. 
  thankfully he was dragged off by locals and i went on my merry way , but yeah . 
  [ hopefully ] ( https://youtu.be/tts9ssgr9c4?t=7s ) . 
  well you smoke , you do n't shoot . 
  i agree with the law in principle - foreign religious funding is an inherent moral hazard . 
  but i disagree with its specificity . 
  we 're seeing the funding being used as soft power through the spread of ideology . 
  in the problem at hand , the result is waves of terrorism , with far more severe consequences than the preaching of any other religions . 
  but the principle should see beyond today 's events . 
  religion should stands on its one , supported by their congregations ; anything else opens up hazardous paths . 
  hell , maybe maybe we can kick scientology out of europe like that . 
  lavender , really ? 
  i 'd assume carnations , for historical reasons . 
  meanwhile , spain gets them . 
  you 're 36 years late . 
  the corollary of that is that current middle eastern populations fully deserve their hardship for the sins of their fathers . 
  there is not a single thing on this earth where i believe that should happen . 
  and perhaps more importantly - not siphoned off by some warlord . 
  a terrorist attack causes terror and bloodshed . 
  failure to comply with bureaucratic regulations in germany causes a collapse of order and society . 
  and thankfully , we still need those . 
  the decoupling from migration is necessary because guilt is an individual attribute . 
  last week 's attacks showed us that our intelligence agencies are adapting to the situation , and being to separated the weed from the chaff - half of the attacks were perpetrated by identified radicals . 
  the blame for them lies on the judiciary , for not properly acting on this information . 
  this action by the german police may signal things are about to change on that front , too . 
  we are ever more being able to identify terrorists before the fact . 
  we might be on the way to being able to judicially act upon them .
