  as much as some might have attempted to frame leave as a campaign against brussels , europe as a whole was subjected to a degree of insult and denigration during the campaign that makes bj and may 's statement of `` we 're leaving the eu , not europe '' laughable . 
  if anything , had remain won , the opposite would be true . 
  i only speak for myself , but the return in force of millennium-old prejudice over `` continentals '' combined with desertion are fair game for hostility . 
  not good , but understandable . 
  doubt it ; after all , [ they made one * for * it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_referendum_act_2015 ) . 
  i never actually it bookmarked , just entered `` pirate bay '' in the chrome bar . 
  just had to switch bay to proxy and go through one quick page . 
  hell , i imagine the isp techs just laughing their asses off , just following the letter of the law fully knowing they 're barely causing any harm to their customers . 
  well i 've always heard mcd would kill you , but ... 
  that would be an interesting proposal , though hard to implement in practice - unhcr was scheduling asylum interviews for 2021 as it stands , so i can imagine the resources needed to improve that situation would be massive . 
   was n't it so that the migrants laughed in your prime minister 's face when asked if they want to go to portugal ? 
  it was . 
  well , not laughed , but yeah . 
  i ca n't take it at face value , though - we 're the complete unknown as far as they 're concerned ( would n't be surprised if they did n't even know who we are ; we 're talking about a country most americans think it 's part of spain ) , unlike germany , which they think they know . 
  any proper relocation scheme would need to be mandatory , of course . 
  well , that is what 's happening on the ground in their holdings . 
   i ca n't comment on his behalf but for me is more like `` not again '' . 
  fairly well , and confirmed by himself . 
  as for the situation at hand , i 'd have to know their situation in serbia to make an accurate comment . 
  i do n't agree with them `` demanding '' , but given the group is n't quoted directly and thus it might not have been the word used - and semantics do matter here . 
  i also do n't take a hunger strike lightly - though then again , they just announced it , lets see if it actually happens . 
   care to elaborate a bit more ? 
  frankly , i did not hear much from v4 in regards to refugee/migrant intake and relocation policies other than a flat refusal of quotas and severe limitations to the numbers accepted - i 'm assuming their proposals for a eu-wide policy revolved around those principles , and thus similar to the policies the v4 countries eventually adopted themselves . 
  this , of course , is hard to reconcile with the more open policies of other countries . 
   sorry , if you heard that 10000 times already  - what would be an acceptable solution for you ? 
  not directed at me , but ... 
  anyway . 
  a disclaimer - as a private citizen not an expert in the matter , all i have is ideas from my observance of the world , and my principles . 
  but my solution would be - after a more thorough vetting than is currently being done , of course - gdp-adjusted quotas amounting to 50-66 % of the accepted refugees and migrants . 
  a soft quota , if you will . 
  the gdp adjustment is obvious ; the reason for it to be `` soft '' is to account for the particular sensitivities of the countries and allow the remainder to be redistributed among countries who volunteer to take more than their quota . 
  perhaps surprisingly , my country is one of them : the government ( before and after elections ) was always supportive of accepting and integrating refugees , but a grassroots movement of over 200 local charities and ongs organized themselves to prepare to receive the refugees the moment there was talk of redistribution . 
  with their pooled resources , that allowed the government to volunteer to take over double our attributed quota ( paltry hundreds have arrived though , thanks to the virtual nonfuctionality of the redistribution systems ) . 
  i should add : i believe that to be successful , the redistribution needs to be deep . 
  not only on a national scale , but on a regional and local scale . 
  in portugal , we have a very well integrated muslim ( not arab , mostly african ) community , but also some communities ( not all ) of migrants from our former african colonies living in almost segregated neighborhoods . 
  the existence of anything resembling a ghetto is a surefire way to negate any integration efforts , isolating them physically and culturally from the population at best , and being breeding grounds for extremism at worse . 
  spread migrants throughout neighborhoods and villages , in positions where daily interaction with the local population in professional and social environments is unavoidable . 
  portugal , in my view , has prepared that very well : that ong network i mentioned has a particular focus on rural areas in need of fresh population . 
  according to wikipedia , `` empathy is the capacity to understand or feel what another being ( a human or non-human animal ) is experiencing from within the other being 's frame of reference '' . 
  what 's we 're seeing is complete inability to do the latter . 
  the sheer distance these people feel towards refugees and migrants , fueled by the anti-immigration rhetoric that 's arisen as a consequence of the migration crisis , makes it so a lot of europe , especially eastern europe , can not feel empathy for them . 
  they 're ... * them * , a people too far away to comprehend and empathize with . 
  it was never a universal concept , but now more than ever , empathy is a concept limited to nationalities . 
  the hungarian government has decided to implement these measures under the current situation and that is a legitimate decision . 
  but that can not mean the problem out there can simply be ignored . 
  what i got from the / u/serendipityquest 's post was almost a feeling of `` we 've dealt with it , we do n't give a fuck anymore '' . 
  but it 's not done . 
  refugees are still dying . 
  eu and non-eu countries are still enduring migrations pressures . 
  and the routes and dynamics of migration are always subject to change . 
  and if they do , hungary has to be willing to analyze the situation accordingly . 
  there is no right to not give a fuck about a worldwide issue . 
  there never was . 
   when eu did n't listen to v4 we went to `` second best solution '' but could they really ? 
  it was very much made into a binary issue by the v4 - either implement at an eu scale what they eventually implemented on their own , or ... that . 
   what do you want us to do ? 
  let everyone in/through ? 
  * sigh * of course you 'd claim that . 
  your comment ... belies something more than the closure of borders . 
  i do n't agree with it , but it 's a legitimate political position . 
  what in my opinion is n't is what i perceive ( could be wrong ) beyond that : the `` right to not give a fuck '' , if you will . 
  pro and anti-migration policies bound to human rights and the rule of law are all legitimate , but the assumption of their absolute immutability regardless of the conditions on the ground , that the world could burn for all hungary cared , is simply not legitimate in my view . 
  there is a crisis happening around you . 
  a democratic decision to close the borders and restrict migration is a prerogative of every country , but you can not consider this worldwide issue solved as far as hungary is concerned on account of it . 
  the issue is still out there , there are still people and countries being afflicted by it , and hungary , as part of the world community , can not simply shrug their shoulders as if it 's none of their concern . 
  something i 've been thinking about for a while . 
  when we hear of refugees and migrants referring to germany as * jannah * ... well , no one thinks they get in heaven for free , specially not religious people . 
  i 'm sure they realize that . 
  at the same time , we also often hear from them of their plight in their countries of origin and their arduous voyage . 
  without knowledge of migration laws , i would n't put it past a lot of uneducated refugees and migrants to see it as a simple risk/reward kind of deal : that the price for reaching safe haven in europe is forsaking everything they have and surviving a deadly journey . 
  in their minds , they marched their way through mud and death to the gates of heaven , only to find them shut . 
  i can understand the anger from that perspective . 
  of course ... that not how life works . 
  were that to happen , what you 'd see from me would be unbridled hatred directed at the perpetrator ( s ) and anyone who supported him - just as i have now , but of course higher . 
  and it would probably destroy my life . 
  but not portugal , nor europe . 
  well , at least you got the banter . 
  i suggest you browse a bit through this thread . 
  collective guilt and collective distrust is collective punishment . 
  i support non-violent irish republicanism , but it was still a valid answer to your comment . 
   i do n't see irish committing terrorism every other week . 
  well , not anymore . 
  in the evening news after the brussels attacks , after a serious debate , and cutting to commercial while saying they 'll continue coverage after the break , the first thing they show is an ad for their atrocious telenovela . 
  and despite the grim day , i laughed my ass off . 
  i always hated the bloody things , but i loved the sight of it then . 
  despite the terror , despite the bloodshed , despite the momentary shock , our society , our lifestyle is so resilient we can continue to worry about such frivolous things . 
  their objective is our destruction as a society , as a people even . 
  and they simply ca n't , not in a million years . 
  blood and screams , that 's all they can cause . 
  terrible , but a far cry from their objective . 
  the destruction of our society ? 
  not in a million years . 
  as john oliver put it after the paris attack , they engaged in a war of culture and lifestyle with france . 
  not happening . 
  frankly , i can offer no concrete answers to that do n't involve better intelligence and police work . 
  at the end of the day , to catch a lone wolf before the attack , you have two stages : during the radicalization , and during the attack preparations . 
  the former is extremely difficult to monitor more closely than we already do without slipping into thoughtcrime grounds ; the latter involves classic police work . 
  i wish the humble me had the solution for all of this ... but sadly i do n't . 
  all i have is principles to stand for , willingness to discuss , and unfathomable anger at the individuals behind the atrocities .
