  the eventual end to any strongman dictatorship . 
  that the intervening powers failed to plan for the aftermath is undisputable . 
  but if instability following gaddafi 's fault was a foregone conclusion , then it 's no fault but his own . 
  i do n't have an opinion on islam because it 'd be irrelevant . 
  there is n't one `` islam '' and even if there were , its tenants are applied in such a heterogenous way it 'd be irrelevant . 
  i care about how people apply them , about muslims in real life . 
  i 'm tolerant to the tolerant and intolerant to the intolerant . 
  simple . 
  so you fight against `` the establishment '' for blood . 
  the most irrelevant thing at the face of this earth . 
  anyway . 
  lost to whom , exactly ? 
  we are * not * facing some sort of existential crisis . 
  not from isis , not from the economy , and not from demographics . 
  obstacles , difficulties , sure . 
  but to think we are `` lost '' to anything or anyone is a ridiculous underestimation of europe and its nations ' strenght . 
  i 've been told time and time again it is hypocritical to be intolerant of intolerance . 
  i disagree . 
  this distinction keeps being brought up more and more everyday despite the fact it 's completely void . 
  globalization has reached nation states , and immigration-based states have developed a sense of nationality in the last century . 
  they are not as far apart as you may think . 
  and more to the point , nationality no longer equals ethnicity . 
  portugal just won the euro with three players of french descent , two of guinean ( bissau ) descent , two of cape verdean , one of german , one of brazilian , and one gypsy . 
  and none of them was a reject from those nations . 
  if they fly your flag , they 're your people . 
  it is , in fact , [ the exact opposite ] ( http://www.glimpsefromtheglobe.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/flier-english-high-res.jpg ) . 
  i still have a bit of trouble not seeing that poster as not a movie prop . 
  looks like something out of district 9 . 
  why yes , they can just send them to one of germany 's far off colonies , in ... ... fuck . 
  does anyone have lettow-vorbeck 's number ? 
  justice is n't something to be chosen . 
  not the former . 
  a lot of the last few attacks were perpetrated by identified assailants . 
  it took a while , but our intelligence services are more and more being able to adapt to the situation , identify extremists , separate the wheat from the chaff . 
  it 's our judicial systems that are failing to act upon that . 
  can i come out and say i loathe the very concept of inheritance a meritless genetic lottery or should i continue to linger in a dark corner ? 
  let 's see those pilot results . 
  congratulations , i 'm browsing within earshot of my elderly mother and she 's now wondering what `` oh for fuck 's sake '' means in english . 
  that life is unjust is an unavoidable corollary of life , not something we should enforce . 
  we 'd have no need for intelligence or judicial systems otherwise . 
  a shame nothing could be done . 
  15 years old , converted and radicalized , managed to fly to syria , and become disillusioned with the lies they were fed . 
  i ca n't help but have some pity , frankly , even though in a way this reeks of social darwinism . 
  if she could be swayed by isis , she could be swayed by many other things . 
  but ultimately , as someone who believes in lowering the voting age , i believe teens must be at least morally accountable . 
  and guidance or not i do n't believe our society to bankrupt to the point this can be seen as its fault . 
  moreso than even the story , i 'm in stitches over the writing . 
  fantastic work . 
  translation :  a local of montes de arbo , in pontevedra , climbed the mountain the moment he saw a fire column rising . 
  he filmed the flames , and as the video shows , other ingitions appearing in succession and in a straight line . 
   manuel gil exp\u00f3sito , author of the video , posted the footage to facebook and has guaranteed `` it could n't be due to the wind '' , `` nor one person acting alone '' . 
  he filmed five ignitions but has since said `` they were probably around ten '' . 
   the population of arbo believes it to be an intentional act , not just because of the video but also because of the place where the fire started , considered to be of difficult propagation : `` one of the ignitions appeared next to a forest ranger outpost and it 's a clean area '' , manuel gil exp\u00f3sito told el pa\u00eds . 
  spasiba . 
  one note : how feasible would it be to create a common eu heavy airtanker squadron ? 
  the nature of wildfires makes it so light firefighting aircraft are more than adequate for most fires , but are completely overwhelmed in cases of massive fires , and most countries lack the ability to maintain a fleet of heavy water bombers such as these berievs . 
  a common eu squadron of such aircraft , deployable within a few hours anywhere in the eu , could be tremendously useful in tackling large fires . 
  or straight up russians . 
  i got a russian taxi driver the other day , and he laughed his ass off when i shouted idi nahuy out the window when a bmw cut us off . 
  cool guy . 
  well , duh . 
  the solution to a refugee crisis never lays in the host countries by definition . 
  all we can do is help , both at a political level , and at a humanitarian level . 
  the extent of that help is what we discuss every day . 
  and now back you your regularly scheduled former head of state newspaper column . 
  [ not nearly enough , mate ] ( http://www.9news.com.au/world/2016/08/06/10/45/festival-fire-destroys-more-than-400-cars ) . 
  [ m-84 engine rumble ], 
  that 's the theory of it . 
  the practice is hundreds of thousands of imams and scholars debating and issuing contradictory fatwas - whether or not it should be up for interpretation , it simply is . 
  you know , i 've got a copy of the qu ` ran next to the bible on my bookshelf . 
  been meaning to read them both for a while , get a proper grasp of them beyond what i absorbed from general knowledge and sunday school for the latter ; and may add a few more religious texts to that . 
  but i 've been delaying it forever . 
  perhaps do n't be like me in that regard . 
  as always , religion offers an attractive product to the poor and suffering . 
  never get old . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tts9ssgr9c4 ) . 
   what 's the risk ? 
  islamic caliphate of atlantis . 
  and why are you perpetuating the myth they are n't ? 
  without a centralized clergy , islam is * literally all about interpretation * . 
  when people come out and say moderate muslims are n't representative of `` true '' islam , they forget there simply is no such thing . 
  every imam , every scholar , and every believer of islam cherry picks - and even many non-muslims , such as yourself . 
  and we as a civilization hold the right to cast away those who cherry pick ideology that endanger the world and welcome those who cherry pick ideology that advocates peaceful coexistence . 
  sadly , the last few attacks perpetrated by known assailants have shown while our intelligence is catching up , our judiciary is n't . 
  which is excruciating , because not only does it present severe danger to our population , it perpetuates the collectivization of guilt across migrants . 
  note to self : please be less cynical . 
  the top comment is n't saying migrants are n't actual lives , he 's just criticising the dumb statement there could n't possibly be a single terrorist among them . 
  okay , carry on . 
  from experience upvotes tend to fluctuate within a random interval . 
  i remember a while ago spamming f5 on a thread , and comments going from +7 to +3 and back at random . 
  a more adequate comparison would be what non-nazi germans felt about their native land during ww2 , but even that would be a stretch , considering the nazi flag was entirely political and completely devoid of any german meaning . 
  see , that 's what i do n't understand . 
  you point factual criticism on the eu , but all of it derives from temporal politics , not the concept of the eu itself . 
  do you feel less proud of your country ( not your countrymen , not your government , your country itself ) when it undertakes actions you think are wrong ? 
  do you shirk away from the union jack after someone else who swears by it screws up ? 
  voicing criticism of the eu 's workings is not in any way incompatible with being proud of the concept of the eu itself . 
  you can be against everything that 's wrong with the eu right now , but that does n't mean you ca n't stand by its flag and what it stands for . 
  meant , yeah , but nothing 's truly politically neutral . 
  i still find it hard to believe that poster is real . 
  it looks incredibly movie-like .
