  as a result , i frequently watch pictures and footage of military equipment taken by isis and other islamist groups in syria and iraq , including combat footage of attacks on other forces or their outcome , and even some screencapped amaq `` news '' releases . 
  an intelligence officer , as a fallible human being , could potentially misconstrue this navigation history as interest , and thus potentially sympathy for , terrorist acts , specially if i happen to browse for information on isis ( say , like reading their wiki page ) around the same time . 
  without a requirement of proof , that could be all it takes to destroy the life of any irish . 
  old quote , but `` you can judge a society by how well it treats its prisoners '' . 
  the fact he calls it a war does not make it a war . 
  the sheer banalization of the term ( see : war on drugs ) to justify wartime measures during peacetime is a horrible warping of democracy . 
  and we * are * in peacetime , terrorist attacks do not change that ( and they 've won the moment it does ) . 
  and we need to stick to peacetime law when combating them . 
  as for differentiated legal protections , that simply goes against every tenant of the rule of law . 
  justice should be blind to nationality . 
  a watch list bullet point does not equal a conviction . 
  let 's not go minority report in here . 
  and what to they care at this point ? 
  the truth is turkey itself is n't as secular as we make it out to be : that was atat\u00fcrk 's personal project ( and very successful at that ) , and those who followed him , but erdogan did n't sprout islamism in turkey out of nowhere . 
  and yet , up to this point , the country was run in a very secular way , both because of atat\u00fcrk 's legacy , and in the last forty years , the eu 's influence . 
  for decades the eu 's been trying to `` civilize '' them , telling them what do do , how to behave , how to relate with neighbor countries , their very laws - the abolition of the death penalty was our demand - playing with their hopes of joining the eu , even while half of europe does n't even consider that in the realm of possibility , a laughable prospect even . 
  the remain camp outright said `` do n't worry about a flood of turks , they 'll never join the eu '' to convince voters . 
  played by erdogan or not ( and even * with * him or not ) , i think after 40 years turkey 's finally realized they are never getting the eu no matter what lengths they go do , and have had quite enough of being toyed around by europe . 
  i see them going for a sort of neo-ottomanism from now on , given their overtures to europe have failed . 
  and so i frankly do n't think they 'll care one damn bit about what we say from now on . 
  edit : grammar, 
  a far too costly peace . 
  i really would n't give those pools much credit , due to the circumstances it was held in . 
  `` hey , would you support this utter pipe dream ? '', 
  were it a real prospect , i 'm sure the percentage would be higher . 
  no money on it being a majority though . 
  time for varoufakis 2.0 . 
  except this time , the shunned actually deserves it . 
  as i said , i 'm aware of it , ever since i went and read about it . 
  but until then , it had always struck me as an ultimate stop sign , and thus in a way a representation of the scenario this mock map envisions : a split ireland even after those world-changing events . 
  maybe if they 're scots on a shitty day . 
  and if you think about it , there 's a real possibility he learned it from clarkson . 
  they 're mates and neighbors afterall . 
  up until i read up on the red hand , i thought it was just the unionists ' way to send the most massive `` fuck off '' they could . 
  sometimes i wonder if i really was that far from the truth ... 
  good thing hague started the banter because i could n't get past just how utterly , mindnumbingly bored cameron looked at the start . 
  by the best possible username . 
  brazil !? 
  thems be fighting words, 
  62 % -38 % in scotland . 
  and as i said , it was entirely democratic . 
  i said scotland 's righful * expectations * were defrauded , not scotland herself . 
  but the rest of the country ( save ni ) chose a different course than the one they had been all but guaranteed , against scotland 's interests . 
  to me , that opens a valid argument for their withdrawal from the uk . 
  i was not aware of that . 
  still the fact most of the surplus is coming from outside the eurozone only means it 's not being gained at our expense ; the fact it 's not being reinvested is harmful by omission all the same . 
  the imbalance categories are not representative of the impact severity of those imbalances on the european economy , but on the national one . 
  portugal 's problems are surely more severe to our own economy than germany 's are for hers , but their impact on europe at large is minor compared to those of larger economies . 
  and the demographic issue is far from germany 's alone - and slowing down global trade is surely no the way to ready ourselves for it . 
  legal power = / = legitimacy, 
  absolutely . 
  we 've got the numbers on our corner , the predictions of everyone and their mother saying we 'll hit the goals ( if maybe not as good as the government 's predictions ) , and the hypocrisy of our singling out already exposed to the world . 
  i 'd rather us take any sanctions standing on our feet knowing reason is on our side than yield to avoid them and in turn cause * actual harm * to our economy and pride . 
  ( and i voted for livre , lost , and yet got what i wanted but never hoped to dream . 
  funny how things turn out ), 
  wow . 
  and i 'm the one being accused of populism . 
  no one is being `` dragged down '' - germany 's fiscal cushion is massive , and the german economy only has to gain with investing with that safety - particularly in infrastructure . 
  nor could anyone `` step up '' , because it is * literally impossible * for all of the eu to accrue that gain of trade surplus - without inducing a worldwide recession , at least . 
  it 's idle investment power that , again , can only be accrued thanks to the euro - this level of trade imbalance would be thoroughly unsustainable with the mark . 
  europe 's largest economy holding back investment at a time where europe needs it like oxygen has obviously an effect on our collective economies . 
  i am unable to quantify it ( i 'm sure someone has attempted to ) , but there are 10 to 30b $ being withdrawn from global trade into germany 's safes each month . 
  reinvesting a portion of that might not be a miracle cure , but sure as hell would help . 
  but no . 
  piigs are just lazy . 
  you keep believing that . 
  i used to agree , and was pro-union in the last referendum . 
  as someone who believes in multiculturalism , the independence movements in scotland and catalonia went against everything i stand for ; the notion that because they are well defined cultural and linguistic nations , they could not remain within the national entity they currently share as a minority - in a democratic system , without persecution or colonial dominion . 
  i still believe that , but brexit has changed scotland 's case dramatically . 
  the expectations of the scottish people were defrauded - and the fact it was through a democratic process makes it no less true . 
  and unlike in the uk 's case , the only way for them to follow their desired political course seems to be outside of their current union . 
  and at the end of the day , the eu 's strength is more important for me than the uk 's . 
  it currently does exclude , though . 
  ireland was essentially forced by the uk to stay out of schengen to retain their open border with ni . 
  oh , i 'm not singling them out for the sake of it , but rather as ( yet ) another countries whose violations not only go unpunished but nigh unnoticed thanks to their political and economic might - which is most significant in germany 's case . 
  http://www.ft.com/fastft/2016/05/10/german-current-account-surplus-swells-to-record/ trade surplus , not budget surplus . 
  sorry for not specifying , as the other nations ' throes are budget related . 
  if only that were true . 
  the fact a lot of them are economic migrants works against the whole lot arriving in europe , but most people protesting against their presence could n't care less what their status is . 
  and do n't forget germany and their multi-year 6 % + trade surplus who is also over the eu ( or eurozone , ca n't recall ) guidelines and qualifies for a penalty . 
  i 'd even argue that kind of economical hoarding is far more harmful to the eu than our deficit ; hell , it would n't even be * possible * with the mark , it 'd have collapsed long ago , this surplus is only sustainable at the cost of the other eurozone countries . 
  yet not only are they not sanctioned for this , the last eu economic recommendations to germany stated they should save more , without making a single mention of the trade surplus . 
  there 's a point were it all ceases to be mad politics and it becomes just plain madness . 
  edit : specified trade surplus, 
  the way our drug policy is seen outside of the country is nothing short of a meme ... 
  the quaresma thing was n't aggressive , though i understand not many would like to have a buff dude just holding them like that ( there 's a comic making the rounds where he 's saying ronaldo , was this the guy that injured you ? ) . 
  it was just ... him being his playful self . 
  and matuidi was for foul accumulation iirc ( unless it was him in the whole hand thing ) . 
  i 'll grant you the pepe push , though there was some mutual pushing going on , he just went too far . 
  it was pretty hilarious to see though , as the french player barely tried to stop his fall , fell flat as a board . 
  a friend of mine has linked the same reason to the high drug use stats in norway , and its understandable . 
  still i do n't blame them for acting upon their ideology ; its just a shame it seems to be an exclusive right of the wealthy . 
  come on , 2006 was much more entertaining , 
  the ref really was crap , failed calls for both teams all match . 
  i think that was the only one in our favor , though . 
  holy shit i 'm fucking tearing up . 
  this is really happening . 
  bombings are public . 
  saddam 's persecution was n't . 
  foreign dictatorships are always great for the 9 ' o'clock news .
