  i wish that was enough , but it is n't . 
  yes , you are right by all means . 
  it 's just a combination of my unbridled anger at all these attacks with my values of individual accountability and despise of collective punishment . 
  all the anger , all the hatred so many spread towards towards an entire community , i focus entirely on the individuals at hand . 
  so you can imagine how much that is . 
  i am extremely sad that i was able to guess this was the video that was linked . 
  alongside these attacks , that some bullshit i 'm also sick and tired of . 
  note : the following is n't about being pc , it 's about my sheer hatred for a concept we 're taught from our earliest of ages : collective punishment . 
  kid behaves badly , punish the class . 
  nooooooooooooooooooo . 
  life may be fucking unfair but it 's not duty to enforce that . 
  there may be one terrorist in that group . 
  statistically , there 's likely none . 
  but there are some around . 
  kill/capture this fucker . 
  lock up anyone who helped him . 
  bomb the shit out of anyone radicalizing him from afar . 
  asap . 
  sad as it may be , we are in a french revolution sort of era : give the people their heads before they go for everyone else 's . 
  but at least that 's fair . 
  because guilt is an attribute of the individual . 
  ps : i guess it took this for me to gain the courage for my manifesto . 
  well , it 's out there . 
  shoot the fucker . 
  identify and grab anyone who helped him as fast as possible . 
  kill or prosecute and jail . 
  immediate and precise accountability . 
  yet another reason these fucks will never , * ever * win . 
  for every terrorist , there 's a thousand of us crazy bastards who are also willing to die for what we stand for . 
  aaaaand your foreign policy opinion privilegies have been revoked . 
  go home , newt . 
  true , but they would n't shoot him down even if it were - that 'd make a martyr our of erdogan , with all the weight that carries in the islamic world ( and put the west against them as well ) . 
  a properly planned coup would have escorted his plane to an airfield and arrest him on arrival ; or just let him run out of fuel if he did not comply . 
  doubt guterres would follow the same path , because 1 ) he actually has a concept of ethics , and 2 ) he 's not all that great at math . 
  i doubt it 'd have been shot down in any case . 
  making a martyr out of erdogan would be an atrocious decision . 
  yes 2 . 
  not in peacetime . 
  absolutely in case of dire need . 
  only in life or death situations . 
  see above . 
  not in shape , but no disabilities that 'd disallow me . 
  molecular biology masters , and extensive aircraft knowledge 7 . 
  medical research as per above ; aircraft pilot otherwise . 
  how ignorant . 
  sometimes it 's astroturf . 
  the protest vote argument , that `` we should vote for them to just give them enough power to discipline the government , not actually to win '' . 
  but the protest vote is still a valid vote . 
  leave won . 
  fp\u00d6 nearly did ( and it might still ) . 
  anything that could empower nationalist parties in the opposition can , under the current circumstances , lead them to actually win . 
  with the consequences we can all foresee . 
  heard that argument for a brexit vote . 
  that turned out well . 
  exactly what putin wants . 
  distract us enough that when we look back at ukraine all we see is fait accompli . 
  of course not . 
  not * their own * . 
  well belarus ' is just a waste of space . 
  meanwhile , at the legion of doom, 
  the uk dependency ones are so cute . 
  and the bulgarian and estonian ones looks like classrooms . 
  weird seeing parliaments that are n't hemicycles . 
  i wonder if they were deliberately made so as to avoid visual confrontation between mps . 
  nice is the right wing capital of france , apparently . 
  even got irritated when sarkozy decided to take his party lead acceptance speech elsewhere . 
  this is the best comment section of all time . 
  look at that evil evil fiend stealing gold from those kids !, 
  goddamnit man , i did n't even have time to get a smartphone yet and you 're already killing the game . 
  what . 
  i love my n70 . 
  runs a gba emulator and everything . 
  i am a bit of a sweedaboo , if i 'm honest - at least if we 're to believe what my friends call me . 
  mostly because we 're fans of most things military and i have an undying love for most swedish cold war indigenous equipment , like the strv 103 and just about anything saab ever made . 
  naturally , i ended up picking a bit of the culture and history while researching further into that equipment - if only tangentially . 
  almost ended up at a masters in karolinska too , but sadly the paperwork did n't come through in time . 
  damn , ninja 'd by 2 minutes . 
  how about gustavus adolphus ? 
  for the most part , those contests were a joke . 
  winners from recent history or even current figures who do n't hold a candle to historical ones , or outright dictators . 
  ( * thunderous voice * ) the english, 
  add david cameron . 
  liberator of scotland unifier of ireland . 
  ruiner of england . 
  thank you for denying a mention to the fiend who won * that * contest . 
  i would add jo\u00e3o ii to the list though . 
  neo-ottomanism denotes heightened relations with arab nations - not by any means an actual empire . 
  as for the reason , it 's all about power . 
  turkey would probably rather have hegemonic power in the region than being a pawn in european politics - as they 've seen they can be no more than that . 
  of course , this is just as i see things ; i do n't endorse the idea . 
  that , plus political and societal issues that lead many governments to not even consider the possibility . 
  what i 'm saying is , we should have given them a straight no a long time ago , rather than this hook and carrot . 
  as does isis consider themselves at war with the west , and basically anyone who does n't bow to them . 
  but that idea was n't reciprocated by the british - they merely saw it as insurgent terrorism . 
  no insurgency here , but the same concept applies . 
  i thought / pol / was ... actually , i 've no idea anymore , and that 's probably a good thing . 
  carry on . 
  i have no sympathy for their kind . 
  but they 're not all turkey is , and seeing the eu selling them illusions for this long is reprehensible . 
  i 'm a frequent reader of oryx blog , and follow his twitter account .
