  misinformation is a powerful tool . 
  no , not by any means . 
  but your lack of knowledge is their lack of knowledge as well . 
  and i imagine they 're bloody sick of jumping into the unknown . 
  such are the consequences of lack of information . 
  there 's acceptable limits for cynicism . 
  also treating a symptom . 
  was n't this the very reason gsg 9 was created from the border police ? 
  despite everything that 's happened , and i 'm sure despite whatever may happen in the future , europe is and will continue to be one of the safest places on earth . 
  these terrorism attacks spread fear , potentially catalyze each other , and make it so those deaths occurs under the worst possible ( and most reportable ) of terms . 
  but they affect the * perception * of safety far , far more than they affect our * actual * safety . 
  so long as we realize that ... 
  the fact we can laugh off stuff like this is just one more proof they have failed , and will always fail , to break us . 
  not the first time they give me a good laughter either . 
  what are you doing ? 
  reminds me of the crime statistics in the us . 
  all the reporting and media crisis would lead you to believe it keeps getting worse and worse , feeding into the likes of trump who are playing on the idea of the country being near collapse ( america has never stopped being great , you tanned sloth in a poor trump costume ) . 
  in reality , violent crime in the us has plummeted since the 80 's . 
  but the public perception is anything but that . 
  [ #weloveboringmondays ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzgm6fq_6m4 ), 
  because that 's simply not what they imagine , and they only discover that on arrival . 
  in their minds , germany is the safe haven they 've been dreaming for all their lives . 
  meanwhile , our countries are the unknown - and they 're sick and tired of the unknown . 
  i ca n't blame them for it . 
  hell , was n't there a study where most americans thought portugal was a spanish province ? 
  of course , what needs to be shown is that 's not the case . 
  if you 're a refugee with legitimate asylum claims , all of the eu will , for the most part , offer the same conditions and most certainly the shelter they require , not just germany . 
  but they lack such information , partly intentionally - i 'm sure poles do n't mind refugees thinking their country is n't as safe a harbor for them as germany . 
  it 's like that beach village in california that repeatedly removes all road signs leading to it . 
  no doubt . 
  i 'm just commenting on the perception of the name in the west . 
  lacking that knowledge , the average joe associates the name with jewish communities , and having anything terrorism-related even remotely associated with jewish communities - if only a false perception - is thoroughly unacceptable for many in the west . 
  hence the omission . 
  oh , absolutely , hence their failure of many to register there . 
  portugal 's been volunteering to take in more than our quota , thanks to an ong network that organized themselves to welcome refugees the moment talk of redistribution began . 
  a few months ago , our pm visited a greek refugee camp , and literally asked a few of them if they 'd consider coming to portugal . 
  did n't see one saying yes . 
  germany is * jannah * . 
  why would you want portugal when you can get to heaven ... 
  but it 's associated by most of the public as a jewish and christian figure , and particularly as a common given name for the former . 
  of course , this is obvious for anyone who knows islam is abrahamic , but ... 
  imagine if his name ended with - itz . 
  which is exactly what 's happening . 
  they are utterly failing ; for someone whose objective is the destruction of our very society , all their actions fall far short of that . 
  couple that with their slow but sustained loss of ground in iraq and syria , and their increased desperation becomes clearer . 
  something about a wounded animal ... 
  at least everyone gets mercedes . 
  thank you , top gear . 
  then you can buy my canned sardines !, 
  as someone who despises the seemingly universal concept of collective punishment ever since it was pushed onto me ( well , all of us ) in elementary , i ca n't help but think of the 99 . 
  hopefully it wo n't take them another 50 years to take up the the lies and deceit of the new arising parties . 
  they 're not incompatible . 
  doubt it can be argued that pushing agenda like that while reporting these events is n't petty . 
  that is truly petty . 
  so it 's like swearwords as a kid . 
  you do n't know what not to say and no figure of authority will teach you , but god have mercy on your soul if you say them . 
  again , i 'm european , and yet there 's many cultural aspects taken as standard in other european countries i have no idea about , and would have to be informed were i to move there . 
  would that mean i 'm an ignorant or a savage that has no place in that country ? 
  actually they do . 
  not all , but most palestinians are israeli citizens ( or permanent residents ) . 
  indeed . 
  and yet when see these cases in our countries , we attribute the blame to those individuals who do not follow the law and moral , with perhaps some societal involvement when seeking the motive . 
  that methodology should be applied regardless of culture and ethnicity . 
  i 've got a polish-american friend and at least for him , i can confirm this to an extent . 
  he 'll only pick fights he can win 100 % of the time and is the first one to quit out when in a rough patch . 
  but unlike what you 'd expect from americans who 'd do that , he does n't do it out of frustration , nor shows much emotion about it - it 's very much a rational choice . 
  that anything that takes significant effort and has a moderate chance of failure is not worth bothering with . 
  i 'd frankly never made the link to poland 's attitude towards immigration , but i can kinda see it now . 
  integration is a difficult process with a moderate chance of failure . 
  the way to avoid that is simply not to do it at all . 
  and it 's as if its insult of others to suggest otherwise . 
  meanwhile , screw everyone else . 
  why did i google that . 
  why ? 
  it 's seems perfectly reasonable - hell , required even - to inform ( and if needed enforce ) new arrivals of our local customs they 're unaware of . 
  i 'm european and i had no clue of the trash sorting system in germany as described on one of the posts above . 
  it 's probably the wonderful salad i just had , but i feel your post offers one of the best microcosm examples of cultural integration i 've ever seen - or the difficulties it offers , rather . 
  it 's not as if recycling is a german only thing but i had no idea it was this extensive over there , and i can certainly see it taking some getting used to for me or anyone else . 
  certainly more efficient than anything we have over here - door-to-door segregated trash collection is limited , and the nearest segregated containers are too far away for anyone on my street to bother with regularly . 
  which pains me badly , as my generation was relentlessly hammered with recycling messages - hell , i do n't know anyone my age who has n't taken a field trip to a recycling plant . 
  glad to hear at least some of the refugees were able to adapt quickly . 
  yeah , i do n't get it either . 
  it 's a nice change to see a pope who actually seems to strive for a better world . 
  i can only assume his attempts at politics have been from the wrong side of the spectrum , as far as this sub is concerned . 
  oh , and there 's the fact these statements are against polish politicians . 
  and you just do n't attack poland , ever . 
  poland is right on immigration , poland is right on economics , poland is right on the religion , and poland is on the right , period . 
  i thought i 'd never see the day where anyone would prefer an irrelevant muppet like benedict over him , but here we are . 
  wait , does that make the genesis flood ... a polish deluge ? 
  yeah well , that 's exactly correct . 
  so let 's be exactly correct . 
  the very fact he says `` liberal things '' is noteworthy , though . 
  i do n't think anyone expects him to , well , * not be a catholic priest * when it comes to most of his views , but the statements the do get publicized are things no other pope has ever even considered , which is noteworthy by itself . 
  i am in a way , yes . 
  not only what you said , but the deal cameron cut with the eu was a further bastardization of it to appease the uk . 
  and yet , that changes little of what i said . 
  europe , not just the eu , was attacked during the campaign , with tacit permission by the remain camp . 
  gordon brown had a memorable quote , arguing that the uk ought to `` lead , not to leave '' the eu , which perfectly illustrates the mindset of so many britons - those are the two choices , and being a nation among nations is simply unacceptable for the uk . 
  perhaps the fact this has been going on for centuries makes it more acceptable today for some , but not for me . 
  tends to happen when we 're collectively insulted for an entire campaign which ends up winning .
