  i agree with one of my friends who says that we 'll really know what 's up when putin either does or does n't show for crimea celebrations . 
  okay , then ... 
  what am i missing here ? 
  i mean , they do n't exactly have much in the way of cars on the road . 
  um ... what am i missing ? 
  i wish this came out when i still had the chance to ask oksana boyko about it . 
  because that is illegal in germany . 
  reigned by : a volunteer, 
  this is clearly a russophobic plot aimed at slandering vladimir vladimirovich and destabilizing the country . 
  well , now i 've got ta do some thinking ... 
  muslim european nationals were n't doing this ten years ago . 
  it is utterly foolhardy to look at these events without understanding the role that daesh , as a particular institution , plays in them . 
  yes , systemic disenfranchisement has something to do with isis terrorism in europe . 
  yes , the presence of radical islam in european societies ( particularly in prisons ) is instrumental in the phenomenon of isis terrorism . 
  but this terrorism did not happen , and i wager would not happen , without the existence of isis and its particular dedication to its mission of destroying the coexistence of muslims and non-muslims/shi ' a muslims in this world . 
  `` newspaper . '', 
  on the one hand , i think this article offers an essential and compelling rebuttal to the idea that the emergence of islamist terror cells ( and the very strong presence of really backward beliefs and sentiments in european muslim communities ) in europe is the fault of european societies . 
  europe did not oppress its muslims into terrorism , and it did not oppress its muslims into antisemitism , homophobia , and sexism . 
  a whole lot of muslim europe has simply refused to adapt to living in a liberal , secular society while enjoying the material benefits that they could not in the societies from which they/their parents came . 
  on the other hand , i think that this article has some very important fundamental shortcomings . 
  this article appears to me just like the ones written in the united states which blame the endemic poverty , cycle of violence and crime , and despair often found in poor black and latino neighborhoods in american cities entirely on the black and latino inhabitants . 
  the continued poor shape of those communities is rooted not only in the failure of the individuals therein to escape it , but also in the systemic barriers to success that people in an ethnic and religious outgroup face in a society with a different ethnic and religious majority . 
  the fact that this article is willing to paint all european muslims with the brush of the particular several hundred individuals from belgium who have gone to fight with daesh is quite telling of this . 
  when native belgians look at muslims and arabs as broadly untrustworthy , violently extremist , ungrateful , and a drain on society , can you not imagine that a young muslim man from molenbeek who is otherwise living his life the ` right ' way is going to face substantial , undeserved obstacles in succeeding with his native belgian teachers , trying to get a job in a native belgian business , or dealing with native belgian police ? 
  and this is to say nothing about the failure of many european societies to take the task of integrating their immigrant communties seriously ( a phenomenon which i 've heard a whole lot about , but about which i do n't know enough to elaborate ) . 
  this article is also ignoring the very particular political context in which young muslims are being recruited from belgium in particular to commit violence on behalf of daesh . 
  daesh in particular is having far more success recruiting european nationals in a way which al-qaeda and other militant islamist groups never had . 
  daesh 's particular apocalyptic death cult ideology and defined set of objectives ( to use prophecy from muslim holy texts to establish the doctrinal legitimacy of the caliphate , the very carefully researched articulation of daesh doctrine from muslim holy texts , the recruiting in the prison system , the drive to eliminate the ` grey space ' in which muslims and non-muslims can co-exist , the attempt to drive all sunni muslims to live in and pledge loyalty to the caliphate ( and to kill all those who refuse ) , and the eventual objective to draw the west into an epic , decisive battle in dabiq , syria ) have given them an appeal amongst muslim outcasts and ne'er - do-wells that has made them as dangerous as they are now . 
  without daesh itself , these sorts of attacks do not happen , and have not happened in the past ( at least not from the european nationals who are much more difficult to monitor and police than foreigners who travel to the west for the explicit purposes of terrorism ) . 
  to view the brussels and paris attacks as a release of pent-up rage amongst western european muslims is just not accurate . 
  zhirik is a nasty little clown , is n't he ? 
  but i thought this was obama 's fault ... 
  yeah , the facts do n't support that at all . 
  scarcity is the monkey wrench in the great wheels of justice . 
  the turkish government might as well be helping these terrorists . 
  ( it 's not implausible that they actually are . ), 
  i 've learned as much from being around / r/russia . 
  and yet living standards atrophied even more under stalin . 
  can you point to the relevant section ? 
  i have about a dozen-plus friends who are lgbt and who have fled russia for their lives since 2013 . 
  i know specifically of several who have been tortured . 
  one lost his eye when a goon fired an airgun his group of protestors . 
  i also follow klimova 's page on facebook . 
  gessen is making none of this up . 
  russia has begun to make homosexuality a defining , galvanizing issue in which russia is fighting against the horrors of decadent western secular zionist homogay nazi turkobanderovtsy nato gosdep operatives . 
  particularly since the passage of the gay propaganda law , homosexuality has become not merely a sin against god and family , but against state , motherland , and * rodina . 
  * it is detestable , repugnant , and totally characteristic of vladimir putin 's style of rule . 
  i just hope that people like lena klimova choose the right time to get out before they are thrown in prison , found dead from suicide or suspicious circumstances , or thrown into a psychiatric prison to be tortured until their souls are destroyed . 
  basically exposing all of russia 's olympic athletics as cheaters would be a colossal embarrassment for russia . 
  they take sports very seriously as a matter of national pride and reputation , and russian sports are controlled by the government . 
  because russian internal affairs matters very often include copious amounts of money laundering and other financial crime , along with the enjoyment of their fruits in the united states and other western countries . 
  his death also came in the midst of an fbi investigation into massive fraud allegedly committed by a number of his associates . 
  just sayin ' , might be relevant . 
  `` it appeared . '', 
  kinda like how rt reported a cause of death for the founder of rt and russian state media magnate , mikhail lesin , before investigators in washington ( where he was found dead in a luxury hotel ) had concluded one . 
  and almost none are recent arrivals . 
  latvija has respectables finish !, 
  is comfortings that politburo enjoy wonderfuls blessing of potato . 
  russian does n't have a ` th ' sound , so i improvised . 
  it 's not like russia has spent the past decade making damn sure that the whole economy is hugely dependent on patronage from the state to function ... oh , wait . 
  the director of levada has a regular column in vedomosti where he routinely goes into what his organization is up to . 
  it 's pretty clear that levada is still able to maintain its separation from the state ( though not without struggle ) . 
  someone should tell its director . 
  levada is n't the state . 
  a single dissenting vote would have prevented those countries from joining nato . 
  the decision to include countries in eastern and central europe was unanimous , as are all decisions of nato policy . 
  they really only restored one main corridor in the city named for putin . 
  the city remains a horrific mess . 
  even better , he talked in july of 2014 about how russia '' [ was ] not planning on shooting itself in the foot . '', 
  rt `` reported '' on the georgia war . 
  tell that to / r/russia . 
  there has to be more to this . 
  the dude got acquitted after 30 minutes . 
  how did this recalling of candidates thing work ? 
  can someone explain to a yank how this happened ? 
  irredentists or unionists, 
  i do n't understand . 
  you do n't consider access to high-powered killing machines to be the god-given right of every man , woman , and child , regardless of a state of psychosis ? 
  you mean this does n't happen every thursday over there ? 
  * citation needed . 
  solzhenitsyn was also a virulent russian nationalist . 
  ehhh ... my background comes from misha glenny 's book rather than actually living through the events , but i 'm not sure about that . 
  well , it certainly started a chain of big events ... 
  ... any room for america ? 
  your ignorance is n't even worth responding to . 
  no , over bosnia and rs ... 
  so will his dismissal of the euro-atlantic order . 
  they are n't owned or controlled by the state , and they show a consistent commitment to rigorous journalistic ethics . 
  i choose to have faith that independent journalists do n't fabricate their stories based on the people i know who write for ng . 
  believe it or not , honest journalism exists in this world . 
  only komsomolskaya pravda will do ? 
  ng is one of the ( if not the ) most authoritative sources of investigative journalism in russia . 
  i ca n't find my sources , however , on the olympics connection , so i 've updated my post above to retract that claim . 
  that information , in retrospect , probably came from conversations with well-connected security scholars . 
  [ this pretty much takes care of it . 
  ] ( https://www.novayagazeta.ru/articles/2015/07/29/65056-171-halifat-primanka-dlya-durakov-187 ), 
  that bombing took place in volgograd , not grozny . 
  ~ ~ evidence indicates that the terrorist threat to the olympics was suppressed by the fsb 's policy of smuggling islamist militants out of the country and into syria . ~ ~ * edit : russia clearly smuggled terrorists out of north caucasus to syria , but i ca n't find my sources on the connections to the olympics . 
  ah , yes , i remember that line . 
  he said that , if necessary , they can up their prayers to six times a day !,
