  russia got nothing of the sort in the 90s and 2000s . 
  i. . . need to watch this show . 
  it 's not that there are new developments , it 's that the us was only planning to deploy ten interceptor missiles and a very limited radar system that would be easily defeated by russian countermeasures , could not possibly stand up against the overwhelming russian nuclear arsenal , and would be completely ineffective against russian submarine and air-deployed nuclear assets . 
  russia considers the stakes quite a big deal greater . 
  i would not dismiss the relevance of nuclear weapons in european geopolitics . 
  [ russia maintains a robust arsenal of tactical nuclear weapons for a reason . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/war/comments/219wzn/russia_vs_nato/cgbxr3j ), 
  the threat of pyrrhic victory would quite likely be sufficient for poland . 
  the kremlin can not afford the flag-draped coffins that poland would send home with fallen russian sons . 
  no , it meant that we promised to go to the unsc if there were concerns . 
  ukraine would have to manufacture the fissile material herself . 
  this would be next to impossible , since it requires very expensive , very precise , very tightly-controlled technology . 
  the nuclear non-proliferation treaty . 
  your facts are lacking on crimea , but if you do n't want to get into that discussion , i wo n't press you . 
  and the soviet union did not want to invade west germany . 
  still , was wise to hedge against it , no ? 
  poland 's politicians do believe that the possibility of a kinetic engagement with russia is highly remote . 
  but it is the external military threat that poland is facing in the foreseeable future , and her efforts at strengthening her military will help keep the possibility remote . 
  can confirm ; am / u/kettlebellhell 's brain . 
  i have experienced above-normal atrophy as a result of reading this comment . 
  i really did like this article , except for one thing . 
  can we please stop saying that the missile defence system was capable against russia ? 
  it demonstrably was not . 
  i 'm happy to provide proof of this . 
  i. . . want to see someone else look over these . 
  i just learned a new word !, 
  the representatives are the same . 
  moreover , if you look at what the eu and the us have done , they have not put their weight behind fascists at all . 
  the eu and the us did not lend serious weight to the protest movement . 
  they stood back and watched until yanukovich began a ) outlawing demonstrations , then b ) systematically using brutal force against the demonstrations . 
  they pressured him to make agreements with the protestors , which he reneged on . 
  then , they recognised the newly-seated government when it rose . 
  yes , here are people with seriously problematic views in the ukrainian government . 
  that is ukraine 's problem . 
  they have not been taking actions to repress ethnic russians , and they have not exhibited dictatorial behaviours . 
  the common refrain from the eu and the us since russia 's invasion has been to tell russia to vacate ukrainian territory . 
  ukraine 's problems are nowhere near the point where they are anyone 's problem bit ukraine 's . 
  i 'm sorry , was that racist of me ? 
  the deputies currently in the government were elected by their constituents . 
  we 're still on earth , so yes , people are still blaming the jews . 
  you 're aware that some russians have actually voted for svoboda , right ? 
  their appeal lies in the fact that svoboda are n't pussies and they 're not yanukovich . 
  i think they 're douchebags who should never hold office , but the facts are as they are . 
  my point is that russia intervening in ukraine to protect against fascism is incredibly rich when they have a serious problem with it in their own garden . 
  it makes their claims seriously illegitimate, 
  i know . 
  i was simply making the point . 
  and russia has a much more serious problem with far-right trouble than the us . 
  then russia has no basis to judge . 
  i thought they were brass knuckles ? 
  i agree , but ukraine has a very different tradition of law enforcement ( well , i ca n't speak kindly of the law enforcement tradition applies in ireland ) . 
  moreover , their men were still taking serious hurt from the protesters while using non-lethal ordinance . 
  those cops were in serious danger to life and limb . 
  i do not excuse the actions of those forces , but i think it 's quite helpful to understand why what is happening is happening . 
  before the street fighting began ? 
  no , there were not many injured security forces . 
  during streetfighting but before live fire ? 
  yes , there have been numerous serious injuries/deaths among security forces . 
  that sort of thing happens when two groups duke it out in the street with clubs , molotov cocktails , rocks , bricks , and other dangerous weapons . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/militsiya they serve as day-to-day law enforcement . 
  when i was in kiev , ' \u043f\u043e\u043b\u0438\u0446\u0438\u044f ' ( police ) were in different uniforms , wore bullet-proof vests , were better-armed , and had more authority . 
  at least in russian/soviet context , i understand that gendarmes are internal security troops . 
  no , militsia are different from berkut . 
  i am not russian , but i extensively study russia and the former soviet union ( actually the mod of / r/formersovietunion ) . 
  this leads me to pick up on some of the russian narrative of these events . 
  putin is talking out of his ass when he says this is all western-controlled riffraff , just like he was talking out his ass when he said the same things about demonstrations in moscow and petersburg after his election . 
  but portrayals of the protesters as peaceful and helpless are not honest . 
  this is streetfighting . 
  people on both sides are getting hurt and killed . 
  let 's not pretend that this is passive civil disobedience , because that will not let us understand what is going on on the ground . 
  fair . 
  i 'm more referring to other images and vids i 've seen in which protesters are armed with firearms . 
  the fear of such weapons is likely instrumental in making the militsia use live firearms . 
  they are not unarmed . 
  being shot at themselves ? 
  and how much of that is applicable on ukraine and wo n't simply drive the government into \u0414\u044f\u0434\u044f \u0412\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0434\u044f 's ( uncle vlad 's ) awaiting embrace ? 
  i strongly doubt that it 's going to get to get that far . 
  of course , but it explains it . 
  want to know why the militsia and police are doing what they 're doing ? 
  why they 're brutally storming the protests ? 
  this is why . 
  ukraine does not have the death penalty . 
  it 's not even getting much of anywhere on reddit because it 's not sympathetic to the protesters . 
  the mangitsky list did fuck all except infuriate russia more and block adoptions of russian children to the us . 
  i seriously doubt that the us had any power to affect any change here , and i doubt the eu did , either . 
  i thought that any ` person of the book ' ( jew , christian , or muslim ) would do . 
  huh . 
  i learned that the kosher way was to slice across the jugular with a super sharp blade , and all kosher meat is also halal . 
  interesting, 
  hahahaha they do n't know how to russia . 
  it 's more about the western flags and potential nato forces a day or two 's march from st. petersburg, 
  it makes no sense and is utterly incorrect , but yes . 
  but then we 'd sound all funny . 
  [ totally switzerland ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcr94qrdqvvrfsklpgqb4zncau6a3hygobx3wrhsud6pkmd8-zbg ), 
  i posted about this in r/russia earlier , but this second attack makes the feeling even more present . 
  as a foreigner who loves russia , this shit breaks my heart . 
  i have great admiration for the russian people , but i know how they 're going to respond to this and know that these events are linked to the actions of their government . 
  fuck , man . 
  in the fucking hero city of fucking hero cities . 
  fuck terrorism , man .
