  [ it 's up and running !, 
  like me !, 
  ( i 'm american ) . 
  [ this moscow times article ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/opinion/article/how-putin-lost-ukraine/484823.html ) that i found on reddit offers a great look at the confrontation between moscow and kiev . 
  i believe that ukraine is going to have a painful road ahead to firmly attach themselves to the european economic and political sphere , but i also believe that it 's essential for the country to do so . 
  orienting towards the eu offers a far more hopeful future than putin 's ` eurasian union ' and an existence of subservience to the kremlin . 
  this is just anecdotal evidence , but i 've met russian-speaking/culturally-russian ukrainians , and they identify themselves as ukrainians far more than they do as russians . 
  do n't over-estimate their loyalty to russia . 
  demographics russia hates more than gay people . 
  ` vodka ' literally translates to ` little water ' in russian . 
  a fellow named vladimir putin . 
  the posturing of the restored putin administration may make it hard to imagine , but during the beginning of the obama administration , the us and russia were on greatly improved footing . 
  i 've done a great deal of research on this . 
  contemporary us-russia relations is my thing . 
  help me understand what you disagree with me on . 
  they assented to the strongest regime of sanctions to be passed against iran , they cancelled an order to iran for an advanced air defence system , and they assented to nato intervention in libya . 
  medvedev was the guy to get this done with , and the obama administration was able to . 
  the restoration of russian empire is the pipe dream of jack-off ultra-nationalists like vladimir zhirinovsky . 
  russia is not looking to re-assert control over its neighbours . 
  it is not capable of doing so . 
  instead , russia wants to be the power that its neighbours look to , are influenced by , and treat with respect . 
  democratic direction in most of the former fsu/warsaw pact is inimical to this . 
  moreover , the economic hegemony which moscow enjoyed over the region was critical to its national strength . 
  having this hegemony being chipped away at by the euro-atlantic political sphere ( nato and the eu ) is a serious affront to russia 's national pride and her power . 
  read what i had to say . 
  i would strongly disagree . 
  what did america gain with the admission of countries like latvia ? 
  the expansion of the basically permanently-friendly european community , the spread of stable democracy , allies in the international community , and additional trading partners . 
  all for a guarantee against an essentially impossible contingency . 
  well , europe has basically run out of plausible additional nato candidates . 
  those missile defence systems would have provided next to no capability against russian missile strikes . 
  in altering the bush missile defence strategy , the obama administration traded in a rather useless concession for a considerable amount of russian goodwill . 
  medvedev 's tenure was the time when the iron was hot in achieving gains in american relations with russia , and the obama administration was able to gain significant russian cooperation on nuclear arms reduction , pressure on iran , and action in libya because of this piecemeal offering . 
   i am just going to preface this comment by saying that we are about to get into the silliest debate possible on the internet . 
  that is , hypothetical outcomes from wars that will almost never happen . 
  someone is not thinking like a russian !, 
  russia views the west ( america and its allies ) as the primary external threat to their national security . 
  a military engagement with nato via the baltics is something within the realm of plausibility for russia 's generals . 
  it would be their worst nightmare . 
  the existence of that nightmare actually supports so much of russia 's national mythology and vision of its role in the world today . 
  i 've actually written extensively about this . 
  i can get into more detail about this scenario . 
  actually , russia 's ostensible fear is that due to a shortcoming of the conventional forces in europe agreement , nato could put a force of theoretically unlimited size a few days ' march from st. petersburg . 
  i 'm american , but i do a lot of study of russia . 
  world war ii is the greatest moment of russian history . 
  by enduring unimaginable suffering , damage , and tragedy , the soviet union halted and turned back the greatest force of evil to ever darken the earth . 
  russia sees itself as the world 's saviour from the nazis , and the claim is not really wrong . 
  the russian historical consciousness is similarly proud of turning back and defeating napoleon , which marked what was arguably the peak of russian power in world history . 
   huge war in middle-east is eventuality . 
  your entire prognostication is contingent on this not-very-certain point . 
  if the middle east is disrupted as a reliable supplier of petroleum to europe and the rest of the world , not only is global economic stability jeopardised , but for europe in particular , it leaves them much more dependent on a rather unsavoury putin regime to the east . 
  they kinda fought a war over this , you know ... 
  just imagine how this looked to the refugees who have just arrived ... 
  read the article . 
  this , too , will one day pass . 
  ... was this in estonia ? 
  estonia 's national intelligence mission and interests strongly contra-indicate the sort of active , aggressive espionage which this officer is accused of . 
  without victoria ? 
  this is where i blame obama , right ? 
  well , all of the sudden europe seems to matter again ... 
  dude ... 
  english : international monetary fund, 
  this reminds me of an old soviet joke : `` we will pretend to work so long as they pretend to pay us . '', 
  precisely . 
  this is quite likely posturing to make the eu willing to give a less-bitter deal . 
  `` that sure is a nice european consensus you have on russia . 
  it would be a shame for it to break . '', 
  with what money ? 
  perhaps . 
  but you certainly do n't measure up . 
  no , but we look down on juvenile fools . 
  or an indictment of russia . 
  i 've seen a guy on \u0416\u0416 ostensibly rebut this report , and i 'd like to hear the reply . 
  what a loathsome tyrant . 
  something something do n't tell the latvians ? 
  easy there , slobodan ... 
  i 'm gon na use that one . 
  can you talk about what he 's said regarding russia ? 
  i think you folks are missing s great deal of context in regards to what sort of comedian and man louis ck is . 
  there is not malice in his heart when he 's telling this story . 
  the ignorance he shows is just that : ignorance . 
  he simply lacks any sort of knowledge that would inform him better . 
  or at least that version of him in the story does . 
  but louie 's self-flaggelation of his ignorance is an essential part of his gig . 
  last thing you want is to give people from the caucasus more to fight about, 
  funny story : the parking lot between the german and french culture houses at my uni is referred to as `` alsace-lorraine . '', 
  please explain ? 
  i hope nobody 's surprised about this . 
  everyone is in on the sigint game . 
  is boris finally looking to get a decent hairpiece for the occasion ? 
  have you ever lived without liberty ? 
  does it involve the flouridation of water ? 
  and fucking napoleon . 
  * evil laughter in french voice *, 
  damn french ... 
  yeah , i was pretty sure the kremlin and lnf were having buttsecks when i saw the contrast between the headlines of legit journalistic outlets and of rt. 
  legit outlet : `` national front gets 61 of thousands-something council seats , fails to win any councils '' rt : `` le pen overjoyed with results . '', 
  poland probably has the best tank force in europe because they 've been hedging against the worst . 
  i do n't like the sound of this one ... 
  [ the washington post ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/03/14/this-is-why-its-impossible-for-the-kremlin-to-lie-about-putins-weird-disappearance/?tid=sm_fb ) and other posts about this on reddit have called this either false or unsubstantiated .
