is it something in the balzams ? 
  ( that was supposed to be a cheeky joke ), 
  eastern ukraine was protesting but peaceful until it was invaded by russian operatives . 
  that is what happened . 
  yeah , no . 
  this was started by the invasion of eastern ukraine by russian operatives . 
  the utter failure of the russian population to exercise and scrutiny of their government , given the history of their state and government , their total immersion in the shameless propaganda of the putin government , and their willingness to send their sons to war while not giving a damn when they return in caskets is an enormous moral failing of the whole of the russian nation . 
  because those numbers are backed by very reliable nongovernment polling . 
  russia has worked long and hard enough to make sure the homogay does n't penetrate their chaste and values-oriented youth . 
  they 've had enough success that anything short of postage stamps prominently featuring long , engorged , sinewy cock wo n't have any effect . 
  moreover , it would require the russian postal service to actually deliver a letter to its destination in order to spread the homogay from the stamp , which would be a small miracle in itself . 
  uh huh . 
  in fairness , this could all be a big misunderstanding caused by the fact that the russians did not speak slowly enough for the estonians to understand . 
  ( jesus people , has no one ever heard a joke about estonian being a slow language ? ), 
  sorry , i can only work with eastern slavic languages at this point :-p, 
  do n't care , just drink balzams . 
  no way . 
  for serious ? 
  i strongly suspect that it will have to go past your country 's tanks . 
  nobody in any position to make such a promise offered it . 
  dzerzhinsky is one of the last people in russian history worth honouring . 
  this country truly struggles to learn from history . 
  then what would be left ? 
  he 's done this before ... 
  totally inappropriate, 
  you certainly did imply that . 
  honestly , i do n't think they 'll feel forced to pick sides . 
  they do n't have a vested interest in this game , and they have n't played heavy-handedly in this conflict before . 
  nagorno-karabakh is going on just fine on its own without russian intervention or assistance . 
  that one is n't a kremlin game . 
  no , not black market weapons . 
  pirated electronics and white sex slaves . 
  not without massive , conspicuous buildups of massive armies on the borders . 
  you would be surprised . 
  the message i take from this is that the russian assertion that the us/west `` conquered '' eastern europe and robbed russia of influence in her own backyard is fundamentally bankrupt . 
  each state of eastern europe joined the rest of the continent of its own accord and is overwhelmingly satisfied with the choice . 
  he did . 
  if you count economic coercion as legitimate . 
  with fuck all in military infrastructure . 
  for the past 10 years , american strategy , deployments , and policy has overwhelmingly been pointed towards the middle east and the asian pacific . 
  that 's where our ships sail . 
  that 's where most of our air wings deploy . 
  that 's where our troops march . 
  if nato did n't exist , the kremlin would manufacture another suitable bogeyman . 
  a western enemy is a recurring meme in russian consciousness , and vladimir putin has turned it into a fetish . 
  the eurasian union is essentially a cynical ploy to codify russian economic hegemony . 
  too soon ? 
  what were you folks hoping to see at this point ? 
  about the peoples of the russian caucasus ? 
  i would not say that . 
  there is a tradition of militaristic machismo , clanship , and hostility towards foreigners in that part of the world that goes back centuries , and an ingrained hostility towards russians that goes back fewer hundreds of years . 
  the men of the north caucasus are not fighting out of soviet/eurasian solidarity . 
  that very sovietism inflicted horrendous crimes upon them . 
  they are fighting there because that is what chechen , ingush , ossetian , avar , etc. 
  men are supposed to do . 
  this comes from a solid acquaintance with russian and soviet history and a fair bit of study on the caucasus . 
  i am aware of the organisation 's origins . 
  i also know propaganda , and rferl does not often venture into that territory . 
  rferl has made concerted resistance against efforts by the us government to assert editorial influence . 
  moreover , unlike its counterparts elsewhere in the world , it actually faces accountability for its reporting . 
  it 's kind of curious why a bunch of guys from the caucasus are willing to go die alongside the kremlin 's forces when they have very little affinity for russia . 
  i guess it makes sense , however , because chechen , ingush , and other caucasus cultures are so warlike and conservative . 
  they 'll go out and fight the westerners because that 's how a man makes his bones . 
  i would n't be surprised if some of those guys have fought russians before or will in future decades . 
  rferl is pretty decent journalism and does a good job removing itself from the conflict . 
  we 'll see about that ... 
  except russia forswears having any role in this conflict , and the individual captured was a uniformed , lawful soldier operating on her own military 's territory . 
  you 'd know better than i !, 
  i reckon austria , actually . 
  i think it has more to do with nepotism ( passing one 's affairs onto one 's children or prodigy tend to put more women into management than women working their way up on their own , given all the obstacles that exist to women advancing in business ) . 
  that seems very odd to me having visited latvia . 
  okay , i 'm confused . 
  i know that a large portion of latvia speaks russian , but this makes it seem like there are more russians who speak english in latvia than who speak latvian . 
  that do n't make much sense ... does it ? 
  historically , the austrian monarchy did not control the principalities and states that united into what we now know as germany . 
  austria has , as i understand , long been politically and culturally separate from the german states . 
  and yet his ideology holds a great deal of salience with a whole lot of russia . 
  \u0411\u043e\u0436\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0439 , he 's still at it . 
  why is that ? 
  you ... must not get outside of petersburg . 
  y' all watch out for russia , y' hear ? 
  they 've decided to revile everything y' all 's liberal sociopolitical and economic order stands for and to exist as a bastion of that there orthodox christian piety and conservative statism . 
  remember how countries which have cultures that condemn abortions but keep them legal tend to have pretty high abortion rates ? 
  who is `` we ? '', 
  ukraine ? 
  yeah , i 'd say so . 
  anyone else ? 
  no , not really . 
  well , yes . 
  this is an irredentist anschluss . 
  what can they do ? 
  terminate russia 's participation in the european economic sphere . 
  if you do n't think india and pakistan do n't keep each other in check , remember that they did n't go to war after the bombay attacks . 
  they fear each other . 
  nukes will do that . 
  if this were a civil war , we 'd be seeing pictures of amateurs holding un-modded aks and rpgs . 
  we 're seeing professionals with the latest russian military equipment . 
  see , what intrigues me is that these lands are majority ukrainian . 
  does ukraine not have the right to intervene to protect ethic ukrainians ? 
  spiegel , bbc , respected american journalistic institutions ( written , i 'm not so big on tv news ) , foreign policy publications , things that link to verifiable evidence .
