  [ russia sure is strong . 
  ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/russia-medvedev-crimea-visit-no-money-social-media-pensioner/27754644.html ), 
  go home , dude . 
  that 's still conspicuously devoid of context . 
  i do n't call fox `` news , '' and i call cnn `` infotainment . '', 
  ironically named , is n't it ? 
  in the us , we call those things disgraces and scandals . 
  in russia , they call them `` tuesday . '', 
  as in the maidan , protestors responded to violent repression with violence . 
  you ca n't pretend that protests do n't exist until they escalate into retaliatory and self-defense violence against the people trying to crack down on them . 
  assad had the chance to strike a political solution . 
  instead , just like his father , he decided to respond with massacres . 
  this entire catastrophe started because assad decided to respond to a peaceful protest movement by machine-gunning civilians from helicopters in 2011 and 2012 , and russia 's utter refusal to act as if there 's something wrong with this . 
  it is n't a zero-sum enterprise . 
  they did . 
  it 's collapsing . 
  maybe because those people are likely to increase wealth in their communities back home and increase the amount of money they can spend on british goods ? 
  and give the elite in other countries an affinity for your society and a taste for your products ? 
  he was apparently at my alma mater today . 
  i hope someone heckled him while on the green and called him a twat . 
  i 'll take a shot of balzams for the occasion !, 
  a cat . 
  the joke is that they 'll turn to just about anyone to fill the toxic position . 
  did i do joke bad ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that they just pulled ` nuremburg trials ' out of their \u0436\u043e\u043f\u0430 to add a veil of credibility to it . 
  why is soros a dick ? 
  indie has been making these videos for nigh two years now . 
  it is absolutely worth it to go back and watch each and every one . 
  the ones banned from marching for their own safety ? 
  that does n't help ... 
  athletes caught in a scheme of state-sponsored cheating . 
  do you still live in latvia/did you take latvian citizenship ? 
  lol my question was more about the 's ' and stuff . 
  if your name is ivan in russian , do you call yourself ivan or ivans in latvia ? 
  in any event , thanks so much for the explanations !, 
  are there a lot of people who still have n't done that ? 
  so estonian russians are n't given full citizenship ? 
   i know the situation in estonia is quite different , you have disenfranchised your russian population to the point where large portion of them now live below the poverty line and struggle with problems like alcoholism and drug use . 
  this bit , and i guess more generally about the comparative situations of ethnic russians in both countries ? 
  can i ask what you base those claims on ? 
  asking out of earnest american ignorance . 
  i think it would be a mistake to view russian citizens living in estonia as necessarily representative of estonian russians . 
  estonian russians who took the trouble to do things like claim russian citizenship and vote in russian `` elections '' are likely to be , on balance , much more pro-russian nationalist than an estonian russian who lives in the estonian russian community , but did n't bother taking russian citizenship or participating in russian public life . 
  at least i think so . 
  feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  as someone who studies russia and the former soviet union and who travelled to latvia once , i 'm really interested to hear more about this . 
  when i was in riga , i got around pretty well using russian and english . 
  i 've been told that riga is a pretty heavily-russian city . 
  do most russians in riga ( and beyond ) speak both latvian and russian ? 
  do they have latvian citizenship ? 
  do the smart ones go to uni in latvia , europe , or russia ? 
  is there special resentment among latvian russians about things like nato military exercises , eu regulation , and cosmopolitan european culture ? 
  do latvian russians tend to have a more nostalgic view of soviet times ? 
  do latvian russians tend to call themselves by the latvian versions of their names/use latvian spellings ? 
  but those russians have , by and large , still stayed in latvia , have n't they ? 
  how curious . 
  i 'm in the middle of that book , too . 
  it 's made so much of the 20th and 21st centuries make more sense . 
   the concentration of criminals in these groups was incomparably higher than the concentration of criminals in today 's crisis . 
  can you provide some documentation ? 
  i 'm really interested to learn about this . 
  i think he just talked shit about my mother . 
  god dammit , this guy is talking his foreign funny-talk too fast . 
  this is too much for my three semesters . 
  hold on , guys , this guy 's using foreign funny-talky . 
  i can handle it . 
  i took foreign funny-talky class in high school . 
  ahem . 
  `` pahrdoneyz mwah . 
  in the cafeteria at congress , yes . 
  no , they should change their national symbol to a goat . 
  because goats do n't need german shepherds to control them . 
  yeah , that 's the ticket !, 
  for reference , ` immigrating ' refers to moving into a new country . 
  'em igrating ' refers to moving away from one 's old country . 
  it 's pretty clear from op 's responses and from his taking of an article in 1998 as gospel that he has a very poor understanding of 21st-century us-russian relations . 
  the united states has not really cared about russia from about 1994 until february of 2014 . 
  it just was n't a prime foreign policy priority , and it certainly was n't a major fixture of american geopolitical anxiety . 
  like i 'm really gon na believe homicide rates are that low in chechnya and ingushetia ? 
  sounds more glaswegian . 
  okay , too many bots . 
  after they signed a 40 year lease ? 
  not likely . 
  yes , certainly . 
  their access to that port was no more under threat than is the us hold on guantanamo bay . 
  there 's precious little actual data here ... 
  there was plenty of obscene , abhorrent evil from both . 
  why would n't i be ? 
  russia spent the blood of thousands of men to keep chechnya russian . 
  it is russia . 
  there 's no two ways about it . 
  chechnya is not arabic . 
  it 's completely bereft of intellectual seriousness . 
  just like russian political discourse . 
  chechnya is somewhat exceptional in this capacity . 
  somewhat . 
  the most humiliating electoral setback for a tory leader since ... last year . 
  it depends upon the last person he talked to at any given moment . 
  that 's , um , not an honest representation . 
  i know more about russia than you 'll ever forget , champ .
