  that 's nonsense , there are just so many bureaucratic hurdles to actually deporting someone that it actually takes a lot of time . 
  well that 's nothing new , there have been tens of thousand asylum seekers from the balkans in germany in the last few years and they are almost universally rejected and deported back . 
  see a breakdown of the 2015 numbers so far [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.asylumineurope.org/sites/default/files/stats1_1.png ), 
   as he is the leader of this successful party , supported by 21 million turkish citizens , he ca n't be target of such images . 
  wow ... just wow ... 
  well plagiarism brought him down and he was only really popular in the yellow papers to begin with . 
  i think you could make the case that merkel is such a popular figure that nobody wants to stand up to her but that 's not really her fault . 
  did she ? 
  how ? 
  i just think there is n't anyone competent enough in the spotlight right now . 
  every other party that is currently in parliament is even more pro refugee than merkels party , so in most cases , voting against merkel means voting pro refugee , except if you are going for some sort of protest vote . 
   the majority of germans ** still ** wants merkel to serve another term that `` still '' definitely makes it clear that support has been declining but that it is noteworthy to mention that a majority still supports her . 
  but you could also rephrase the headline to `` more than half of germans want merkel to serve another term '' and it would convey an entirely different message . 
  it 's not like the poll is misleading in any way , the first question is about asylum in general , the second question is specifically about the current situation . 
  even if some of the results were skewed by the current context , do n't you think it 's worrisome that those citizens ca n't make that distinction anymore ? 
  when the word * refugee * gets badmouthed by the media every day , stuff like this happens . 
   all of these states are obliged to follow the international rules if almost two thirds of the electorate oppose something like in this case in slovakia , this could change rapidly once the next election rolls by . 
  what part of . .  this is not about syrians or distribution quotas , this is about the most basic human right of asylum ... did you not understand ? 
  this poll is not about syrians or the current crisis . 
  the question clearly states '' ** should your country admit refugees from war zones ? 
  ** '' the most basic human right of asylum and a staggering number of people say no . 
  more than half in slovakia and the czech republic and over one third in hungary and poland . 
  again , imagine these numbers for a poll about jews in germany , the global backlash would be immense . 
  this is not about syrians or distribution quotas , this is about the most basic human right of asylum and if you believe this poll there are about 20 million people in the v4 who do n't give a shit about that . 
  so what ? 
  if there was a poll in my country where the majority of people said jews should be expelled from germany would n't you say the same ? 
  they 're not in the eu , but i 'm right there with you , we should n't even cooperate with them . 
  edit : i 'm fine with downvotes , i just do n't get what part of this belongs in / r/iamverysmart, 
  so by your logic the netherlands only ever have to take in refugees if they 're a result from wars in belgium or germany because those are the only possible countries where they do n't have to pass through another one first ? 
  we 're a union . 
  we share responsibilities and benefits . 
  we do n't want you to deal with all syrians we just want you to do something . 
  under those distribution models that take into account population size and economic strength you would most likely get something like 1 refugee for every 2000 citizens . 
  do n't tell me that 's an unfair burder or you ca n't deal with that or it will destroy your country . 
  when half or more of your population does n't honour basic human rights , maybe we should rethink your membership within the union . 
  and according to / r/europe we should do what ? 
  send hundreds of thousands of refugees who really need asylum and are just as afraid of the terror as we are back to isis because one of them was a terrorist ? 
  if you are a member of isis you will have ways to get into france , asylum or not . 
  yeah sending them back to syria , turkey and lebanon where they live in horrible conditions and terrorist groups are recruiting left an right sure will help to solve that problem !, 
  yeah we must deport all the jews !, 
  ehh . . 
  i mean muslims !, 
  where exactly do you want to them to go though ? 
  you are right , you have identified the problem , now we must deport all the jews !, 
  ehh . . 
  i mean muslims !, 
  so tl ; dr let turkey deal with them ? 
  yeah because we still have to pay for healthcare and education and despite all those taxes , poor people are starving in the streets !, 
  those damn rich masters who pay almost 50 % in taxes !, 
  well take out all those charities you have that help american people and then let 's compare again . 
  germans are donating to international charities as well , we just do n't need to donate money to all those foodbanks , homeless shelters or scholarships because our taxes take care of that . 
  a ridiculous small and disputed border in the extremely dangerous kashmir region . 
  so you 're saying no sane person should support refugees in their country but turkey should take them all ? 
  oh yeah all that half percent over 5 years . . oh the horror !, 
  might as well just kill myself now !, 
  i think most redditors often forget that she is the conservative/right wing candidate . 
  if she were voted out of office , she would be replaced with a government even more open to refugees . 
  47 % approval rating for her does n't mean 53 % of germans are against refugees , there is a whole bunch of people more liberal than her who want to do more . 
  agreed . 
  the amount of hatred on here is insane . 
  i avoid most political threads nowadays . 
  i would love to talk to those 40 people who have downvoted this post so far . 
  probably the same kind of people who go around telling everyone how violent those refugees are . 
   on the other hand , you did leave them behind , so who 's really at fault here ? 
  sure thing let 's just put grandma on a boat and then let her walk 1000 miles . 
  so . . they 're protesting because currently they 're forced to live off of government benefits in refugee camps and they want to start working to earn money and maybe find an apartment or something . . but you are implying they 're here for the benefits ? 
  yeah fuck human rights !, 
  these polls always reflect the opinions on the current government . 
  support has significantly shrunken over the past few years because of the direction erdogan is heading . 
  if the political landscape changes it could be a serious contender . 
  i think her popularity has increased on the left , which does n't really reflect well in the `` sonntagsfrage '' because someone aligned with spd or gr\u00fcne might approve of her policy but would of course still vote for their own party . 
  i certainly feel that way . 
  although i have my problems with all political parties in our parliament i would rather vote spd than cdu . 
  still , i very much respect the way merkel has handled the situation and i think the political center needs to be in the same boat to effectively solve this situation . 
  the government is doing a good job reaching across party platforms to form a common strategy , in certain situation having a * groko * might not be so bad after all . 
  if you 're only getting your news from / r/europe you might as well think that germany is on the brink of civil war . 
  the reality is of course far from that . 
  some of the more right wing members of cdu/csu switched to afd and that 's it . 
  the majority still supports the general direction that merkel is leading , with support from every democratic party save for die linke who favor an even looser policy . 
  wait . . 
  i thought / r/europe came to the conclusion that she is a dystopian dictator crushing all those poor sovereign states in her way ? 
  make up your mind !, 
  and as a matter of fact a majority of germans do n't want the current turkey government to be part of the eu either . 
  the dublin regulations were put in place to designate the responsibilities when it comes to taking in asylum seekers , are we violating the law when we shoulder * more * of those responsibilities ? 
  that 's like saying that paying more taxes than you have to is in violation of the law . 
  furthermore the first article of our constitution clearly takes priority over the dublin regulations and sending those refugees back to turkey or libanon would clearly violate our understanding of human dignity . 
  the debate is no longer mainly about greece because we decided on a course of action which is getting implemented right now . 
  greece accepted the terms of the last bailout and we will see how it turns out in a few months . 
  and i can not understand how you think greece was `` fucked in the ass '' but the situation of syrian refugees in turkey and lebanon is just fine . 
  exactly . 
  well then i ca n't help you . 
  the state is not acting decent just because of morals or ethics , it 's acting the way it does because it has to , it 's written in the law . 
  merkel is following that law . 
  no these are refugees and all we do is comply with the law . 
  sending them anywhere else would be in violation of human dignity . 
  the more i read / r/europe the more i think you guys want to believe everything we do is done with bad intentions . 
  first you say that we destroy our country and the rest of europe along with it by allowing a flood of immigrants in , which will surely result in sharia law and terrorist attacks in no time , now you 're saying we exploit cheap labour to empower our economic advantage over the rest of the continent , of course ignoring that we just introduced a minimum wage and have some of the strongest labour laws in the world . 
  oh and btw this is all done just to misdirect everyone from the greek financial crisis . 
  ever thought we might just care about these people ?
