  the remaining 90 % of the ~ 300bn went to irresponsible lenders that should have losses imposed . 
  i never get this point , if you think it was irresponsible to lend money to greece in the first place are you saying greece should have gone bankrupt 10 years ago ? 
  and i already talked about the `` the banks took all the aid ! '', 
  sentiment in another thread , but that 's just stupid , all the debt that greece has accumulated was spent by greece on the greece people , military , infrastructure and so on , minus the normal interest rates but plus the 100bn in debt that was already forgiven by the banks . 
  yes greece spent all that money , the banks did n't recieve anything besides 50 % of the money which the lended to greece . 
  that 's about 450bn euro greece did n't have but nevertheless spent . 
  we want to help out but greece refuses the aid , does n't take any negotiations seriously until hours before its too late , says it 's all our fault , makes us responsible for their fuck ups , rallies it 's people against the rest of the ez , calls us nazis and asks for reparations and is now willing to sue everybody because they think they have a right to receive aid with no obligations . 
  i think it 's easy to see why sympathy might run out . 
  worth it . 
  i did not send you any pms and have reported this to the mods . 
  stop offending me with your bullshit . 
   however , outside the debt , the greek deficit was around 2 % last year , was n't it ? 
  yes after 4 years of hard fought reforms which syriza threw out the window . 
  before the crisis the deficit was always around 5 % or more even with the supposedly healthy economy , that is not sustainable , the reform measures did n't create this situation , they alleviated it until syriza came to power . 
   germany and europe must agree that greece needs investment besides debt-servicing right now . 
  that is the only way the economy can have some hope . 
  and how do you plan to do that when you 're bankrupt ? 
  there is no money in the world that could sustainably turn that deficit into a surplus without structural reform . 
  what should we do ? 
  reduce corporate taxes and subsidize foreign investment ? 
  what do you think would happen ? 
  businesses flocking to greece as the new boom economy , far exceeding the pre crash one ? 
  and meanwhile greece or in effect the ez pile on more and more debt and reduce the revenue trying to finance this ? 
  you know that 's wishful thinking . 
  exactly . 
  not just better interest rates but close to no interest at all . 
  that 's the tradeoff of a unified market . 
  you increase your customer base but also your potential competitors . 
  you know what else changed ? 
  greece people can go work in all eu countries , greece companies can export their goods without tariffs or customs charges , the tourism sector flourished because of the ease of travel , businesses can work with a common currency that 's far more stable then the drachme ever was , greece received billions of euros in developmental aid from the other member states . 
  the debt is n't the fundamental problem right now , the repayments have already been postponed multiple times and greece is paying close to 0 % interest on these loans . 
  the country 's unsustainable deficit is the problem and that 's not a result of any reform measures , they need structural reforms . 
  debt relief would only delay the inevitable for a couple more years . 
  if the eu would forgive all debts , how long until greece will need aid again ? 
  oh and you said they should go bankrupt , that 's the end of the discussion for me , they are free to do so at any time , nobody is preventing them . 
  then the discussion is over . 
  greece can always deny the reforms demanded by the ez and go bankrupt , if that 's what you want . 
  oh and do n't go krugman on me , we discussed him more than enough on here . 
  so the greece government does n't suffer from chronic incompetence ? 
  look , nobody can be sure what greece will look like in 20 years but it has only been 5 years since the crisis started , you can be sure that greece would n't be all fine and dandy if they went bankrupt back then . 
  without structural reforms they will never be a healthy state , even before the crisis the deficit was unsustainable . 
  how are they supposed to suddenly skyrocket their revenue ? 
  an economic boom and an influx of investors , in a country that just went bankrupt ? 
  i would n't bet on that . 
  yes the normal interest rates everyone has to pay when borrowing money , i presume you know how banks work ? 
  i doubt they made a profit though because they agreed to cut their claims by 50 % and had to write off [ $ 100bn in losses ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/27/eu-greece-programme-idusl5e7lr02120111027 ) just because of that . 
  are we playing fallacies right now ? 
  how about the [ fallacy fallacy ] ( https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/the-fallacy-fallacy ) ? 
  well look at argentina as an example and varoufakis himself says that greece will be [ much worse off after a bankruptcy , ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2012/05/16/weisbrot-and-krugman-are-wrong-greece-cannot-pull-off-an-argentina/ ) it 's on the frontpage of / r/europe right now . 
  so they did ? 
  they forced greece to lie ? 
  oh so goldman sachs forced greece to lie ? 
  if you keep up with your scapegoating you might just end up believing it . 
  edit : ok this conversation ended with this :  fuck off , you 're only having a go at me because i 'm jewish , shame on you . 
  it 's only an audit in the sense that greece presented their own numbers and everyone else had to believe them because they were n't allowed to check . 
  so it 's ok to distrust a eurozone member and force him to open their books but it 's not ok to ask for structural reforms in exchange for emergency loans ? 
  interesting . 
   greece would have all that behind it by now , and probably would be much much better off now . 
  sure . . in your dreams maybe . 
   and which countries exported into greece while undermining the greek manufacturing sector ? 
  so now competition is suddenly undermining ? 
   what countries banks that invested in greek debt were bailed out ? 
  again , the banks were ' t bailed out , greece was . 
  please explain to me , how did they profit ? 
   saying , ` greece cooked the books , ' when you have a fleet of highly trained auditors is like saying , ' i had no idea i was supposed to actually drive this delivery truck to another destination . ', 
  yes ` highly trained auditors ' that are not allowed to actually fact check any of numbers provided by the greece government . 
  get your facts straight , eurostat has to take anything they get at face value , they have no mandate to actually look at the books . 
  if a european agency had that power it would be considered a breach of national sovereignity . 
  you sound so ridiculous , you want the eu to babysit the greece treasury but coupling emergency loans to reform demands is somehow not ok ? 
  `` please eu , babysit me , otherwise i will lie to you and lose your money ! '', 
  fine , if you think it was unethical to lend money to greece in the first place they would have gone bankrupt 10 years ago . 
  geat idea !, 
  sorry i ca n't quite follow you , so you 're saying that greece should have declared bankruptcy 10 years ago ? 
  because if you think it was unethical to give loans to greece in the first place they would have been bankrupt . 
  governments need loans to pay their bills and if you ca n't pay your bills you are bankrupt . 
  so you think it 's more ethical to let them go bankrupt ? 
  let 's also not forget that greece fudged their numbers for years , so you think the banks are at fault because they should have known that greece was lying to get those loans ? 
  what about the ez loans now ? 
  do you consider them unethical ? 
  we all know that greece is almost certainly going bankrupt why do n't you consider these loans unethical ? 
  if you consider any loan to greece unethical then this discussion is over . 
  done . 
  greece does n't get any loans and goes bankrupt . 
  done . 
  your argument is basically `` i lied to you and lost your money but it 's your fault for giving it to me ! '', 
  the banks took their hit . 
  they lost 50 % of their investments on this and people still blame them . 
   1 - of the 226,7 billion euro which were lent to the greeks , only 27 billion was actually used to finance the greek government ( pensions , wages , healthcare , etc. ), 
  the rest was mainly used to pay off existing loans , interest on the new loans and to recapitalize ( privatised ) greek banks . 
  ahh the old `` they only helped the banks !! 1 !, 
  '' - card , one of the most annoying yet persistent talking points , which makes me wonder if everyone lacks the basic principles of logic . 
  yes the main portion of the ez loans was used to pay off old debt , but does really nobody realize that greece was borrowing money in the first place which then resulted in this very same old debt ? 
  where did those loans go ? 
  to the greece people of course , to pensions , to state workers and to the military . 
  besides the usual interest no banks profitted at all from these aids , that 's how banks work , in fact they agreed to a huge 50 % haircut when the crisis started . 
  if the us would take on the debt and greece defaulted that would be equivalent of the us deficit for one year , does that phrasing suite you any better ? 
  it does n't matter if you took the hit in one year or span it out over a longer distance , you could never get this through congress . 
  yeah just buy all the debt and double your deficit , i 'm sure you will get that through congress , oh wait . . 
  that 's not speculations , that 's just facts . 
  to stay in the ez you need euros which greece ca n't get right now , how do you think they will solve this ?
