   short term mess , long term sustainability let 's ask argentina how that worked out for them . . 
  if two nato members suddenly started fighting each other , do your really think greece would have to rely on it 's own military ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm talking about the troika loans which are backed by the creditors i.e. 
  their countries tax payers and almost 30 % of that is backed by my country . 
  and fyi the interest rate on those loans is almost 0 % . 
  and that last proposal that could at least be considered as a basis for a final deal comes just a couple days before the state collapses . 
  if greece was n't stalling they should have submitted this proposal months ago or alternatively not throw away the old reform plans in the first place . 
  that 's easy to say when it 's not your money that 's going down the drain . 
  do you really consider the way greece handled the negotiations in the last few month all good and fair ? 
  the greece citizen voted in a party that blocked every reform effort that was painfully agreed upon over the last few years and finally began to show some results and now well-knowing that this situation would arise they hand in a laughable proposal just hours before it 's too late . 
  everyone outside of greece knew that syriza ca n't fulfill their campaign promises because greece would go bankrupt , why not just use common sense ? 
  why do we even have these meetings when greece ca n't even submit a proposal in time or does it so late that it ca n't be analyzed thoroughly ? 
  why do n't they just cancel the meeting then ? 
  how does anyone consider this as `` making all attempts at a deal '' !, 
   the side which has made all attempts at a deal lol . 
  are you serious right now ? 
  and greece will never have a balanced budget if there is no structural reform . 
  if syriza had their way they would still run a deficit even with the pre-crash economy . 
  regardless of their economic situation , they need to cut spending and increase revenue . 
  ah yes , the dilemma of public building projects , build something cheap and people will say it 's ugly and a shame , build something nice and people will complain about their tax money . 
  they did n't cheat , nothing what goldman sachs did was illegal . 
  greece used this mechanism to fudge its numbers , goldman sachs only complied . 
  the title is `` did goldman sachs destroyed the eurozone ? '', 
  not `` did goldman sachs and greece destroy the eurozone ? '', 
  you make it sound like the money went to the banks as opposed to the greek people and the banks profited while the people got nothing , that 's highly misleading . 
   especially germans believe that 100 % of bailout money went to greece and that greek people lived luxurious lives of this `` bailout '' money . 
  no nobody believes that , not in the way you describe it . 
   the reality is that all that money went into the banking sector and then the debts were transferred onto the greek state to safeguard the eu institutions in case of grexit . 
  see ? 
  you are totally wrong on that part . 
  greece never bailed out the banks . 
  the eurozone bailed out greece . 
  that debt was public debt all along . 
  let me spell it out for you : the greek state wants money for its spending program , so it goes to the banks to ask for a loan . 
  it presents fudged numbers to get a lot of cheap loans from the banks . 
  greece spends all that money and does n't get enough revenue in return . 
  the banks want their money back plus the agreed interest but greece does n't have that money . 
  now greece goes to the eu to ask them for money to pay off the bank loans . 
  the eu makes a deal with the banks to pay back 50 % of the loans which the banks agree to . 
  now greece does n't owe that 50 % to the banks but rather to the eu , which offer greece a much lower interest and a more fair payback schedule as long as greece manages to cut spending . 
  and in this situation , you are blaming the banks ? 
  greece never paid off the debt from anyone else besides the greek state . 
  all the money that went to the banks was just half of the money greece previously borrowed from them . 
  and that loan money was spent on the enormous public sector and social benefits , for years . 
   the only way forward is to drop the euro currency and go back to the drachma which hopefully happens this month oh the irony !, 
  that 's exactly what the bild zeitung has demanded since 2010 . 
  a minute ago you said the banks fucked you over , so which scapegoat is it ? 
  so if you hire a hitman to kill somebody , it 's the hitman 's fault ? 
  because greek people do n't want austerity . 
  in fact the current government was voted in with the promise to spend even more money . 
  that 's a very misleading thing to say . 
  yes most of that money went to the banks to pay off loans greece took out earlier . 
  where did those loans go ? 
  all of you saying that only the banks profited from this situation are clearly missing the fact that the banks agreed to a 50 % write-off equivalent to a loss of over $ 100 billion . 
  that 's $ 100 billion greece basically got for free . 
  where did that money go ? 
  mostly public sector , military spending , infrastructure projects or simply lost income due to corruption and tax evasion . 
  the greek people benefitted immensely from the government 's overspending . 
  i did n't understand a word but that video was amazing !, 
  now they only have to pay half the debts , it was a trick all along !, 
  true europe . 
  nigel just lost his job , he needs more pastries !, 
  europe pls help !, 
  but that 's exactly it or more precisely , a public acceptance and willingness to change due to scientific advances . 
  and this is not unique to western culture , that 's not at all what i 'm saying . 
  whenever a particular culture embraced new scientific technologies they excelled among their peers . 
  this is true for the egyptians , the greek , the romans , the chinese empire , and even the arabic world for a long period of time . 
  conversely the `` western '' world focused on tradition and stagnation after the fall of the roman empire which is why we refer to that time as the dark ages . 
  progression does n't have to be moral or good , neither does science . 
  the nuclear bomb was certainly a progression in advanced warfare , does n't mean it is a good thing . 
  on average however , progression has made life better for those who embrace it and those who value tradition and stagnation have been left behind . 
  that also used to be and still is one of the core tenets of christianity . 
  but many people just gave up and started cherry picking only the parts they like . 
  it 's a form of cognitive dissonance really . 
  sorry i have to disagree . 
  there certainly is a correlation between advanced implementation of science and colonization . 
  like the use of astronomy for navigation e.g. 
  allowed european sailors to cross the oceans in a reliable and safe manner . 
  the revelations of copernicus and galileo which were highly controversial among the church further helped to shape our idea of the world . 
  then advanced weaponry and later the industrial revolution and modern economics helped to solidify the status . 
  applying science does n't have to be a moral thing , nobody claimed that . 
  but it certainly resulted in the western dominance over the world . 
  maybe they just love to eat [ frankfurters ? 
  ] ( http://www.euro-goodies.com/images/sausage/egs106033_frankfurter.jpg ), 
  and if you 're for trade deals you ca n't shout how all big corporations are evil !, 
  i do n't get how so many people are so passionately pro or against the treaty when the terms are not even settled or disclosed yet . . how about instead of acting on rumors and fear mongering we wait until the treaty is disclosed and comes for a vote and than we have an informed debate ? 
  also it 's not like we 're doubling the administrative efforts , some national responsibilities are being shifted to the eu because that 's a more efficient way to deal with things . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i do n't really like the blue ones . . too flat, 
  somtimes i envy you dutch for some of the better english terms you use . 
  breaking news : new government cuts education and raises pensions by 9000 % !, 
  but those questions do n't really help you to make an informed decision . 
  i could n't tell you from the top of my head how many members the bundestag or the european parliament have , does that mean i should n't be allowed to vote ? 
  only studying a couple of facts does n't give you the whole picture . 
  if you can name every capital in the world that does n't mean you know a lot about geopolitical problems . 
   * madagascar * wow did n't know you could do italics emotes !, 
  yep , it 's actually a britsh-german co-prodction , or rather it was commisiioned by the bbc and the west german broadcasting station wdr and produced by a british studio . 
  ok maybe i said bbc when i meant the entire public broadcast in the uk , duly noted !, 
  off the top of my head ?
