  to protect human dignity is the first law in our constitution . 
  by international law we are required to give asylum to refugees . 
  if everyone else treats these people like shit we will take them in . 
  that 's it . 
  thank you !, 
  this sub is getting worse everyday . . almost / pol / levels of xenophobia . 
  * according to bild information which / r/europe just treats as fact . 
  nice job !, 
  it 's even worse than that , other than the name of the partnership , by practically every measurement gay individuals have had a far more easy and accepted life here than in the us for decades . 
  i guess you shoud n't ask frisians if they feel the bern ? 
  well what barrier ? 
  the uk already did n't participate in any of the bailout programmes and had a whole list of other exceptions on their list . 
  economically and politically they still depend on the eu just as much , with the only difference that now they do n't have any say in the rules or regulations . 
  so you 're telling me that really we all just hate refugees but are too afraid to admit it ? 
  that link talks at length about london and ukip which has exactly nothing to do with germany or public opinion on the refugee crisis here . 
  again , you can look at the polls and those federal states with the highest refugee intake also have the highest acceptance . 
  and no they 're not polling the refugees or only young people or whatever . 
  i 'm just sick of people who have never actually been here try to tell me how i should feel about my country or tell me that however i feel about it , that 's definitely wrong and i 'm just brainwashed . 
   and you 'll also note that nowhere did i say anything about cologne . 
  ... you did n't ? 
   if you 've grown up in colgne you probably just do n't know what you 're missing living in a high-trust , high social capital society and just ca n't understand what people living in homogenous communities find so terrible about mixed places . 
  this city is safer , more decent and has less crime than any city of that size in the us or most of europe . 
  please tell me again how i just do n't know what it 's like living in one of your wondrous places !, 
   if you 've grown up in colgne you probably just do n't know what you 're missing living in a high-trust , high social capital society and just ca n't understand what people living in homogenous communities find so terrible about mixed places . 
  you 're making assumptions . 
  no i did n't grow up in cologne , i actually come from an extremely white conservative village . 
   as to not knowing anyone who is fine with refugees , this may be down to selection bias - you surround yourself with people who think like you ( whether you realize it or not ) and so you never run into ethnically german people in the city who are n't fine with it . 
   there are just fewer natives around to be mad about immigrants , and you happen to live in the cohort of natives who do n't mind it at all . 
  could you stop assuming i 'm an idiot ? 
  i do n't fit your narrative so either i 'm brainwashed or live in bubble ? 
  i 'm not talking about my personal experience i 'm talking about polls , election results , social engagement , all these very clearly pointing to the fact that in germany those cities and states with the highest number of refugee also have the highest acceptance of them . 
  frankly i 'm a bit fed up with people on reddit telling me about the hellhole i 'm supposedly living in . 
  for the love of god just visit cologne for a few days . 
  it 's just a lovely city and probably magnitudes more safe and peaceful than any major us city . 
  or maybe not . . ? 
  why should people over here be afraid to voice their opinions in anonymous polls but not in other parts of the country ? 
  then again i 'm living in cologne , and according to the alt-right narrative on reddit i 'm right at the epicentre of sharia rape gangs and no-go zones . 
  yet the overwhelming majority of people here have no problem with refugees at all -- much less so than in the eastern german parts with next to no foreigners . 
  these are highly debated topics so you need to be more specific to get factual answers . 
  concerning varoufakis , of course he will say shit like that but just consider that without the eu or germany his country would be in an even worse shape right now . 
  well meanwhile in germany , the federal states with the least amount of foreigners are those with the most right wing support . 
  in mecklenburg-vorpommern , the afd party ( running on a platform targeted mostly against refugees ) just swept the floor with 21 % in the state election , becoming the second most powerful party because of a whopping 6,000 refugees in that state -- out of over one million arriving in germany since the crisis started . 
  because state income was better than expected and we over prepared because the 2015 refugee numbers were so high . 
  that does n't mean the whole thing is n't expensive . 
  i 'm just saying there are always unexpected things that effect the budget and if we just aim for a net balanced budget these things will always delay our goals . 
  continuing the surplus for a few years is safer in the long term . 
  the next financial crisis could be right around the corner , the refugee crisis already put a big dent in the budget , i would rather have two more years of moderate ` austerity ' and a solid fiscal basis than 10 years of vague promises and overly optimistic forecasts . 
  meanwhile , the uk has had no interest at all in saving the greek economy and voted to leave the eu partially because of this issue . 
   germany has also long fallen foul of eu budget rules which limit member states to running current account surpluses of no more than 6 per cent of gdp . 
  on the other hand we 're also still not meeting the maastricht criteria as our debt-to-gdp ration is still above 60 % . 
  the goal of our fiscal policy in the last few years was to meet the maastricht criteria again but now when we 're actually on the path to reach that goal the major parties are calling for increased spending and tax cuts again ( just one year before the general election so that 's expected ) . 
  somehow i get the feeling that whatever our fiscal policy is , we will always be criticised for it . 
   - we saved one wolf . 
  he was trapped in a well from the netherlands guy :  - someone might have seen a wolf . 
  i think we 're on to something here . 
  i for one have n't seen a wolf passing through . 
  you 're going off on wild speculations again so i will only address this part about pensions :  correcting that was needed , but cutting pension to actual pensionners and forcing them to work past 60 + was just plain old gratuitous in my sense . 
  oh what a horror !, 
  people have to keep working past 60 when their country is in deep shit ? 
  . . meanwhile here in germany one is the majority parties is considering upping the official retirement age up to 72 just to deal with ageing demographics . 
  if working past 60 is your definition of a devastated society i really do n't know if i can take you seriously . 
   so , yes , either there will be a need for transfert union , or to let them print some euros to make up for the trade balance . 
  greece can always leave the euro and print their own currency if they like , but do you honestly think hyper inflation is a better way to keep pensions and benefits steady ? 
  so ok , let 's look at a transfer union then , you rightly raised the point that i 'm contributing to eastern germany 's social services right now so why not pay for greece as well ? 
  the thing is germany is not just transfer union but a political union . 
  therefore i have a democratic vote and control over the budget . 
  if eastern germany is running a massive deficit i can try to fix that . 
  greece is a sovereign country , i have no say over their budget and can not control policy . 
  so why on earth should i unambiguously pay for their expenses ? 
  you are proposing to remove all fiscal responsibility away from the policy makers without giving up any sovereignty . 
  in all your posts you have n't made a single proposal on how you would fix the greek deficit , other than that you want others to pay for it just because `` oh look at those poor people !, 
   maybe you think that people living on 400-600 $ / month with prices the same than in germany is `` high '' or `` overspending '' ? 
  you 're just pulling figures out of your ass . 
  even nowadays with all the cuts the average greek pension [ is $ 882 ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/06/26/eurostat-greek-pensions-average-e882/ ) and prior too the crisis the average retirement age [ was 57 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/retirement-age-men ) . 
  you just ca n't have a system like western european countries when your revenue looks more like that of your eastern european neighbors . 
   because at that point dropping the entire debt and just giving qe to germany ( that the ecb give them anyway ) to make up the difference would n't change anything to germany , but would make a world of difference to greece . 
  and thereby becoming a transfer union and not changing anything about the greek deficit ? 
   oh you mean apart the fact they contributed as an euro member for decades to the european union ? 
  would you at least type it into google first before you make such an enormously bullshit comment ? 
  if you had , you would know that greece was in fact the highest net receiver of eu funds for the entire decade leading up to the crisis . 
  compare e.g. 
  [ this graphic here ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/spl/hi/europe/09/eu_budget_spending/img/graph_net_contrib_466x485.gif ) for net contributions in 2007 or [ this table here ] ( http://english.eu.dk/en/faq/faq/net_contribution ) for the actual figures . 
   and when east germany went in eu funds from all over europe refunded it . 
  but when it 's other states suddenly they do n't give a crap . 
  again , total bullshit . 
  germany has been the highest net contributor to the eu for decades , even through the reunification period . 
  even today i 'm still paying an extra 5.5 % on income tax to buff up eastern germany 's pension . 
  no eu money was ever used to finance that and the few projects the eu finance were paid for dozens of times over by our contributions . 
  are you really asking me to pay for greek pensions as well ? 
  why stop there ? 
  why not pay for romanian pensions as well ? 
  those are even lower than in greece ? 
   lol . 
  that 's the official version . 
  officious one is that it was 15 % of their budget . 
  they even started ( pre ) buying 100 + f35s for billions under pasok before it got sworded because get real for a minute . 
  i do n't condone corruption , the companies , just as the greek government which took part in this should be should be prosecuted to the fullest extent . 
  that does n't explain away the greek debt crisis though . 
  you ca n't just cherry pick a few cases of corruption and pick that as the sole crux for the massive sovereign debt . 
  did the germans bribe greek officials to pay higher pensions as well ?
