greece 's results for the jews does n't surprise me , conspiracies about them are strong there . 
  i read somewhere that someone thought that all politicians who ruled greece from 1974 had jewish roots . 
  same for italy 's results for muslims , but for different reasons ( ex . 
  * they steal our jobs , our houses , our culture , our women and the state cares only about them and the italians are starving * cit . 
  every fucking italian newspaper 's comment section whenever there is a news about migrants ), 
  this is not fair , damn northerners !, 
  that dog is scary . 
  minniti is our chuck norris . 
  may he be blessed . 
  this is italy , the country where you do something illegal and you do n't get punished for it . 
   germany 1944 never change , guys . 
  never change . 
  netanyahu of course !, 
  u sure ? 
  i say it ? 
  they have suffered the great recession more than us at first but they are quickly recovering despite having a brainless pm . 
  we are still stuck there . 
  come on , greece , you are n't alone in your despair . 
  surprising , is n't it ? 
  well , it seems that the guys at the eu have finally understood that getting turkeystan in now would be atrocious . 
  oh , great ... 
   baltic states joined ussr willingly , there were `` legit '' elections there wth ? 
  they really believe someone in this world believes this ? 
  do russian consider finns to be the same what is obama to americans ( ie . 
  it 's always his fault ) ? 
  why do n't they just reform the constitution and avoid this blablabla ? 
  ** genoa , july 29 - the 22,000 ligurian healthcare workers have an electronic microchip as large as a lentil , inserted between the seams of their workwears . 
  tullio rossi , a trade unionist who discovered the microchip in his jacket , denouncing the case , claims it 's an illegal way to control employees and violate privacy . 
  rossi , who is serving as a concierge at the galliera hospital , together with colleagues wrote a letter to the asl saying that the staff `` is upset by randomly learning of the microchip '' - this system is already widespread in six regions to avoid wasting , says the regional councilor of health sonia viale . 
  `` the aim of the microchip is to avoid wasting and forgetfulness of shirts outside the hospitals , greater safety and hygiene standards and higher quality fabrics to guarantee the quality of the tissues , of the decoration of the uniforms and of the linens used . 
  for ms. alisa , `` the microchip reduces waste and increases safety and hygiene '' . 
  ** ps : excuse me if the translation is n't perfect , i used google translate because translating word-to-word was too much time-consuming . 
  comment on the margin : great , now i only wait to find out that our heads of state are israeli citizens with two passports and then i can die in peace . 
  after the experiment in wisconsin , the chip also arrives in italy ... the longer the time , the more i think the `` conspiratards '' do n't have all the wrongs . 
  i hope that wisconsin 's experiment fails , because if something manages to be succesful in usa , italy and europe follow . 
  we have nsa and our governments spying on our internet already , no thanks . 
  i heard that palermo is quite a shithole . 
  i live in catania tho , so i ca n't confirm it . 
   and southern italy ( where i 've actually lived ) is by far the most chaotic , unlawful and dirty place there is . 
  before butthurt southeners come here attacking you , i 'm sicilian and i tell you you 're absolutely right . 
  however italy is not only sicily , luckily . 
  lol we 're under estonia . 
  unemployment and populism rising maybe ? 
  ot : saakashvili was the ex-georgian president . 
  it 's not a bit ... treasonous to have political office in another country ? 
  and how did he get the ukrainian citizenship ? 
  pfft . 
  amateurs . 
  orban wat u doing orban pls stop, 
  translation : * it seemed strange to me that you were gone * scrivi in inglese , cazzo !, 
  ( * write in english , fuck !, 
  * ) anyway , i 've been less present than in the past . 
  now that i think of it ... let 's throw him in a river . 
  translation : * trust me , as soon as you go abroad you realize that the situation in italy could be much , but much worse . 
  i have never met an italian expat whom does not miss italy a lot . 
  this does not mean , however , that everything is fine in italy , of course not . 
  but instead of getting caught in despair , is it not better to be more optimistic and then make an effort to improve the situation ? 
  * with the latest polls that give the center-right with salvini , meloni and berlusconi raising and m5s being first single party , i do not know if there is to be optimistic . 
  if the government parties suck , the alternatives are unfortunately no better . 
  * level of not caring : maximum * . 
  eli5 : what do you mean with `` global '' ? 
  anyway , better if you delay your return of ... hmmm ... let 's say , 15-20 years . 
  ok , i meant `` a new 1789 '' . 
  and do n't call me pessimistic , because it 's gon na happen one day . 
  ps : you live in the uk , it seems . 
  in italy it 's worse . 
  let 's do a french revolution and menace to take the skin off corrupt politicians , and you 'll see everything willl be fixed and those fuckers at palazzo madama and montecitorio will start to care . 
  this is the only way to fix my country . 
  this , getting to greece 's levels or germany annexing us . 
  they 're absolutely right to be pessimist . 
  50 % of the country is sprung down right into the second world , the politicians do n't care and there are no good alternatives . 
  there are only five solutions : * french revolution * getting to greece 's levels * quitting this country and letting it flush in hell * letting germany annex us * throwing an atomic bomb over rome , killing mafiosi and corrupt politicians nothing else . 
  [ my face right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn977w9hjwm ), 
  make rome great again !, 
   hmm , you going to have to get rid of berlusconi first . 
  i suggest either drowning him in the sea or throwing him into mount vesuvius , but the method is really up to you . 
  the second is better . 
   in return we are going to make sure the trash is going to get picked up on time . 
   silly italian , if we fix your economy you no longer have to come here to make real food for us . 
  if you annex us , we 'll promise to still cook real food for you . 
   though i guess we could only take the north . 
  yes that could work very well . 
  why not the south ? 
  pls we need help :(  please send your application to this email address : `` poststelle ( at ) bundeskanzlerin.de-mail . de '' . 
  i hope merkel will accept ... 
  this is even more cruel than austerity . 
  damn germans . 
  ^ is ^ there ^ a ^ place ^ for ^ a ^ new ^ bundesland ^ pls ? 
  nope , even north italy is a banana republic . 
  less than the south , but it is . 
  this happened because we are a banana republic . 
  orwell is spinning in his grave . 
  anyway rip democratic turkey 1919 ( or 1923 ? 
  actually , the site has been online from the late 90s and generally the stereotypes here about the jews are the same as anywhere else ( lots of money , want the worst of non-jew people , force globalization , control the media yadda yadda yadda ) , but i do n't think there are many people who believe them . 
  i think that conspiratard rage in italy is more directed to masonry than jew people . 
  and come on , draghi is obviously a jew . 
  i mean , have you seen the nose ? 
  www.holywar.org and my brother do . 
  also , in that site , whenever a pm or a president of a european country is mentioned , other then calling them jews like monti ( lol ) , sarkozy ( the big nose maybe ? ), 
  and merkel , his/her nationality is most times is written in quotes ( es .
