confused expat rotterdammer here , does this refers to the area code prefix of the city ? 
  ah but here 's the tricky thing : in case a foreign worker lost his or her job , depending on the eu member state itself , usually he or she only has several weeks to a couple of months at most to find a new job or leave the country . 
  thus , this basic income initiative would mean nothing to non-eu citizens since they would not enjoy the protection of dignity that it provides . 
  this is not a problem of your initiative , of course , but issues about the rights of non-eu citizens will inevitably rise . 
  i would argue that in case this basic income rights is instituted , foreign workers should enjoy a small tax reduction since in practice they are paying for a right that they would not enjoy . 
  not sure whether the big folks in luxembourg would like that . 
  as a non-eu citizen living and working in the eu , i can not help but ask about your official stance regarding non-eu citizens on this initiative . 
  as a highly skilled migrant working in the eu , annually i paid more than $ 18.000 of my salary as tax to the eu country where i lived on . 
  if non-eu citizens are excluded from this initiative , i would resent the implication that i am being taxed in support for a basic right that i would not receive in the unfortunate case whereupon i lost my job , for example . 
  inverted poland here . 
  surprised that we did not even made the list , considering how many indonesians are over here . 
  you can always ask for another anschluss , it comes along with free train wifi nowadays . 
  i admire your tenacity as a mod , but just give up man , those are the kind of people frequenting / r/europe nowadays . 
  who needs brigading when those who usually brigade are now the regular frequenters to this sub ? 
  if i recall correctly , france and uk were two of the most vehement countries in bombing libya and getting rid of gaddafi . 
  the french air force even carried out more bombings than anyone else in eu or nato . 
  so you are saying that this refugee crisis is arguably and partially eu 's own fault ? 
  careful there , some people in this subreddit would n't like that narrative . 
  or , you know , they could be travelling to hungary via land routes . 
  airfares are expensive and money is not something refugees are particularly in abundance with . 
   this is n't about race or outsiders . 
  i would n't have such a problem with this if it were chinese people coming , or non-muslim indians , or non-muslim africans . 
  because these people display a greater ability to assimilate . 
  lol , you did n't get around much did you ? 
  almost every major cities in this planet have their own chinatown district . 
   why ? 
  have i said something wrong ? 
  i am merely stating facts which for some reason you find uncomfortable . 
  no you do n't , none of the following sentences were facts , you even started the sentence by assuming an assumption :   people like to assume that because they 're refugees , then they are deserving . 
  who knows how many murderers , molesters and thieves hide amongst their number . 
  not every refugee is a deserving refugee . 
  learn the difference between facts , opinions , and assumptions . 
  i 'll probably be downvoted for rationalizing with you , so go ahead downvoters . 
  you should not consider internet forums as representative samples then . 
  well , in the us , according to the us census , arab americans have lower unemployment compared to the rest of the country and are [ generally more affluent . 
  ] ( http://www.allied-media.com/images/oct03demo-chart1.jpg ) since you are willing to paint in a very broad strokes and equate all arabs as the same , then , applying the same brush , i can draw the conclusion that their high unemployment and crime rates in denmark are simply because denmark is more culturally and institutionally hostile against arabs compared to the united states . 
  and before you argue that arab americans are not refugees like arab groups living in denmark are , and thus imply that they are more highly educated , the [ largest arab american group are lebanese refugees fleeing the lebanon war ] ( http://www.allied-media.com/images/oct03demo-pie-color.jpg ) . 
  how about polish immigrants in other european countries ( e.g. 
  germany ) , do you expect them to be not integrated unless they call themselves germans , speak fluent german , and respect the germanic `` values '' ? 
  here in the netherlands it costs me 1200 euros for all the red tape fees that i need to go through to bring my wife here . 
  ( we are both non-eu citizens ) that is , until a year later the european council slapped the dutch government saying that the fee is way too high and inhumane ( since it cause unnecessary barrier to family reunifications ) , where they then lowered the fee to about 500 euros . 
  several months after that , i got 700 euros back on my bank account , courtesy of the immigration department . 
  thanks , ec !, 
  whoop , if that is true , i felt validated that , as a non-european expat , i always live my life in europe under the ever-present assumption that i will need a quick exit within a few months . 
  to be fair , skype , acquired for $ 8.5 billion , was born from the estonian startup scene , so it is probably easier for estonian startups to point at skype as a possible success story . 
  after experiencing so many rich islamic cultures from all over the world , i am under the opinion whenever someone said `` most traditional muslim women '' , invariably he or she actually meant `` most traditional muslim women in my culture '' . 
  in my culture ( indonesia ) most traditional muslim women join the eid prayer . 
  eh , sounds like you are biased due to your local culture in bosnia . 
  most muslim scholars agreed that eid prayer is not mandatory for * both * men or women , unlike the friday prayer where it was considered as mandatory for men and not mandatory for women . 
   norway ? 
  yes , although for norway the cause is more due to the extremely xenophobic attitude that norwegian employers have . 
  source : used to live there for several years . 
  never again . 
  edit : it 's not just me : [ `` want to work in norway ? 
  not norwegian ? 
  forget it !, 
  '' ] ( http://udi.blogg.no/1197185651_interesting_post_what.html ), 
  not to mention that the `` people '' referred in that hadith are pagan worshippers in mecca and it 's surrounding regions , whom waged war against muhammad at that time , and certainly not referring to every people in the planet . 
  the qur ' an itself said that `` there is no compulsion in religion '' . 
  not op , but the rule of engagements in islam is quite clear that war are only permitted in self-defense and only male combatants are valid targets , so this alone is enough reason to condemn the barbaric and indiscriminate nature of terrorism , regardless of who the victims are . 
  there are huge difference though between believing a punishment and the willingness to really execute a punishment even if they were given the chance and legal right to do so . 
  i do n't believe any of your muslim friends will be willing to pull the lever on the gallow for an apostate . 
  there 's a certain kind of pragmatism on the matter of punishments . 
  god will be the final and most fair judge whether what someone did during his/her life will be worthy of punishments or rewards , so even those who agree that a certain act should be punished will most often left it unpunished in real life , believing that god will be the one that deal the just punishment in afterlife . 
  even then , rewards and punishments are never black and white . 
  there 's a famous story where a whore ended up having her worldly sins forgiven by god because she gave a starving dog her ration of water out of her compassion . 
  consultants are usually working on one-off projects with tight time constraints . 
  ( e.g. 
  anywhere between 3 to 12 months ) and once the project is done , the consultant handed over the work to the company that hires him/her , and moved to another project at a different client . 
  i consider consulting to be grueling since you kept on moving from projects to projects , constantly changing clients and colleagues , treated differently compared to internal employees , often forced to cut corners since the company refused to move the deadline , and you are rarely able to see the fruit of your labor since the one that will reap the hard work will be the company 's internal team . 
  but hey , some people thrive on a constantly changing landscape , stack , and colleagues , so more power to them if they enjoyed that kind of work , it 's just not the kind of work that i want to pursue as a career . 
  nah mate , more often it depends whether the submission is against islam or not . 
  i consider programming to be a subset of what a software engineer do , but to answer your question , i 'm into large scale system development . 
  specifically high scalability systems , the kind of system that handles tens of thousands of request per second or more and able to grow rapidly according to demand . 
  depends on what kind of career path that you are looking for . 
  you can theoretically start with zero programming skills , join some consulting company ( e.g. 
  capgemini or accenture ) , get several months of training and certifications , and start working in the it industry as an it consultant . 
  but being an it consultant is just one career path among many in it , and i personally felt that it is a more gruesome and tiring path . 
  if you want to work in the software engineering division of tech companies like amazon or booking.com , a good degree in it will bootstrap your career by a lot . 
  because , you see , a good it program does not just teach you how to program , it also teaches you how to design good software systems , how to manage an it project , how to understand algorithm and complexities and use it on your design , how to specialize in deeper topics such as network engineering or it security or computer vision . 
  sure , one can learn by themselves all those things , and i have great respect to those who self-learn themselves in it , but 4-6 years of intense studying on the subject amounts to a huge head start if you have an it degree . 
  case in point , at 28 years old i 'm already at a senior position , whereas colleagues at work that switch field and self-learn took an extra 5 years or more to reach a senior position . 
  haha , yes , this aligns perfectly with my experience . 
  from a dozen bachelor internship applicants that we interviewed , maybe ten of them said something alike `` oh i do n't actually want to be a programmer , i 'm more a business it guy , and i view this internship as a stepping stone towards a managerial position '' what they did n't realize is that there are so many people like them that their particular job position are oversaturated with applicants , and they will be skipped in preference compared to people with more work experience . 
  first things first , you should go study for the exam , or at least take a good rest to clear your mind so that you can face the exam fresh . 
  second , i 'm not sure whether we can paint the entire asia with such a broad strokes , china and india was not even south east asian countries , and among those examples at least china has started to reap the fruit of its investments . 
  third , it is not correct that humanities education was neglected in indonesia , despite of the huge clamor towards stem fields . 
  if anything , more people are taking humanities than stem , they are just not as selective as stem fields in filtering their intakes . 
  after all , even the top 10 % is still cream of the crop . 
  the problem is that we have a severe bottleneck in tertiary educational institutions in indonesia across all fields . 
  ( more on that later ) the emphasis that i wanted to outline is that degrees from stem fields accrue more respect within the indonesian society , and seen as a guarantor of a better career path compared to others . 
  the downside is that a lot of smart and bright young kids , but with passion somewhere else than in stem , were entering the field instead of pursuing their own passion . 
  about one-fifth of my bachelor class ended up dropping out and switching to a different major due to this lack of passion . 
  the `` trained elite '' part was a bit of a misconception , the desire was not to create an elite cadre of ivory tower intellectuals in order to somewhat maintain a tech hegemony , but the perception arise due to the severe lack of educators and universities across the country that bottlenecked the production of engineers and intellectuals . 
  the government has invested * a lot * in opening new universities across indonesia , but it is still hard to attract quality educators , especially since usually phd-level graduates were educated abroad . 
  we probably need another 10-15 years before we can start to produce our own phds at a rate that satisfy the domestic demand . 
   western education is more focused on creative tasks while southeast asian education systems take math and useful sciences more seriously . 
  maybe this is anecdotal , but that kinda explains the dearth of engineering graduates around here ( the netherlands ) and in other european countries that i 've lived on . 
  it seems like every other kids wanted to go to management/business/law / arts because stem is `` too hard '' and not seen as a goal worthy of slaving your life into . 
  in contrast , back in my home country ( indonesia ) people are clamoring to get into tech/engineering/medical , and tech universities are able to be very selective due to the overwhelming number of applicants that they receive .
