  like , taking the top 1 % -2 % of intake kind of selective . 
  i 'm not complaining though , the lack of engineers in the european labor market was the primary cause why a lot of high paying european tech companies `` imported '' engineers from outside the eu . 
  it 's not that we are depriving europeans from engineering jobs , it is simply that there are not enough europeans that wanted to be engineers in the first place , and in any case we are only fulfilling a small percentage of that labor gap . 
  only the sith deals with absolutes , my young padawan, 
  you keep on repeating that we should avoid the system , highlighting your lengthy experience with it , yet you gave nary a reason as to why we should avoid it on the first place beside `` not teaching any creativity '' , which sounds like a lot of other education systems elsewhere and does n't seem to be critical enough reasoning to avoid their system entirely . 
  so , again , like the other redditor had asked , can you elaborate as to why the finnish education system should be avoided , preferably without doing an appeal to your personal authority ? 
  comparing two wrongs does not make the lesser one any more right though . 
   either way , you 're still privileged to be able to live in the netherlands . 
  funny that in your mindset , i am the one that is privileged to be able to live in the netherlands . 
  when practically the entire world is at your doorstep , whichever countries you choose have the privilege to be chosen by you . 
  and when you have lived in a lot of countries like i did , with all their own ups and downs , the concept that any single country has a certain kind of exceptionalism ( and therefore living there should be a privilege for me ) kinda disappear . 
   if you do n't agree with dutch society or dutch politics , you 're free to move to another country , which would n't be a problem since you 're `` highly skilled '' and countries are apparently begging you to come over . 
  oh i do n't actually care about the politics or the dynamics of the dutch society , it 's their own internal matters and they can do or decide anything they please as long as it does not directly and negatively affect me or my family . 
  that being said , my entire life and lifestyle here has been designed for a quick exit somewhere else the moment we need it . 
  to be brutally honest , the only thing i care about is the money that the dutch economy will be willing to offer for my skill and experience . 
  that is why that in several years , when my tax incentives expire , it is already in my plan to move somewhere else . 
  maybe to asia or australia , where most of the money will be within the next few decades . 
  not anywhere in europe though , the long-term prognosis is not that good over here . 
  science and engineering are pretty much internationalized in this day and age , and corporations or research institutes active on those fields will not be able to survive the competition if they imposed mandatory dutch-speaking ability as a prerequisite for people to apply to opportunities that they presented . 
  the only exception that i know of is for `` solutions consultant '' positions , but that is because such positions are mostly a sales position since they will sell their solutions directly to dutch-speaking clients , and their pay grade is lower anyway than someone at an engineering position . 
  eh , if his work is in science or engineering , he 'll be fine with only english . 
  learning dutch is not mandatory for having a good life in the netherlands , so it is a false dichotomy that an immigrant need to learn dutch or be doomed to live in the streets . 
  you know , that made quite some sense , i wonder why a `` targeted '' minority seem to be a persistent element across the times . 
  i also saw some parallel with how japanese immigrants were marginalized in the 1940s , and how quickly japanese-american groups offered their sympathies and offer of help to arab-americans in the wake of 9/11 , because they understand the kind of marginalization that those groups will receive in the following years . 
  as an indonesian , it also intriguing that the dutch seem to differentiate between indonesians and moluccans , whereas for indonesians both groups are considered as the same due to our own national integration . 
  i saw nothing different between indonesians and the `` arabs , turks , africans , moroccans '' mentioned in the article . 
  i would even say that the path to integration and the scale of hostility exhibited by first-generation indonesians are much rougher than those other immigrant groups , or have the dutch forgot how disenfranchised first-generation indonesians used to [ launch ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1977_dutch_train_hostage_crisis ) [ several ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1977_dutch_school_hostage_crisis ) [ terrorist and hostage attacks ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1975_dutch_train_hostage_crisis ) back in the 1970s ? 
  have the dutch also forgot that indonesian immigrants formed a [ one-percenter organized crime syndicate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/satudarah ) ? 
  or , and this is the suspicion that i shared with several native dutch colleagues at work , indonesians are never being targeted by the likes of geert wilders because [ geert wilders himself is actually third-generation indonesian immigrant from his mother 's side . 
  heh , as an indonesian expat living in the netherlands , this comment struck me as funny . 
  i saw that the tendency was the other way around , most dutch people embraces foreign cultures , not shunning them . 
  just look at the number of indonesian restaurants and shops scattered all over the netherlands and how our cuisines are readily accepted by the dutch populace , i 'd say that the dutch has learned to live with indonesian immigrants instead . 
  they are not `` imported '' though . 
  they are part of the obligation for unhcr member countries in helping refugees and asylum seekers , which at last count have 146 countries as ratifying parties . 
  i 'm a muslim living in the netherlands , i 'm a first-generation `` highly-skilled/knowledge-based migrant '' based on the dutch government 's own classification , so even though most dutch muslims that i know of are second or third generation immigrants that have integrated well within the dutch society , i am part of those muslims who you claim to be `` imported '' by the government . 
  but the simple truth is , i can choose to live anywhere in the world due to my skill set and experience . 
  i have lived in half dozen european countries , and yet i choose to settle here because i feel that the dutch culture are the incredibly friendly towards people from different cultures . 
  you seem to be under the illusion that the dutch government specifically `` imports '' muslims to enter the country , but the simple hard fact is that the kind of people they want to `` import '' to the economy are those with so much knowledge , skill , and experience , that the dutch population itself is not able to provide , at least not at the rate that the economy needs them , and muslims are actually a minority among this set of highly knowledgeable people . 
  heck , the dutch government wanted people like me to stay here and contribute to the economy so much that they gave me huge tax incentives ( i am taxed at 18 % instead of the 34 % that others at my salary level are supposed to be taxed ) just to increase my willingness to stay here a bit longer . 
  the government is practically begging people like me to stay and help the economy . 
  eh , as a muslim expat living in the netherlands , i saw like one or two face-covering burqas per year among the muslim communities in here , this is mostly a symbolic ruling . 
  that being said , i 'm uncomfortable with the pm saying that this ruling is to `` enforce dutch values '' because it will open a can of worms about how exactly a burqa is contrary to the dutch values and which values are they exactly . 
  why do n't they say that the ruling is for security reasons instead ? 
  sshhh . . you should n't break the illusion that there could be no rigged elections in full democracy countries . 
  rotterdam highly skilled expat here . 
  that 50 % number is valid for rotterdam more than amsterdam . 
  also , calling allochtoon as non-dutch is a bad translation . 
  even a third generation immigrants whose parents migrated to the netherlands half a century ago are still called allochtoon . 
  fun fact : the current king and queen of the netherlands are actually allochtoon , thus showing how silly the term is . 
  software engineer here . 
  he 's right , you know . 
  i earn way above my peers here , but my salary is still about 60 % of what i can get had i worked in the us . 
  seeing that the euro is forecasted to plummet to $ 0.85 within a couple of years , i might very well move there next year since that will make my salary drops to 40 % of my american peers . 
   we consider the suggestion bullying . 
  this is the gist of the issue , thank you for the perspective and the translation . 
  well , technically a war involves massive amounts of shootings . . 
  truly the sign of proper integration !, 
  nah mate , he just need to order all his food through [ just-eat . be ] ( http://www.just-eat.be/ ) and pay with bitcoins , problem solved . 
  there 's a saying in indonesia that we indonesians were not conquered by a nation , but rather by a corporation . 
  :p our term for the dutch conquerors and dutch rulers were `` kumpeni '' , which came from `` compagnie '' in `` vereenigde oost-indische compagnie '' . 
  ask trump maybe ? 
  not the median , of course , but you are right that the curve climbs up pretty sharply as you gained experience . 
  it is common across many industries in indonesia that a general manager with 10 years of experience can earn 10x as much as a fresh graduate . 
  in the netherlands , that ratio is probably closer to 2x than 10x . 
  seeing that a fresh grad in engineering in indonesia can earn like double the average income , you can imagine how much an experienced hire in engineering can earn in indonesia . 
  couple that with the low cost of living , economy-wise i already know since years ago that i could live a much more luxurious life in indonesia compared to living in europe . 
  but , as i said before , salary only plays a minor factor in our decision . 
  that * is * the level of salary in indonesia . 
   i mentioned above that we have 5 % -6 % annual growth in our economy , which has been ongoing for the past 10 years , and there 's a severe shortage of experienced hire to cope with the rapid growth and scale up , so the salary for an experienced hire is already very high since several years ago . 
  but only this year i decided to move out from europe , for various reasons i had mentioned elsewhere in this thread . 
  i never said that . 
   plus , the salary i will get in indonesia is actually higher than the salary i receive in the netherlands , but that 's only a minor factor in our decision . 
  economic metric plays a role in that the growth has been stagnating these past several years , and with the squabble we often have at the eu level , i do n't see any coherent policies that will bring us out of the stagnation will be formed by eu leaderships any soon . 
  on the other hand , the incredible growth that asia has , around 5 % -6 % per year for indonesia , meant a lot of opportunities are opening up for me and my wife . 
  it will also be much easier for my wife to work in indonesia , whereas in here , even though she has a master degree from a good dutch university , she can not find any employment . 
  sociopolitical-wise , i 'm eyeing the recent resurgence of geert wilders ' popularity as a benchmark on how dutch policies might change for the worse for expats and immigrants . 
  last time pvv was in the government , they implemented several exclusion policies on benefits for non-eu knowledge expats , and i see the trend will reoccur if their party joined the government again . 
  well , you know , the recent continent-wide hostility against immigrants in europe . 
  i know it 's mostly directed against the influx of refugees , and working as an engineer in an international company , everyone around me tried to assure me that i wo n't feel much impact from any incoming political or societal changes . 
  i 'm all in for stronger checks and limited quota for incoming refugees , but i know discussions about the issue can turn emotional , and it 's hard not to feel trapped in the middle of the crossfire , if you know what i mean . 
  fist bump with fellow red-and-white horizontal flag . 
  :d but yeah man , i can imagine how great it is living in your own country and surrounded with your families . 
  we have a 1.5 year old daughter that just broke our heart whenever she 's acting sulky after having a facetime with her grandparents back home , because we know she miss them but can only meet them for like three weeks every year , and after a 15 hours nonstop flight . 
  we are indonesians living in the netherlands , and we already plan to move back to indonesia this summer . 
  lots of things in europe are simply changing for the worse compared to when we move here nearly a decade ago . 
  nah , friet met sat\u00e9saus is what you want for observing such a fun discussion . 
   you still can have laws and law enforcement in an anarchy . 
  neither of those exists in any meaningful or effective form in libya right now , so your point is moot . 
  what cold ? 
  there are no cold in norway , only inadequate clothing . 
  i agree with you . 
  immigrants or not , y' all need to start fucking anyway to alleviate europe 's continent-wide declining demographic . 
  ( which has been occurring for many many years , even before the current crisis occurs ), 
  they chose to dance with dutch trains instead , right ? 
  they always falter when it comes to the real election . 
  there were some political analysis about this once , and the reason is because polls carry no political consequences , and people who are dissatisfied with the government 's performance were polling for pvv as a way to whip the government into action . 
  but when it comes to the real election , with real consequences , those people wo n't vote for pvv because they know pvv would run the government to halt with their radical policies . 
  eh , the same thing were said for the rise of geert wilders ' pvv , but look at what kind of `` rude awakening '' that the dutch government had ten years down the road . 
  ( hint : none ), 
  to be honest i think it 's entirely dependent on which hive mind achieve dominance first on a particular thread .
