  the us nowadays has more or less recovered from its waves of islamophobia when compared to its 2001-2005 peak , so i still held hope that given enough time , the current wave in europe will also dwindle down to a rational level . 
  to be honest , i do n't see that happening either in the next 2-3 years . 
  i 'm also worried that if the anti-immigration parties gained more support in their parliaments , they will push for regulations that will make life harder for us knowledge expats . 
  as i said before , i already paid as much tax as any high earning eu citizen has , and often times we already receive much less benefits or protections because we are non-citizens , making our life more difficult just for political brownie points will be the straw that broke the camel 's back , so to say . 
  depends on where in europe it is . 
  the netherlands is quite expensive , i 'm already paying $ 1500/month for my apartment and its related expenses . 
  i can live in a nice suburb in australia or rent a 2 bedroom apartment in singapore with roughly the same amount of money . 
  eh , i would n't put too much weight on a site calling itself barenakedislam.com , and i 've plenty of friends working in singapore that can vouch for its safety and its relatively well integrated muslim communities . 
  as for australia turning back the boats , that is for illegal immigrants . 
  highly skilled knowledge expats are totally different , we should n't have much problem finding high paying employment and legally entering australia . 
  knowledge expat here . 
  having been working in europe for 7 years , i 'm starting to seriously entertain the idea of moving out of the continent and live somewhere else in the world , maybe australia or singapore for a change , especially since europe is getting ever more hostile against muslim immigrants and the trend does not look like it 's going to reverse soon . 
  i 've been paying a total of around $ 135.000 in government taxes all these years in europe , and i can earn $ 1000 more in monthly net income had i moved to australia or singapore , so economically it makes more sense for me to move out . 
  i have n't done so because i love europe 's welcoming culture and i want my daughter to grow up here , but that love is eroding fast nowadays . 
  anyone can share their thoughts if they were in my shoes ? 
  would moving out of europe be a good idea , or would things get better soon enough ? 
  i 'm planning to move out in mid-2016 , which means i should start my preparations in a couple of months . 
   there was a very large and very credible poll where 13 % of syrian refugees said they supported the views of isis ( see page 19 ) . 
  the dohain institute is an arab muslim research group from qatar . 
  every time i saw this , i want to remind people that [ 14 % americans held favorable views of iran ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2015/06/iran-2015-3.png ) [ [ source , pew research center ] ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/18/irans-global-image-mostly-negative/ ) , yet it does not mean millions of americans supported sharia law or threats to israel , and you certainly do not see 44 million americans marching on the streets demanding the us to turn into an islamic theocracy . 
  you can not really extrapolate much from a favorable vs. unfavorable polls , the best you can do is to draw conclusion that syrian refugees in general have very unfavorable ( 13 % vs. 87 % ) opinion about isis . 
  not anymore they do n't , since half a year ago at least . 
  the upvote/downvote percentage is real . 
  eh , i agree with you . 
  ^ ( even though you beat us out of the euro 2016 :( ), 
  it is not super minor , he said himself that he is a practicing muslim . 
  it is simply that he , as with the majority of integrated muslim immigrants in the netherlands , know well how to be professional in your line of work and separate your personal religion with your work . 
  whatever they do will never be enough for people like you . 
  they can eradicate the entire isis , and you will still look for reasons to complain that it 's not enough . 
   saudi arabia has arrested over 400 people for funding isis . 
  nah , i know why , muslims are condemning those attacks all right , it was just you that live within such an echo chamber that you did not realize those condemnations are occurring frequently and globally . 
  [ i 'm just going to leave this here . 
  ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/tlk63ewihqemn41rrhq/giphy.gif ) come and downvote me you bigots !, 
  both of you [ have some grains of truth  ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/13/world/europe/european-union-refugees-migrants-sweden.html )  at the end of a two-day summit meeting in malta , officials with the ** european union said they had agreed to offer turkey 3 billion euros , or about $ 3.2 billion , over the next two years to help turkey cope with the more than two million syrian refugees ** who had sought refuge there . 
  no matter how you phrase it , 2 million refugees is a lot . 
  can turkey cope with more ? 
  probably . 
  hehe , i was in mobile , so the i was sans-serif and looks a lot like pipe . 
  i spent half a minute wondering why would you do an rvalue bitwise or assignment . . 
  man , you totally missed the chance there to put `` on the origin of species '' in the table . 
  oh you mean that it should be supermajority instead of a simple majority . 
  that i agree . 
  although there are people who will decry that it will unfairly favor the status quo . 
  so does voting for political leadership . 
  if you have a better option than one-man-one-vote direct democracy for these kind of issues , please do share . 
  as usual , -5 downvotes without anyone commenting the reason for their downvote . 
  hey cowards who downvoted him/her , why do n't you grow a pair and comment to express your disagreement instead of downvoting ? 
  the german police should save their time and search / r/europe instead , right ? 
  uh , how should i break this to you ? 
  the models are not that hypothetical anymore . 
  since september , we have [ observed a large cold anomaly in north atlantic ] ( http://www.weather.com/news/climate/news/north-atlantic-cold-blob ) that slows down the gulf stream . 
  it is probably going to disappear soon , but there are concerns from climatologists that the blob might herald severe weakening of the gulf stream in the coming years . 
  eh , the cost in norway for everything is overinflated . 
  beside being propped by the oil funds , they do n't even have decent nationwide infrastructure , increasing the support cost even further . 
  of course the costs will be higher if you need to airlift people through helicopter ambulance from remote villages , as compared to simply bringing people to the nearest hospital via high speed ambulance . 
  if only they spend the same amount of effort in increasing their education and employability as the effort that they have spent on mental gymnastics , they will be out of the neet zone in no time . 
  the truth is , any of them are already unemployable even before the refugee crisis , but they seize the chance to blame the refugees as the cause behind their unemployment . 
  now they are blinded by their own hatred and blaming everything on refugees instead of realizing that they themselves are those who need to be fixed . 
  i want to spend a minute thanking the gulf stream for its relentless effort in bringing warmth to europe . 
  without it most of continental europe will be as desolate as central canada . 
  that is a tenuous link . 
  to some extent , i can have a positive opinion on israel , especially focusing on how they managed to build a world-class r&d center in the region , but that does not mean that i support their policies towards palestinians . 
  for a non-anecdotal real world example , [ 14 % of americans has a favorable opinion about iran ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/18/irans-global-image-mostly-negative/ ) , but that does not mean that 14 % of americans support iran 's policies , its theocracy , or its death fatwa against certain individuals . 
  you do n't see 45 million americans in the streets urging support for iran . 
  in fact , most news media will cover that 14 % favorable opinion as `` americans opinion about iran is overwhelmingly negative '' , but funnily enough , when it comes to syrian refugees , some people attempted to reverse the narrative . 
  this should be near the top . 
  far too often understanding the number behind a survey requires understanding the question being asked on the survey itself . 
  the way this post is titled gave the impression that 13 % of syrian refugees are eager to blow themselves up for isis ' cause . 
  just think about it , if they are willing to blow themselves up for isis , it is far far easier for them to stay behind and join isis on their fight against assad instead of journeying all over to europe in abysmal conditions and chancing accidents/deaths on their way here . 
  sorry , i hope you wo n't take it the wrong way , but have you considered that you are simply not skilled enough ? 
  yes , eu countries will bend over their back to attract highly skilled migrants to their workforce , but only if he or she brought a skill set or experience that is hard to find within the local workforce itself . 
  in other words , if your skill set is comparable to a young semi-fresh grad bachelor , which every eu countries already have a lot of supply from their local workforce , they would prefer to give the job to their citizens instead . 
  so maybe the bar is simply set higher than what you think . 
  i have a lot of non-eu friends with master degrees at a highly sought-after fields ( e.g. 
  engineering ) that did not have any problem in migrating and integrating with their host countries . 
  i support everything that you said and saddened by the waves of downvotes that you received . 
  it says something about their courage ( or lack thereof ) when you stand at -10 but no one dared to respond to your comment to voice the reason for their downvotes . 
  downvotes in this sub has become the tool for silencing non-conforming thoughts and a weapon to express disapproval . 
  and yet the same group of people will cry that their freedom of speech should not be silenced . 
  hypocrites are what they are . 
  go ahead and downvote me too , i stand with / u/nyxisto . 
  what field though ? 
  and i presume you are not an eu citizen ? 
  no matter how you cut it , eu will always try to protect its middle class jobs so that it will be taken by its own citizens rather than by non-eu citizens , you being of a western stock have absolutely no bearing on the issue . 
  the cold truth is , from a purely macroeconomic point of view , those refugees and asylum seekers are being allowed to enter eu because they will fill the lower income jobs , and wo n't be a threat to the middle class jobs on eu countries . 
  governments love cheap labors . 
  eu citizens are then freed from the need to fill in the lower income jobs and are able to retrain or increase their education to fill in higher income jobs . 
  so unless you have a masters degree or years of experience , it will be very hard for you to work in eu as a non-eu citizen , lots of regulations exists exactly to make it harder for companies to hire people that can compete with their middle class . 
  as nederlander , i guess how unnecessary this is becomes understandable because it smells very much alike the zwarte piet controversy . 
  then call it a dictatorship when he already made that change , but not before . 
  as long as turkey 's political process still adhere to the democratic principles ( e.g. 
  need a supermajority from the elected representatives to change the constitution ) , then turkey is still a democracy , and erdogan , whether we like it or not , is still their democratically elected leader . 
  8 km horizontal , but stingers has max altitude limit of 3.5 km ( 11k ft ) , the flight was at altitude 31k ft when it fell down , so it is highly unlikely to be stingers . 
  you can always depends on the germans to provide exact measurements to the nearest two decimal points . 
  well , that de-escalated quickly from op 's title . 
  nah , that 500.000 are because this sub is a geodefault . 
  active visitors are less than 1000 , and most redditors are lurkers . 
  you only need a dozen dedicated trolls to alter the course of the discussion or shun people with different point of views as yours . 
  compared to this sub , there are about a hundred active users on that sub , so the ratio is really closer to 10 % -15 % instead of your 0.0025 % . 
  can be both .
