  i saw way more pro-russian threads on the first 24 hours of the incident . 
  fallout 5 : moskva would be so rad . 
  top trading partners in 2011 beside china were germany , the netherlands , and ukraine . 
  somehow i have the feeling that those trades will only decline these past couple of years . . 
  uh , the guy uploaded cracked windows 7 and windows 8 , which in my opinion is more valid violation of copyright than merely seeding movies via torrents , for example . 
  he obviously meant the responses in this sub . 
  did n't you know ? 
  erdogan is a regular lurker in / r/europe . 
   open accounts for donations that has actually been going on for a while over here . 
   russia has a history of violating countries airspace . 
  seriously , are flair flags become * sides * now ? 
  there are enough differing opinions within a country that you ca n't paint a redditor 's comment with such broad strokes . 
  i 'm reading a french statement through a german website being google translated to dutch and english , my headache is just starting . 
  at least the news linked by / u/fluchtpunkt said there was an official confirmation from the french pm that the statement was misinterpreted , which dispel any doubt about the interpretation of the statement . 
  if , faced with such an official confirmation you 'd still tried to interpret it differently , i 'd say you are the one in denial , not / u/fluchtpunkt . 
   no need to stress the word `` civil '' from that convention name - same rules were always applied for military planes all over the world . 
  uhh , have you read the convention yourself ? 
  from article 3 of the convention [ ( pdf ) ] ( http://www.icao.int/publications/documents/7300_orig.pdf ) :  article 3 - civil and state aircraft  ( a ) this convention shall be applicable only to civil aircraft , and shall not be applicable to state aircraft . 
   ( b ) aircraft used in military , customs and police services shall be deemed to be state aircraft . 
   ( c ) no state aircraft of a contracting state shall fly over the territory of another state or land thereon without authorization by special agreement or otherwise , and in accordance with the terns thereof . 
  sorry , at this point i think you are just posting wishful thinkings rather than having a real basis on your statements . 
  uhh what ? 
  that 's not how it works , you have no idea about how international laws works , do n't you ? 
  no country would be willing to relinquish sovereignty and self determination to the extent that it will write in their constitution that international laws will trump their national ones . 
  those international law usually starts their life as international conventions or treaties , and recognising countries would still need to ratify them before they are applicable to their national law . 
  without the ratification process , the country can freely say that they do not recognise the international convention/treaty . 
   for plane and contry aerospace violation you should make an eye contact with the plane , make sure it is ok and is violating aerospace without any malfunction , escort them out , make warning shots and so on . 
  which international treaty or convention that you are basing this from ? 
  that is the citation that i need . 
  otherwise it will just as well as wishful thinking . 
  as much as i agree with you regarding the right of every country to defend their territorial integrity , there is a large difference between having the right to do an action and having the means to do such action . 
  in real world politics , an incident where ukraine shot a russian warplane would probably be more beneficial to russia than to ukraine . 
  russia can spin the incident and label it as an act of aggression from ukraine , and nothing will stop russia from escalating the incident into further territorial aggression towards ukraine . 
  [ citation needed ] besides , what are the pertinent international laws applicable in this situation ? 
  i 'm as inexperienced as you are regarding air-to-air combats , so we 're just two people speculating wildly , but i do not see why it 's a real stretch . 
  see the [ radar plots of the incident ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/06ee/production/_86847710_4244121f-6f25-419b-a113-d94603724eeb.jpg ) , turkey fired its missile at quite some distance , so it took a while until the missile reaches the target . 
  no they wo n't . 
  not as long as they 're not a nato member yet . 
  as long as the [ budapest memorandum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) kept on being thrown at the trash bin , ukraine would not have any protection or backing from the major powers . 
   i do n't see how it could have been fired while the plane was in turkish air space but hit it only 8km away evasive actions ? 
  the intercept vector does n't look all that good either , so there would be some manoeuvring done by the missile to have proper intercept . 
  ( e.g. 
  chasing instead of head-on ), 
   failed just like when their troops `` accidentally '' have vacations in ukraine , right ? 
  must be due to navigation error due to their failing gps . 
   the plane , we presume , was fired at while it was over turkish airspace . 
  do we believe that the missiles chased them into syrian airspace before hitting their targets , and is that important or not ? 
  can an already fired missile , particularly the type used by f-16s , be self-destructed though ? 
  because if they ca n't , and i was under the impression that fire-and-forget missiles ca n't , then the point became moot . 
  see [ this map ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/a069/production/_86856014_russian_plane_shot_down_624.png ) from bbc . 
  turns out they were already within bombing range ( 12 km-15 km ) and at probable vector towards the nearest turkish town when they entered turkish airspace , which coincidentally sheltered a syrian refugee camp with thousands of inhabitants . 
  so those two su-24s would n't even need to be at max velocity and change its course to be assessed as threats . 
  interesting , so the su-24s vectored north a bit after entering the turkish airspace ? 
  there 's a large refugee camp in yayladagi sheltering thousands of syrian refugees and their children , and well within the bombing range ( 12-15 km ) of the su-24s as it enters the turkish airspace . 
  the vector of the warplanes towards a risk area probably had some factor in turkey 's threat assessment , and ultimately their decision to shoot the russian warplanes . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  when lives of hundreds of thousands of civilians are at risk , and you have a couple of heavily armed warplanes keeping themselves incommunicado to your repeated warnings , the threat risk profile shot through the roof . 
   but to down a jet from a violation less than half a minute ... huge overreaction imo . 
  modern jet warplanes are fast . 
  i did the math a bit , and with a normal cruising speed and bombing payload , in less than 40 seconds after crossing the border on the area where the incident occurs , that su-24 will be within bombing range of a turkish city with half a million population . 
  adding to that , at cruising speed , it only took the su-24 less than 40 seconds after crossing the border to be within the bombing range of [ antakya ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antakya ) , a turkish city with population of half a million . 
  modern jet warplanes are * fast * . 
  maybe for him , 1 million turkish citizens are not human enough to consider the area as inhabited . 
  because what we need is yet another conflict between two major military powers in the region , right ? 
  if anecdotes from echo chambers counts as citation , i 'd get my phd degree by now . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  then i 'd say that is a weird projection of your own perception to my comments . 
  i never said that i expected the same privileges as a dutch citizen , what i said above is :  as i said before , i already paid as much tax as any high earning eu citizen has , and often times we already receive much less benefits or protections because we are non-citizens , making our life more difficult just for political brownie points will be the straw that broke the camel 's back , so to say . 
  did i projected any expectation that i should have the same privileges as a dutch citizen ? 
  nope , what i said was knowledge expats already have reduced privileges compared to a dutch citizen , and attempts to reduce those privileges even more will simply make me decide to move out of the netherlands . 
   and for paying said taxes , as you wrote :   [ it ] entitles me to receive 70 % of my last monthly income for several months in case i got fired from my work . 
  the idea is to provide some safety net for me and my family while i look for another job . 
  have you read the rest of my post up there ? 
    but in practice , expats like me will be forced to leave the country within 3 weeks after losing my employment , unless i can find a new employer within that 3 weeks . 
  so in practice i will never receive the benefits of that work security tax , but i am still obliged to pay for it . 
  in essence , i am basically subsidizing the work security benefits for eu citizens in the netherlands . 
  i would n't receive that particular benefit even though there 's an exact item on my tax report that said i 'm paying for that benefit . 
  what happened is that i 'm practically cross-subsidizing that particular benefit that eu citizens receive in the netherlands . 
  i never said that i should receive the same kind of benefit though , i only brought it up to demonstrate how we knowledge expats are paying more than the benefit that we receive . 
  no wonder the dutch government love us so much . 
   i do n't know where are you from , so i would n't like to sound condescending , but would you be able to get job of this kind ( paid like this ) in your home country ? 
  not sure why this need to came to the equation when knowledge expats with skill and experience like me can choose to work pretty much in any country in the world . 
   from your perspective it 's probably a binary choice between my home country and europe , whereas from my perspective it 's a multiple choice between europe or anywhere else in the world . 
   so on the one hand you do n't want to be a part of the country you 're living in , but on the other you complain that you do not receive benefits as citizens of that country ? 
  that 's a weird way to twist it . 
  there are multiple ways to `` be a part of the country that i 'm living in '' , forcing someone to be a citizen of the country before being considered as `` part of the country '' is taking things to the extreme . 
  the netherlands provided a less extreme way of living and contributing to their society through their knowledge expat permits , which came with their own set of rights and obligations . 
  and remember , i have willingly paid those high taxes and subsidized the benefits that eu citizens receive in the netherlands through paying my taxes . 
  me moving out of the netherlands will be a net loss to the country since i paid a much higher tax than the average dutch citizen but receive much smaller benefits . 
   what do you miss out on by not being a citizen ? 
  well , for starters , i paid some chunk of my monthly income for some sort of `` work security tax '' , which entitles me to receive 70 % of my last monthly income for several months in case i got fired from my work . 
  the idea is to provide some safety net for me and my family while i look for another job . 
  but in practice , expats like me will be forced to leave the country within 3 weeks after losing my employment , unless i can find a new employer within that 3 weeks . 
  so in practice i will never receive the benefits of that work security tax , but i am still obliged to pay for it . 
  in essence , i am basically subsidizing the work security benefits for eu citizens in the netherlands . 
   it seems the netherlands allow citizenship after just 5 years , why not do that ? 
  what do you miss out on by not being a citizen ? 
  my country does not have a dual-citizenship agreement with the netherlands , and i do not want to relinquish my current citizenship . 
  besides , applying for the dutch citizenship means that i 'll be committing to live here for decades to come , something that i do not see myself doing , even though i like the country and the people . 
  that is one aspect of it , yes .
