  far too much effort as a tourist . 
  i would n't cause a kerfuffle in a foreign place with a different language so they they pay a bit of tax . 
  sounds like the problem is enforcement of greek laws . 
   a brit on another forum was defending such petty tax dodging this week , saying `` we all do it - if i 'm offered a discount for cash , then i take it - what else would you do ? '', 
   was he talking about tax evasion or tax avoidance ? 
  one is clearly illegal whereas the other is n't . 
   yet we tell the `` lazy '' greeks to finally start paying their taxes . 
  kinda ironic really . 
   not at all really . 
  what am i seeing in these pictures ? 
  can be . 
  if you sell a photo and it makes a lot of money you 'd likely be taken to court . 
  which of the human rights laws concerned are flawed , exactly ? 
  the human rights laws which this concerns are n't something most would consider a mistake , i 'd hope . 
   castrated by laws widely hated by their populations but which politicians refused to change until it brought about cultural decay . 
  which laws ? 
  human rights ? 
  as bad as the migrant crisis is i think it 's fair to say human rights laws have done more good than bad . 
  if someone is selling something for a certain price , do you usually offer them more than the asking price ? 
  buying a greek home is n't * stealing * , you know . 
  was supposed to be cycling from amsterdam to marseille this month . 
  made it to brussels and had to call it off . 
  nice place though . 
  depends if you chose history for your gcse or not . 
  it 's a lot easier to teach young kids about clever greeks and weird egyptians than the nuances of colonialism . 
  also , you could n't possibly teach kids everything bad we 've done in the history of our country . 
  unlike the other civilizations in world history . 
  because they were on best behaviour to prove that mods were superfluous . 
  a fair number of sub-saharan african counties have quite high english literacy levels . 
  they 've been like that for ages . 
  even the muslim stuff they made which was plastered everywhere after the shootings was a bit too in-your-face and obvious . 
   if they lie and say they are from somewhere else then they can be shipped there . 
  which is fine and dandy until you get them there and the country does n't accept them . 
   what language they use , what name they give , the groups they travel with , whatever papers they have . 
  it wo n't be easy , but it needs to be addressed and this is a start . 
  they deliberately do n't talk and destroy anything which could identify their origin . 
  they want to be stuck in an eu camp . 
   i do n't imagine there 's going to be a lot of resistance from individual north african states when the eu formally says `` we 're shipping these people back to you because they 're probably yours . '', 
  i do n't either , because most of them are struggling at the moment . 
  a statement like that would burn bridges and they 've got a lot of oil . 
  it would also be hypocritical of us to dump migrants on another continent because they do n't belong on ours ; and we * think * that 's where they 're from . 
  we actually do have that . 
  i do n't think the view that you do n't want illegal immigrants is xenophobic at all . 
  the border agency already implement fines for drivers of trucks and cars carrying illegal immigrants . 
  adding boats to the list would n't be a different universe . 
   please , enlighten me and explain me how the schengen agreement makes france responsible for uk immigration ? 
   i think what he 's badly saying is that immigrants in france are france 's problem because they signed up to schengen . 
  schengen was n't forced upon france and the consequences of france joining schengen are n't any other countries fault . 
  i think that 's against all sorts of human rights conventions . 
  besides , which country is going to let you dump homeless people on their beach ? 
  it 's not subjective to protect views . 
  protecting a view of a landmark is just that - regardless of whether you think a skyscraper is pretty or not . 
  i think the intention of preserving views of st pauls is to stop exactly that - it 's supposed to look old . 
  standard in leeds station . 
  countries already have open trade deals with the whole eu . 
  leaving would mean we 'd be able to negotiate our own deals with india , china etc. 
  justice was n't served by blocking a few diplomats bank accounts . 
  it was a gesture in the first place and it looked to hurt those implementing sanctions more than it would russia . 
  it 's nothing to do with having a spine , it 's business . 
  this is clearly against the government 's ideology . 
  would n't you be more surprised if the torys passed this ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  they jack prices whenever they can but there 's no even contrived vague reason for them to this time . 
  this would be like jacking prices because you stubbed your toe . 
  yes but what does this have to do with jacking prices ? 
  still pretty poor coverage . 
  most stations are about 70 miles from each other . 
  they 're actually really suffering from the plague still today . 
  the ira did have significant support and it was as much of a war as later afghanistan and iraq were . 
  fighting religious terrorist organisations who resorted to guerrilla tactics and there was no technical frontline . 
  we lost more men fighting in the troubles than afghanistan . 
  i do n't see why you would n't class it as a war . 
  i do n't know enough about the spanish one you mention to comment . 
  this all has nothing to do with your or ops initial point anyway . 
  are we not counting northern ireland either ? 
  i 'm not sure why your comments are so controversial . 
  nobody is even rebutting your arguments , they 're just saying `` nobody expected it before , and it happened then - so it can happen now '' which is completely illogical . 
  you are n't rebutting his points with counter points or by disproving his arguments , you 're just restating that he 's wrong . 
   the tourism money it brings in far outstrips the cost . 
  that 's not actually true . 
  i remember it being stated as fact for a while but some guy on youtube did a response video completely debunking the fact . 
  apparently the leases to land and other strange economic benefits they receive massively weigh the scales in their favour . 
  this would n't get through the commons in this form , never mind the lords . 
  honestly the cypriots do n't have a massive voice on here . 
  one would assume that everyone here would be well versed enough in the free movement treaty to know that you ca n't choose between high skilled or unskilled immigrants . 
  do we have to provide full context every time we comment now ? 
  his comment was fine , just as good as your snarky response . 
  i hope you notice that what you suggest will happen is economic theory too . 
  i 'm not taking a side but is that really a myth ? 
  who else is paying people 's salaries ? 
  i do n't think he 's saying otherwise . 
  if there * is * something they disagree on , the uk 's backing of a proposal is big . 
   you ca n't go about tweeting jokes as an equalities leader about genocide from the student union 's equalities twitter account - it 's the kind of thing that makes a position untenable . 
  i completely agree . 
  i was responding to the ` tolerant of genocide i see ' comment . 
  everyone seems to think she has been genuinely promoting ethnic cleansing . 
   it 's also not just the initial incident , but her continued insistence on her position ( and the infamous `` non-whites ca n't be racist '' line ) that people are angry about seeing as it 's an incredibly ignorant and contrived position . 
  agreed , she 's a moron . 
   that 's like a kkk member saying `` kill all blacks '' and then some idiot like you coming along saying `` that 's not racist he was being sarcastic '' no it 's not at all . 
  read the fucking tweet you absolute trog .
