   you think you can isolate yourself from your own origin in that i 'm not responsible nor condone the actions of my potential great great great great grandfather ? 
  yes , i can ` isolate ' myself from that . 
   while commenting on the countries of other people i 'm not allowed to comment on genocide because people in my country 200 years ago committed genocide ? 
  that 's literally what you 're saying . 
  i 'm dumbfounded . 
   british empire has caused the most genocides and wars , here 's a little map illustrating which countries were n't invaded by uk again , never denied that , never endorsed it . 
  do n't see why you brought it up in the first place . 
  i suggest you re-read my post and realise i did n't mention the british empire . 
   if you ca n't follow , perhaps tumblr is more your speed ? 
  just a suggestion . 
  coming from the person who says i 'm not allowed to talk about genocide because i 'm from a country that practiced genocide . 
  i honestly do n't know where your head is at . 
  ** i know that the british empire killed people . 
  i dont endorse genocide , even if my own country did it . 
  i did n't say it was an end in itself . 
  i literally posted in the comment you replied to that i have n't expressed my opinion either way on deregulation . 
  i have n't claimed anywhere that it makes a difference for the victims . 
  i even agreed with that in the first two letters of my previous comment . 
  of course , but their respective reasons for killing were quite different . 
  ( apparently this is controvertial here ) i think killing someone because they 're a certain ethnicity is worse than killing someone for personal gain . 
   just to be clear , i do n't quite get why you think it 's about you ? 
  quoting your post :  i am surprized as a brit ** you ** ... 
  i do n't know why i thought you were addressing me either . 
   trying to do that would make me blind to the context of this discussion . 
  let us use double-hermeneutic approach , as the role of british empire 's foreign politics in each of these genocides is sort of central . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  your post was saying that due to me being british , i 'd be supportive of the british empire 's genocides and subsequently must 've been in favour of hitler 's methods as they were similar in their execution . 
  there 's so many weird logical jumps in your initial post alone - then you follow it up by trying to make out as if i 'm trying to stop you talking about british foreign policy and subsequently ( because britain was the superpower ) stopping you talking about the genocides in question . 
  i do n't have a clue what you 're saying quite frankly . 
  i 'm not sure you do either . 
  he killed poles because it was safer/easier than having to deal with them , not because he saw them as lower humans or hated them for being polish . 
  i guess that 's where we disagree then . 
  they 're not mental gymnastics . 
  it 's the difference between killing based on ethnic hatred and otherwise . 
  that 's what this whole comment chain has been about . 
   then why are you trying so hard to apologize stalin ? 
  because saying that race hate motivated killing is worse than killing for personal gain is being a stalin apologist ? 
  would you say stalin is worse ? 
  or that both are somehow equally bad ? 
  because whichever you believe you 're being an apologist to one of them too , in your books . 
  do n't know why you 'd think i 'm a tory ( or in favour of the tory proposition ) for saying that deregulation makes it cheaper for companies to hire . 
  that 's not a left/right concept , it 's a statement of fact accepted by anyone who 's thought about it for more than 10 seconds . 
  whether or not deregulation for this purpose is a good idea is a left/right concept , but i did n't state anywhere in my post my stance on it ; so i do n't really understand where you 're coming from . 
   ( however flawed such reasoning would n't be ) that 's exactly the point . 
  the reasoning for it was hate and that 's clear to see . 
   ... except soviets also killed poles simply because they were poles . 
  not because they hated poles as a race , but because they 'd decided that it was safer and easier to kill poles than have to deal with them , right ? 
  ( again , make no mistake i 'm not justifying either and both were unforgivably horrific ), 
  because one is done with logical reasoning ( not saying it excuses it ) , the other is done because of hatred . 
  it might just be me but i think ( and most courts in most countries , too ) killing someone because they 're black is a worse crime than killing someone because you want their property . 
  yes , but again , we must look at the reasoning . 
  it was n't because he hated poles and thought that they deserved to not live ; it was because he wanted to crush resistance , something that brutalist leaders throughout time ( even today ) would do if given the chance . 
  that does n't make it right , of course . 
  yes it was sarcasm . 
  i know that weakening air pollution laws will lead to more air pollution , i did n't need it pointing out . 
  i did n't say i was in favour of the proposed weakening , i was just stating that there is economic merit to deregulation contrary to what the guy i replied to suggested . 
  indiscriminate execution of millions is less evil than racially discriminate execution of millions . 
  of course this is for corporate gain , nobody is claiming otherwise . 
  corporate gain by hiring more workers for cheaper than before . 
  there 's no thinly veiled scheme - that 's literally what this is and they would n't deny it . 
  that does n't mean that it wo n't benefit the workers . 
  i still do n't know what point you 're making . 
  very deep . 
  i was n't aware that deregulation of industry leads to more pollution and i 'm glad you enlightened me . 
  no , i did n't say that nor did i suggest it . 
  killing a pole because they 're not a commie is n't killing based on ethnic hatred . 
  because stalin was better at getting his ideologies realised than hitler does n't mean he 's more evil , just more competent . 
  what a weird comment . 
  i 'm not actually from the 1800 s nor did i take part in or condone the atrocities of the british empire - just to be clear . 
  secondly , i did n't say stalin was innocent of mass executions of entire classes and societies . 
  try to separate the argument from the nationality of the person saying the argument . 
  oddly apt considering the subject . 
  because hitler was guilty of all the same atrocities that stalin was , but not vice versa . 
  it 's that simple . 
  i 'm not saying stalin was n't a bad guy . 
  hitler did all the shit stalin did , but was also racist . 
  yes . 
  less regulation ( making things cheaper for companies ) = / more jobs ? 
  ok then friend . 
  no , i 'm not , i 'm saying that the ideology behind how hitler did it was worse . 
  hitler and stalin both discriminated based on ideology as official policy . 
  hitler also wanted to exterminate ethnicities and racial groups . 
  brutalist rule is something that both were guilty of , and that 's seen even today . 
  the whole aryan race and industrial extermination thing set hitler apart , if you ask me . 
  ideologically worse though ? 
  yes , i was n't arguing that . 
  my point was deregulation is n't a tool of our reptilian overlords . 
  there are economic reasons for this besides getting money to the top . 
  less regulation could mean more jobs europe wide which did n't exist before . 
  do n't pretend there are n't people who would do these jobs . 
  thought it would be way more than 200 tbf . 
  that 's like 3 big shops worth , which is a tiny amount for a whole store . 
  no , the britain ball says `` this means war '' to germany on both occasions , meaning it 's going to war over the agreement . 
  you need to read it again . 
  legally ? 
  is n't taking international waters annexation ? 
  they could legally do that in the same way russia could legally take that water . 
  was n't a buffer state any more when it went pro eu . 
  history lesson time . 
  finland comes from the english word ` fin ' but i do n't think you 're all living on a fish .
