  parading troops through streets = / massacring millions of jews and collective punishment by execution . 
  do you people do this on purpose or do you really have such a severe lack of perspective ? 
  let me guess , it 's all because putin is evil and crazy ? 
  it 's obviously geopolitical power plays from both sides . 
   there is an intersting timely coincidence . 
  ( beginning ww2 ) - ( end of wwi ) = 21 years , ( now ) - ( end of ussr ) = 23 years . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  no it does n't . 
  differences : * policy of ethnic cleansing . 
  comparing putin to hitler whilst completely ignoring the worst aspects of hitler is ridiculous . 
  putin is a warlord , and has things in common with warlords . 
  there was nothing said about it being sold to russia ( or any other nation in particular ) , but it was assumed it would be put on the market . 
  i was referring to the recent decision to keep the second queen elizabeth class carrier for the royal navy - not france 's delaying the sale of those little assault ship things . 
  we 've just decided to keep a brand new aircraft carrier that we were likely to sell . 
  that 's a pretty big sign of a change in attitude . 
  they 'll keep the queen , like canada . 
  i 'm not really bothered about your affections for that guy , i was commenting on the article . 
  are we sure ? 
  the article is pretty silly . 
  is this satire ? 
  does n't matter , they 're done as a party . 
  zero credibility . 
  google translate is n't as good as you might think it is . 
  a lot of what you say is incomprehensible . 
  are you saying : `` donate your spare food to ukraine '' ? 
  these are n't supposed to be representative of anything but broad stereotypes . 
  they pop up on reddit all the time and people reliably get their panties in a twist . 
  if that 's not what they want , they would n't be doing it . 
  the fact that they are doing it tells you that it 's more important to kill a few ivans than not kill a few ukrainians . 
  their priorities wo n't suddenly change when they get * more * artillery . 
  more russians mean there 's less chance of where you are becoming the front line . 
  if i were in mariupol right now i 'd much rather be invaded by the russians than be shelled by both sides . 
  no need for being polite on the internet . 
  keep it simple and concise and everyone 's happy . 
  you think they 'll stop using their current artillery when they get more ? 
  it definitely would be . 
  what a disaster . 
  we did n't go in a circle . 
  i refuted your arguments and you did n't respond - you just tried a bit of character assassination ( the third time you tried to dismiss an argument without addressing it ) and said you liked my `` ideals '' , whatever the fuck that means . 
  i 'm clearly defending the guy who asked a relevant and fair question . 
   he clearly has a bone to pick with the us , from this very thread : it really does n't matter . 
  ad hominem attacks ( after the fact , at that ) , do n't make your response any more valid or justified . 
  i did n't say ` the whole of africa will come here ' , i highlighted the absurdity of his argument by taking it to the logical extreme . 
  there was nothing remotely xenophobic or racist in my comment . 
   to sound like a daily mail headline myself ; there simply is n't space for them in our economy . 
  what are you on ? 
  firstly , that 's not even a vaguely controversial opinion , never mind `` daily mail '' . 
  secondly , you do n't need to condescendingly ` level with me ' by agreeing with my apparently bigoted opinions ; i have n't said anything remotely ` daily mail ' or ` ukip ' in this thread whatsoever . 
  is it fashionable to label brits ukip these days ? 
  or do you struggle with reading comprehension ? 
   psychological use of force is this some german comedy that 's going over my head ? 
   the questioner knows there is only one possible reply rendering the question meaningless . 
  that does n't make it a loaded question mate . 
  that 's a common device in language which you use to establish the other party 's position before questioning it further . 
   oh , i forgot this is reddit where it is not acceptable to reply without being directly addressed . 
  my sincerest apologies . 
  he 's clearly asking the person who advocated punishment . 
  of course it 's unacceptable - if so , what punishment would he suggest for nato and russia ? 
  an equal one ? 
  - all legitimate questions that require the one he asked to precede . 
   i respectfully disagree . 
  it is seemingly impossible to reference the war in the donbass in this subreddit without the topic of past us and nato actions being brought up in an attempt to deflect criticism from russian actions . 
  he 's not deflecting criticism whatsoever . 
  people can debate what they want , when they want - believe it or not , every comment in a russia thread does n't have to just condemn russia and leave it at that . 
  his line of questioning was completely relevant to the thread . 
  if someone asked , `` what do the bordering countries think of this ? 
  '' , would you scream about them too ? 
  they 're not condemning russia either . 
  it 's just another line of debate - which is what these threads are for . 
  what a fucking disaster this subreddit is now . 
  they 're distributing leaflets mate . 
  if that qualifies as ` use of force ' in germany then they 've got bigger problems than these muppets . 
  it was n't a loaded question whatsoever . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   `` he 's questioning whether one wrong is apparently acceptable but the other is n't - and if so , why ? '', 
  it 's asking for clarification of a viewpoint in completely neutral terms . 
  there 's no trap to fall into . 
  there 's no double meaning . 
  there 's no unjustified assumption . 
  do you know what a loaded question is or are you clutching at straws to try and dismiss an argument - much the same way your tried above by shouting `` whataboutism !! '' ? 
   of course neither is acceptable . 
  unfortunately , he was n't asking for your opinion on the matter , he was asking the person he responded to . 
  that person was advocating eu arms and `` not letting the russians get away with it '' . 
  would he advocate the same for nato forces ? 
  what exactly does `` not letting them get away with it '' mean ? 
  / u/atlasing 's question was completely legitimate . 
  there was no need to come in all caps blazing without taking a second to comprehend what 's being asked . 
  objecting to an open door immigration policy makes me ` sound ukip ' ? 
  do explain . 
  there 's a time and place for whataboutism , and the comment you replied to was completely fine in that regard . 
  he 's not saying that two wrongs make a right , he 's questioning whether one wrong is apparently acceptable but the other is n't - and if so , why ? 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to question people 's opinions , especially in a place where opinions are regurgitated and reinforced so aggressively as they are in this subreddit . 
  does the apparent shelling of civilian areas disgust you too ? 
  because more weapons wo n't fix that . 
  neither are infallible . 
  what planet are you on ? 
  are you happy to foot the bill for their welfare ? 
  what about the rest of africa , too ? 
   i ca n't even force my eyelids to lower down . 
  that 's because socialists and people who do n't give a shit outnumber conservatives .
