  supply and demand . 
  sending a man to be elected is n't taking a stand against fifa , it 's trying to get fifa corrupt in your favour . 
  dropping out of the wc is the only way to get fifa to change . 
  they make billions and it all goes into a big pot . 
  no individual is buying yachts with those billions . 
  that 's what a non-profit is . 
  sepp blatter is worth # 20m . 
  fifa gets billions . 
  hardly siphoning off the profits really are they ? 
   also , asia is a pretty big continent . 
  biggest there is , as a matter of fact . 
  i 'm sure they could have found some place with more genuine supporters , never mind players , than bloody qatar . 
  the point is to foster support in the emirates , i imagine . 
  as much down to managerial changes as anything - if you were a football fan you 'd know that . 
  besides , there 's much more to a league than the top 5 teams . 
  they do n't make profit . 
  they have a policy of putting the world cup on different continents . 
  besides the climate ( which probably wo n't be a problem as they 're likely holding it in winter ) , there 's nothing to say qatar wont hold a good world cup . 
   a world cup in england , belgium , france , germany or any other , highly developed country in europe would suit the world cup better than qatar . 
  those countries would hold better world cups than 99 % of countries . 
  it 's fifa policy to spread the influence of the game by going to countries where football perhaps is n't as big . 
  i think this policy is a good thing - without it we would n't have seen south africa get a world cup , for example . 
   they have a shitty league , shitty players same goes for the majority of africa and asia . 
   i ca n't believe that we , as the strongest football continent by far , do n't hold more power over fifa than we do . 
  we hold ultimate power over them . 
  it takes one major european nation to take a stand and fifa would cease to exist in it 's current form . 
  the only problem is that there 's no solid proof of wrongdoing by fifa or qatar which could justify such an exit . 
  why is it ? 
  they * are * a non-profit . 
  yes , but they are a ` non-profit ' in every sense . 
  there 's really nothing egregious about their status as a non-profit . 
  err , yes ? 
  ( apart from the fact that scotland wields disproportionate power in westminster . ), 
   any deployment decisions may have to be unanimous . 
  which is why it would never work . 
  not really interested in dwarfing the us ' military budget . 
  in a federal eu , if 90 % of the uk province/state wanted constitutional change to the laws governing their country , they could remain a 20 % minority view in the eu parliament . 
  i 'd rather that were n't the case . 
   freedom of travel is a fundamental concept of union . 
  east germans had to go via hungary to meet their west german families . 
  people trying to escape east berlin were shot . 
  i still maintain that this does n't have a direct effect on peace but we 're probably not going to see eye to eye on it regardless . 
   irelands membership of the eec/eu greatly helped the peace process , plus the as advisers to post dictatorships the eec/eu were crucial to the re establishment of open elections . 
  for example spain was advised against banning communists parties from elections by the eec/eu . 
  fair enough . 
  yeah actually never mind . 
   iron curtain an echo from 1945 . 
  if the eu were formed during the time when the soviet union existed , it would 've done little to change the presence of the iron curtain . 
   millions without freedom to travel contentious issue as it is , we were talking about lack of peace not lack of luxuries - which i 'd definitely consider freedom to travel . 
   military dictatorships in spain and portugal from what little i know about both , peace in europe was maintained throughout their post-wwii reigns . 
   terrorism in italy , greece and ireland fair point again , but greece and italy were not wars as such , and greece 's troubles continued way after they joined the eu . 
  ireland was n't a problem to be solved by the eu . 
   we have representatives that are experts mps are experts ? 
  and while i agree vaguely with what you say , democracy * should * mean that the mp , the member elected to represent the views of his voters , should represent the views of his voters in his voting . 
   i think that most of european inhabitants didnt know how fucked up europe was before we got the eu i think most europeans are definitely at least vaguely aware of the history of europe . 
  what about the long period of peace before the eu ? 
  europe was in good shape between 1945 and 1993 . 
   just because something is popular , does not mean it is correct , or the best choice . 
  in a democracy that 's exactly what it means . 
   aside from the vital constitutional role of having a head of state who is apolitical by definition why is that a vital role ? 
  republics worldwide function without it perfectly . 
   and acting as a national symbol can do that without the economic benefits and extra rights that the royal family receive . 
   the monarchy brings more money into the country that it costs [ not true . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/_2io5ifwkdw?t=2m28s )  and of course , prince philip is the greatest living briton . 
  no arguments . 
  hopefully we would n't kill him if we abolished the monarchy . 
   its inexpensive to maintain ( in fact yields net economic gain ) . 
  not close to true despite common conception . 
  it 's far more nuanced than it seems . 
  [ good video on the matter thoroughly shattering common ( the monarchy makes us money ) arguments . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2io5ifwkdw ) and playing devils advocate , republican 's arguments usually hinge on the fact that royals are institutionally superior to your average joe due to nothing but their birth . 
   the fact that you think putin and russia are irrelevant when it comes to ukranian politicis is beyond staggering in it 's sheer , blatant stupidity . 
  i really do n't understand how you do n't understand me . 
  i 'm not saying it 's irrelevant to ukrainian politics and i think you must know that . 
  i 'm saying it 's irrelevant to op 's post . 
   see the way it says nilbop next to me presenting my arguement ? 
  that means i said that bit . 
  i know it did . 
  i was responding to the fact that you brought putin/russia up when it was irrelevant to op 's point . 
   in summation : here we go . 
   * op is wrong , nato is not being used as an ethnically divisive tool , nor could it be as all of ukraine supports it [ 1 ] fantastic . 
   * putin has been using and inflaming ethnic tensions to mount his invasion since day one . 
  do n't know why you brought this up in the first place . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  if not deliberate whataboutism then you need to re-read op 's post . 
   * poroshenko was elected on a mandate by the entirety of ukraine to pursue a pro-eu pro-nato policy which he publicly campaigned upon . 
  [ 2 ] aka point 1 . 
  the op did n't say anything about putin 's use of ethnic tensions . 
  nor did he say anything about nato discriminating on ethnic grounds . 
  he said that poroshenko is using it as a divisive tactic . 
  i ca n't decide whether you either completely misunderstood op 's point and thought your post was an actual rebuttal , actually tried a bit of whataboutism and are n't admitting it - or you 're generally unable to follow the line of an argument . 
   the op orignially accused poroshenko of doing this . 
  nilbop is saying that it is putin that is doing this . 
  and made such point to somehow refute what the op was saying - which it does n't . 
  op : `` poroshenko is using the idea of a referendum on nato as a deliberately divisive political tactic '' nilbop : `` so is putin '', 
   then why should any non-russian want ` normalisation ' ? 
  they probably should n't . 
  but that 's largely irrelevant because it 's what russia wants . 
   ou made the arguement that poroshenko was dividing citizens based on ethnic lines , when this has been the open and stated policy of the russian invasion from day one : to protect the interests of ethnic russians . 
  your arguement is plainly absurd .
