  you mean like they are now ? 
  no , because scottish interests are very much in line with large parts of the uk 's . 
  british interests are n't going to be in line with countries 1500 miles away . 
  that 's not a great argument . 
  you have to be ruled from * somewhere * . 
  would you be equally perplexed if people were then against dundee becoming independent because the residents do n't like being `` ruled from edinburgh '' ? 
  * scotland 's interests are in line with much of the uk 's . 
  * the uk 's interests are n't in line with much of the eu 's . 
  that 's why it 's not hypocritical . 
  [ the french consulate in london claim 270,000 is most likely . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-26823489 ) xavier chatel , press spokesman at the french consulate , concedes there is probably no `` official '' measure . 
   `` this is europe so people are free to come , free to go , there 's no authoritarian obligation to register somewhere and therefore there is a certain degree of uncertainty about them . '', 
  but he says that using data from the uk 's electoral commission , the department of work and pensions , census data and the consulate 's own register of people they can come up with a reasonable estimate of 270,000 french people living in london . 
  * the french consulate think there are 270,000 . 
  * boris johnson thinks there are 250,000 . 
  obviously not sixth largest ( somewhere between seventh and eighth ) , but there are still a * lot * of you already in london , so the point stands . 
  it 's not about whether they would nuke or not , it 's the chance that they will that 's the deterrent . 
  it 's suddenly a lot more risky to invade if there 's now a chance that you 'll lose moscow and st. petersburg . 
  has been for a while . 
  london is france 's sixth largest city . 
  it 's a deterrent . 
  russia would think twice about launching an invasion of ukraine if there was a risk that ukraine would blow moscow up . 
  right now , the biggest risk is sanctions . 
  depends what `` stopping russia '' means . 
   and they 're lame at sports . 
  cricket is the only sport that matters over there , and they 're excellent at it . 
  putin does n't care about the sanctions because he 's popular at home whilst the eu falls back into recession . 
  that said , i 'd rather they exhaust all sanctions avenues before trying anything militarily , despite / r/europe users being seemingly all for it . 
  yes , and we had lots of posts about it on the actual day , not long ago . 
  did you read the article ? 
  also , a colon does n't mean that it 's a quote . 
  no , it 's not . 
   `` practically russia is in a state of war against europe '', 
   then how is it hard to grasp that europhiles/euphiles/whateverthefuck want one of the bigger countries to lead in its own way . 
  maybe not towards but at least not away from cohesion . 
  the eu is a democracy . 
  the uk ca n't just decide that everyone will do this without germany and the rest being on board - which they are n't . 
  it sounds like what ` euphiles ' want is a way to bypass democracy . 
  that seems to be a glaring flaw with the eu , not the uk . 
  countries * are * going to have different interests , especially in a place as diverse and large as europe . 
   pretty sure they marched some captive soldiers through one of the cities underneath their control earlier this week , i bet they do n't give them toothbrushes either . 
  the horror . 
  we 'd be best off using chemical weapons in retaliation for that . 
   and frankly just look at russia 's track record when it comes to captives what time period are we talking ? 
  no european country has a good track record when it comes to captives . 
  that does n't mean we should assume that it will carry on and judge pre-emptively . 
  russia have n't broken the geneva convention , have they ? 
  there 's been nothing saying they have . 
  are we just presuming that they will , so `` fuck it , we might as well '' ? 
   breaking the rules merely evens the scales for ukraine . 
  no , you either did n't read or just did n't understand what i wrote . 
  if two men agree to have a fist fight , and one is losing so pulls a knife - the other person will also pull a knife . 
  it 's not balanced the scales , it 's just made the conflict worse . 
  in ww2 there were rules that each side did n't break . 
  neither side used poison gas because if they did , the other side would too and both sides would suffer more . 
  breaking rules of war does n't help anyone . 
  it 's not advantageous . 
  breaking the rules does n't give you an advantage . 
  if you break the conventions , the other side will too . 
  now you 've got a bloodier conflict than before and you 've gained no advantage . 
  it 's like m.a.d. 
  countries agree not to use nukes because they would have nukes used on themselves in response . 
  countries agree to follow the rules , so other countries follow the rules in response . 
  the geneva conventions do n't solely apply to international conflicts . 
  both sides accept that there is a war . 
  initially it was a civil war . 
  now it 's whatever it is - but there 's no denying from either side that there 's a war going on . 
  no , the region is far more complicated than that . 
  god this subreddit has turned to cancer over this ukraine thing . 
  isis commiting war crimes against kurd militia is terrible . 
  ukraine committing war crimes against russian militia is somehow heroic and justified because putin denies that he 's invaded . 
  apparently you 're allowed to do war crimes if it 's against evil putin . 
  and now ukrainian troops wo n't be trusted either . 
  why would a russian soldier accept a surrender when acts like this are praised ? 
  both sides acknowledge that there 's a war going on . 
  there is according to ukraine - who are the ones committing the crime . 
  pull the stick out of your arse you uptight bastard . 
  a button on the sidebar is far more accessible to the average user than having to make res filters and disable them again every time . 
  not going to happen any time soon . 
  did i get wooshed ? 
  that 's what they said about ww1 . 
  the vast majority here seem to be dying for an eu vs russia war . 
  starting ww3 probably would n't be . 
  they 're not going to invade you with missiles . 
  the iron dome in israel is on an tiny stretch of land and costs billions and is n't even that effective . 
   wait , so you 're asking people to comment on things you 're interested because ... ? 
  not asking for anything of the sort . 
  i 'm asking the mods to add a hide russia button so that those who do n't want to discuss russia will be able to discuss other stuff easily . 
  i 'm sure i 'm not the only one with no interest discussing russia . 
   that fucked up logic basically means russia just takes over any country that is n't eu . 
  if they 've got something to gain , yep . 
  they 've shown time and time again that they 're willing to do so . 
  that site looks legit . 
  they 've probably got reporters in czech and ukraine . 
  i believe this news . 
  ukraine also produces gas . 
  germany does n't . 
  ukraine does n't have nato or the eu . 
  ukraine also owes russian companies billions which it 's unlikely to pay . 
  germany does n't .
