~ ~ i swear i heard from various / r/europe experts that we 'd be paying the whole thing . ~ ~ should 've read the article . 
  businesses would n't have a problem because it drives down wages . 
  people in low skill low wage jobs , who vote , might have a problem . 
  oh , and you 've got that little sports team too !, 
  newcastle . 
  spend to encourage growth . 
  the majority of it definitely stems from a place of xenophobia , but i do think there 's an actual debate to be had on it . 
   uk leaving is less harmful to the eu than having a member who blatantly does n't care about any of the rules or values of the eu which rules has the uk broken ? 
  is wanting a rule change so heinous an act that the punishment should be expulsion ? 
  in an apparently democratic institution , of all places ? 
  besides , the fiscal positives surely outweigh the philosophical negatives at a time like this . 
   did n't europe have uncontrolled migration up until wwi ? 
  yes it did . 
  that was n't a moral or ethical decision though , it was a practical one . 
  like nothing because the eu do n't want the uk to leave , despite what / r/europe 's commentators might have you believe . 
  do n't know how much of a favour it would be with the uk 's status as one of the largest net contributors . 
  other eu countries should be able to make immigration policies just as we wish to . 
  i do n't imagine many will block uk immigrants , though , because a massive amount are moving to spend their pensions . 
  would n't do them much good . 
  the guy 's got style . 
  since when has uncontrolled immigration been ethical or moral ? 
  it 's a fiscal policy , not a pillar of society . 
  yes , but that was n't what the question was . 
  i understand your point , but what does it matter to eastern ukrainians what the voting pattern is if there are neo nazis patrolling their streets ? 
  since these work by tracking differentiation in genes by area , the african genes that exist in all of us would just be the ones everyone has in common . 
  ukip and tories it is , then ? 
   you have to keep in mind that 94 % of the eu budget is spent in member states ( investments , projects , etc ) . 
  source ? 
   this reddit section is one of the best european news sections going !, 
  if you want blog spam reporting ` rumours ' on russia , and a feed of reuters/bbc articles sorted by nothing in particular . 
  so is the objective , educated stance that the eu is great as it is ? 
   we really need one another in this increasingly complicated world . 
  the uk could broker agreements from outside the eu just fine . 
  it 's the 6th largest economy in the world . 
   and the cost of it is something like 90 $ per citizen per year , i think that 's rather cheap . 
  closer to 300 , but that 's completely beside the point . 
  all over the shop . 
  my t-shirt is from america . 
  do you think i had a say in the bombardment of libya ? 
  luckily it 's not my job to come up with a plan . 
  if the eu were so concerned about the value of human life why would n't they run their own ferry service for africans to migrate ? 
   we europeans are you talking historically ? 
  because i do n't think i 've contributed to messing up africa any more than my dog has . 
  i think that 's probably the same for the majority of europeans , too . 
   since one day most of these immigrants will end up in england or germany . 
  the idea behind pulling the funding to this program is that these immigrants wo n't end up here . 
   what about rescuing them then shipping them back to where they came from ? 
  you do n't know where they came from . 
  thank god there was n't data for the binge drinking one . 
  i 'm not condoning that the uk should n't honour agreements - and that wo n't happen . 
  a renegotiation is a two sided affair . 
  i did n't say that it was likely , i said it was increasingly likely . 
   besides , what really is there to renegotiate about this ? 
  you ca n't renegotiate a system just because you suddenly do n't want to pay your bills . 
  the eu do n't want a brexit . 
  if there was a fair chance of exit then i think they might go to at least * some * measures to try and persuade us ( the government and public ) to stay . 
  why do you care how we ` look ' ? 
  a renegotiation in the face of an increasingly likely exit could be a good thing even if you want to stay in the eu . 
  is it not in public interest ? 
  the uk did n't agree to it . 
  it 's not normal bookkeeping , it 's a change in method which means the uk must pay more because of the number of untaxed illegal activities . 
  what 's wrong with an ' i got mine ' attitude when it 's other countries we 're talking about ? 
  i care as much about subsidising france as much as you do subsidising chile . 
  to be fair , we never did vote for it . 
  dont say that around here . 
   what about moving to a country with a better job situation , would n't be moving inside the eu for that . 
   or better weather not if you want a job . 
   or a better lifestyle ? 
  there is no better lifestyle than eating fish and chips on a wet and windy friday night . 
   most of the people from middle-eastern europe migrate to uk because of language which is today 's lingua franca . 
  and most of the immigrants from eastern europe are n't high skilled - which is what you were referring to in your original comment . 
   so why do n't they leave eu . 
  oh , i know , no balls , those are just words . 
  so if an eu member state ( or a few ) is against eu policy they should exit the eu instead of trying to change it ? 
  it 's really odd to me how / r/europe 's ` liberal ' crowd are so anti democracy . 
   it is in the long run because it helps whole economy . 
  i do n't think you really know what that means . 
  it pushes wages down for low skilled workers and increases unemployment . 
  tell them that `` it 's good for the whole economy '' . 
  it 's good for the upper middle classes and above . 
   and the fact uk is getting more neoliberal with less social backup than it could have is totally different story . 
  the person in favour of undercutting low paid workers wages calls those against it ` neoliberal ' . 
   so they would be happy for us to actively deny eu rights to british citizens wishing to come to germany , spain , scandinavia , france , etc if it made them feel safe in the knowledge that their plumber is less likely to be eastern european ? 
  if it made them less likely to lose their job , yes - without a doubt . 
   ca n't wait to see what the daily mail readers wanting to go to live in france or retire in spain or work in germany think of that . 
  they 're probably against an eu immigration cap because of that . 
   fact is , a lot of british would be absolutely outraged if eu governments treated them with the same contempt that they want to treat us with . 
  the type of people who are voting ukip would either never move abroad anyway , or be too rich for immigration control to be an issue . 
  the jobs are in the uk . 
  ukip voters are n't going to lose sleep over not being allowed to move to a country with a worse job situation . 
   if you come over here , great , no problem . 
  we are n't going to make benefits readily available but if you can find a job here , you 're welcome to stay . 
  literally the same applies over here . 
   the brits do n't seem to even want that . 
  they seem to want their island to be for them alone . 
  in which case , why should we share with them either ? 
  if you get your news from / r/europe , the brits will ` seem ' a lot of things that they are n't . 
  you do realise that making immigrants ' lives harder you will be lowering the number coming to the country ? 
  it 's not an outright limit , but it serves a similar purpose . 
  no they would n't .
