   are you retarded ? 
  this is obviously a very emotional issue for you so there 's not much point me arguing when your arguments do n't come from a place of reason . 
  if i were to guess i 'd say that you 're an unskilled , young working class american . 
  the system in the us is shit . 
  you demonised unions and handed power to big business which runs your government unashamedly . 
  i 'm sure it 's pretty hard over there for poor people to get a leg up . 
  there are countries where capitalism works fine . 
   / facepalm keeping it civil , nice . 
   the people who would receive the food are n't exactly giving the supermarkets money anyway . 
  if food banks start filling up to bursting then more poor people who could afford food would go to get it free . 
  these people would then not spend money at supermarkets . 
   again , if it 's more profitable for you to be more inefficient , it is the system that is wrong . 
  that 's a gross oversimplification and you know it . 
  the system might well be ` wrong ' , but this wo n't make it ` right ' . 
  a supermarket throwing food away means the food it has retains value . 
  throwing food away is what the supermarkets want to happen to it . 
  they directly benefit from it . 
  it 's effectively an asset - a profitable process . 
  the process of throwing away clothes does n't profit you , so a more apt analogy would be , like i said above , if the government took clothes that are of use to you - because then you lose wealth ( like the supermarkets will ) , against your wishes . 
   you do n't have any ` rights , ' sorry it to break it to you i do , as you go on to explain in the rest of your post . 
   the ` right ' to own property is nothing but the codified form of the ability to do violence to keep other people from using said property . 
  ` violence ' in the form of judicial punishment or police intervention , yes , i agree with your definition of what my rights are . 
  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  works pretty well when there 's a suitable social safety net for people willing to work . 
  so i imagine you 'd happily forfeit your clothes if the government told you they were taking them and giving them to poor people ? 
  does n't sound like a very good idea . 
  the money would n't be going to the food shops though - so the food shops would raise prices meaning more and more people would become unable to afford food . 
   it 's not theft if what 's being taken from you is n't rightfully yours in the first place . 
  if you and i decide that i will trade you # 1 for two loaves of bread , that bread is rightfully mine to do with as i please . 
  i would be allowed to burn that bread in a fire , paint it blue , or throw it all away if i wanted . 
  why should the government dictate what i 'm allowed to do with it if i 'm not actively hurting anyone ? 
   private property is an oppressive , authoritarian social construct that is wholly incompatible with a free society . 
  you wo n't mind being forced by your government to donate an eye to a blind man then ? 
   they are n't asking to steal anything , but are asking you to have some social decency and give to the less fortunate . 
  if it 's a law , then they are n't asking whatsoever - and you 're not giving because of ` social decency ' , you 're giving because you 've been told to . 
  he 's not arguing the moral dilemma , he 's talking about property rights . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_crisis_of_2007%e2%80%9308 tl ; dr the us housing bubble collapsing affects banks in the us which affect banks everywhere . 
   what websites are shut down ? 
  file sharing websites/link aggregators . 
   go ahead and tell me the media all around the world is just like russia . 
  russian media is obviously shit . 
  calling their draconian measures `` hilarious '' when the nsa is doing similar shit secretly is silly though . 
   sorry , but no one is needing to enter their passport and name to use public wifi . 
  log into any account and you 're giving them it anyway . 
  not to mention the fact that the russians are clear on their intentions , the nsa achieved it through secret courts . 
   obama most definitely does n't talk about the government being taken down by american fascists either . 
  because you 're not in a land war with a neighbouring country . 
  replace ` fascists ' with terrorists and the whole us establishment does nothing if not drill the fear of them into you . 
   websites are shut down in the usa for things like child porn , not criticizing the government . 
  websites are shut down in the usa for things that are n't illegal regularly . 
   journalists also are n't killed for speaking either . 
  no , only [ detain their relatives and confiscate and trawl any data they have , whilst maintaining that they think they 're terrorists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glenn_greenwald#detention_of_david_miranda ) . 
  ( technically the uk , but let 's be honest here ) . 
   please explain how the nsa knows who you are if you log on in a random library with a laptop or tablet and never use your name . 
  they do n't . 
  as soon as you log into any account of any use to you , they do . 
  not really a great leap from what russia are doing . 
  behind the times russia . 
  the nsa do n't need you to give id to know who you are , and they do n't tell you they 're monitoring you . 
  you know when people laugh at the russians for saying the western press is picking on them ? 
  you 're doing that . 
  criticising them for being biased against the eu because of some petty primary school level reasoning ( `` you 're not doing everything exactly the same way we did it so it must be wrong . 
  they have an independent press believe it or not . 
  the thoughts of an economic journalist at the washington post are n't policed by the federal reserve . 
  you 'll find european analysts saying the same things . 
   i have no idea why someone from baltics or poland would even trade with russia . 
  because they would get a better price for their goods than elsewhere . 
  that 's the reason . 
   and then proceed to blame the government . 
  you ca n't blame farmers for trading with another country when allowed to do so . 
  the government are the only people they can hold accountable . 
   you ca n't even parody russia anymore . 
  i ca n't tell if this comment is parody or not . 
  the nsa have been doing all of the above for ages , but when russia proposes it , it 's `` just fucking hilarious '' ? 
  and you talk about russians not being objective with their media . 
   i think scepticisms can trend towards conspiracies and nut jobs . 
  there are genuine concerns about sovereignty , immigration , fiscal policy and much more that are discussed in parliaments and people who are ` educated ' . 
  a bigger sign of a ` nutjob ' would be someone who blindly supports eu policy and integration without questioning or being skeptical . 
   i see it as washington followed us ridiculous . 
  woo sanctions !, 
  fun for all the family !, 
  so does fruit if you use it irresponsibly . 
  i meant grammatically . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  the article is about russia being left a vassal , not europe - as the title implies . 
  what an awful title . 
   wrong . 
  it necessarily means leaving the eea . 
  we could apply for membership , but membership is not automatic . 
  do you have a source on any of this ? 
  we 're already a member of the eea , why would it matter whether membership is automatic or not if we 're already a member ? 
  the uk and france are the two largest and most advanced armies in europe . 
  the reason other nato members are resting on their laurels is likely to do with the fact that the uk and france are in nato and have big , capable armies that can be called on . 
  ( not that a brexit would necessarily change that much anyway - nato is separate from the eu and i 'd imagine we 'd remain in it . 
  unless an eu army or something were to be instated , then it would be a worry . ), 
   more immigration from outside of europe why ? 
  i do n't understand how tighter immigration for eu citizens would mean more non-europeans would suddenly be allowed in when we can already legislate on that , without eu regulations as it 's not an eu issue . 
   lack of single market benefits such as no roaming costs , leaving the eu does n't necessarily mean leaving the eea . 
  switzerland , for example , benefit from the above but are n't in the eu . 
  we 'd be poorer and they 'd be poorer .
