  of course , but in cases such as these i 'd be inclined to agree . 
  slightly different to nuanced agricultural laws which favour some of the largest corporations in the world , i 'm sure you 'll agree . 
  i 'd imagine they want to deal with drug smugglers in their own country , themselves . 
  i do n't think he was suggesting it would be a growth market ; just that you 'd get more gross . 
  having regulators regulate in favour of local companies is n't good for competition at all . 
   but france or germany wo n't have to pick up the tab - it 's basically bad news for greece and poland . 
  bad news for greece and poland who then ask for help from germany and france . 
  # 7bn or whatever the net contribution is , is the 4th largest in the eu . 
  if the uk paid as much as france per capita , that would be what , # 10bn ? 
  so # 7bn is non-crisis money , but # 10bn is ? 
  does eu expenditure rise/fall significantly due to population ? 
  losing # how-ever-many-billion the uk contributes will cause massive cuts and cancellations . 
  lose malta , who might have a far greater contribution per capita , and you do n't notice it . 
  per capita is irrelevant . 
  renegotiation would be best case scenario . 
  otherwise , probably . 
  not really . 
  you do n't have to upgrade ( or choose a government in your analogy ) if you do n't want to . 
  this was reported a few months ago too, 
  ca n't imagine anyone would feel shame for this . 
  nobody is under any illusions as to why they 're going to kavos . 
  nice of the locals to take photos so they do n't have to though . 
   do greeks act the exact same the rest of the year as they do when they 're on their holidays ? 
  one and the same am i right ?!? 
  it 's usually useful to say why . 
  what ? 
  a picture of a guy bent over with his nuts out wo n't get airtime on bbc news , whether it 's mohammed , jesus or hitler . 
  if you painted an equal image of jesus and it made the news , they would n't show that either . 
  that 's a picture of a crucifix that 's a bit yellow , it 's not a guy bent over with his dick and nuts out . 
  the cartoons were offensive , remember . 
  bbc/sky news probably would n't show a drawing of the queen ( or any other person ) with her bits out either . 
  no i would n't want to infringe on your freedom of speech . 
  would have been a fine joke if it was n't implying that , like the article tries to imply , they 're giving up because of the muslamic ray guns . 
  as a commenter below said : not drawing mohammed is an editorial decision . 
  they drew mohammed before the shooting . 
  they drew mohammed after the shooting . 
  they 've decided to stop because they do n't want to keep drawing mohammed . 
  it 's got nothing to do with surrendering to terrorism . 
  the same way i am fearful of it for never having drawn mohammed ? 
  in a town full of people who are far too drunk , you 're going to get a lot more dickheads than a town full of people who are n't . 
   there are dozens times where a tourist finds it funny to pee in the middle of the street lol, 
  why are the falklands yellow ? 
  do n't think asking my grandma 's advice on immigrants would be good for anyone . 
  might as well let them boost the economy than spend money keeping them out . 
  my grandma put a fence up to stop cats coming in her garden and it worked too . 
  maybe he 's right ? 
  ` rummaging for valuables ' is a bit editorialized is n't it ? 
  it seems more likely they were looking for evidence of origin of the plane , as they were in the rest of the video . 
  as an outlet which sells fast food , i think it qualifies . 
  on the other hand some cities would have 1 mcd in the centre but 4/5 subways . 
  you get them in practically every medium sized bus/train station too . 
  they sell those little expensive sandwiches which coffee shops do , do n't they ? 
  i 'm sure you were n't intending to put bias in those number , but you do realise that you chose an outlier in the list of surveys which most backs up your point ? 
  fantastic news for the non-eurozone taxpayer . 
   no serious arguments against a legit question . 
  if it was sarcastic he would be saying the germans are n't the bad ones - the brits + nordic are . 
  the comment you replied to is working on the basis that he 's being sarcastic . 
   basically strong nations would remain strong and weak nations would become bigger and more powerful . 
  an average would be met between the weak nations and the strong ones . 
  there 'd be no way of bringing them all up to the strongest country 's level . 
  it 's only criminal intent because we defined it so a while ago . 
  libel and slander are good laws and should be here - but imagine a world where they did n't exist ; there 'd be uproar larger than the one we have now about ` limiting free speech ' and they 'd be right . 
   but nobody can see it because google blocked up ( because that fucking bitch cindy sent a take down request ) then my freedom of speech is being infringed . 
  no , that information is still there and can still be found and distributed . 
  my blog is on page 36 of google . 
  nobody goes to page 36 . 
  are they infringing on my right to free speech ? 
  had n't thought of that . 
  surely it 's just a regulation like any other ? 
  i understand why it could be considered a free speech infringement but so could a whole trove of regulations which are n't half as controversial amongst non-libertarians . 
  for example libel/slander laws prevent companies telling lies . 
  what if they want to tell lies ? 
  it seems like a common sense law because we 're so used to it - but if it was proposed now people would be up in arms about free speech too . 
   is less important than someone else 's right to free speech . 
  removing a result from google is n't infringing on anyone 's right to free speech . 
   we need to treat each other as equals . 
  germany screwing over greece is clear evidence that we are not . 
  it 's clearly not that simple . 
  we could have a referendum on joining china too , but there 's little point in either . 
  it would be like giving england a say in another countries world cup team . 
  not really a good idea for anyone but england . 
   your post was an excellent example why the british public schools have such a bad reputation . 
  what ? 
  ca n't see that happening with the referendum result clearly showing that the greek public are against this . 
  i also ca n't see how this was possibly a good idea with all the rising euroscepticism . 
  peace in our time . 
  apart from top those do look very us . 
  it 's completely standard to put full disclosure clauses at the bottom of texts/articles . 
   i have no doubt that the bloodshed that occurred in the balkans in the 1990 's , and more recently in donbass , ukraine , would have repeatedly occurred throughout europe since wwii if it were not for the efforts of the eu , nato , etc. 
  nato , sure , but the eu did n't exist during that time , so how can it take credit for the lack of conflict ? 
  also , both existed during the balkan wars . 
  i do n't understand how you could connect the points . 
  why ? 
  this way you take his arguments for their merits rather than dismissing them because of who is saying them . 
  the referendum result served a purpose in negotiations , there 's no doubt about that . 
  it was probably well worth # 60m or whatever . 
  does he ever seriously posture to do so though ? 
  he 's a one issue politician , and everyone ( including himself ) knows that . 
   that 's like saying that stealing is ok as long as you do n't get caught . 
  no it 's not - it 's saying that it 's not my job to enforce it .
