  i would n't be surprised if we do too , behind closed doors . 
  that is n't ironic . 
  it 's effectively the same for broadband though , really . 
  if that 's the case then these filters make even less sense . 
  i do n't understand the fuss about ` cctv cameras on every street ' . 
  what country do you live in where it 's against a citizen 's rights to be recorded in public ? 
  why do you care if you 're recorded in public ? 
  i think you did something wrong . 
  i got a new phone plan last week on three and nothing is blocked whatsoever . 
  yes until that inevitably happens to everyone . 
  that 's because the government , and a large amount of the population do n't want to be part of a united eu . 
  as long as states are separate , they look after their own citizens first . 
   i do n't mind to use that as prerequisite , but nationality should n't matter . 
  the citizens of a country should be that country 's government 's number 1 concern . 
  until/if we get a united europe , sovereign states will always give their own citizens a better deal than foreign nationals . 
   but you did bring up the average age as an argument to enhance the weight of your comment/insult . 
  his comment was about how the citizens of palestine were to blame for their mistakes . 
  the average age is completely relevant to the discussion , as it shows that a vast amount of palestinians have nothing to do with the mistakes of their past , and that blaming them is ridiculous . 
  i did n't bring it up to add emotional weight , i brought it up because it debunks his argument . 
  it does n't matter about birthrate . 
  what matters is that this fool is saying kids should die because of their country 's `` bloody history of terrorism '' . 
  i do n't take a side on the israel palestine thing . 
  both sides have issues and neither is the ` good guy ' , but justifying the killing of innocent civilians , children , is moronic . 
   some sort of pan-eu social fund for cross border labour may be in order - funded from these people and spent on them . 
  or is there a better idea out there ? 
  i do n't understand how it would be ` funded from these people and spent on them ' . 
  would you tax immigrants eu wide ? 
  because that seems like a step backward in terms of integration . 
  or you could add a tax to every eu citizen to pay for special immigrant benefits - which would be even more unpopular and would undermine national governments who implement policies to spend less money on immigrants , by effectively forcing them to spend * more * on immigrants . 
   the point is that nobody with a job , no british either , are certain to be employed two years from now . 
  that risk is inherent in employment . 
  yes . 
  everyone takes a risk when they 're moving to seek employment , even if you 're not emigrating . 
   by that reasoning , you should abolish all unemployment and child benefits . 
  no , i do n't understand how you connected the two . 
  immigrants take a calculated and predetermined risk when they come here just like everyone else takes risks when they move cities for a job or other . 
  people who pay into the system get more benefits than those who have n't . 
  which is a risk they take when they move . 
  palestinians should n't be whining about innocent civilians being massacred and killed because they 've had terrorists in the past ? 
  the average age in palestine is under 19 . 
  do n't be a fucking moron . 
   pizza with ketchup you animal, 
   in my experience people who migrate even have an above average education . 
  anecdotal evidence to generalise hundreds of thousands of people spread across thousands of miles ? 
  parents make decisions on their children 's behalf . 
  if a parent decides to move to the uk - they know how much benefits they will receive and they accept that . 
  if the 3-year-old is suffering , it 's the parents ' fault for migrating to the uk . 
  yeah , there was a big scare until the details of the loans became widely known . 
  of course we 'd rather be paying 3k per year , but the terms of the 9k are so favorable that a lot of people are likely better off with this system . 
  [ here 's a good article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/mar/21/student-fees-policy-costing-more ) about how , due to the terms of the loans and the number of write-offs as a result , the new system of 9k per year is actually likely costing the taxpayer more than when it was 3k per year . 
  after 20 years your remaining debt is written off - before that you only pay on earnings over # 21k , so as you can imagine , getting the whole 27k back over the course of 20 years is a bit of a long shot from the government . 
  oh , yeah my mistake . 
  but if the number of applicants is at an all time high after the second year , surely that 's a good sign that it wo n't be a problem ? 
  ww2 propaganda artists were far better than these chumps . 
  the original comment was about a tax rate that made france seem more leftist than the uk . 
  see : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bofqt/the_uk_is_already_leaving_europe/cj7ve7y i feel you 're still missing the point . 
  those ` very few people ' are very important people to france 's economy . 
   it would be significant if a good chunk of the population ( single or double digits percentage ) would fall into that bracket . 
  which was sort of my point . 
  it seems insignificant because it covers such a small amount of the population . 
  but when you consider the jobs that those people who are subject to this tax do , it becomes significant . 
  a tax on all the largest company owners and ceos is very significant . 
   besides , eu workers/diplomats are n't earning these types of wages anyway . 
  no , but ceos , bankers and business owners do , who have a larger effect on france 's economy than eu workers/diplomats who contribute , monetarily , very little in comparison . 
  [ first year of new tuition fees saw record numbers of university enrollments . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-25432377 ), 
  pretty significant if you 're taking into account the sort of people who earn that money - namely business owners and ceos . 
  are they truly independent though ? 
  if the price of russian gas changes , due to the amount of it in the market , it 's going to affect the price of romanian 's gas . 
  if you 've got a job in a financial institution in the city , you probably care quite a bit about money . 
  with q1 growth figures it 's pretty close now . 
  i choose to believe !, 
   whats the point of boycotting the brand ? 
  they do n't know that you are boycotting them . 
  you 're not watching it because you think the sponsors will advertise to you and make you buy their stuff , right ? 
  boycotting the sponsors avoids this issue . 
   if nobody watches the event in russia or qatar but everyone does in any free country like brazil the message will be heard . 
  if sponsors are boycotted then they will pay fifa less and the message will also be heard - but you can also watch the world cup !, 
  jesus / r/europe is a shit hole these days . 
  so you 're going to boycott the world cup instead of boycotting the brands that sponsor the world cup , who are paying regardless of whether you watch or not ? 
  seems pretty rational . 
  i did n't realise anyone watched advertisements during football matches . 
  tuning in to the match itself does n't provide revenue , you understand that do n't you ? 
  interestingly , [ sticking two fingers up ] ( http://imgur.com/fqo5yrq ) , ( which is like a middle finger insult in the uk ) , originated from the battle of agincourt when our longbowmen showed the french that they had two fingers and could therefore use their bows and shoot arrows . 
  the french at the time would capture soldiers and lop off their two fingers to prevent them firing bows . 
  tangentially related , and almost ironic that you said that . 
   how is construction a `` profit '' for a country . 
  i never said it was . 
  i simply was phrasing it that money gets spent on the local economy through it . 
  i assume by ` money gets spent on the local economy ' you mean somebody is profiting ? 
   upgraded stadiums can possibly draw more business . 
  these teams had hard times filling their old ones . 
  brazil has awful stadium turnout - bigger stadia wo n't ` draw more business ' in any way . 
   there are reasons that countries compete for special events instead of acting like it is a burden . 
  this reason consistently evades the citizens of the countries where said events are held . 
  a cynic might say that it 's a way for politicians to get their friends in big business fat contracts . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  does your turning the television on give money to anyone ? 
  that 's not true . 
  most countries make a horrific loss on the world cup , tourism and construction included .
