  on a serious note : [ brighton pavillion would n't be out of place in mumbai . 
  are you saying i 'm wrong or that the article is ? 
  the statement you quote is correct . 
  my statement is also correct . 
  they do n't contradict each other . 
  it does n't . 
  i 've stated that many times but people do n't seem to be able to follow my argument . 
  shooting yourself in the foot means what you intended to do to someone else , happened to you instead . 
  apply this to the idea that we wanted to implement sanctions to hurt russia more than ourselves . 
  if we shot ourselves in the foot - we 've hurt ourselves more than russia ; putting russia in a better position relative to ` us ' than they were before . 
  no , you 're not understanding what i 'm saying . 
  orban is saying that the aim of the sanctions was n't accomplished . 
  implementing sanctions was supposed to ` shoot russia ' , but has instead ` shot the eu ' . 
  read what he 's saying and think about what his words mean . 
  what am i doing with my time ? 
  ah shit that makes sense too haha . 
  automatically fills as ` it 's ' and it 's not worth the effort to go back and change it when it does . 
   orban is saying that the sanctions are having negative effects on europe too ` shooting oneself in the foot ' means you unintentionally weakened yourself . 
  when sanctions are supposed to damage russia , ` shooting oneself in the foot ' in regards to those sanctions would constitute damaging yourself instead of russia . 
  he 's not saying `` the sanctions have hurt us too '' , he 's saying `` the sanctions have damaged us more - when they were supposed to damage russia more '' . 
   the lithuanian guy says that if we did n't sacrifice something in order to fight russia , it would be so strong that it would take from us way more than we are now sacrificing . 
  he 's agreeing with orban 's assessment that we 'd unintentionally strengthened russia through the sanctions ( aka shooting oneself in the foot ) . 
  orban is saying that we 've made russia stronger , relative to the eu . 
  linas says in response : if we did n't make russia stronger , relative to the eu ( if we did n't shoot ourselves in the foot ) , russia would be stronger relative to the eu , ( russia would shoot us ) . 
   i think they both imply the different things : orban thinks that we just made ourselves weaker and linkevi\u010dius says that we made russia weaker with some costs , which , in his opinion , is not bad . 
  that 's the problem . 
  orban makes a point ( we 've weakened ourselves relative to russia ) which linas agrees with ( `` if we did n't ... '' ) , then goes on to contradict it . 
  it 's genuinely nonsense . 
  he 's spouting shit rhetoric to seem like he 's tough on russia but his argument/response does n't actually mean anything . 
  why ? 
  orban ( guy on the left ) said that sanctions did n't to what they were supposed to do ( make russia weaker relative to the eu ) - but the opposite ( make russia stronger relative to the eu ) . 
  linas ( guy on the right ) retorted that if we had n't done sanctions ( which he agrees aided russia ) , russia would 've been stronger . 
  `` if we did n't make russia stronger , russia would 've been stronger '' is what he 's effectively saying . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  ` shooting oneself in the foot ' = weakening one 's self in relation to russia unintentionally . 
  he 's essentially saying `` if we did n't give russia an advantage over us , russia would win '' . 
  does n't make much sense logically if he 's replying to the guy on the left . 
  it 's sort of like this : imagine there 's a big scary man that 's trapped two people in a cave . 
  you decide to throw him some body armour , and he puts it on and keeps guarding the cave - waiting to kill you . 
  guy on left : we fucked up by strengthening him with armour . 
  guy on right : if we did n't strengthen him he would have killed us !, 
  judging by the fact that there are no consistently connected areas besides the uk and romania - and that the uk is the most visited of the two , i 'd guess you 're from here . 
  and because you 've taken a plane to cornwall , you 're probably near a large airport , and far enough away to not drive . 
  i 'm guessing you 're from liverpool/manchester . 
  probably would n't take a plane to southern ireland . 
   no it does n't ...   oliver and it 's variations do n't come close to muhammed 's . 
  did you even read the link ? 
  oliver and ollie make 7749 . 
  the muhammeds make 7,445 . 
  the numbers are all in the link i gave . 
  did * you * read it ? 
  ` shooting oneself in the foot ' is referring to oneself 's position in relation to russia . 
  the guy on the right does n't make sense . 
  that 's not true . 
  if you take into account the different versions of ` oliver ' , that 's number 1 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/aug/15/the-top-100-baby-names-in-england-and-wales-2013 ), 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/aug/15/the-top-100-baby-names-in-england-and-wales-2013 ) he 's right . 
  oliver and it 's variations are more common . 
   do you want your government to be doing what 's best for england , not the uk ? 
  at the moment the government is the uk government - so the uk . 
   the thing is , that wo n't last . 
  interesting that you can forecast that so accurately . 
  most economists think the uk is doing well and that the eurozone is on shaky ground . 
  i think i 'll take your word for it though . 
  needs a good wash if you ask me . 
  i think the current eu flag is fine anyway . 
  the guy knows how to wear a trench coat . 
  oops, 
  coming here , leaving their cars !, 
  [ home nations , hot places and holland . 
  that does n't really solve his complaints though . 
  because the front page is dominated by russia , other europe related news is missed by the majority of the subreddit and generates no discussion whereas before , it would have . 
  when there are 9 russia posts on the front page , there are 9 non-russia posts that do n't make it . 
  i do n't need to go into a comments thread about russia any more , i know what i 'll get . 
  not nearly as greasy or unhealthy looking as it should be . 
  celtic send their regards . 
  you would have had to tour a lot of different degrees and schools to come to that conclusion . 
  i do n't think he was trying to be helpful . 
  if we 're judging comments by how ` helpful ' they are then yours falls short of the bar too . 
  it really is unfair . 
  york , lincoln , canterbury , durham cathedrals and westminster abbey would all have a good shout , but it would be boring to pick a whole bunch of gothic churches , so i went with my favourite . 
  my local tesco looks the same on a sunday evening . 
  i guess the sanctions are hitting suburban england hard too . 
  got to be careful when you 're signing up for stuff with your email . 
  all the best . 
  i 'm sorry you have to provide for the family that was forced upon you against your will . 
  wish you all the best mate . 
  hope you get out of this rut you 've found yourself in eventually . 
  you should whine more about how everything 's not your fault and absolve yourself from responsibility for your choices . 
  there 's nothing stopping someone going to university and getting a decent job in this country if they apply themselves . 
  eh , he also boasted about being able to spend ten thousand lives every week . 
   yes clearly being forced to perform menial labor for the least amount of money somebody can possibly live on is the definition of ` freedom ' and tantamount to real social justice . 
  with a suitable social welfare safety net that should n't be a problem . 
  you 're airing grievances with the us system , not capitalism as a whole . 
  if your skills are in demand , you 're valuable to society and will be paid more . 
  if they 're not , you 're less valuable and will be paid less . 
  why should a nuclear physicist whose an expert in his field be rewarded the same for his work as someone who puts groceries in a bag ? 
   the entire point was that strong ` property rights ' are used to deny the ` right to property ' to everybody who was n't born rich that 's a problem that wo n't be solved by abolishing property rights . 
   or does n't find the right dick to suck it sounds like you 're dismissing anyone who pulled themselves out of being poor because they `` sucked dick '' and you 're too much of a big man to do that . 
   you ugly friendless fucking moron .
