  there were 3 ( ? ), 
  stadia in brazil that received refurbishments costing hundreds of millions ( more than it costs to build most stadia ) which did n't require refurbishment for non-world cup usage and will have empty seats now that it 's done . 
  they should n't be . 
  it 's not fifa 's job to be the tool of politicians . 
  they put on a show . 
  i completely agree . 
  the world cup should be apolitical . 
   a festival of peace it 's not a festival . 
  watching wo n't benefit russia in any way . 
  i understand your point , but  only eu citizens are worthy of protection is true , as bad as it sounds . 
  that 's effectively where the eu 's jurisdiction ends . 
  if this was a conflict within the eu , you could bet that there would be troops on the ground , but it 's not - so there are n't . 
   but the uk playing the blame game even though they are clearly only pushing the populism card is what makes it disgusting . 
  the government is n't blaming anyone . 
  would you prefer it if they said nothing as a response to a plane going down ? 
   and then blaming the eu and other countries when the uk position is no different then germanys or italys is really the lowest one can get . 
  i do n't know where you get `` blaming '' from . 
  the uk and netherlands want the eu to change it 's approach in response to the downed plane . 
  they are n't blaming the eu for it happening . 
  if our government said nothing you 'd be up in arms about it too . 
  have n't they been shooting down military planes for the last two months though ? 
  nothing 's to say that this is even from the last week . 
  it could 've been shot any time in the last few months . 
  the title says that the video shows ` terrorists ' and that the sam is being moved ` back to russia ' , neither of which can be deduced from the video . 
  it just shows a missile launcher moving . 
  this is literally just a video of a missile launcher being transported . 
  what a nonsense title . 
  probably saves a ton in jet fuel . 
  i do n't want world war 3 . 
  if the gas line is cut , then the price of the gas that they do rely on for heating will rocket . 
  [ supposedly this one . 
  ] ( http://uk.flightaware.com/live/flight/mas17 ) interestingly , the tracker above cuts off before ukraine , whereas [ this one ] ( http://www.flightstats.com/go/flighttracker/flighttracker.do;jsessionid=7d3001e54530ca595d6f3a9334c56f60.web2:8009 ) shows it up until the russian border . 
  probably leave the eu . 
   ~ 13 % of the area . 
  the values listed are for uk , not england . 
  uk has ~ 25 % of combined pop of germany and france . 
  if you 're referencing other data that is n't in the op , ignore me . 
   it does nullify any rational argument against it . 
  i fail to see how it does . 
  just because germany have higher immigration than us does n't invalidate opinions and concerns . 
   it moves immigration issues from the imigrants to the goverments handling of imigration nobody worth listening to is blaming the immigrants for immigration . 
  it 's a government issue and everyone knows that . 
  do n't know much about it but i 'm all for self determination . 
  that would be interesting . 
  edit : i did a quick one . 
  http://imgur.com/1c1df7u it does n't include countries that have n't had referendums . 
  looks like a * little * more of a trend - not drastically though . 
  handing over sovereignty is too large an issue to be decided by a parliament . 
  even the bloody russians want to seem democratic enough to at least seem to give a referendum to the crimeans on their sovereignty . 
  * how have you come to the conclusion that the majority of the public are ` uneducated ' ? 
  is it , by chance , that they do n't share your views ? 
  * how would one discern the ` intelligent ' from the ` unintelligent ' , to decide who can vote ? 
  your argument seems to be `` dumb people will vote , so nobody should be able to vote ! '', 
  i do n't think we 'd complain . 
  i think most people would justify it because that 's how a democracy should work . 
  ah , got it . 
   as his views on the eu 's direction are completely at odds with the bulk of the british public . 
  ~ ~ i 'd be interested to know how you come to this conclusion . 
  we have n't had a referendum on europe and the rise of ukip indicates moods might be changing . ~ ~ ~ ~ the only party that are strictly pro-eu are the lib dems , who have been/will be decimated at the next elections . ~ ~ edit : you were talking about junker , not cameron . 
  london 's financial sector has n't been held back by it being in a country that uses the pound . 
  i do n't know what technically defines a ` building ' , but you can walk inside it and have a cup of tea . 
  i think it 's a building . 
  it seems like a building , at least . 
  is the list only taking into account inhabited buildings ? 
  emley moor mast is close to that size and is n't on the list , so there must be other , taller buildings . 
  that said , if russia turns the taps off then the cost of our gas will probably rocket too due to increased demand . 
  defaulting on debt to russia would be catastrophic , would n't it ? 
  they do far more business with russia than the west , to cut that tie and put all of your eggs in the eu basket would be pretty irresponsible when admission is subject to harsh austerity measures and is n't guaranteed . 
   i 'd like them to leave rather than having them in the eu stopping any process of further integration . 
  surely hearing a country 's problem and considering it is preferable to saying `` if you do n't like what we 're doing , leave '' ? 
  the uk is n't the only ` rebel ' country in the eu . 
  there are smaller ones that , were the uk to leave ( or be kicked out ) , would feel they lost a big ally . 
   because the eu is so multilingual . 
  we 've all got a pretty useful language in common though . 
  the less that 's qualified as hate speech the better . 
  it 's not like the previous voting manners were better . 
   walk around london and tell me you do n't see the stark differences between the neighborhoods of the elite and the middle class . 
  rich people live in nicer places than poorer people . 
  case closed , you done it . 
  income inequality = / oligarchy or breakdown in democracy . 
  need to look up these words before you throw them around . 
   the british government is also rife with corruption and people working the system . 
  no it 's really not . 
  http://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results  a guy hailing a taxi next to me once called me a `` commoner '' and i almost went full-george washington on him . 
  how very undemocratic of him !, 
  i was n't defensive about it . 
  the guy was using the voting system as evidence for the lack of democracy causing the apparent oligarchy in place in the uk . 
  it 's completely ridiculous . 
  the world is ruled by bankers . 
  always has been . 
   i would argue that the uk is even more of an oligarchy than the us ( i have lived in both countries ) . 
  you do n't have to have lived in a country to know whether it 's an oligarchy or not . 
  the uk being more of an oligarchy than the us is a joke though . 
  completely pandering to the / r/europe crowd . 
  you 've double negatived yourself there . 
  besides , that 's not undemocratic . 
  fptp is far from a perfect system but it 's not undemocratic . 
  voting for ukip is what forced cameron to put renegotiation of our place in the eu in his manifesto . 
  people who vote ukip might just want better terms . 
  that , or theyre really good with the bins .
