  eu immigrants ? 
  i apologise . 
  the first stage is denial , i 'm sorry . 
   london 's status as a major financial centre ... is dead london has more financial workers than most other european cities have professional workers . 
  http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/06/14/no-paris-will-never-be-the-new-london-brexit-finance/ london will be fine . 
  their economy relies ( relied ) on oil more than anything . 
  that 's not looking so peachy now . 
  the eu can have them if they want . 
  higher crime , obesity , lower gdp . 
  but they vote left wing on things so you 'll love them . 
  it 's not legally binding but it 's politically binding . 
  nobody is going to ignore the result . 
  and it worked . 
  if he had n't promised it , ukip would be in coalition and have a referendum anyway - but they 'd also influence other politics . 
   he called the referendum to steal ukip voters , he is directly responsible . 
  if he did n't call the referendum he 'd be in coalition with ukip , who would 've forced a referendum anyway . 
   decade from now , with isis and the refugee crisis well in the past . 
  oh you hopeful thinker, 
  very small . 
  can the city of london go independent from the rest of london ? 
   my prediction is that uk will come back to eu in 10-20 years but this time on less preferable conditions you 're an optimist . 
  i doubt the eu will be around ( beyond france , germany and benelux ) in 20 years . 
  nope . 
  a norway style deal was never the aim . 
  what are you on about ? 
  the tory party was completely split on the eu , and i do n't think i 've ever heard the `` tories always blame the eu '' narrative before your comment just now . 
  if he had n't promised a referendum he 'd be in coalition with ukip and we 'd have had a referendum anyway . 
  besides , why is giving the public a chance to decide a bad thing ? 
  no , my point was that a crazed lunatic has absolutely nothing to do with the brexit debate and bringing it up to further your point is cheap . 
   you must not have been listening when he debunked the 350 million pound per week figure oh , tell me you noble scholar you , how exactly did he debunk the 350m figure ? 
  we genuinely * do n't * have control of the 350m we give to brussels . 
  we do get a rebate . 
  we do n't have control of the size of the rebate . 
   trading with canada is also a completely different story since they 're in the commonwealth . 
  they 're a former british colony and have always had extremely close ties with the uk ; not so much the case between the uk and continental europe . 
   i was talking about canada 's trade deal with the eu . 
  the uk does n't have a trade deal with canada because it 's not allowed one . 
  shit arguments from oliver : * apparently disproving a shit pillow regulation statistic proves that there 's no problem with regulation . 
  come again ? 
  * he says ( rather indirectly , but it 's strongly implied ) the uk would n't be able to trade with europe without free movement . 
  ( look at canada and tell me that again . ), 
  * jo cox murder was demonstrative of the current mindset of the country , or more specifically , leave voters . 
  also , the # 350m fact was correct . 
  ** the uk has 0 control of how much it gets back in the rebate . 
  ** we give the eu # 350m and have no say in what they do with it . 
  he then goes on to say # 190m is absolutely worth it . 
  something economists arent even in consensus about . 
  shit arguments from oliver : * disproving shit pillow regulation statistic proves that there 's no problem with regulation . 
  * we would n't be able to trade with europe without free movement . 
  ( look at canada and tell me that again . ), 
  * jo cox murder was demonstrative of the current mindset of the country , or more specifically , leave voters . 
  also , the # 350m fact was correct . 
  ** the uk has 0 control of how much it gets back in the rebate . 
  ** we give the eu # 350m and have no say in what they do with it . 
  also , as someone else pointed out , he cut of gove 's speech half way through to make it seem ridiculous . 
  i ca n't blame an uninformed person for going along with his arguments , but he 's clearly pushing an agenda . 
  shit arguments from oliver : * disproving shit pillow regulation statistic proves that there 's no problem with regulation . 
  * we would n't be able to trade with europe without free movement . 
  ( look at canada and tell me that again . ), 
  * jo cox murder was demonstrative of the current mindset of the country , or more specifically , leave voters . 
  also , the # 350m fact was correct . 
  ** the uk has 0 control of how much it gets back in the rebate . 
  ** we give the eu # 350m and have no say in what they do with it . 
  you might not have noticed this but your views are a lot more extreme than farage or trump 's . 
  it was !, 
  someone made a stat up to show how bad regulation is . 
  oliver debunked that stat . 
  that does n't mean he 's shown that there 's no relegation problem . 
   all those will be obsolete why would they ? 
  they do n't rely on eu membership at all and i have n't seen anyone seriously suggest that they 'd be forfeited . 
  if the country votes for it , does it matter the reasoning ? 
   why are we so eager to turn our backs now ? 
  leaving the eu is n't turning our backs on our war allies . 
  we were n't even in the eu during the war . 
  empty rhetoric . 
  `` we should stay in the eu because of the war '', 
   but why seek preferential treatment ? 
  why would a country ever not seek preferential treatment ? 
  they will likely be given time too though . 
  the government wo n't want to evict people from the country and cause a fuss when there 's no need . 
  of course . 
  it seems like we 're agreeing . 
  the point is that deporting them would be ridiculous - as the fact they could be integrating better does n't outweigh the fact that they contribute massively to the local and national economies . 
  but that 's not my point at all and i think you 're being deliberately naive to state so . 
  people born in a state are assumed rights to stay in that state . 
  people who want to immigrate into a state are given certain requirements to meet from said state . 
  this is because the state has no obligation to those who are n't its citizens . 
  again , i do n't think you actually need this explaining - you just want to carry on your little `` people are more than what they can contribute '' line of thought when the discussion is specifically about what people contribute . 
   so now we judge people off their accounting value ? 
   when you 're talking about the effect of immigrants on a country it would be ridiculous not to . 
  the point is that even though they * should * learn the language , they 're still massively benefiting the country they emigrate to . 
  people are n't allowed to complain about immigrants failing to integrate if people born on the same piece of land as them emigrated and failed to integrate ? 
  not even , though that is a problem too . 
  undercutting can happen at any wage . 
  i love that when its someone reddit likes that votes against a liberal policy - `` it 's just smart politics '' . 
  if it was anyone else they would be the most disgusting person ever for a couple of weeks . 
   but honestly its the uk population ( a significant fraction ) nope . 
  they get readership of about 1.5 m. 
  by how seriously / r/europe takes them i 'm sure a fair amount of their readership comes from here . 
  as far as / r/europe is concerned , the tabloids get 100 % readership and shape the face of the country .
