   consumers ca n't research every single product on the shelves thoroughly when they go shopping , let alone compare it with all possible alternatives elsewhere . 
  so the solution is to have the eu tell you what to buy ? 
  if you buy something without research and are surprised when you find that it 's a piece of shit - then nobody should be responsible but you . 
  because consumers keep stupidly buying it does n't mean something should be banned . 
   banning specific things has the advantage that it leaves people/the market free how exactly to replace them . 
  and has the disadvantage of limiting choice for something that was n't causing anyone harm , ( again , uninformed consumers getting burnt is something that will happen with any product . ), 
   in other words , what you propose is more like the typical caricature of government ( expensive , inefficient , corrupt ) some people like to make . 
  there 's no reason that a grant scheme needs to be inefficient or corrupt . 
  that 's a problem with the organisation , not the idea of a grant scheme . 
  my main proposal is no ban at all - things were fine . 
   what i am dismissing here is the strange assumption that they are majority opinions . 
  i did n't mean to imply that i thought they were majority opinions . 
  they 're clearly not . 
  a sizeable minority though , nonetheless . 
   and the even stranger one that they are right just because they are now `` widespread '' . 
  again , i did n't mean to imply this either . 
  they are n't ` right ' because they 're widespread ( the idea that an opinion can be ` right ' is nonsense , so i do n't really know what you mean ) - but it is ` right ' that politicians take them into account * because * they 're widespread . 
   i fundamentally mistrust anybody who claims to speak on behalf of `` the public '' , anyway ... 
  i have n't claimed to speak on behalf of the public anywhere in this post . 
  i have n't even disclosed my own opinions on the eu . 
  not at all , there have been and are high power and energy efficient vacuums for a long time , and i do n't think sticking to the floor has been a problem . 
  [ king edward 's chair is more than 700 years old ] ( http://imgur.com/k4hlzw6 ) and seated every monarch . 
  does n't look that cool but the history of it is . 
  i did n't claim to . 
  whatever logic you 're using to figure that i 'm speaking for other people could be levelled at your own response , `` a lot of people do '' . 
  do n't really know what to make of that reply . 
   what happened in practice was that companies preferred to reduce production and r & d costs by increasing motor strength instead of efficiency , leaving the consumer with an electricity bill after buying a cheap vacuum cleaner . 
  uninformed people make bad purchases , who would 've thought ? 
  grants to companies implementing energy efficient technology would be a much better solution , as it encourages companies to sell certain things - as opposed to banning things you prefer they would n't sell . 
   ` nanny state ' is a derogatory term coined by neoliberals . 
  i 'm well aware . 
   if you are so inclined , the nhs would be the best example of nanny state . 
  i doubt that it 's validity is in question . 
  no , ` nanny state ' means that the state are limiting your choice ` for your protection ' . 
  you do n't have to use the nhs , so there 's no limiting a person 's choice . 
  because it 's public funded does n't mean it 's a symptom of a nanny state . 
   is this an example of ` evil eu - must be bad ' ? 
  no , it 's an example of shit that is n't necessary . 
  i 'd be against it if it were my local council proposing it . 
  people do n't like nanny states . 
  it 's not only low-power vacuums that are energy efficient , anyway . 
  you * can * get an energy efficient high power vacuum - or * could * , at least . 
  you ca n't just dismiss viewpoints of the public because they started out as ` minority ' opinions . 
  the idea that they were ` minority ' opinions and that their being ` legitimised ' caused them to be widespread surely means that people held those opinions but were reluctant to express them , right ? 
   only in willy-wonka world of / r/europe [ 1 ] and the eu , ` populism ' is a derogatory slur , but only because they hold the public and democracy in contempt . 
  you 're right , but it 's far easier to use common terminology ( however incorrect ) than explain why the terminology is wrong and have to devise a new one . 
  it does seem odd that a leader changing his views to reflect public opinion is so derided here . 
  it 's nothing to do with ` populist ' policies - it 's basic pandering to public opinion . 
  if a party which was in favour of human rights for trees gained popularity - then cameron would suddenly become more pro-tree . 
  but your nominal gdp growth !!!!!!, 
  be happy !, 
  because they 're smaller economies . 
  it 's probably nothing personal . 
  ( besides , the problems in southern europe have n't been ` ignored ' whatsoever . ), 
  poland are allowed to sell milk as far as the eu are concerned . 
  it 's russia who banned them . 
  the only way an eu army would be deployed is if eu member states agreed on it 's use . 
  that 's no different to the current situation with individual armies and nato . 
  operating costs etc. 
  make it pretty substantial to keep . 
  it 's `` a british person '' or `` a brit '' , not `` a british '' . 
  basically , british is an adjective , not a noun . 
  i think the point is that sweden being ` willing to help ukraine ' does n't mean the same as other countries being ` willing to help ukraine ' . 
  if you asked a priest if he was willing to ` help ' ukraine , and asked a guerilla fighting force - the two `` yes '' answers mean very different things . 
  either way , saying nato have `` done nothing '' is silly . 
  so they were winning until they were n't ? 
  nato has no obligation to protect a non-nato state . 
  waging war with russia to stop russia waging war with us does n't make much sense either . 
  * [ sweden and finland have signed agreements which allow nato to deploy troops in them . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12716bc0-2e05-11e4-b760-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3bfp5inih ) * [ nato plans east european bases to counter russian threat ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/26/nato-east-european-bases-counter-russian-threat ) if that 's `` not actually done anything '' , then russia altering military doctrine is ` doing nothing ' too . 
  are you saying that the uk 's interests are in line with all of the eu 's ? 
  or that scottish interests are n't in line with much of the uk 's ? 
  russians wo n't have to ` wait for fuel supplies ' either , it would take less than 6 hours for fuel supplies to get from russia all the way to kiev . 
  he did n't say it would be wise or in his best interests to do so , just that he could . 
  but the us army are a little more cautious than the russian one probably would be . 
  that , and kiev is n't 9000 miles away from russia . 
  i 'll send a cricket bat to your address if you want . 
  even then . 
  they lost 1 million and had 20 + million left . 
  us troops are more likely to follow certain military protocols that make it a bit slower to invade civilian populated areas . 
  also , baghdad is on the other side of the world to america . 
  russia has military bases and airstrips all across the border with ukraine . 
  i would n't doubt his 14 days claim . 
  i 'm as firm a ( rational ) critic of thatcher there is . 
  vile woman . 
  but you 're just being silly . 
  what do you think of the moon landings ? 
  every scientific institute in the country receives government grants and funds , something that , given your stance on thatcher , i 'd imagine you would support . 
  you 're grasping at straws if you 're claiming the ifs is doubling figures . 
  or deluded . 
  no , [ the institute for fiscal studies ] ( http://ifs.org.uk ) , which is an independent research institute . 
  the stats are from the ifs , not the government . 
  i 'm not saying unemployment did n't skyrocket - i 'm pointing out that you keep blatantly exaggerating . 
   half the workers below the poverty line [ right . 
  no exaggeration at all . 
  that goes for crime rate statistics in general . 
  statistically it does n't matter . 
  they 'll be influenced by the eu whether they go independent or not . 
  they currently have representation and aligned interests with much of the uk . 
  the uk does n't have aligned interests with much of the eu - that 's why it 's not hypocritical for people to be eu skeptic and anti independence .
