  you would be surprised how many unprofessional people in developing african countries can hold a conversation in english . 
  yes , but when he follows it up by accusing `` you ... '' and `` you ... '' he 's talking about either the person he 's responding to or the person 's country as a whole ( russia ) , not putin . 
  by using ` you ' , he 's talking about either the impersonal , as you pointed out , or the person he 's responding to - neither of which are putin . 
  sorry if i 'm not being clear - but my initial post was valid whether he was using the impersonal ` you ' or not . 
  impersonal use of ` you ' would mean he 's talking about russian citizens as a whole ( still , not putin - which is what he claims is the problem ) , which does n't change my point or contradict it whatsoever . 
  two of those pictures are just the inside of buildings . 
   so you thought your next victim will be left helpless and alone just like the last one and the ones before it ? 
  not this time . 
  __  add the dutch to the crowd , which you kicked in the face just by accident . 
  wait , you say the article is anti-putin , not anti-russia , then berate a russian as a result of it ? 
  do n't you see how it 's pretty easy for this to come off as anti-russian , not anti-putin with comments like these ? 
  eu citizens can apply for student finance in england so you should n't have to finance it yourself . 
  the deadline was in late june though i think , so you 'll probably want to do it asap . 
  sounds like a fun time for everyone . 
  no that does n't make sense i 'm afraid . 
  the russians were paying more for those apples than polish supermarkets were willing to pay . 
  the farmers indirectly ( via supermarkets and suppliers etc. ), 
  received russian money , which they would then spend in the polish economy . 
  now the farmers receive less money ( more supply and russians paid more ) , and polish money - money that would 've been spent in the polish economy regardless ( unlike russian money , which is effectively foreign investment ) . 
  i understand all that and it 's a great thing you 're all doing - but the op was explaining why it was a ` smart ' thing economically , which it is n't . 
   income of supermarket/individual rises the income of other places will fall as a result . 
  people are spending money on apples that they would 've spent elsewhere . 
   they pay more taxes and the business ' that lost out on sales will pay less . 
   more income for the state . 
  at the expense of the polish citizens , if at all . 
  supermarkets ' taxes would be directly offset by the loss of taxes from other business ' . 
  you 're also not taking into account the fact that farmers will have to sell their apples for less money due to a larger supply , resulting in even less wealth . 
  the result of this is negative regardless of how you look at it . 
  russian money that used to be in the polish economy has disappeared and is n't replaced . 
  there * is * a reason they were exporting them to russia in the first place . 
   but these kids are saddled with non-discharegable student debt , basically peons . 
  this is the only debt you can not get rid of in bankruptcy and it is unfair . 
  you are ruining their lives wow , i did n't know about that . 
  when was that implemented ? 
  it sounds like something that americans would get up in arms about considering how strong the right seem to rally behind ` rights ' and stuff . 
  what would happen if a us college graduate emigrated and stopped paying ? 
  supermarkets will probably see this as a short-lived boost in demand and i doubt it would have a change how much they now offer farmers for their apples with the massively increased supply . 
  you ca n't make up for a drop in demand for your exports by buying them all yourself . 
  probably true . 
  the price is still rising , just slower now . 
   the uk does . 
  all the time . 
  going outside means people will see you !, 
  this really is n't a civil liberties issue . 
  it 's a political one . 
  should the government be spending money elsewhere to better effect ? 
  perhaps . 
  no rights are being taken away . 
  nobody is being violated . 
   it is of utter importance that we see the cctv camera are vastly under regulated and will be misused like they are in various city council and are far from a silver bullet in crime detection . 
  what are you talking about ` misuse ' ? 
  anyone can use cctv footage for anything - it does n't have to be counter terrorism !, 
  i can put in a freedom of information act claim and get any cctv i want and review it at my leisure . 
   and are far from a silver bullet in crime detection . 
  that 's completely irrelevant to your argument that they are an infringement on your rights , but that 's incorrect anyway . 
  cctv is huge in criminal cases . 
  again , that 's irrelevant to whether it 's an infringement or not . 
   nobody gives a hoot . 
  nobody gives a hoot about cctv because its a non issue . 
  people give hoots about warrants and gchq spying - genuine infringements . 
  [ wikipedia list so you do n't have to search the pdf ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index#2014_report ), 
   nobody has the right to see what is in your personal notebook or read your personal mail you are carrying in your brief case . 
  good thing cctv cameras do n't do any of that . 
   it is nobody 's business to watch you or collect any data about your way home or way to work . 
  you 'd want it to be illegal to look at people in public then , to prevent ` watching ' . 
  sounds like you thought this through . 
   it can and will be misused . 
  it 's used to stop crimes . 
  the data protection act prevents other misuse . 
   hundreds of uk city councils ramp up their city revenues by using the cctv footage to catch road pirates - a noble cause which however violates the anti-terrorism laws under which the cameras have been installed . 
  that 's plainly not true . 
  cctv cameras were n't installed to counter terrorism , and they 're perfectly legal without counter terrorism laws . 
   the human condition dictates a progressive exploitation of the status quo . 
  give them one finger ... so the circle goes . 
  i 'm all for fightint for civil liberties , but come on . 
  we did n't `` give them one finger '' , because the individual has never had the right to be not recorded in public . 
  no civil liberties have been handed over by allowing the use of cctv . 
   policemen are highly regimented . 
  you can record them and hold them accountable for their actions . 
  there are transparent laws that every citizen ( should ) know - and vice versa the police men know when to stop and what not to do . 
  a machine is patient . 
  it will record and will eventually become a tool for the first best opportunist . 
  but they can still watch you and report on your actions in public perfectly legally . 
  you do n't have a problem with that ? 
  you lose all personal privacy when you go into public . 
  that 's the way it has been since the dawn of civilisation . 
  anyone and everyone can see you when you exit your own home . 
  i do n't understand your problem with that . 
  police officers watch you when you 're not in your house too . 
  do you see that as an infringement on your civil liberties ? 
  i had n't really thought of that before . 
  technically , a self-driving car would be going close to the legal speed limit ( unless there 's an eco mode or something - but you could turn that off ) , or abiding by the traffic lights or whatever - so an 'em ergency override ' button would n't make sense legally as you 'd only ever use it to break the law . 
  i 'd imagine there will be overrides because people might be concerned about this or other things initially , but i think manufacturers would have a hard time justifying them without mentioning that they are for emergencies - as that would be instructing users to break the law . 
  that 's a really interesting question , especially as we go towards a time where everyone is inevitably in a self-driving car . 
   how will people escape dangerous situations where the sensors recognise that there are people in front/around the car ? 
  what sort of situation are you talking about ? 
  like being in the middle of a car-jacking or something ? 
  nobody controlling the car - no driver, 
  it 'll probably get to a point where they 're reliable enough that you 'll officially have to ` pay attention to the road ' but nobody will . 
  the us pay ransoms pretty often , do n't they ?
