  that 's literally the platform they 're running on . 
  i do n't think you understand employment rates . 
   goddamnit uk should be glad they happen to speak the language of a nation that is world 's biggest power ( usa ) and that allows many skillful people to immigrate to uk . 
  yep , the same problem that france and germany are having . 
  wait ...  if uk 's government really thought immigration is bad , they would stop it . 
  i do n't know of you 're aware but the eu sort of prevents that . 
   but instead of growing balls and telling the public that it 's good for them , immigration is n't good for low paid workers ( the largest section of the workforce ) . 
   you 're always welcome in germany !, 
  who are also pushing for an eu immigrant benefit cap alongside cameron . 
   so , with all the respect , maybe you should leave eu , it 's fine for me . 
  that 's very selfless of you . 
  hundreds of thousands of eu immigrants that move here for work every year would probably be fine with that too . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  i do n't have figures but i 'd assume fluctuations in employment are usually massively biased towards low skilled jobs . 
  i would n't call those supermarkets . 
  is n't that democracy in action then ? 
  the rise of ukip has pushed the main two parties to mirror some of their policies , therefore reflecting the will of ( some of ) the people which they were n't before . 
  plainly untrue . 
   according to the the leader of cargo-200 , an russian group documenting the deaths on the internet . 
  right . 
  why do you think getting the euro would be beneficial , now of all times ? 
  not making an argument in favour of the us , i was referencing the uk part . 
  employment is rising . 
  average wage is rising faster than inflation - which is falling . 
  we 're looking like qualifying for euro 2016 easily . 
   growth must serve society , not the other way around . 
  if countries fall back into recession , hundreds of thousands of citizens will lose their jobs . 
  then either the state picks up the tab ( meaning there will be less public spending elsewhere ) , or the people are left on their own . 
  growth , on the other hand , means that business ' continue to employ people and/or give their employees more money . 
  i 'll take our `` society draining '' growth over what 's happening in the eu any day . 
  imf chief economist olivier blanchard 4 days ago :  among advanced countries , the united states and the united kingdom in particular are leaving the financial crisis behind and achieving decent growth . 
  even for them however , potential growth is lower than it was in the early 2000s . 
  on the eu :  growth in the euro area nearly stalled earlier this year , even in the core . 
  while this reflects in part temporary factors , both legacies , primarily in the south , and low potential growth , nearly everywhere , are playing a role in slowing down the recovery . 
   and we are still supposed to believe them ? 
  it does n't matter whether * you * believe them ; other banks do - which means it 's going to cost finland more to borrow money . 
  this is something you 'd be surprised to hear cameron saying last election . 
  and he 's doing that for political gain . 
  he 's not being hypocritical , he 's made euroskeptic promises to back his posturing up . 
  i do n't know how you came to the conclusion that the eu are ` enabling ' him though . 
  he 's alienated himself from the higher ups with the whole junker debacle . 
   like enabling hypocrites like cameron , is not being against the european union . 
  i think you 're going to have to expand on that one . 
  you would 've * loved * stalin 's soviet union then !, 
  they 're sending your money to france , numb nuts . 
  if you do n't like how the eu is spending your money , you might have more in common with euroskeptics than you realise . 
  it 's more than a vast number of countries have managed . 
  it is n't about getting permission to build the reactor , it 's about the french government getting permission to part fund the building of the reactor . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  what an awful comment . 
  historically there are a ridiculously larger number of ` terrorists ' who succeed ( or at least were n't ` wiped out ' ) than there are examples to the counter . 
  you ca n't justify the acts of the government in ireland . 
  the only proper answer i 've received . 
  how do you return someone to a country when they do n't have any paperwork or identification ? 
  they were without a doubt intentional . 
  they disagree with the fact that something is allowed , and want it to be disallowed . 
  whilst it 's allowed , they 'll use it , because not doing so would just disadvantage them disproportionately . 
  i disagree with the idea that i 'm not sleeping in a king sized bed . 
  in the meantime , i 'll sleep in my bed . 
  ( awful analogy , but the core is there ), 
  that 's not hypocritical though . 
  what does gdp have to do with the amount.of weapons manufacturing ? 
  it means i do n't have to carry cash . 
  i do n't care that the nsa or the supermarket know i buy bran flakes every week and a half . 
  it 's just so much simpler to not have to worry about cash . 
   completely separated form the uk now that 's not true . 
  the uk government effectively own one of ireland 's big four banks and the uk taxpayer propped up ireland 's economy in the 2008 crisis with # 20bn . 
  they 're legislatively independent , but economically they 're much less so . 
  what i 'm arguing is that we are n't responsible for their circumstances , so should n't be automatically assigned responsibility for improving their circumstances . 
  whether we feel a moral obligation to do so is another question , as is the economic one . 
  the `` you made this mess - so you clean it up ! '', 
  argument does n't stick . 
  whether we should help them is a question of morality or economics , not responsibility . 
  no , the guy two comments above me did - i was clarifying what he was suggesting . 
  it 's probably worth reading the conversation before injecting your wisdom . 
  calais it is . 
  you ca n't outrun a fighter jet with a boat . 
  i imagine the idea is that if their efforts are thwarted regularly enough that they would decide it 's not worth it and the trafficking stops . 
  i 'm no more responsible for any of that than mother theresa is , nor are the * vast * majority of people who would be footing the bill . 
  whether we * should * help them is a question of morality , not responsibility - acting otherwise muddys the debate and ignores the actual problems . 
  the war changed when the no-fly zone was implemented . 
  the war was won when we started bombing gaddafi . 
  without nato involvement it was a one sided affair . 
  there were talks about him playing for england , after all . 
  if you 're really into a bird you might take her to nando 's or even pizza express if she 's special . 
  refuting the point that `` there is n't a counter argument '' would be providing a counter argument . 
  i think that 's where you refute the point . 
  it 's more using general trade as a weapon - which both sides have shown willingness to do . 
  it just so happens that a large amount of russian trade is gas . 
  you need to spend some time away from / r/europe , seriously . 
  hahahaha fuck right off if you think i 'm the deluded one . 
  you 're the one that 's saying the putin is likely doing mass exterminations without anyone noticing . 
  if this is b8 then 8/8 . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
  i really hope you 're just caught up in the circlejerk and do n't genuinely believe what you 're writing . 
   * this graphic only compares the years leading up to ww2 , while there were ghetto 's and concentration camps at that time the real ethnic cleansing push did n't start until '41 yes , i know - that 's why it 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  ( besides the point , but nazi ethnic cleansing started in the late 1930s )  * most of the details about ethnic cleansing did n't surface until after the war , during the war there were rumours and suspicions but the true scale of it was n't clear at all . 
  are you implying that putin might be doing some ethnic cleaning himself ? 
  good 1 m8 . 
   * russian soldiers have already committed war crimes against pow 's .
