  the only reason other countries ' shit publications are n't ridiculed is because nobody from other countries speaks their language to consume it . 
  ukip pre and post farage are irrelevant . 
  farage brought the issue of the eu to the forefront of public attention and achieved his goal . 
  he took ukip from being completely irrelevant to shaping the major parties ' policy . 
  nobody in the uk establishment was criticising the eu anywhere near as loudly as farage . 
  i really do n't see how you can play down his influence . 
  single handedly got the uk out of the eu . 
  agree with the guys methods or not he 's a massive figure . 
  nope , i think those people will stay or be replaced by other foreigners willing to pay the 2k . 
  its also likely that the institutions will front the cost and not pass it on . 
   your all ideologically retarded desperate to ignore anything in the hope that everyone else is wrong in the world and you are in-fact right can you read this through then re-read your comments here . 
  notice who is unwilling to provide and arguments and is name calling . 
  someone is definitely `` ideologically retarded '' . 
  it 's based on nationality in so far as it 's ( currently ) everyone but brits and the eu . 
  afterwords it will probably be everyone who is n't a citizen . 
  i do n't see a problem with this at all . 
  that 's how almost every country does its laws . 
  different laws and rights for citizens . 
  a government is allowed to favour its citizens . 
  foreigners often do n't qualify for many things in a country . 
  currently students from outside the eu have to pay far more tuition at european universities than otherwise . 
  is that a problem too ? 
  should afghans have equal access to the norwegian education system as the norwegian citizens whose money funds it ? 
  i do n't think it 's vilification at all . 
  it 's a tax which will limit low skill immigration . 
  is a tax on something vilification ? 
  because increasing the minimum wage affects all workers and the entire economy . 
  this far less so , and discourages unskilled unneeded immigration . 
  they 'll probably stay because they 're highly qualified and # 2000 would be seen as worth it . 
  why is it despicable ? 
  if the employee is worth more than the tax , then they can be employed anyway . 
  if the employee is n't worth more , then they can hire local . 
  it 's a pragmatic discrimination based on skill and worth to the economy . 
  it 's not ` despicable ' at all . 
  but it is n't risky at all for labour to do so ? 
  much rather smarmy cunts like you , right ? 
  i 'd love for you to describe why he 's wrong but i do n't think you actually have any arguments , you posted your comment to bask in the / r/europe up vote party . 
  good job they 're not immigrating here in large numbers , and their immigration supported by large amounts of the population . 
  the demographics have changed . 
  permanent brigading is no longer brigading . 
  we wanted to be in the slow lane . 
  a 2 speed europe would have suited the uk perfectly . 
  we 'd probably have ended up wanting more integration as a result . 
  ok , but the actual ` stronger democratic systems ' ? 
  what are they ? 
  right , but all that shits domestic . 
  what does that have to do with this report or the uk 's economic future ? 
  should 've stuck around during the referendum . 
  why is theresa may terrible ? 
  i see this said a lot on this subreddit but do n't really know what 's triggered it ? 
  domestic policy ? 
  the ` about ' is absolutely common parlance and the furthest thing from a mistake there is . 
  ( like the ` redundant ' `` there is '' at the end of that sentence . ), 
  picking up on a little grammar is fine but do n't get carried away . 
   its stronger democratic systems how do you figure ? 
  nope the eu which has existed since the 70s has caused the peace in western europe since the 40s . 
  nobody wants to kick out all legal immigrants . 
  the use of analytics `` subverted our democracy '' does n't sound like a fact . 
  brexit being cowardice on the face of all the forecasted doom is an odd statement to say the least . 
  i want eu nationalist to go to an eu nationalist sub . 
  but here we are . 
  the commission and the member states are the same side of negotiations . 
  the subtleties do n't matter . 
  hard brexit would hurt the eu greatly too . 
  the uk would suddenly be able to import cheaper japanese cars and negotiate with every other country in the world . 
  the uk would recover in time from the blow and potentially thrive . 
  the eu wo n't recover from the loss of # 190m a week or whatever the figure is . 
  that money wo n't come back . 
  our main exporting parter could be elsewhere had we had the ability to individually negotiate with other countries . 
  which we will once brexit is done . 
  not to mention the ridiculously high tariffs that the eu put on non-eu food . 
  leaving the eu could mean certain foods become cheaper . 
  or just put a control on immigration . 
  that would work too . 
  because europhiles do n't buy newspapers as much as europhobes . 
  mystery solved . 
  trade stats for eu member states back it up . 
   people got duped like those who bought in to the unfounded ` bregret ' media narrative . 
  the snap election would only happen if other parties voted for it , which they did . 
  it 's as incomparable to fascism as could be . 
  48 % of the country did n't want to leave . 
  i highly doubt they all * like * the eu . 
  who obviously do n't count , not like us le young liberale redditors xd, 
  a larger majority means she has more power going into negotiations . 
  how is it not a leak ? 
  oh come on . 
  leaking talks from a diplomatic dinner is n't `` open sharing of information '' , it 's slimy backhanded tactics . 
  but it was an eu chap who done it so nvm . 
  it was practical to do so . 
  i do n't think anyone was under any illusions that the sentimental ` ever closer union ' feelings of the other members was n't shared by the uk . 
  being ` walked out on ' implies a level of betrayal . 
  article 50 was agreed upon by all as an option . 
  i do n't see how exercising the option to leave is a betrayal . 
  whatever it is , it 's not the sterile trade agreement we voted to join . 
  re-read the sentence before making snarky comments . 
  he did n't say he thought the eu was far left . 
   what 's hostile about being walked out on by the uk ? 
  it 's not ` walking out ' , it 's taking the agreed upon method of leaving the club . 
  so it 's a level removed . 
  if those who are nominated by heads of state then nominated the people who make laws , would that be ok ?
