  why are you talking about russia again ? 
  the discussion was about poroshenko using said tactics . 
  nobody said russia was innocent of the same tactics . 
  nobody even implied that before you said it . 
  why does the fact that russia was dividing citizens on ethnic lines make the supposition that poroshenko is doing the same ` absurd ' ? 
  are you reading what you 're writing ? 
   thirdly , nato is not being used as a divisive tool , nato is being used as a defensive instrument to aspire to so that russia wo n't be able to invade the ukraine again . 
  nato will not discriminate their protection based on ethnic grounds , unlike russia which is explicitly using it 's military on ethnic grounds , because an attack on any constitutent part of ukraine will trigger article 5 nato protection . 
  not sure what relevance the majority of this has to anything that 's been said . 
  nobody said nato would discriminate based on ethnic grounds . 
  nobody said russia would n't discriminate based on ethnic grounds . 
  everyone is fully aware of article 5 . 
  the original point ( again , that i did n't make - it was that other guy ) , was that poroshenko asking for a referendum on nato is a tool used to divide ukrainians . 
  * his asking for the referendum * is the thing that will divide ukrainians , not nato itself as an organisation . 
   i guess we 're both just going to repeat what i say seeing as i 'm the only one of us who knows what he 's talking about . 
  you knew about ( and name dropped ) article 5 , so you 're definitely in-the-know . 
  i do n't doubt it will be trumpeted as a victory . 
   if putin honestly preferred the position they were in half a decade ago he would n't have invaded and then instigated this prolonged contra-esque insurrection in a non-aggressive neighbour . 
  the position they 've put themselves in now ( with ukraine in a state of constant pseudo-war ) is preferable to the position that they would be in if ukraine joined eu/nato - but neither is preferable to the position they were in 5 years ago . 
  it 's weird seeing such blatant whataboutism ignored when anti-russia but jumped on when it 's not . 
  firstly , it 's was n't me who made the initial argument . 
  secondly , his initial argument was that poroshenko was using divisive tactics by announcing this and using nato as a populist political tool . 
  your response was not a rebuttal , counter point or even ad hominem . 
  you 're just trying to say that russia is also being a bad guy - as if that somehow excuses poroshenko . 
  it 's weird that that needs to be spelled out for you . 
  mental gymnastics there . 
  russia would n't stand for nato taking buffer states for the exact reason you list - they like to meddle in them when they want . 
  if they all joined nato , that would be impossible . 
  ukraine being disallowed to join nato would n't be rewarding russia for recent events . 
  i 'm sure russia much preferred the position they were in 5 years ago to that proposed one . 
  your point being what ? 
  so they exist in reality off paper . 
   as if it were the eu that wanted an end to net neutrality , rather than member states . 
  what exactly do you think the eu is ? 
  appeal to authority only invalidates arguments based on logic , not based on information/knowledge said authority has that you do n't . 
  if a baker said that there 's no flour in his bakery , you 'd be right to take his opinion on it over ob from down the road . 
  it was heavily invested in and result by both the west and the east post war . 
  lame name . 
  even playing light devils advocate when it comes to russia will get you labelled a putin troll and have your arguments not even heard . 
  i gave up a long time ago . 
  presumably the house of lords did n't have access to the details of the ttip agreement which the eu ~ ~ commission ~ ~ are intent on pushing through . 
  how that can be considered to have no major effect on 32 areas of british life is baffling . 
  so they must 've deliberately left it out due to not being told what it is . 
  very true , i had n't considered that . 
   so what do you brits want to get for the advantage you currently have ? 
  i do n't think we see it as a battle really . 
  we 've got the bbc and we 're happy with it . 
   want to be the leader or want to earn a few bucks ? 
  again , nether is particularly important . 
  because citizens of the uk pay for the bbc . 
  if foreigners want to pay the tv licence , they would be able to watch it too . 
  that , or they 'll have ad breaks . 
  his arguments are all perfectly rational in the face of some of the shouty nonsensical arguments that ukip people are generally stereotyped to be around here . 
  as someone undecided on the whole brexit thing , his arguments are doing a far greater job of bringing me to his side than all the `` lol u think ur special uk well if u leave we 'll never talk to u again xd '' replies he 's getting . 
  edit : spelling, 
  who should we have asked ? 
  the people of indonesia ? 
  just because he 's from the uk does n't mean he 's in favour of his government 's actions . 
  why does everyone on this board act like commenters are representatives of the country 's government ? 
  / r/art, 
  alright then mate . 
  yes , i 'm not arguing that it is or is n't propaganda . 
  i 'm talking about the double standard when it comes to judging russian press and judging our own press . 
  no , the fact that redactors mock russian political cartoons as dumb putler propaganda - typical ruskies etc , but dismiss our own as just some cartoon . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about though . 
  they 're used as evidence of russian propaganda all the time here to be fair . 
  the variation in culture in the uk and the variation throughout europe are completely incomparable though . 
  it 's disingenuous to imply there 's some sort of continuum . 
  if i feel ` european ' , and some bulgarian feels ` european ' , we 're likely talking about two very different feelings . 
  that 's already been pointed out ; i was quoting the article . 
  i do n't think anyone in this subreddit recognises that , they see the eu as a growing imperial superpower or something equally bizarre . 
   simply because the the interests of eu and uk no longer have to be aligned and eu will be calculating about only the interests of the member states which can easily lead eu doing things that uk does not like but because they are no longer in the eu they do n't have a say over it . 
  but that 's simply not how international relationships work . 
  you do n't just fuck over a massive trading partner because they 're not in the eu , because there 's reciprocal value to the relationship . 
   most of the time there would be a cooperation but at the moment uk and eu have different opinion on some topic uk is screwed . 
  sure , they can be pain in the ass , even iran and israel can be pain in the ass . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i think you might 've spent to much time on / int /, 
   but at the moment that usa , china , eu or russia does not agree with you on some international matter they can team up against you . 
  which is why more cooperation with the likes of brazil , china and india would be vital . 
  if we left the eu we would remain important and large trading partners , ( hopefully more so than currently ) - and presumably we 'd become closer to the us economically - meaning there 's really no less deterrent to ` team up ' against the uk . 
  if there 's an argument that 's going to bring people in favour of the eu , economic protection wo n't be it . 
  strange for george osbourne to claim that if it blatantly were n't true . 
  i wonder if there 's some context lost in the article or something . 
  afaik being in the eu does n't give polish people british passports/citizenship . 
   well in terms of numbers , german is the most spoken language in europe really ? 
  that seems like it ca n't possibly be true . 
  key points from article : * 2015 growth prediction raised to 2.5 % from 2.4 % . 
  * 2014 growth at 2.6 % , lower than predicted 3.0 % . 
  * record employment - unemployment to fall to 5.3 % . 
  * trade deficit figures ` best in 15 years ' . 
  * living standards raised over 5 years . 
  * deficit halved since 2010 . 
   i do not wish my country to become irrelevant why would being outside the eu cause irrelevance ? 
  surely being inside an increasingly federal eu makes the uk increasingly less relevant as the eu 's central voice becomes more ? 
  rationality would lead to what could be perceived as a bias . 
  is right wing rational ? 
  is left wing rational ? 
  i 'd still watch it religiously . 
  i strongly feel that the more people ( especially round here ) listen to that episode the better .
