  so it 's the uk and france to blame . 
  but the skye 's picot would n't have happened if germany did n't invade belgium . 
  so it 's germany 's fault . 
  but germany would n't have invaded belgium if blah blah blah let 's not play the fucking historical blame game . 
  it does n't make any sense to do so and does n't work anyway . 
  no , it 's law - which is much harder to get a grasp of . 
  and syria would swiftly fall into more chaos than its in now , no doubt . 
   you do n't know what opportunity costs are if you use it . 
  so if you know what opportunity costs are , you 're never allowed to point them out ? 
  or they cease to exist ? 
  appeal to authority fallacy . 
  no i do n't thin that will happen at all . 
  mercenary obviously . 
  why do people on / r/europe think scotland is some sort of pseudo nordic wonderland ? 
  it 's a lovely place but it 's not hugely different to large swathes of the rest of the country . 
  yeah i agree with you man how can that many want to stay in eu ?!? 
  we do both those things . 
  we ca n't control and police the land outside the port , as france took that bit off us a few hundred years ago . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  no doubt there are many instances of foreign aid doing damage but the un do amazing jobs worldwide . 
  without the aid via them alone the world would be much bleaker . 
   only because he crumbled to pressure . 
  oh so you 'd rather he did n't i assume ? 
   he 's just a terrible politician trying not to slide further in the polls . 
  slide further ? 
  he 's not sliding at all . 
  he 's not going to fight for another election anyway - yet he 's still practically secured the next ge for the tories . 
  does foreign aid not exist in your world ? 
  that thing that governments and civilians have no obligation to do , but do ? 
  look into budget airlines . 
  often far cheaper than train travel . 
  oh right yeah i 'm with you, 
  no but it would work . 
  wait . 
  so should we or should we not be bombing isis ? 
  i do n't think you 've read much about the situation in hungary at all . 
  their entire problem is that they are * trying * to register the asylum seekers - as germany does - but they do n't want to be registered in hungary . 
  do you advocate that the hungarians break eu law and let the migrants flood through ? 
  can the uk break some eu laws too , while you 're at it ? 
   hungary has received billions of $ through the eu , most of which was paid for by germany . 
  no problem there . 
  why would there be ? 
   but when it comes to something that the whole continent struggles with suddenly its germanys problem . 
  these migrants all want to go to germany because of germany 's stance on them . 
   just build a fence and treat people like animals and everything will be alright . 
  sure . 
  they built a fence so that they could process and register asylum seekers , as per eu law . 
  no , the whole problem is that hungary are trying to register them , but the migrants are resisting . 
  satire . 
  yes . 
  it 's odd she does n't want to keep them all , really . 
  i think it 's a schengen issue , and the uk is n't part of that . 
  we have the same eu compliant refugee system we 've always had . 
  my point was that there 'd be no reason for cameron to go to talk to austria if a truck full of migrants was found in london ; the same way there 's no reason for him to go to guatemala in that circumstance . 
  people stole basmati rice , and many stole nothing at all . 
  this was n't a protest against consumerism , it was a protest against police brutality where the protestors decided to steal things . 
  that 's the point i was making . 
   but to be blunt , my personal opinion is that you guys can fuck off . 
  you just want the benefits and throw a tantrum every time you have to suffer even a minor downside . 
  the uk is one of the best at following the eu rules is n't it ? 
  why is questioning how things are run unwelcome in eu decision making ? 
  is n't that how it 's supposed to work ? 
  or should countries just listen to what merkel has to say and trot along ? 
  weird pseudo-justification for the london riots there . 
  there was absolutely nothing political about it - it was cunts looking for free shit who would 've done the same in 2007 if the opportunity arose . 
   i guess , if more than 70 bodies turned up in london , david cameron would want to make a comment or two as well . 
  i doubt he 'd go for the austrians any sooner than he 'd have words with venezuela , if that happened . 
  just seems odd . 
  negotiations are the power play of the people who want us to stay in europe . 
  shit or lack-of renegotiation is equivalent to handing the ` out ' camp a big old sword to swing at the ` in ' camp 's head . 
  i get your point , but i imagine they 'll need to apply for documents and shit that merkel apparently wants to dispense . 
  the status quo is n't maintained if there are 800,000 more people every year who wo n't get jobs . 
  as far as i know germany pays welfare to unemployed people . 
  are all uneducated jobs in germany minimum wage ? 
  right , but it 's disingenuous to imply that their reason for leaving was sharia law , as you did in your post . 
  their reason to leave was that they would be exterminated if they did n't leave . 
  sunni and shia muslims all over the middle east live under sharia law . 
   do you really think you 'll have the same level of leverage on the eu as the us does ? 
  no , that 's why i clearly stated in the post you replied to `` it 's obviously not a parallel for many reasons '' . 
  the point was that it 's possible to have influence in the eu without being a member of the eu . 
   if you are complaining about a different countries policies , while your own country of residence is a lot worse , then yes , you are . 
  what are you talking about you lunatic ?!, 
  you do n't know his thoughts on his own country . 
  you automatically assumed he is in favour of his own country 's policies . 
  you do n't know if he condemns both . 
  he has n't said his thoughts on his own countries policies ; because that 's not the topic . 
  ** he 's not a government delegate . 
  nobody on / r/europe is . 
  separate the argument from the man . 
  they ran away because of violence , not necessarily some ideological disagreement - else they would n't be ` refugees ' , would they ? 
   and if he is rich and hence probably educated , why do n't you want him here rich in syria = / rich in western europe . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he 's allowed to have opinions on things even if his government reacts oppositely !, 
  do you assume every poster on / r/europe to be a delegate sent from their country 's government ? 
  he 's not in a glass house , and he 's not throwing stones . 
  companies would simply not employ people they otherwise would have in that case . 
  no , but wages above minimum wage can still go down . 
  he can just say he 's from syria . 
  they 're not going to be processing all the hundreds of thousands of refugees ' documents any time soon . 
  because it 's a situation similar to iraq - and look how they 've stabilised !,
