  correct , but the fact that it was proposed , and the ( almost ) fact that greece is n't fixed but just kicked down the road a few years , means that it very well may affect the uk if we vote to stay . 
  you 're right of course . 
  they should n't be above the law in any way . 
  who knows what the solution is . 
  interesting times , anyway . 
  if you 've acknowledged that they are refugee ( ie in danger in their home country ) , you ca n't deport them to their home country . 
   you are in munich train station . 
  a guy speaking only arabic comes out of the train . 
  obviously , he does n't have any visa . 
  how do you know if his family was killed during an air bombing on alep or if he is a liar from jordan ? 
  answer : you ca n't until he went through the whole paperwork and investigation process . 
  you do n't let him get to munich train station . 
  you process his asylum request at a border state . 
  if you 're in munich train station , you 're not `` running for your life '' and have n't been for quite a fwe miles . 
   my point is that by promoting a full scale illegal immigrants witch hunt is going to hurt people who actually are legitimate refugees . 
  again , nobody is conflating illegal immigrants with refugees but yourself . 
  proper border controls ( which you 'd undoubtedly have a problem with ) would stop illegal immigration without necessarily stopping asylum seekers from seeking asylum . 
  i do n't know what point you 're trying to make . 
  nobody here is conflating illegal immigrants with refugees but yourself . 
  you can have refugee applicants without opening your borders to illegal immigrants . 
  not really , because refugees are literally not illegal immigrants of they 're actually refugees . 
  scotland definitely is n't in a better place economically than the uk . 
  it was debate able how they 'd fund things during the last referendum - now that oils worth nothing there 's not much to be said . 
  my point was as you say that scotland is quite left leaning . 
  semantics but yeah , i probably do . 
  difference being iraq is n't a country and does n't have anything resembling the national identity that other states have . 
  if scotland got independence it would be anything but the death of the tories . 
  there 's a difference between a book deal and the sort of corruption there is in the east . 
  corruption is illegal in the west , you know - and lobbying is n't corruption . 
  replace ` me ' with ` them ' , i think . 
  whatever floats their boats . 
  either way the animal dies , which is what everyone seems to care about . 
  strikes without boots on the ground , especially in the middle east , are generally not a good way to * not * kill civilians . 
   it is a temporary suspension of open borders to help deal with a crisis . 
  that 's assuming the crisis will be temporary . 
  are you fine with the inevitable civilian deaths ? 
  isis control cities . 
  you ca n't just bomb a whole city that 's been taken by isis . 
  the economy is the likely answer . 
  the crash of oil has killed any chance of another referendum until it goes back up . 
  even if some of the public want it for that reason , there 's no way it 'll happen . 
  they 'll be appeased with leaving as a preventative measure for further immigration . 
   it 's not to keep out , it 's to better register and control without off-loading all the work to local police in the destination city . 
  which is exactly what hungary was trying to do . 
  a representative of the uk government , as you no doubt assumed . 
  \\  get involved in conflicts because you need to show how big your country 's dick is , even if it 's better to sit it out, 
  the spanish government do n't control the spanish fa . 
  if barca left la liga the whole league would struggle . 
  it 's in nobody 's interest . 
   m they must adopt your definition of ` relevant ' i meant relevant to the general public and the next election . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
   `` it 's bollocks that the rest of the eu thinks we should get with the program , we have our ideas and we 'll keep them even in the minority . '', 
  you ca n't force people to change their opinions , yes . 
   `` labour needs to get with the program , britain has shifted to the right and they ca n't elect a crazy red like corbyn . '', 
  that 's advice if they want to be relevant . 
  nobody is forcing labour supporters to do anything . 
   get a permanent tan could just get it topped up at a salon in germany with that much welfare !, 
   there 's no way that germany can force anyone to do anything their position as de facto leader of the eu gives them no sway over other nations , as seen in the greece crisis a few months ago . 
  because people love to say anyone with an opinion different to theirs is part of a fascist brigade to dismiss their opinions . 
   does anyone else have this problem or am i special ? 
  i think you 're special . 
  use your own country 's version of the sites . 
  they are . 
  it 's always cheaper to get shit from china . 
  was going to say the same . 
  i have n't had any of the problems of the op . 
  mods do n't know if there 's brigading anymore than we do . 
  he 's not questioning the reason for it , he 's questioning how the government did it - and whether that 's good or not . 
   cool story bro are you 14 ? 
  `` other people so petty ad hominem so i will too ! '', 
  he expressed an opinion . 
  he was n't attacking me or you or the queen . 
  chill out . 
  de facto being the key word . 
  you do n't know if he condemns his own countries actions because he did n't say . 
  he did n't say because it 's completely irrelevant , as the topic is the uk , not his country . 
  stop assuming people are official delegates of their country 's government based on their flair . 
  does every post have to start with an explanation of a users thoughts on his own country 's policy before stating an opinion on someone else 's ? 
  you 're a maniac . 
  separate the argument from the man . 
  stop being so silly . 
   you do n't get to act morally superior to another country when your own country has a much worst record on the subject . 
  what are you talking about you maniac ? 
  citizens of a country are n't official representatives . 
  they can dislike aspects of their own governments . 
  this is one of the most blatant ad hominem attacks i think i 've seen . 
  separate the commenter from the crest . 
  your geographical location does n't invalidate your opinions . 
  external interference in civil wars , especially in the middle east , is always quickly resolved . 
  i think there were more options than `` say nothing '' and `` open the floodgates '' . 
  he 's not allowed to comment on other countries because of the actions of his government ? 
  is a north korean allowed to think gun crime in the us is a problem ? 
  is someone in saudi arabia allowed to think the gang crime in mexico is a problem ? 
   so rich people are allowed into the eu simply because they are rich , but poor people no ? 
  err , yes . 
  the same way rich people are allowed in nice hotels , and poor people are n't . 
  that 's an invitation as far as they 're concerned . 
  selling citizenship for a high price is a bit different to giving it away to literally anyone . 
  before the west interviewed , there was no war in the middle east ? 
  oh but surely the sykes picot agreement caused the war .
