  germany would require a constitutional change to make the process of adding territory to the eu easier ? 
  that 's not how what works ? 
  is it possible that the way ` it ' works can change ? 
  if so , then the point still stands . 
  where does europe start and end ? 
  eu borders ? 
  these can change with a few decisions in the european parliament making it completely legal for german troops to be stationed somewhere they previously were n't allowed - including sovereign nations . 
  as it stands , the rules are pretty solidly defined . 
  your last paragraph is spot on . 
  a large amount of people here seem so desperate for their country to be ` relevant ' on the world stage . 
  it 's like they 've spent too much time on internet forums being spoken down to by equally nationalistic americans . 
  self determination is n't that important to certain eu member states . 
  we get more for what we pay ? 
  so arms manufacturers will get less for what they make ? 
  and how exactly would that not lead to loss of jobs ? 
  then loopholes become easy to find and the constitution is rendered useless . 
  everything you use will be invested in by a big bank in some way , because thats what big banks do and thats why they 're big . 
   the governments should really start to take care of that wealth gap problem . 
  the wealth gap is exacerbated by mass immigration of unskilled workers . 
  it 's ridiculous to want to lessen immigration because that would mean abandoning schengen ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  surely the idea that we ca n't get rid of immigration because we want to maintain schengen ( like it 's some sort of infallible doctrine ) is more ridiculous ? 
  you say that sarcastically but people do want that . 
   my first guess would be because non-whites have a hard time getting in to any of a handful of posh schools for stuck up kids of nobility and business tycoons . 
  the top schools in the country have plenty of non-white students . 
  this is n't the 1870s . 
  besides , private schools discriminate based on money , not race . 
  you ca n't protect against it , but you can choose to not willingly invite it . 
   we are told to blame foreigners and other poor people instead of the real issues very middle class perspective on the issue . 
  mass immigration does compress wages at the bottom for low skilled workers . 
  that might not be a real issue for you , as it makes your services cheaper , but it 's definitely an issue for them . 
   the government know it has a net benefit to our economy but it 's politically difficult to speak about the benefits . 
  net benefit , where the worst off in society lose out to those higher up . 
  i wonder why it 's politically difficult to speak about these ` benefits ' . 
   it has been a moderating influence a glance at the uk political landscape these days says otherwise . 
  the eu has been a catalyst for the rise of right parties . 
  so do light bulbs . 
  it 's not pedantic . 
  if it did exist it would n't mean what people use it think it means . 
  completely . 
  a glance through history shows that there have been many more kings/emperors/absolute leaders who did n't lose themselves to corruption than those who did . 
  no , just that their comedy is n't a result of the terrorist attacks and should n't be seen in that context ( as it always seems to be on here ) . 
  they did this sort of shit before and will continue to do so . 
  they 're a satirical magazine , it 's what they do . 
  they 're not doing this because they were victims of attacks , their content and humour was the same beforehand . 
   because if he did he would n't of supported the rebels in the first place bit revisionist . 
  at the time , it was assad vs rebels who wanted democracy . 
  with all the international pressure , did you expect any western leader to back the oppressive dictator ? 
  the state of saudi arabia does n't support isis . 
  members of the house of saud are suspected to . 
   to share resources between the countries so not one country could hoard all the resources for another large scale war between those countries . 
  simply untrue , what on earth lead you to believe this ? 
  peace came from nato , not the eu . 
  i guess we should credit global warming to the eu too whilst we 're at it , as they both happened over the last 50 years . 
   this bullshit of making immigrants 2nd class citizens is xenophobia put to law . 
   the government of a country 's obligation is first and foremost to the citizens of that country . 
  even aside from immigration and all this eu lark , i 'm glad our government puts british people above all others . 
  it would be absurd any other way . 
   i have developed a general , non personal , hatred for england . 
  i hate in a way only those that loved can hate . 
  i hope they get thrown out of the union . 
  and i hope their economy tanks . 
  and i hope they starve . 
  interesting statements from someone so apparently disgusted by xenophobia . 
  `` be tolerant or starve '' is n't very tolerant , is it ? 
  was n't going to say that because it 'd ruffle a lot of feathers , but i agree completely . 
  no doubt , but their genes and their culture are two very different things . 
   scotland ; one day mate , one day . 
  we 'll welcome you with open arms . 
  this perception that scotland is somehow nordic is really weird, 
   uk receive a lot of european skilled workers . 
  of course . 
  they 'd be undoubtedly allowed to still apply normally . 
   are you so sure of that ? 
  yes , obviously . 
  whatever job it is does need doing by somebody - otherwise it would n't be a job . 
  if nobody applied , they 'd raise the wage . 
  that 's exactly part of it . 
  if immigration was n't an option , those jobs would receive higher pay and british people supposedly would want to do them . 
  there are obviously pros and cons , but the pros are generally felt more higher up in society when it comes to immigration of low skilled workers - and the cons felt in lower society . 
  moderating voice . 
  if all the big boys are pulling in the same direction there 's going to be less discussion and critique of the direction than there could otherwise be with a big member constantly criticising and being awkward . 
  the economy definitely benefits - but the people doing these low wages jobs have more job competition , lower wages etc - so they do n't really benefit . 
  it makes the poor poorer . 
   saudi started oil price war nobody starts a ` price war ' , a price war is the natural state for countries/companies to be in, 
   do you think it 's more than they would have achieved through peaceful democratic means , more than they deserved basically ? 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say either side ` deserved ' anything . 
  the aim at the end was a peaceful solution and that 's what was found . 
  i doubt a political solution would 've been sought so soon by the government had the ira not done what they did , as shit as it sounds . 
  all speculation though really is n't it . 
  the ira achieved a fair bit . 
  so because he has german flair he is an official delegate from berlin and his views are those of the ruling party ? 
  should n't it be that wealthy people immigrating is good for economic growth then , not ` cultural diversity ' ? 
   what 's certain is that we want isis destroyed . 
  not just hurt , but obliterated . 
  as we did al qaeda , the taliban and saddam before them . 
  some strange leaps of logic there . 
  laws making something secular is exactly the thing to stop religions ( of which islam is one ) being in education . 
  nonono , click the link . 
  there have been dozens .
