  it 's like a member of ukip being accused of hating black people , and responding `` oh yes , i want all black people to die please '' in a sarcastic tone . 
  it 's ill-advised and completely inappropriate , but he 's not fucking promoting genocide . 
  please please please read the tweet my friend . 
  let me reiterate - it was a completely sarcastic tweet . 
  you know when sjws seem to find outrage in things and blow them out of proportion ? 
  that 's what you 're doing . 
  this is the outrage searching that we always accuse sjws of . 
  read the tweet . 
  it 's painfully obvious that she 's joking . 
  being sarcastic . 
  also , people have joked about genocide before , you know . 
   this lunatic should be behind bars in a mental institution . 
  what is wrong with this subreddit ? 
  she 's a sjw and a moron . 
  she 's not insane and she definitely does n't deserve to be locked up . 
  it was clearly a joke . 
  goldsmiths is a public university . 
  edit : this subreddit is a fucking mess . 
  read the tweet before commenting on it . 
  you hate sjws because they get outraged by anything and are n't rational yet you genuinely believe ( either because you 've only read headlines , or because you 're a moron ) she is promoting genocide ? 
  no , they 're both ours . 
  again i 'm not really sure as the vast majority of comments are commenters critical of the uk . 
  let 's be real thought there are more 16 year old idiots than 25 year old idiots . 
  you need the arbitrary cutoff point somewhere , and 18 seems to work . 
  why not lower it to 14 then ? 
  ukip have taken massive votes off labour and lib dems , who are both pro-eu parties - moving to an anti-eu party in the last 5 years . 
  polls say a lot of things but voting patters say a lot more . 
  blatant and shameless gerrymandering . 
  the uk does n't have trade deals with all those friends though , as a result of eu policy . 
  if we were to leave and negotiate a solid trade agreement with the rest of the eu , we could open doors to chinese and indian trade far more easily whilst maintaining the european connection . 
   why do you think they are already going to propose the referendum straight after the queens speech ? 
  cameron is going to walk a very fine line between hurrying up and getting the referendum out of the way and actually get some renegotiation deals to lure in the undecided voters to the stay-in-eu side . 
  i think the hastiness is more because the anti-eu trend has grown in the last 5 years and looks to continue . 
  the sooner the referendum happens the less time farage has to inevitably grow his party . 
  most submissions and here are from people with non-gb flairs . 
  one might speculate that non-gb 's like to post stories about gb so they can have a little tug amongst themselves . 
   maybe you do . 
  i do n't . 
  i have a constitutional right to my own likeness , thanks very much . 
  which country are you from where video recording or taking pictures in public is illegal without consent ? 
  it 's the norm in the vast majority of the world , and always has been . 
   i 'm not suggesting we adopt more human rights conventions , just that we up the court 's budget so that it can deal more efficiently with the cases before it . 
  ah fair enough . 
  are you implying that the eu commission/eu parliament is n't lobbied ? 
  did you hear about the ttip thing ? 
  that conclusion does n't follow from what you 're saying . 
  because the human rights court is being used does n't mean we do n't have adequate human rights laws . 
  that 's like saying that because our national courts are being used , we need more laws . 
  the vast majority of cctv is private - and you forgo the right to not be filmed when you enter public so it 's not an issue at all . 
   id cards are authoritarian ? 
  yes . 
  fair enough . 
  i misinterpreted it as criticism and i 'm sure the downvoters probably thought the same . 
  i do n't think the idea of propaganda is to paint an equal and fair picture of the situation . 
   loan to paid back in a similar fashion to how student loans are paid back currently so for a large amount not at all ? 
  yes , and if it 's good content it will get upvoted . 
  down voting based on subject matter is shitty . 
  thats helpful . 
  the ` hide ' button does the same job without affecting others , you know . 
  in principle most are just not very good are they ? 
  i think it would be fine if they just had titles and the like but the legislation in their favour is archaic and discriminatory - regardless of it 's significance . 
  federation or abolition would be silly . 
  why throw away all benefits when people still want them ? 
  so the eu are elites too ? 
  what does it all mean ? 
  you two could do this review thing for them !, 
  the fact that they 're the first to start a review is n't news at all - as they 'll all be having review regardless of whether they announce it or not . 
  yes , but what exactly do you expect ? 
  global financial institutions to not consider their options in the event of a brexit ? 
  this is non news . 
  technically is . 
  yeah a lot of people are in favour of that . 
  potentially cruel but would save lives . 
  i 'm amazed nobody thought of that before !, 
  they 've not got passports or id . 
  short of just dragging them to some port in a foreign country ( that 'll go down well with said country ) , what are you going to do ? 
  as soon as they 're in european waters they 're subject to european human rights laws . 
  he did , and there 's a very good chance they would . 
  how would that ever come about ? 
  do they keep/track ballots ? 
  chances are he did though . 
  or voted for someone else so he can do this little act . 
  dappy too . 
  wow, 
  this is what i though it was too . 
  state schools have catchment areas and the like which means the school is available to only a certain county/town . 
   about 20 % of teachers are just there to cash a cheque but most of them know they 're subject and give a shit . 
  i wonder camp group your english teacher fell in . 
  went to france and found both a well mannered and clean person . 
  they were german but it was still a nice surprise . 
  has anyone consistently not ? 
  china and brazil take notes !, 
  last year they under predicted gdp growth twice iirc . 
  getting it spot on is n't something that should be expected of anyone . 
  proving the point he 's trying to make . 
  smart man . 
  not even that - more just that the free market dictates prices in the uk so with lots of people wanting tickets clubs charge more as they 're companies running for profit ( besides city and qpr ) . 
  as you say , in germany fans own the clubs so can resist ticket rises despite increasing demand . 
  yeah i meant supply and demand is the reason pl tickets are that price . 
  german clubs obviously do very well to combat that with the fan ownership and it 's a model which should be aspired to .
