   but the us has n't had a terrorist attack since 9/11 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_the_united_states do you remember the boston bombings , even ? 
  i doubt the millions displaced by isis in syria have anything to do with france government and assad 's relationship . 
  germany and sweden have both expressed in plain terms that they want to take said refugees . 
  should the uk and us disallow them ? 
  or just make it a competition to take more ? 
   suddenly not so willing anymore when it comes to cleaning up the mess they created . 
  how should the mess be cleaned up , exactly ? 
  because when the west intervenes in middle eastern conflicts , people cry that they should n't get involved . 
  now that we 're less involved , you 're crying that it 's the west 's fault and that they should be more involved . 
   suddenly not so willing anymore when it comes to cleaning up the mess they created . 
  how should the mess be cleaned up , exactly ? 
  because when the west intervenes in middle eastern conflicts , people cry that they should n't get involved . 
  now that we 're less involved , you 're crying that it 's the west 's fault and that they should be more involved . 
  he had publications which were pro and anti brexit . 
  why does this make him pro brexit ? 
  if this government allows free movement the next will get rid . 
  that 's what the public wants and effectively voted for . 
  ignoring them is what got us brexit in the first place . 
  was talking about the calais gang , not the french . 
  but we are still in the eu . 
  you might not have noticed but you actually did insult him first . 
  of course it does . 
  just because you disagree with a law does n't mean it should no longer apply to you , does it ? 
  until farage pops up and says something along the lines of `` they ignored your votes '' , and wins a majority at the next general election . 
  it 's almost as if you people do n't want to learn from brexit . 
  you ca n't ignore a majority of your population and hope the issue goes away !, 
  his entire political lifes goal has been to have a referendum on eu membership . 
  he took ukip from being a non entity to the third largest party in the country , got his referendum - and won !, 
  now because he 's resigned he 's a coward ? 
  if he had n't resigned , you 'd all be yelling `` why is he even still here lol attention seeker '' . 
  but they 're doctors and engineers if we have a points based system , not welfare shoppers from france who do n't have any interest in integrating . 
  theoretically yes . 
  no because parliament can then overrule itself and say it 's not legally binding . 
  you seem to be misunderstanding me . 
  i did n't state my personal views on what the uk should do . 
  and even then you seem to be misinterpreting my comment . 
  i do n't state anywhere that the uk expects the benefits of the eea and no freedom of movement , i fully expect the uk to leave the eea because of freedom of movement . 
  the treaties that predate the eu will be scrapped ? 
  has anyone said or even implied anything of the sort ? 
  no i can tell you , it really is . 
  the brexit minister has said that there will be no freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement was one of the massive reasons for brexit in the first place . 
  if we end up in the eea with freedom of movement there 'll be political chaos if the brexiters play it right . 
  ukip majority sort of territory . 
  they got 15 % of the vote last time , even when cameron promised a referendum . 
  imagine their numbers if we have a referendum and the result was ignored !, 
  why would the border become closed ? 
  it 's been open far longer than the eu told us to . 
  so many things . 
  the brexit leaders did n't all run away from leadership . 
  boris was dispatched by gove , that 's all . 
  the chance of northern ireland leaving is slim to none . 
  the chance of them joining roi is 0 . 
  hunt has said in plain terms that we wo n't have freedom of movement - and it 's clear the british public are against freedom of movement . 
  therefore staying in the eea is far less likely than he portrays it as . 
  most of all , the new government have all said that article 50 will be invoked . 
  to take away from the current situation that there 's a 15 % chance of that is ridiculous . 
  leaving the uk would hurt scotland far more than the uk leaving the eu would . 
  but unfortunately for the rest of the eu you 're in a bloody currency union with them !, 
  if we leave the eu , we 'll be leaving the eea . 
  there 's no way the eu will compromise on freedom of movement , and there 's no way the british public will either . 
  someone link the survey that showed most people with zero hours contracts wanted to be on zero hours contracts and otherwise would be unemployed . 
  look how labour are polling . 
  the tories won a majority last election . 
  the tories are further right than labour . 
  labour moving further to the left is n't going to eat away at the tory majority . 
  they were murdered by a fascist for not being fascist . 
  twisting it around to paint the leave campaign in a bad light is a nasty dirty move - but much of the remain press did it anyway . 
  the membership of labour should realize the voting public does n't agree with them , and a split off would be the end of the ` left ' they desire being anywhere near government . 
  and people who wanted to remain did n't stop taking about that . 
  hence politicization . 
  not if they remain pro immigration they wo n't . 
  also , the majority of the country just voted in a conservative majority . 
  why do people still think there 's a vast swathe of untapped lefties ? 
  that 's because they lost all the pro brexit voters to ukip . 
  and they wo n't win an election with their current base , so pandering to them and them alone wo n't do much . 
  no , i mean london has 400,000 financial services workers . 
  paris has 2,000,000 workers . 
  they ca n't all move to paris or frankfurt . 
  no , nobody asked him about it because he was n't an official ` vote leave ' campaigner , nor is he in charge of how the government plans to spend its money . 
  he never claimed it would all be spent on the nhs , he was n't going to be in power - how could he ? 
  he has no say on the matter . 
  any time he 's talked about the number he 's usually mentioned the rebate . 
  because nobody knows what 's going to happen !, 
  we want to be independent . 
  then we 'll see how things go during renegotiation . 
  i do n't know , but they planned 10 % of their economy on the price of oil as it was . 
  then that crashed ( and has remained low ) , so unless they 've found more money under the sofa they 're going to be in trouble . 
  if the tories just decided this on their own , there 'd be riots regardless of result . 
  the public wanted to decide this . 
   can you show me one such debate that is n't wishful `` what if '' thinking ? 
  sums up both sides of the debate though . 
  not sure leaflets on their website have been their main campaign front . 
  yeah that 's what i say about labour voters . 
  or tory voters . 
  or whoever else i do n't want to accept won votes . 
   check out who was voting mostly for `` leave '' and try to guess who will get fucked over the most over it . 
  the elderly ? 
  who will get fucked over most by it ? 
  british holiday makers ?
