  unless assad starts to take syria back ( which will cause civilian deaths , press hounding , western leaders condemning etc. 
  ) , it 's basically iraq now . 
  he is n't allowed an opinion because his government did something . 
  cool . 
   so you 'd just be a second class eu country , having to follow their laws but having no influence in their creation . 
  not being in the eu does n't mean you ca n't exert influence over it . 
  it 's obviously not a parallel for many reasons , but take the us ' relationship with the eu , for example . 
  that # 50m is n't a cost to anyone though . 
  it 's not `` ooh they can afford to throw away this much money blah blah '' - it 's a solid investment for city and a solid profit for wolfsburg . 
   our society can cary the costs easily what costs ? 
  / r/europe keeps telling me that they bring wealth and nothing else . 
  a million is probably exaggerated , but after the rotherham scandal it 's not exactly conspiritard territory . 
  and my kettle cost # 20 . 
  what relevance does that have ? 
  attack the argument etc. . . 
  not even close ,, 
  debatable really . 
  iraq alone outweighs every disabled pensioner cameron has personally strangled . 
  i 'd take living in romania over risking that . 
  that was because the pictures of mohammed were offensive to muslims , some of whom make up their readership . 
  the same way they would n't print a picture of jesus with a dildo up his arse or something . 
  germany asks for site to be blocked , site gets blocked . 
   it does not get blocked by germany . 
  telling him he 's hitler is no doubt going to help him out . 
   and i did n't dismiss his argument , i just commented on it . 
  you implied his viewpoints were akin to those of someone who committed mass genocide . 
  i do n't know about your opinion of hitler but i think that 's a solid way of saying that their points have no legitimacy/worth . 
  probably more to do with economics , no ? 
  way to dismiss his argument without addressing it . 
  this ` negligent impact ' is only negligent if you 're not on low wages . 
  5 quid a week is a lot for people on minimum wage . 
  the money comes from the middle class ( who are forced to pay more now that cheap labour has been removed ) and goes into the cleaners/constructors/carer 's pockets . 
  i am . 
  on the other hand , forcing families to pay more means that wages are going to go up . 
  which is odd because the pro immigration crowd usually claim that they do n't cause wages to lower . 
  dogfights are as much about the pilots as they are the hardware . 
  the indian pilots will know their planes throughly after hundreds of hours , whereas the f-35 is brand new . 
  good job he was killed as an infant then . 
  the point is that lotr predates it . 
  there 's nothing interesting about that . 
  joint top with bloody . 
  rarely hear ` rain ' not preceded by ` bloody ' . 
  nah , they were dead in the water . 
  what they sold to windows was the name . 
   and instead sold it to microsoft to use with windows is responsible for that . 
  they sold to microsoft long after they 'd fucked their share of the market . 
  there is no way of accurately measuring it , no . 
  it 's a function of the society we live in i guess . 
  societal attitudes change and so can badness . 
  that 's a very nuanced and unpopular viewpoint that i 'm sure you have trouble expressing around here . 
   lower wages cause lower social mobility , in case you are not aware on how this society works . 
  ok i 'm trying not to be rude but can you actually comprehend what i 'm typing ? 
  nobody is getting lower wages . 
  why are you talking about lower wages ? 
   any money saved in regulation will go in the profit account , not on the workers wages interesting . 
  so you think companies think that hiring workers is n't a valuable use of their resources ? 
  seems strange that companies hire workers whatsoever then , does n't it ? 
  fire them all and all that money goes into ` the profit account ' !, 
  do you think profits have no affect on hiring policy ? 
  i want to know what world you 're living on . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  can you read english ? 
  this thread is n't about social mobility . 
  i 'm not even expressing my own opinion on what i 'm saying . 
  please try and seperate the argument from the man . 
  are you following the thread ? 
  workers are cheaper because the company spends less on regulation , not less on wages . 
  that 's literally what i 'm talking about . 
  nowhere did i mention wages . 
  please read an argument before picking out little words . 
  yeah i 'm learning . 
  even the posts where i explicitly state that i 've not expressed an opinion either way on deregulation , i 'm being downvoted to shit . 
  baffling really . 
  i think you might 've spent too much time on / r/europe if you take it that seriously . 
  it 's completely pointless . 
  you 've spouted nonsense . 
  sounds like you were just dying to shoehorn that book knowledge in . 
  he 's literally talking about the continent . 
  geography . 
  it 's a jokey avoid the question response and nothing more . 
  he was jokingly using that as an example of generalisations which the post before had used on him without reason . 
  i get he 's russian and they 're not in vogue around here but cmon people . 
  how is the reasoning abitrary ? 
  even if it is , why does that devalue the reasoning to the point of dismissal ? 
  i think killing someone because of their skin colour or ethnicity is worse than killing someone for personal gain . 
  most judicial systems in the world agree ( hate crime , race crime ) . 
   stalin 's or hitler 's personal feelings are irrelevant here - for all we know , stalin actually could also hate poles ( stalin-led army was decisively defeated in southern poland during the soviet invasion of poland in 1920 ) . 
  but the comment chain is specifically about stalin and hitler 's personal feelings . 
  they 're all that is relevent . 
  i 'm sorry that i feel ethnic hatred mixed with brutal rule is worse than brutal rule alone . 
  apparently hitler and stalin were somehow exactly equally bad people according to people here . 
  i did n't say that it was any better for the victims . 
  we 're talking about motives . 
  i 'd love for you to point a logical flaw in anything i 've said . 
   hitler wanted to kill jews because he thought they were a threat to germany ( remember the dagger stab theory ) . 
  he also saw them as an inferior race . 
  along with blacks , gypsies , disabled people etc. 
   you think you can isolate yourself from your own origin , while commenting on the countries of other people - from the country that commited the most genocides ? 
  that is a fascinating case of historical narcissism . 
  let 's break this one down .
