  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_koeg55vewu ) [ ( when it 's `` news '' that a student refuses to do the pledge , i think it 's fair to say it 's relatively ` mandatory ' anyway . 
  ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ft9iyemuxbs ), 
  how do you base an economic plan around tax evasion ? 
  by definition is n't that something that is n't going to be taxed , and therefore wo n't contribute to the economy ? 
  i do n't think there 's enough money in selling houses to tax evaders to drive growth . 
  so national guard = state trooper ? 
  i 've only been following this from a distance and i 'm obviously not well versed in us policing . 
  that 's not what he was saying . 
  he 's drawing parallels between the repetition of nationalistic stuff that you find in both countries . 
  it 's almost a valid point , when little kids do the pledge of allegiance in school , and you sing the national anthem at every sports event . 
  it 's a bit weird from an outside perspective . 
  the national guard have been deployed . 
  are n't they federal officers , not state ? 
   the budget of the eu is literally all that decides how much money one country gets or gives to the rest of the eu counties . 
  top interpretation . 
  oh right , you meant the uk is a moocher because it has an economic plan that 's working . 
  would it be less moochy to join the rest of europe in deeper austerity and lack of growth ? 
   protect the eu market from the biggest moocher inside it . 
  [ top analysis . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients ), 
   p.s. 
  : is n't it an irony that the britian has become one of the most eurosceptic countries also europe has been more and more adapting the english language and culture over the last 100 years and will probably continue to do so ? 
  no , that 's not ironic . 
  [ the technology is being implemented now . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-27599373 ), 
   the reason why the uk became so eurosceptic is mainly :  1 ) uk media where mostly giving 89 % of the space to farage and it 's racist pranks & comments , not to all the other candidates horse-shit . 
   2 ) you ca n't have an informed public when 80 % of what you got on main tv stations across countries is not debate so point 1 again . 
   3 ) there was not 1 medium across all eu that managed to be a decent public or private media to inform citizens about the importance of these elections again , that 's horse shit . 
  the ep elections recieved more coverage in uk media than the local elections did in 2012 - including repeated and extensive explanations of what exactly they are and why they matter . 
  the first three points so far have been ` the media ' . 
   4 ) in some countries the usual 2 party system got destroyed or is in the process to be destroyed , this neither is something that main political groups are aware of , because after years of austerity , banks bailout , and the implementation on privatizations and welfare cuts all over the place , not one political group or party is aware of the wave that is coming , one that will swype out for a long time the particracy , it 's time to invade parliaments , not only the streets . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  / r/conspiracy stuff here . 
  the reason the uk are largely euro skeptic is because our massive service sector and the city rely on the free market - something that further integration in the eu would likely dissolve . 
  i do n't see what relevance that has to anything either of us said . 
   there have been more terrorist attacks by pure christian gouts in the us than muslim-led terrorist attacks . 
  there have been more terrorist attacks by kids with greasy hair and acne in the us than muslim-led terrorist attacks too . 
  difference is that neither group ( christians or greasy teenagers ) , have managed to destroy 3 skyscrapers in new york , fly a plane into the pentagon or kill 3000 people all in one morning . 
  let 's do it op !, 
  i 'd definitely chip in a half eaten banana or two . 
  that definition supports my point . 
  you 're not ` causing your own misfortune ' if you think it 's fortunate to do sanctions . 
  you completely misunderstand what ` shooting oneself in the foot ' means then . 
  you do n't do it deliberately . 
  what you say here :  it also does n't mean that what we wanted to happen has n't happened , just that it harms ourselves too . 
  is completely wrong . 
  shooting yourself in the foot is putting yourself at a disadvantage relative to your goal/enemy . 
  * if you 've got a plan ( sanctions on russia hurting them more than us ) , and that plan goes awry ( us getting hurt more than russia ) , then you 've shot yourself in the foot . 
  * if you 've got a plan ( sanctions on russia hurting them more than us ) , and the plan goes perfectly - you 've not shot yourself in the foot whatsoever . 
  you 've executed your plan . 
  i do n't understand what 's to miss here . 
  genuinely . 
  i do n't want to pull the whole `` english is n't your first language '' shit but the number of people who completely miss the point despite me explaining in more length than i would an english essay , has left me no other explanation for it . 
   military power meaningless as the eu does n't have a unified foreign policy . 
   how experienced is the military ? 
  * again , the eu does n't have a ` military ' . 
  * military experience is a reflection of a country 's foreign policy - not their power . 
  * measuring military experience by casualties is silly . 
  * the number of enemies killed , again , has more to do with a country 's foreign policy than their ` power ' . 
   human capital * chart is painful to read/interpret meaningfully . 
  should include percentage of citizens with uni degree instead of percentage of world population with uni degree . 
  again , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i wish people would take a second to read . 
  i keep acknowledging that even by ` shooting ourselves in the foot ' we 're still hurting russia . 
  what 's implied by ` shooting ourselves in the foot ' is that we hurt ourselves more than russia , as we intended to hurt russia more than ourselves . 
  i keep repeating the same arguments to multiple people just for them to completely miss the point of what i 'm trying to articulate . 
  everything i could say to explain why the response is nonsense has been said . 
  i 've explained it in about 1000 words in this thread . 
   and what linkevi\u010dius is saying that we intentionally shot ourselfs in the foot , because russia got hurt more . 
  so what exactly is the problem ? 
  if we intentionally hurt ourselves to hurt russia more - we would n't be ` shooting ourselves in the foot ' whatsoever . 
  we 'd be doing exactly what we wanted to do . 
  orban is saying that what we wanted to happen ( russia gets hurt more than us ) , has n't happened . 
  that 's what shooting ourselves in the foot is referring to . 
  ( unless orban does n't understand how to use the phrase either . ), 
  i 'm not commenting whether orban is wrong or not or whatever he does in his own time . 
  it really has no consequence to what i 'm saying . 
  i 've explained fully and repeatedly why the guy 's response does n't make sense logically . 
  the only reason i 've even bothered is because so many people have replied to me , telling me i 'm wrong whilst missing the point i 'm making entirely . 
   russia is weaker from sanctions , and you just do n't get it after so many explanations . 
  i completely understand russia is weaker from sanctions - that 's what sanctions do . 
  i 've stated that over and over . 
  shooting yourself in the foot means what you intended to do to someone else , happened to you instead . 
  apply this to the idea that we wanted to implement sanctions to hurt russia more than ourselves . 
  if we shot ourselves in the foot - we 've hurt ourselves more than russia ; putting russia in a better position relative to ` us ' than they were before . 
  i really do n't know why i 've wasted so much time trying to properly articulate this . 
   i assumed you were trolling for the sake of it . 
  i was trying to give you the benefit of the doubt . 
  i was n't trying to insult you . 
  i should have worded that better . 
  it 's ok mate , nobody 's going to tell you off for insulting people on the internet . 
  just thought it was interesting that the only two people who 've resorted to insults in this thread have usa flair . 
  completely accidental mate . 
  funny how it 's always the yanks that go for insults . 
   my experience here , combined with recent russian political pressures , has persuaded me i 'd be happy to see a united states of europe . 
  why has your experience in germany persuaded you ? 
  in a united europe , everywhere wo n't become like germany . 
  ehh the background looks distinctively irish . 
  [ looks like france , right ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/ojbhpjd ) that 's actually a london sewer .
