   if they 're foreigners , why not deport such people instead ? 
  because they 're probably not . 
  again : when nobody is discussing the non-russia threads , what 's the point ? 
   are you trying to say putin is justified in his actions ? 
  you asked for reasons and i stated them . 
  i did n't say it was right/wrong . 
  it might help you to re-read the conversation if you ca n't follow . 
   why does russia need to take over ukraine ? 
  ukraine is a consumer of their gas . 
  they had a comfy trade deal with the old ukrainian government . 
  the new one is pro-eu , so they would n't be able to get those trade deals any more . 
   tell me again why ukraine should be annexed against their will and how any of that is justified versus seizing any other country in europe ? 
  i will . 
  ukraine contains the gas pipelines that run to the rest of europe . 
  they have power over russia 's supply . 
  as an independent nation , russia could bully them into doing what they want with the pipeline without resistance . 
  the new government wanted to join the eu . 
  if that happened , russia would have no control over the pipeline whatsoever . 
  brussels will - and by proxy , washington . 
  when the front page is 22/25 russia , every other story is shelved and generates next to no discussion . 
  might as well just browse a news site if that 's a solution . 
  he does n't need to do that when he can just take ukraine . 
  10/10 on the strawman though . 
  really top critical thinking from the youth of america . 
  ah , grand enemy putin has evil plans to start a potato empire with his new ukrainian land ? 
  or is he securing the gas line that he lost control of earlier in the year ? 
  i guess it 's up in the air . 
  both are evenly possible . 
  i have n't seen other people propose it , because the front page is dominated by russia . 
  the war is about gas . 
  the reason ukraine matters is gas . 
  if we 're going to be facetious little shits and deny obvious implications of what we say : i did n't say you said that . 
  losing gas supply and waging a war is also bad for business . 
  dying for a gas pipeline is n't courageous . 
  you 're not going to get troops deployed by online petition . 
   the eu has plenty of military equipment . 
  sitting around , doing nothing and yet it 's paid for with our money , for `` our security '' . 
  what 's the point of having it if you 're not going to use it ? 
  asking eu for military support is like asking neighbourhood watch for a loan . 
   either we are eu countries united under eu 's flag or not . 
  the eu is n't a military agreement . 
  it 's supposedly a complete protein , so yes - perfectly healthily . 
  you can live healthily on only potato and beans . 
  based on what ? 
  not at all . 
  there are threads full of people denying there might be a problem with ukrainian government - that it 's potentially undemocratic . 
  here 's a couple of examples of threads with `` nobody saying that '' :  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zdvc7/why_is_everyone_so_supportive_of_the_ukrainian/  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/20szda/why_reurope_is_against_russia/ you 've been around / r/europe since this thing started . 
  i do n't believe you genuinely think nobody here thinks/says that . 
  i did . 
  my comment was sarcastic . 
   he emphasized the need to elect new leaders from the war-torn areas of east ukraine in order to represent the region in the new government . 
  that sort of implies that the east is under-represented ; something you 'll be accused of being a putinbot for saying round here . 
  it does n't really matter how the germans `` frame the argument '' , the press over here will frame it their own way . 
  why does it need cleansing ? 
  i keep hearing from / r/europe there 's absolutely nothing wrong with it . 
  that 's nothing to do with the ` sentencing system ' , it 's the criminal justice system and the idea that one is innocent until proven guilty . 
  if an is fighter comes back and is acquitted in court due to lack of evidence , that 's fine by me . 
  i do n't think our sentencing system is a joke when it comes to murderers and terrorists . 
  he 'd be tried on counts of murder , treason and terrorism at least . 
  you 'd be lucky to not see guantanamo for that . 
  rather that than collective punishment !, 
  you could probably name ten french chefs for every gordon ramsey we 've got . 
  make a new account . 
  the death penalty solves fewer problems than it causes . 
  you 've got some strange views , beside that . 
  the government should n't imprison people , because they should n't be allowed to inflict pain - except when torturing people ? 
  then why is this even news ? 
  and i 'm completely against that law too . 
  the home secretary should n't be able to be judge , juror and executioner . 
  we 've got a criminal justice system for trying people based on evidence . 
  punishment for their crimes should be irrespective of current location . 
  if you revoke citizenship for terrorism abroad , you should do the same domestically - right ? 
  human rights law should not be broken . 
  it 's what separates us from groups like is . 
  interestingly that 's the one everyone 's advocating repealing . 
  yes it does . 
  we throw treasoners and mass murderers in jail already . 
  luckily we are n't convicting people for thought crimes yet , so it does n't matter whether you want everyone in the uk dead , or just the people you killed . 
  you could say that about anything . 
  do you want child rapists to be imprisoned and paid for with tax ? 
  what about mass murderers/serial killers ? 
  unless we 're accepting that the islamic state is a nation then they 're still uk citizens . 
  seems like a state run news channel is a bit of an expense . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  of course he is - he 's someone they * know * has gone to iraq to fight . 
  this article is just a way of rehashing the ` london rapper now isis ' article . 
  i 've not heard of similar punishments for murderers/terrorists but i 'll take your word for it . 
  i bet the farmers are delighted . 
  can never tell in / r/europe, 
  would n't they have to join the eu and do a whole lot of other shit ( like defining their borders ) first ? 
  it 's pretty racy but i would n't say it 's the raciest . 
  lots more riots in paris . 
  source ? 
  that explains it . 
  `` creme de la creme '' always got on my tits . 
  seems like a strange law . 
  it does n't have to be mandatory for it to be strange . 
  nobody is forced to sing the national anthem at european football matches either - so nobody does . 
  never mind teaching kids to declare their loyalty to the state however often it is . 
  [ surely you can see how this sort of thing looks a little nk ?
