  correct me if i am wrong , but is n't religion in this case just a pretext for more power ? 
  combining religion with nationalism is a good move to increase your popularity among the masses . 
  you do n't know how painfully accurate is that, 
  \\* nervous laugher of civilians \\*, 
  santa teresa, 
  ... what just happened here is magical and you should take a minute to appreciate it, 
  were n't the elections rigged ? 
  geniale !, 
  the point is that who would ever attack europe atm ? 
  russia is the only possible candidate , but i doubt that putin is that unwise . 
  i am truly sorry for what happened , i remember losing precious pictures too ... it was devastating . 
  i suppose you have reported the crime , so while you wait , if you have time , try going around in the poorest area and see if you can see one of the bags . 
  i am not from milan so i ca n't advise you on that . 
  or hire a private investigator ... 
  i concour , but we , as humans , are usually lazy ... edit : was not stated clear enought that it was an understandable common mistake, 
  it 's a prank bro, 
  siamese surprise o : o, 
  which is the least bad ? 
  im so confused, 
  conchita wurst, 
  are you guys ok ? 
  so i know it looks rundown because i visit them annualy for heck sake people, 
  tbh if that were true for everyone then my church should n't have these eritrean guys who crossed the hecking desert just to get as far as possible from their country . 
  if they were n't closed in containers or killed for praying to another god , yes it would have been absurd . 
  if they did n't die in a war that is not necessary for the country 's survival , yes it would have been absurd . 
  eu regulations stronk, 
  if i see celebrations on the day of his death i wo n't be much surprised tbh, 
  only true men and women bare heat . 
  i 'd like to point out [ that ] ( https://www.opendoorsusa.org/christian-persecution/world-watch-list/eritrea/ ) freedom of religion in eritrea is basically non-existent and most of the youth are obliged to enroll in the military . 
  it 's not a very safe place where to live, 
  same . 
  it 's what brought me to click on it . 
  buzzfeed could start putting fat guys instead of clickbait links imo, 
  maybe the thumbnail is not that captivating, 
  you do n't invade a country in 2016 europe . 
  you have a referendum and let the people who actually live there vote . 
  this should be a new meme , every country posting its rednecks, 
  why ? 
  imo some of these were pretty nice, 
  isnt that ... dirty ? 
  was that a sarcastic comment ? 
  i did n't read iron maiden in the title so for some reason i thought that the finnish pm was a big iron maiden fan, 
  slightly unrelated , but i 'd like to know what r/europe thinks about it . 
  there is a video in the same channel that is on social democracy for the eu ( i assume , because the title is in german ) , but i did not post it since it is all in german . 
  i 've listened to the dutch pronounciation of carthago once on google transalate , and now i ca n't help but read it in my mind with that voice help, 
  *** genfuckingau ***, 
  this, 
  genfuckingau, 
  but we do n't eat snails, 
  half of the italian part of my family ( and the only one i know ) lives there, 
  i go to campania every summer and the suburbs are horrible in my opinion . 
  yes, 
  oh so that 's what the fuss has been all about, 
  wait what, 
  ... / r/evilbuildings, 
  a lot has been going on . 
  a lot of schoolwork . 
  a lot of lost sleep hours . 
  a lot of hours spent procastinating . 
  how about you ? 
  shhh let us dream, 
  shhh let us dream, 
  shhh let us dream, 
  shhh let us dream, 
  / / judges you electronically / /, 
  i might even open the dial app on my phone, 
  i expected more euphoria in this subreddit today but no, 
  like the ethiopian `` indey '' !, 
  help i still do n't, 
  you can tell from the tumor that you have just gotten that this is danish, 
  you are banned from / r/italy, 
  because it 's xxi, 
  darn economic immigrants !, 
  why do i love your language, 
  did i really just read that, 
  ya i 'm just going to learn german because that sounds a lot like german, 
  give this man a honorary italian citizenship, 
  maybe their poor socioeconomic status leads them to behave in this manner . 
  it can be seen as a method they use to cope with their insecurities, 
  care to give a few examples ? 
  it 's not for a friend, 
  well it 's almost as if they 're asking for it, 
  i 've never watched it ... will my eu citizenship be revoked ? 
  i 've never watched it ... will my eu citizenship be revoked ? 
  well it 's almost as if they 're asking for it, 
  nuclear, 
  are n't all dads kind of special ... 
  thanks :'), 
  this is the paart where i die, 
  therapy is advised, 
  we are sooo good at it ... how can we monetize this ? 
  their economic growth is negative ... edit : like this comment ... anyone care to tell me why i am wrong ? 
  norway a racist pit ... ? 
  ... a what ? 
  we 're withdrawing from schengen . 
  is nobody going to talk about north-western ireland ... ? 
  sad . 
  i forcefully ejected air from my nosestrills thanks to your comment . 
  ... what enemies ? 
  the eu 's very definition is to create peace in the continent through mutual economic dependency .
