  i have no ass . 
  hey , they may find a very memeable president like renzi !, 
  exactly , it 's not in immediate danger . 
  but i really hope it 'll be ready for 2030 . 
  i 've set a reminder for that day after i saw the project at the swedish house in washington d.c. . 
  yay far right wing gov / s, 
  well , my skin color is different . 
  but i have been raised up in italy and my family is fully integrated in the society , so i should be at least like italians , right ? 
  i am an introvert , hate football ( or soccer ) , dont drink and blah blah blah . 
  so i have tried to label it as an ethiopian thing and try to mingle with my biological ppl , but that worked out not so well . 
  maybe i am a generic european ? 
  or maybe i 'm simply me . 
  but to satisfy the human need of belonging and categorizing , i just identify as european . 
  wait let me hop in, 
  i hear many people studying saturated degrees ... like dude . 
  but there is also a very serious problem that hurts scientific graduates , and that is recommendation . 
  my science teacher for example studied forestal sciences , but did n't manage to get a position because of this . 
  this !, 
  in middle school , many were the adults saying discouraging stuff regarding uni/lyceum education . 
  as a result , only 7 over 50 students of my year are in a lyceum , while the rest attend technical schools . 
  it depends on the degree, 
  friendly reminder that it is not okay . 
  we are not okay, 
  best problem-solving algorithm, 
  not with that attitude, 
  what if you 're transgender ? 
  why are you using such an outdated rating system ? 
  hello !, 
  in physics class ... redditing . 
  please sleep tho, 
  amen ... 
  okay , wait . 
  i really want to understand your viewpoint . 
  you are saying to keep borders closed to thousands of people who have travelled hundreds of kilometers and spent thousands of euros to escape their country , because the popularion of the hosting country does n't want them . 
  on one hand , it will prevent a lot of social problems , but on the other hand , it seems just inhumane to leave them there to their destiny . 
  lmao, 
  ah , always wanted to post [ this . 
  how, 
  now let 's solve our constant `` we 're going to be fucked '', 
  oh that explains a lot . 
  if afd lost in the most rural state , they should n't have a good chance of winning i the federal elections , right ? 
  were they supposed to be funny ? 
  wait what . 
  germany is having an election ? 
  and they did not make a fuss about it for a whole year ?? 
  we exit, 
  they should taste italian sausage from the wrong hole, 
  still better than googleholylasagne, 
  i think i saw some articles naming berlin as the sv of the eu, 
  ok , i know some of these immigrants because they come to my church . 
  i can guarantee you they are not `` surplus children '' . 
  families spend a lot of money to send them in europe to find a better life and sustain the family from there . 
  so if they just wanted to get rid of an additional mouth to feed , it is very unlikely they 'd spend all of their savings for that . 
  this is not very efficent, 
  best kind of save, 
  no he/she is a `` here '' , ca n't you read ? 
  well ... women and gay men ? 
  they raised awareness, 
  amen, 
  that explains a lot of things, 
  ( \u25e1 \u203f \u25e1 \u273f ) ( \u0298 \u203f \u0298 \u273f ) '' what . '' ( \u0298 \u203f \u0298 ) \u30ce \u273f '' hold il mio flower '', 
  please confess your sins at the nearest church to avoid excommunication, 
  but you put hecking pineapples on it, 
  i have not even finished my studies , but i 'm already planning to move to germany or scandinavia ... 
  color me surprised . 
  i beg to differ . 
  oh god amen ... 
  120 dead, 
  what how, 
  [ ok ] ( https://www.spcforexcel.com/files/images/nocorrelation.png ), 
  step by step . 
  lol butthurt imgurians, 
  n\u00f2 rely it shud be ilegal / s, 
  what does juncker do anyways, 
  wow i should socialize more ... 
  i think that it 's mainly our fault . 
  i 'm no expert , but we are hypertaxed , especially businesses , and corruption is the norm . 
  despite knowing how bad we are going , many just stay quiet as long as their direct interests are not affected . 
  ... the sister of my mother 's friend is an immigrant in sweden . 
  she said that they give you courses to learn the language and how to do a job . 
  if you do n't attend , they withdraw some basic services ( food , housing , do n't really remember ), 
  an upvote does not express how i appreciate this goshdarn stupid comment . 
  and does this plane have a private hollande ? 
  this, 
  his hecking face at the end ahahahahah, 
  well ... he 's very memeable ... so that 's a good thing ? 
  ... im afraid to google how it did, 
  is this circulating in turkey ? 
  can we hope in a backlash by the turkish population ? 
  holy theresa you really do n't know where to draw the line don ' tyou, 
  welp ... time to get off reddit and go mafiaing while making hand gestures . 
  i really hope this comment gets the attention it deserves ... 
  are you saying that native europeans do n't commit homicide ? 
  i 've heard some time ago , when i still watched tv , about a guy in central italy smashing an elderly couple heads to steal their valuables . 
  or a woman with his son killing her sister to get her money . 
  or a man killing and chopping his mom and hiding her in the fridge to hide her death so that he could still recieve her pension . 
  crime is common , among * everyone * . 
  so yes , he can say that . 
  half-expected it , but still surprised, 
  we 've been on the verge of collapse for quite a long time ...
