omg thx portugal, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  wow ... so true, 
  we need to separate from the south / s, 
   aph germany  straight my sides, 
  they are raping everyone !, 
  do n't come !!! 1 !! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 !!!!, 
  what abour sanders ? 
  wow ... 
  ehhh yea, 
  you could use minivans if you have a big family, 
  ooooh now i get it, 
  well ... wait until they see lancias ... especially musa . 
  i struggle to understand why it is a laughable thing tho ... like i know the reason but i do not understand why . 
  do they say this sort fo things : `` haha you have a small , convenient and fuel efficent car !, 
  probably like your dick haha !, 
  the buses too . 
  i had a high fever because of these sudden temperature drops, 
  wow ... italians are very proud of that car . 
  i remember it was a big thing when it got released . 
  how do they call people who drive hyundai i10 ? 
  topkek, 
  i saw a very big one near the central station of a medium sized city that i go through every day by bus . 
  not as big as the ones in the us , but still big enough to piss you off by how much parking space it takes . 
  i 'm not crying . 
  or planning to move out . 
  i 've been having the same naked lady for about 7 videos, 
  it was the same for me !, 
  i was baffled by some cars ... like ... do you even * need * that ? 
  i believe social emargination and poor social integration might have had a small role in this , but still this is not a good excuse for those horrible acts . 
  they should forget about their oil deals and take the right actions to ensure the security of eu citizens ... oh wait, 
  but why, 
  hating our gov but not doing anything about it, 
  that 's not a difficult goal ... 
  so you mean saudi, 
  why, 
  as a high school student i do feel obliged to say that a random group of teens picked from the streets is not the best example . 
  the well-behaved students are usually studying their asses off at home or engaged in a hobby or sport . 
  plus it depends from what kind of schools are the students from . 
  for example , lyceum students in italy are generally more well behaved than students from vocational high schools , probably because of their social background . 
  of course , this is a generalization , and it is based from my experience as an italian student . 
  okay throw in some north italy, 
  i did not expect that, 
  [  ] ( https://jennifertellsastory.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/everything-hurts-and-im-dying-parks-and-recreation-16-dragged.jpg ), 
  [ italians reading the comment section ] ( http://rack.0.mshcdn.com/media/zgkymdezlza2lzeyl2i0l2fuaw1hdgvkcmftljviodmylmdpzgpwcxrodw1icteymdb4otywmd4/3414fbe3/725/animated-rampage.gif ), 
  italy here . 
  personally i do n't have any big grudges but , france give us our fucking paintings back . 
  and everybody else who stole them . 
  also there 's this general `` i give up '' feeling . 
  instead of reacting to the shit our gov. 
  does we just say `` it 's life ... '' and go on with our business . 
  another thing is this huge cultural difference between north and south . 
  corruption too . 
  italy would then be a beautiful place to live in . 
  i thought he was being sarcastic ... 
  and in an article that enrages you , they put a video that ends with screaming and panicked refugee children . 
  this is frustrating . 
  not much ... really . 
  i live in northen italy and my family is from ethiopia , but we are well integrated with italian society and culture ( the fact that my dad moved here when he was 9 and that my mom was raised with western culture helped a lot ) . 
  anyway , we 've had migrants from northen africa in my small town since like 2005 , but they have n't integrated but neither disrupted the tranquil atmosphere of my small town . 
  but why, 
  this is incredibly frustrating ... ca n't they introduce a behaviour rating system or smth like that ? 
  see how is integratable and deport who is n't . . 
  we have always been . 
  i literallyca n't understand my grandpa because of his heavy naples accent ( i was raised in the north ) . 
  show them the remix !, 
  what about forcing european culture on them ? 
  if it 's anyway poissible ... this is frustrating . 
  excuse me ... would you willingly go to war and probably die ? 
  this is n't counter strike . 
  what to do, 
  *** may ***, 
  here it mostly depends on you , but many tend to stay at home if they can . 
  my friend 's brother moved out to study in a far away uni , my neighbor still lives with her parents and my brother 's tutor is doing his phd with periodic trips to cern but still lives with mom and dad . 
  what, 
  oh no underwear . 
  i 'm scarred, 
  oh yey i wonder if this is where all the money got from cuts to healthcare and education go . 
  after i returned from a 2 months vacation in the usa i noticed how musical is the italian language . 
  and how small and pretty are our towns, 
  i did n't mind letta ... i mean ... he invested in education . 
  now with renzi it 's almost impossible to get a scholarship . 
  we value eating ... a lot . 
  sweden of course !, 
  have you watched the video ? 
  i do n't think it 'll be a good idea ... 
  that 's how i 'm going to skip a few millenias of evolution and become a flying homo sapiens sapiens, 
  das cute, 
  in the north/central part the highways are very good . 
  the horrible ones i 've seen were only in the south , but i do n't travel there very often, 
  perfect !, 
  i 'd vote for a party that endorses this policy or a party that focuses on this cause . 
  but to avoid that the policymaker ignores their specialist/counselor , the latter needs a system that allows them to voice their disagreement in the parliament, 
  yes, 
   kawaii russian man now i 'd watch that . 
  it 's so expensive that it 'll crash russia 's economy ... so please do, 
  guess who 's voting no, 
  that does n't matter in us elections . 
  bush did n't have the popular vote , but he still won, 
  [ so many kisses ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/junckered-best-moments-commission-president-kisses/ ),
