our countries have for purpose to create a community of like-minded people that respect certain values etc etc etc. 
  is n't that literally the definition of integration ? 
   it 's not immediate when you know it wo n't be reliably reciprocated . 
  i guess we 'll only know in a couple of decades from now or maybe not even in our lifetime . 
  the issue is certainly not going away anytime soon . 
   not your citizens ; not your problem . 
  it 's still objectively better for the people affected . 
  also it clearly * is * our problem . 
  otherwise we would n't be having this discussion . 
  this is the attitude that brought us here in the first place . 
   people have a right to decide whether they want x amount of immigrants into their country . 
  they do but immigrants are not the same as refugees . 
  applying for asylum is a fundamental right according to international law and the german constitution . 
  there is no maximum number of people this right applies to , similar to how there is , for example , no maximum number of people the right to a fair trial applies to . 
  it would be ridiculous to say , after x amount of trials per year everyone else is just out of luck and gets convicted without one . 
  just because it 's convenient , cheaper , safer or even wanted by the majority does not mean it 's the right thing to do . 
   policy changes do n't lead to an increase in people killing each other . 
  of course they do , or better * can * . 
  you said so yourself that a change in immigration policy can lead to a change in crime . 
  the same can be true for other policy changes . 
  the reality though is , while these cases are understandably upsetting , especially for those directly involved , they are statistically irrelevant and therefore should n't drive policy . 
  also , as someone living in a poor middle sized city in a pretty run down part of germany , i can tell you that the only effect the refugee crisis has had on my life is that now everybody is talking about it . 
   any refugee or immigration must always first serve the host nation 's interests no , people , in general , do not have any obligation to serve any country at all . 
  it 's the other way around : a country and its institutions have to serve the people . 
   the government is responsible to its citizens above all . 
  while true , this does not mean that a government is not responsible for non-citizens at all . 
  it certainly has responsibility for non-citizens within its borders and probably to a lesser degree also towards mankind as a whole . 
  that 's a pretty philosophical question , though . 
   why is their welfare more important than the lives of your innocent citizens , of which you have lost several ? 
  it is not and nobody said or insinuated that it is . 
  ( aka : it 's a straw man argument ) . 
  this again does not mean that their welfare is of no importance at all . 
  when it comes to basic things like physical integrity it 's actually pretty much equal . 
   i see no reason we should n't profile based on beliefs - ideology and religion . 
  freedom of religion is a fundamental human right and a cornerstone of the enlightenment and western civilization . 
  if we give these values up whenever they are inconvenient we are doing no less than betraying our own heritage and identity . 
   only if you think they 'll be reciprocated equally . 
  they are still beneficial to the people affected . 
  we also should hold ourself to a higher standard than the countries these people are coming from . 
  to keep it concise the two big points are : * the upholding of global standards on resolving international issues despite immediate national interest . 
  this concerns not only refugee policy but also things like climate change and global economy . 
  if we want other countries to make decisions for the greater good we ( as in the west/first world/global elite ) will have to lead by example . 
  * massive improvement to the standard of living and life opportunities for hundreds of thousands of people . 
  any sources for that number ? 
  i think pushing for it now is a really smart move . 
  just following greens and fdp by making it a coalition requirement would have gained the spd relatively few extra votes , mainly because most people just do n't care about it enough . 
  pushing for it now thought makes schulz look like a ` macher ' who can take charge and make things actually happen . 
  this speaks to a lot more people than the actual topic of gay marriage . 
  how so ? 
  the goal is n't to change their believes , it 's to stop or at least reduce the spreading of those believes . 
  not a lawyer so i ca n't really tell you how those situations whould play out here . 
  the only thing i know is that making someone else commit a crime carries the same punishment as committing the crime yourself . 
  i 'd assume that calling for someones murder in affect whould therefore carry the same punishment as killing someone in affect . 
  i think i 'd agree with that in most cases . 
  as a german who can be pretty critical of ee , i have to agree . 
  this is a bad move that 's going to hurt us long term . 
  unfortunately this is n't even a topic in germany so it 's unlikely to get fixed . 
  holocaust denial is pretty much exclusively used to promote fascist and totalitarian ideologies which can not exist without violence . 
  therefore holocaust denial is indirectly promoting violence . 
  there is fine line between voicing your shitty opinion and promoting the destruction of the free and democratic basic order of germany . 
  and only the second on is covered by unconstitutional speech laws . 
  imho states have the right to protect themselves against this kind of attack . 
  these things also do immediate harm and are directly responsible for an increase in violence . 
  if you were to call your friend and ask him to shoot your neighbour , you 'd be made responsible for that too if he actually did it . 
  the same thing is happening here . 
  that 's not how it works in most legal systems . 
  contract murder usually carries the same punishment as doing it yourself . 
  it 's not quite that black and white since membership in the eu requires member states to transfer part of their sovereignty to the eu . 
  the question again is how much . 
  the thing is though that all those states knew what they where getting into when they signed lisbon . 
  i ca n't quite follow you . 
  are you arguing that art . 
  1 gg has no actual influence on the german justice system ? 
  i think the fundamental question is whether those decisions should be able to be made by majority vote even against the will of the affected countries or not . 
  in germany the individual states get a say in those cases via the bundesrat but they do n't get a veto either . 
  this sometimes leads to similar situations with states simply ignoring federal law . 
  i think there are good arguments for both sides and it 's a valid discussion to have . 
  because i believe that the protection of human dignity as understood by the gg is of more fundamental importance than the things covered by the first amendment . 
  see solitary confinement and capital punishment for example . 
  because the majority decided that 's how it 's going to be . 
  if they wanted these things to only be decided unanimously they should n't have signed the treaty of lisbon . 
  im gon na take art . 
  1 gg over that one any day . 
  being tolerant does n't mean you have to tolerate intollerance , quite the opposite actually . 
  this also does n't make opposing views illegal . 
  it makes it illegal to weaponize speech . 
  your view on history also seems really strange to me . 
  if western european history has shown us anything it 's that dehumanizing speech will eventually lead to dehumanizing action . 
  with all that being said , i do believe this is a bad law because it puts a very sensitive part of law enforcement in the hands of private companies . 
  and that can never work out well . 
  i mostly agree with both of you . 
  with that being said this still does n't really solve economic migration from sub-saharan africa . 
  these people would still try to get into europe illegally and we wo n't be able to send them back quickly since libya is n't going to take them . 
  and sending them back to their home country is a long and time consuming process . 
  the only way to make these people stay in the region is to give them some economic perspective . 
  people are protesting because they believe the deportations are unconstitutional . 
  the constitutional court has in selected cases decided that they might be but has n't made a generally applicable decision yet . 
  therefore it 's pretty much up in the air for now and people argue based on their opinions . 
  source in german : https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/bvg16-094a.html also your second point just is n't true . 
  whether people are deported or not mostly depends on the state they got assigned to ( which is random ) .
