  lmao, 
  as i said , 3k shows polls from a 7milion inhabitants zone , meanwhile we had a plebiscitary vote , that represents the real vote of the +70 % of catalans that voted . 
  if you cant read dont waste my time . 
  anyways , this is what a referendum is about . 
  to let both sides decide . 
  its not that freaking hard . 
   i think more than 50 % is needed for a huge life-changing decision that could blow up people 's jobs , savings , livelihoods , and the country where they freaking live not onlly catalonia has offered to negotiate the percentage needed if madrid agreed to a referendum but also , following a 40 % against a 60 % is anything but democratic . 
   the separatists are ok with the dragging down everyone 's lives for something that in the long run will make no difference to who they are or what they identify as . 
  you can be catalan and be spanish . 
  what ? 
  not sure i underestand what you mean here, 
  not really , catalan * generalitat * has been there since 1359 , even during franco dictatorship ( thru exhile in france , ** llu\u00eds companys wad the president by then ) , its nothing granted by spain . 
  and not really ... [ tc 's president ] ( http://m.ara.cat/politica/president-tc-admet-resoldre-proces_0_1760224014.html ) already addmited they ca n't resolve catalan thing due to it being merely a political confrontation . 
  anyways , if it goes as catalan governament plans , they will create a new legislation ( whixh works as a dui to then hold the referendum ) that would force internationsl community to step in and therefore make the hague say if it is legal and not spanish tc . 
  acording to 3k people polls ? 
  we had a plebiscitary elections on which a 48 % wanted independence and a 39 % did n't . 
  this one had the vote of +70 % of the population . 
  quite a bit more fiable . 
  also , according to ** all ** pollw , an 80 % of catalans want a referendum on which to vote . 
  btw : so it would be ok to not force what a 51 % thinks but yes what a 49 % thinks ? 
  smh, 
  why ? 
  being added into a following list for your religion is a discrimination , and yes , it is s human rights discriminatoin then, 
  now im wondering what it was !, 
  lol, 
  being religious isnt the same than publicy addmiting an ideology that violates human rights of others . 
  islam , as well as all other major religions , is peaceful but for a couple extremists ( such as kkk ) . 
  and lol at thinking they are their voter base, 
  but there 's a thruth on this message : generalizing is anything but positive . 
  they have things in common , but are n't the same . 
  quite succesful ? 
  all cnt achieved were armed conflicts with landowners . 
  not even our * mancomunitat * was under their control . 
  and lol ? 
  soviets did n't attack catalonia , in fact they were one of the supporring sides catalonia had during spanish civil war ( with their tactics , we know , but they were a help . 
  even lots of kids were sent to schools in russia to get out of the war . ), 
  cnt was an anarcosocialist group , not comunism . 
  that 's like saying thst n. korea , china or cuba are comunist ... 
  we have allways had comunist sectors ( and have , in fact 10/135 seats in our parliment are ) , but never been a comunist state/region/whatever . 
  fun fact : although being mostly torskist , it was ome catalan who ( suposedly ! ), 
  killed tortsky, 
  well , basically because half of those examples have their own ideologies , which arent comunist . 
  well , paris commune was a 2months rulership , which , if i 'm not wrong , couldnt really use its power as an state should be able to , so i 'd ( personally ) define it more likely as a short , temporal , small anarchy on which a group had more power ( amd luckily they were workers ), 
  0 success . 
  on all of them . 
  none even set up the bases of it . 
  they all got stuck on the proletariate dictatorship ( or ended up as a normal dictatorship ) , which is not part of comunism at all . 
  if three people try to go from their bedrooms to the kitchen to mske a sandwitch and none of them gets up from the bed i wont say that there was any success at all . 
  erm ... nope , comunism has never been implemented , not even in the urss, 
  4 extremists arent excuse to violate the human rights of milions . 
  and that 's the moment when you break human rights, 
  pls tell me this is not a bullfighting site now ... 
  please no, 
  by pp lol . 
  they call them separatists too , somi would n't gove them attention, 
  lol . 
  it sounds odd to me tho . 
  i mean , in catalan parliment we have from the epp to groups built by comunists , anticapitalists . . all kinds !, 
  we just call them leftists tho , nothing else, 
  remove first * \u00bf * and you got it sir !, 
  got me now !, 
  and just to be a lol choosy , it would be `` esquerra alternativa '' in cat \u263a ( which btw , does it exist there ? 
  never heard it here ) . 
  its catalan , not spanish !, 
  what ? 
  i see lol, 
  was i disrespectful ? 
  idt saying that i would n't support an hipotetical eu that let erdogan join offends anyone . 
  its just me exposing my pov without messing with anyone, 
  i domt like football at all !, 
  but i do like bar\u00e7a ( on the * m\u00e9s que un club * part , not the sport ), 
  they postponed it , but that 's hughe already . 
  spain doesnt want to dialogue on anything , postponing the date is extremelly positive compared to what we are used to ( and i may say i agree with postponing it postbrexit to not take hotheaded decisions ), 
  the eu accepting erdogan ? 
  yay !, 
  this would be another reason for me to not support the eu !, 
  edit : i guess some people doesnt like seeing that not everyone wants the eu ? 
  woah , you so full of hate lol . 
  have fun in romania sweetie !, 
  lol, 
  oops !, 
  copied link besides post , yes . 
  touch\u00e9 !, 
  as i said , wont even waste time . 
  some of your quoted clubs do exactly the same . 
  not really . 
  op posted an official stance that the club took , the rest , is individuals speaking out their mind . 
  the bar\u00e7a player gerard piqu\u00e9 , for example , has activelly been saying he wants an independent catalonia , but this doesnt make it the club 's position . 
  they wont say yes or no to independence tho , thwy will just support a referendum, 
  you just a troll !, 
  could said it earlier lol . 
  btw , this comes from a non bar\u00e7a fan , in case you wamma drag some football drama as you are trying to, 
  as i said , learn some history about the foundation before commenting . 
  otherwise , its pointless to answer you . 
  its not only a football club , never has been . 
  learn some history of the foundation and then comment, 
  well , westminster offered changes to convince scottish as a `` we care about you ! '', 
  message , the message here is more like a `` gtfo !, 
  do you know who voted too ? 
  '' , the situation is completely different , the no here has n't just been to a referendum but at recognizing catalan as an official language , giving us our own financial system ( that some regions already have ) or even an equal financial system , the no has been to anything .
