  well , at least the social democratic party . 
  also , about cyrpus . . 
  they do n't recognize it due to north cyrpus . 
  both countries are nowadays ( satrted this january ) on a high and interesting negociation that may end up with the reunification of the island . 
  would north cyprus ask for kosovo recognizment ? 
  i bet if they asked , cyprus would give that in order to reuniify the country, 
  fourth time i say it : not on mid 1400s . 
  its worthless speaking to you if you gon na be talking about reconquista ( by that i mean that you just change ages btw ) . 
  actually , in mid 1400s , muscovy was golden hordes main rival all together with crimea . 
  by inheriting hre members i gues you mean barban and all those ? 
  they were jus vassals . 
  at the time of the burgundian wars , they were n't formally inherited . 
  if it was n't an honoraury title nor had a different legal/political structure ( such as catalan counties and `` sub kingdoms '' for aragon crown ) there 's no point on calling it that way but for an special will of notability of le\u00f3n , which is what i 'm arguing about, 
  if you scroll up , i 'm talking about ( third time i say it ) mid 1400s , not early ones . 
  heck , please read first . 
  thats ' why i asked portuguese and spanish . 
  and goa inquisition affected goa only , not india . 
  you should say this about british empire instead maybe . 
  lmao , no . 
  actually burgundy was france 's biggest rival . 
  what you mean is when france and austria annexed burgundy on burgundian wars ( annexed , not vassalized ) muscovy was a vassal in middle 1400 's ? 
  golden horde did n't even have half of its economic and military power . 
  muscovy was fully sovereign and had its own vassals ( such as tver , perm ... ) and well ... 
  following that logic spain should still be called castille ... 
  sweetheart , not only the european union has a commision aimed at negotiating with kossovo , which yes , is considered as a potential candidate ( same as serbia , turkey ... ) i wo n't comment the isis part , that fake affirmation just denotes a hate relationship from you against kosovo for whichever reason , so its worthless to dialogate . 
  lol , spain tried to veto the talks already . 
  they just ignore it as they did when spain refused to dialogate with the balkan republics that are now part or eu . 
  what 's said and done is different sweetheart . 
  erm ... spaniards did n't even get to india , the only colony they had east of its location were filipines , so stop whinning about fake stuff, 
  kosovo is now a candidate member which has had a lot of negotations already , and which has shown to be a lot more willing to be proeuropean than serbia , so it would really be odd to not ask that . 
  btw , also note that serbia did recognize a `` shared sovereignity '' in order to get closer to the eu , so they do know they have to go thru that path . 
  not recognizing another candidate state and claiming it as its own territories when mostly of the eu does recognize it would be nonsensless . 
  what eu officials say and do are two different things . 
  this allways remembers me of eu officials saying that they wouldnt recognize or let in any balkan republic . 
  what 's said and done is different, 
  as you said , it had merged into castile , and therefore the name is nonsensless . 
  and no , burgundy was n't a vassal either . 
  a vassal was perm for muscovy in middle 1400s , or urbino for the papal on the same period . 
  either you are sovereign or a vassal , do n't mix things up . 
  a vassal was a subject , and had no sovereignity , which was n't granada 's case . 
  and i was laughing at castille and leon name , this name is posterior than what we are talking about . 
  it was only castille ( land of castles ) by then . 
  some people really has too much money ... anywayyyyssss ... 
  if they need a descendent i 'm their man !, 
  ( they wont ask for an id , will they ? ), 
  just shot at amancio ortega 's house and all its slaves will join your fight !, 
  easiest way to get manpower, 
  well ... from an historical point of view i so would n't !, 
  of castille and le\u00f3n !, 
  lmaaaoooo and no lol , granade was sovereign till it was finally whipped out from the map , it was n't a vassal . 
  spaniards and portuguese people ? 
  yyyyyeeeah ... * insterts facepalm *, 
  they can think whatever they want , they wo n't be allowed unless they fully recognize kosovo . 
  they may be offended , but doubt belarus and russia wo n't make it up . 
  think trump prefers donetsk :p, 
  totes !, 
  ask murica peeps !, 
  jezz ... those murica soldiers are everywhere , are n't they ? 
  unionism agrees now , they would n't agree on a harsh moment due to their huuuughe diferences . 
  btw , using `` banks '' would be way stupid for spain . 
  not it would be a falling economy unless it changed its financial system ( madrid ca n't hold it all by itself ) but catalonia could refuse to pay its part of debt . 
   i was talking about unionism vs. independentism . 
  if you want an accurate result you have the 27s elections , a 48 % vs a 39 % , and a 60 % which wants a referendum . 
  here you have a 70 % of the elegible population represented , waaaaaaay better than those 3k polls that have been proved to be irrelevant ( us elections , sorpasso ... ), 
  1 ) you re mixing things up ( no wonder why you belive fake news ) 2 ) santi vidal has been well known from running his mouth even from before he got into politics . 
  3 ) learn to read , the racist part was n't aimed at you , smartpants . 
  4 ) against everyone ? 
  no , against newspapers that have covers ( on their own website ) on which they show and give suport to adolf hitler or franco , not even lower ranks , no . 
  if that 's not fascism . . 
  shake my head . 
  5 ) again , stop spreading shit , they are rarely written by anyone but madrid corresponsals from each newspapers , the only ones that have been made by proindependentists ( and nonindependentists ) have been opinion letters . 
  actually the only media that only shows one side of the history is spain * cough * who has n't even recognized kosovo yet * cough * . 
  go back to your mesetarian cave , we do n't need demagogy and lies . 
  p.s : by the way you could contrast info before running your muth ( see ? 
  not that different than santi vidal ) , i 'm not the one spreading fake stuff arround . 
  people from nyt said it , people from le monde said it , lativia courts said it ... actually , the only governament that has been caught ( by courts ) paying for fake stuff has been spanish governament , creating fake proofs for a judice against xavier trias ( and others ) * cough * the famous `` esto la fiscal\u00eda te lo afina '' * cough * as well as pressing other countries such as andorra for private information . 
  you are probably some mediterraneo digital/abc lector , so i wo n't bother talking to rascist/pseudofranquist newspapers lectors , speaking to my room 's wall is more fructifile, 
  that 's completely fake . 
  just this week , raphael minder , the new york times madrid correspondent , said that this was fake information spread by some spanish sectors . 
  also , the same spanish sectors acused lativia 's pm from taking money from generalitat when they gave suport to catalan independence . 
  and not only that , a court investigated it and sent a resolution saying it was a fake acusation . 
  and there 's more , awhile ago , spain acused le monde from being paid to publish catalan artciles . 
  the same newspaper said that they never accepted any penny in order to publish articles . 
  fake news spreading is disgusting , so please , have some decency and stop spreading fake stuff arround , thank you . 
  sweetheart ... how many corruption cases does erc have compared to pp , psoe , c 's or podemos ? 
  and cup ? 
  none at all . 
  the only catalan independentist party with corruption problems is cdc ( or pdecat ) , which is dying with catalan process , and let me say , that its one of the best things this is bringing us , altogether with the deadway that ppc and psc also have in catalonia, 
  heck , half of catalans have spanish as their mother tongue !, 
  and those catalan speaking may speak to you in catalan because of being used to underestand eachother with both languages ( its the normal day ) , but if you tell them you do n't know catalan they will apologize and switch language . 
  of course , you can find an idiot that wo n't , but let 's be honest ... idiots are international , they have no flag , natioality or ideology , so lets not generalize for a couple of people !, 
  ( and that goes to all , stereotypes sadly work for both sides ), 
  actually , tv3 has a nice division between unionist and independentists . 
  rtve , for example , spanish public tv channel , does n't reach a 10 % of independentists on its debates . 
  that 's the plurality you defend ? 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but i prefer a 50/50 . 
  the catalan governament had tried to negotiate a lot of times before . . 
  saudi arabia has laws too js . 
  ( and no , im not comparing , just saying hiw stupid it is to overpose law , especially if separation of powers is n't granted ) . 
  well , acording to eurostat , spanish justice independence gets a 3.1 out of a 10 , so i dont know if its a `` good system '' .
