  you said you never lived in catalonia . 
  someone that lived in catalonia but has just moved can vote on elections . 
  lots of things would be different if we had dialogue ( banned by madrid , cuz dialogue saying that a referendum wo n't be accepted is just `` postureo '' ) . 
  and its not rajoy only , its rivera , its susana diaz and it was pedro sanchez . 
  i can assure you that i 'm the first one that would like a pact with madrid , but this has been tried for 7 years , and the only answer has been `` no '' ( plus some psoe smartpants with a new estatut idea , which is nothing but an insult ) . 
  sorry for not using quotes !, 
  not sure if it works on mobile, 
  from my point of view it should be the same people that 's allowed on elections . 
  no one has a problem with them . 
  why not do it like that then ? 
  i find it very hypocrital ( no offense intended ) to want to let vote people from other areas of spain that have resided in catalonia ( which could perfectly be a basque that studied there with no relation at all ) but not outsiders from other places . 
  btw , why should you even vote if you have never lived in catalonia ? 
  the percentage needed was one offer that our mhp offered mariano rajoy for a referendum with spain 's aproval . 
  why should we when they have literally oposed everything ? 
  btw , international comunity talks about majorities not percentages , as well as platon did . 
  it wouldnt be democratic to opose a 54.5 % but yes a 45.5 % and what if we are vetoed in the eu ? 
  we can join efta and get almost all the befecices . 
  or well , on a really bad situation even go for brics . 
  russia has been extremely open with catalonia lately ( to fracture europe mainly ) , but again , this is a non desired scenario . 
  why leave it there then ? 
  and the danish people ? 
  and the britts ? 
  and the russians ? 
  spain can say whatever it wants , but its up to catalans to decide their future , not up to others that have nothing to do with it . 
  that 's exactly the reason why spaniards didn '' ' t vote on brexit btw man , the smallest country in the world has like 50 inhabitats . 
  yes , in effect they can , but those elections were presented as plebiscitary ones , so its probably more accurate than polls, 
  actually its absolutely diferent . 
  and what if they do ? 
  democracy literally means demos ( people ) cracy ( power ), 
  ihy !, 
  now i 'm hungry !, 
  woah !, 
  had n't seen it !, 
  spanish constitution has , on the article 155 , an option to give orders to an autonomy ( temporally ) , which unionist parties say that gives you the power to supress an autonomy ( which isnt true acording to lawyers and judges ) , but catalan governament intends to pass this with what they call transition laws ( which would work as an independence declaration that would create a new legal mark ) , so i guess that on this scenario international community would have to step in and opt for a solution . 
  and well , it would n't be the same for spain at that point, 
  exactly , but what i mean is that the only real show ( which is n't really real either , since we would need a referendum for it ) is a 48 % vs a 39 % . 
  anyways , i 'm pretty sure the yes would win for a simple reason : pp and c 's would call in for a boycott ( again ) , in order to not acept it , having less effect but being positive for peoe who wants independence, 
  its not hypocrisy . 
  what you said was simply fake . 
  catalans do n't mind paying prt of their imcome to help poorer regions if the resources are well spended . 
  what you ca n't ask them to do is pay for worthless ave stations for 22 inhabitants villages meanwhile they do n't even get investments on highly important infraestructures as mediterranean corridor ( which btw , the ep has already paid for ), 
  * waves latvia * p.s. 
  we have n't yet payed for the [ human chain ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24052713 ) copyright yet :p, 
  damn dutchs !, 
  lol !, 
  it has historically existed , but had allways been a reeeal minority till 6 years ago or so, 
  he did n't say that anyone should be independent . 
  he said that they have the right to be so if they want it . 
  two different things, 
  about a 70 % of catalans want a referendum . 
  all surveys are arround 45 % of suport to the yes and to the no , but they are usually made out of 3000 peope . 
  catalonia holded a plebiscitary elections the last 27 of september . 
  a 48 % voted for independence parties , a 39 % against it and the other 11 % is a pro-referendum force which holds both , not-independentist and independentists . 
  i see an eu4 player on here ? 
  hehe but no !, 
  a republic this time ( would be second catalan republic ), 
  1 ) i can assure that this * nationalism * is waaaay different that the one we are used to ( the eclusive , intolerant , right-wing one ) . 
  its actually the oposite of that p.s : you seen fc barcelona colors , the football team with more fans worldwide, 
  us has a relatively recent history ( native americans apart ) , europe is one of the oldest historically-deep regions, 
  the economy is the last reason . 
  its due to the culture , language , and the most important part , the view of how spain 's governament threats catalonia . 
  actually , on the start , if spain had offered to talk with catalonia besides saying no to literally every change , it would n't had gone that far . 
  catalan politicians even started using `` the right to decide '' term in order to not mention selfdetermination . 
   because they do n't want to fund poorer regions of the country . 
  i hope you say this out of ignorance . 
  tell me why would then catalans be part of the eu when they are a paying region ? 
  as a catalan who wants independence i can assure you that identity is just an excuse . 
  independence will , in this case , is the view of an state that we see as manipulative , antidemocratic , dishonest , and the most important , oposite to our view . 
  independentists see spain as an state that has systematically gone against them ( banning the estatut and aproving the same * ilegal * articles later on on andalucia 's one ) , that does n't care about them and that has started ** political trials ** ( words of members of all ep parties , even a epp member ) against their democratically elected politicians for wanting to get their cititzens to decide their own future meanwhile not even having said anything of some of the main spanish newspapers acusing them ( independentist population ) of being * nazis * or * alquaeda * members . 
  we could be saying examples all day long , but anyways , this was intended to be just an small view of why culture is just an excuse for a lot of other reasons, 
  catalan parliment will actually declare independence before it . 
  here goes an small description of how it is intended to work if there 's no agreement : 1 ) catalan parliment aproved the already-ready * transition laws * , which are a set of laws that would create a legal mark , independent from spain on which to make a legal referendum ( note : they have been built respectfully with international legislation to call out for international community ) . 
  this would work , at practic , as a declaration of independence that would make european union and international community to step in 2 ) there would be a referendum . 
  3 ) if the yes won , a new state , would be built p.s : lot of this is aimed at international support , which catalan governament has had as a top priority fro a couple of years . 
  actually , catalonia ( not the only region ) had administrative and `` political '' ( note that this one was mixt up with kingdom of aragon ) autonomy , castille was united because of the dynasty only . 
  not till after a sucession war on which france , uk , austria , etc participed , those `` autonomies '' disbanded ( note , catalonia has allways keept its governform even while banned , sometimes from exile ) , so yes , it kinda did . 
  anyways , apart of that , spain has a lot of cultural diferences between its regions , its more complicated than denmark with faroe 's, 
  the problem is that spanish main parties have spread from the start that it should be voted by everyone in spain ( cuz as its logic it would affect everyone , like brexit for europeans ), 
  so what ? 
  use the force ? 
  not only tone of the ex-spanish generals said they were n't capable to but at this time , international community would had been forced to intervene, 
  there have already been lots of suport from all ep parties , so you are quite wrong . 
  not making it would be a total political suicide, 
  hence the transition laws that would create a new legislative situation, 
   the european dream oh gosh , not another us , ty !, 
  not like they [ hear it ] ( http://www.naciodigital.cat/noticia/108985/video/forta/xiulada/himne/espanyol/final/copa/rei ) at all , those are ( nowadays ) spanish football matches when anthem is played ( if its a bra\u00e7a match ), 
  lol !, 
  cup crida constituent is one of the left wing antieuropean parties , but those are antieuropean exactly because what i 'm saying . 
  maybe you are okay at having mps that call women less smart , for me , a political union that allows this can go crawl into a hole ( p.s. 
  i would be the first supoerter of a world federation , just not at any price ) . 
  and its not a poland problem only . 
  libertas , for uk , c 's for spain ( shall remember its founder arcadi espada , one of the most sexists , homophobic and racist politicians that i 've meet till the date , even counting irrelevant parties ) and lots of others that are n't actually irrelevant . 
  its cataunya written in catalan , english , french and italian : * what does it have to do with it ? 
  are they ? 
  i guess vox is ? 
  anyways , my deal is n't about who is european and who is not , the deal is ** at what price ? 
  ** as i said , an exclusive rightwing , such as the party from the polish mp that this week said women are `` weaker , smaller and less smart '' or th one that gives homenages to fascists ( whichever of them ) will create a different eu than the eu that leftwing , welcoming parties would . 
  so from my point of view ,  voting for eu candidates is n't necessarily good . 
  its like saying , in the us , that the green party voters should had voted hillary, 
  is n't polish the gentilie for poland ?
