  lol , actually your flair is n't a good example of `` stealing shit '' . 
  but yes , agreed on second part . 
   and what does he have to do with terrorism ? 
  you were talking about all murders being on same level . 
  so what ? 
  is amancio ortega on samw level or not ? 
   no you did n't oh that reading comprension ... and lol !, 
  you mental bruh !, 
  ~ ~ which polls ? 
  pew pew research ? 
  for god 's sake !, 
  its an american right-wing conservative research company !, 
  they would tell you human rights are protected in arabia saudi if they got money from it ! ~ ~ ~ ~ btw , by jews assimilating you mean the murders/kicks such as the ones in spain ? ~ ~ ~ ~ anyways , i see you havent even meet a muslism irl ( that 's not a `` hi !, 
  how 's all '' chat btw ) , so worthless to spend time on it . 
  heck , you are even calling humsn rights the problem ... go back to your far-right cave ... ~ ~ my apologizes , forgot i was on a right-wing sub, 
   the fuck are you even on about ? 
  dumbass . 
  the hundreds of bangladesh cititzens that died abd/or suicided on his modern slavery fabrics ? 
  lol , shut up hipocrite . 
   that , in my book , is police brutality . 
  tortures and murderd are n't police brutslity , get your shit straight . 
   you implied that eta 's murders were n't as bad as isis murders i implied that they are n't comparable , not less bad , so shut the fuck up if you ca n't read . 
  btw , i 'm not condoning terrorisn , i 'm simply not a retard like you that calls terrorists what they are , murders , but at the same time claps tortures , executions abd murders such as tarajal 's for example . 
  again , gtfo hipocrite . 
  go back to your cave and vote vox a bit . 
   a murder is a murder , and it has no place in our society under any pretext nor excuse . 
  you see , if we st totally agreed !, 
  but then do n't be cynical and say that amancio ortega is a murder as isis and eta are too . 
  and same for spanish governaments ( since we are talking about eta ) due to those thousands of tortures , which include plenty of deaths ) . 
  at least dont be an hipocrite, 
  no , you explain it to the iazidites that were genocided , the people decapitated live ... violence for freedom ( as kurdistan or rif ) is n't the same as racism and religion extremism ( as ku klux klan ) , so go back to your cave . 
  you forgot the thosands of tortures that according to amnesty international says spain is responsible for . 
  why would they ask them to not smoke ** outside ** ? 
  and as someone from catalonia who doesnt smoke , its rarely a problem at all for me . 
  and i 'm allways on * terrazas * due to dragging my dog everywhere !, 
  i realize it can be disturbing if you are used to an smoke-less zone ( have n't been to the uk yet , so i dont personally know it ) , but you must remember that every region has its own cultures . 
  actually its ilegal to smoke inside a restaurant in spain . 
  not wanting people to smoke on street , though , is just dumb !, 
  nothing else . 
  only yall : *, 
  ~ ~ muslisms have n't done that either . 
  just some retards have . 
  but we generalize them . 
  why not generalize christians as ku klux klan then ? ~ ~ my apologizes , forgot i was on a right-wing subreddit !, 
  where does it say that its a country ? 
  there are lots of sociologists that defend that we are threating muslisms the same way jews were threated back then . 
   i wonder if someone puts muslims to gas chambers ? 
  jews were n't sent to gas chambers in 1930 . 
  reading the dates helps  or did jews launch a wave of terrorism acts in 1930th . 
  nope , nor have muslisms . 
  some idiots dont make a whole religion . 
  or are all christians like ku klux klan ? 
  oh , eta is like isis now ? 
  gtfo idiot, 
  you will have to wait till they are presented . 
  there 's a law for atc ( catalan trubutary agency ) , so taxes would n't be a problem . 
  and travell will simply depend on international community . 
  how do kosovese travel ? 
  having more to do with kurdistan doesnt mean that this one is their example . 
  its simply two governaments with a common goal cooperating , nothing else , so stop lying . 
  not at all . 
  catalan independentism isnt a matter of money but a lot of other things . 
  and now you quote me a symposium ... smh man . 
  even the us house of forwign affairs has held symposiums whete they openly defended self-determination in europe ( and others on which not ) . 
  anyways , you just making me lose time with symposiums and non-treaty accords , so have fun !, 
  dis i say that kurdistan was catalan governament reference ? 
  whatever fits your speech * facepalm *, 
  your first paragraph is a plain lie . 
  wo n't even waste time replying it . 
  helsinki accords , part of what you quoted , is n't binding nor is a treaty , so its just mere guidelines . 
  so you are recognizing that catalonia has that right but that politics got in the middle ? 
  lol ? 
  press conference anouncment was made the same say than * la guerra dels segadors ** , the day later , iraqui kurdistan presented its referendum ( one week before catalonia 's and after our diada ) , after a long visit to catalonia on which they had meeting with catalan governament , and thw day after kurdish anouncment catalan governament does its . 
  yet , it has nothing to do with scotland . 
  nope , he rwally belives what he says . 
  now you know how the regular pp voter thinks . 
  and actually the un has n't said anything about catalonia but that it ca n't be included on their list of non-self governing territories , on which baltic states wouldnt be part of , nor is kurdistan , puerto rico ... 
  and the uk ? 
  where do you take that from ? 
  lol especially with gibraltar drama, 
  he 's joking lol, 
  nah , he 's different to the rest !, 
  the fakers got us in war and then backed off !, 
  if we are against sharing what we can , why would catalonia be proeu then ? 
  afterall its a paying region ... 
  a ) what do you consider opression ? 
  b ) i recommend you to come to catalonia and speak a lil bit with people . 
  otherwise do n't make up ideas . 
  you forgot like half of them lol, 
  not really ... 
  they would support turkey against turkish kurds then . 
  and its not the case due to erdogan drama , same thing as scotland and brexit , support given as a vendetta, 
  transition laws have been made to protect them , so its not an issue . 
  not like catalonia is that way ... why would it vw proeu then ? 
  it apports more than it recives . 
  and catalans are glad to be able to do so !, 
  lol ? 
  not at all . 
  the date anouncment had more to fo with kurdistan and * la guerra dels segadors * than with scotland . 
  lol ?
