  basque country and navarra have special tax systems for example . 
  can you give me the resolution where the us says so ? 
  not spanish media , an offical resolution . 
  i have posted its foreign affairs latest position on selfdeterminations transcription on this post already . 
  the uk ? 
  the uk rules itself by voting . 
  they will hold ou , but will be a lot more friendly for a referendum than spanish position . 
  and yes , whatever you said . 
  mexucan labour party 's comunist convention ( xxith ) ended up with china 's party signing a motion all together with other 30 parties . 
  internal and external politics usually differ on world powers, 
  catalonia explains its side of history , not `` right one '' . 
  cstalonia , though , has no option to press anyone meanwhile spain , being a country can . 
  anyways , its not me saying it , its your own minister maragallo saying it, 
  catalonia 's governament has n't * pressed * anyone , mainly because untill its independent it has zero power on that . 
  their strategy is to explain ( of course , fixing on interests , since that 's what rules this world ) catalonia 's situation and how they see it in the furtue . 
  yet , if this view is better , you can get `` supports '' , but there 's no real way to `` force '' any declaration without being an state first . 
  edit : anyways , we will see how it developes !, 
   france will negotiate with catalonia because if not , the mediterranean corridor could be closed , with a huge economic impact . 
  you are n't wrong . 
  states are n't charity organitzations , they move ( sadly ) by interests and not as much for `` what they consider right '' as they should . 
  the problem for france though , is not if catalonia will refuse to build the corridor , the problem is if spain will finally do so ( btw , corridor mediterranean does n't include madrid ! ) . 
  they are extremely behind on that , something that has already created some tinny arguments between both states . 
  but yes , as i said , states do move by interests , its not a secret . 
   so was japan japan killed politician oposition russia-alike ? 
  japan manipulated elections ? 
   the motion you 're referring to is more a symbolic gesture to maintain their stance as a communist party even though their economic policies are definitely not communist and have n't been for a long time . 
  nor cup really is , yet , this is what the `` conference '' was described as . 
  and no , it was n't symbolic . 
  of course , on reality its more complex than a simple motion , but signing it is a hughe step towards it diplomatically speaking . 
  1 ) kosovo had an armed situation 2 ) do you really think it wouldnt be accepted being 60-40 ? 
  3 ) catalonia 's governament keeps saying they are willing to negotiate the percentage if spain supports the referendum ( \u00a8 so it can be a min of a 51 % , 60 % , 70 % ... ) 4 ) i know and agree on what you think , i ** wish ** everyonw added their 5 cents so we knew as much as possible what people thinks , but ... what if about people that didnt vote on brexit wanted to stay inside eu ? 
  this is aplicable to any referendum/election . 
  you ca n't make someone vote if he/she does n't want to . 
  5 ) lots have already done so, 
  do n't we have san marino ? 
  why not ? 
  catalonia 's governament still keeps the door open to pact with spain percentages , questions , etc if they support the referendum . 
  yet , they sadly dont even wan na hear about it . 
  nazi ? 
  de az\u00faa said talibans !, 
  ku klux klan ? 
  yes !, 
  listen to the troll !, 
  we , nationalists , build a human tower in order to enter houses thru windows !, 
  doors are so 2015 . 
  edit : rainymeadow is a troll , i 'd recomend you to not waste time with him :p, 
  all hail the [ 3000 years old spanish nation !, 
  ] ( http://www.vozpopuli.com/actualidad/nacional/esperanza_aguirre-cataluna-jose_ignacio_wert_0_525247491.html ) now i 'll go back to getting indoctrinated !, 
   like spain does if it was for spain , they would n't be recognized . 
  they are recognized because if it wasnt for the support of those regions ( among others ) , transition would had failed . 
  man . . yall seem to think our economy is bigger than whole us 's one !, 
  `` you do n't ask for rights , you take them '' , 
  puigdemont , said on aljazzera talk , that an udi will only be done if spain blocks the referendum by force . 
  they want ti hold a referendum . 
  this is just a `` what if '' answer, 
  nope , it has mostly defended a referendum ( and still does ) . 
  maybe [ that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/669wdy/catalonia_to_declare_independence_if_spain_blocks/dggywfq/ ) ? 
  if polls are to be belived , turn out will be between 70-80 % , if that 's a low turn out ... 
  often , intern-polictis and exterior ones do n't coincide on superpower states . 
  i doubt china does stuff without thinking it twice , yet , they signed the motion on mexico 's * partido del trabajo * conference , all together with arround 30 other comunist parties . 
  they will know why they do so , neither you nor me really know the thinkings that led them to it . 
  maybe because they have been ruled by the same party for 50 years ? 
  maybe because of its lack of freedom ? 
  ( europe-compared ) actually , botswana is kinda close to russia on getting rid of political rivals , just ask gomolemo motswaledi . 
  well ... ca n't now . 
  or ... maybe its because of the reports of [ media harrasment ] ( http://www.enca.com/botswana-journalist-accuses-government-repression-after-fleeing ) ? 
  there are even reports of election manipulations ... 
  once the moment arrives they will probably stick with a referendum as a `` win-win '' for both sides . 
  europe is divided on that to be honest . 
  parliments like switzerland or denmark , have shown direct support . 
  parties/groups like alde , die linke , etc have done the same too , and spanish political trials do n't help to improve theit view . 
  also , note that this would of course depend on how its done . 
  russia did show itself really close to catalonia . 
  yet , catalonia 's governament tried to dodge the effect of russia as possible , because for a mostly pro-eu region , its not what they need . 
  heck , even rt has been friendly !, 
  i 'm personally against the eu , but still would n't want to get close to russia unless it was a forced thing . 
  and i 'm sure about china being smart , their move was n't random for sure , but being a motion signed in a comunist conference holded by mexican 's * partido del trabajo * , my ( which doesnt have to be true !, 
  just my guess ) explanation is them seeing catalonia as a possible ideology-friendly future ally . 
  but i 'd rather not enter on here !, 
   national government would take control of catalonia , suspending the autonomous community , so yes , it would be an spanish matter . 
  nor only it desnt have effectives to do so ( acording to spain 's ex-general ) but once international community has took sides into the political argument , there 's only one possible answer : dialogue . 
  well , unless spain was china , russia or the us , but ... 
  yeah , botswana is a better democracy than half europe btw , if you wan na argue about that you can do it with venice comission/oscde leaderd , i dont do their reports . 
  if you arent recognized ( which i personally doubt that would happen ) , yoh would defend yourself as an state but not be really independent . 
  if you are semi/fully recognized you do work as one . 
  maybe with some trojble , but you work as one, 
  that letter written by presures ? 
  it doesnt even adress catalonia `` s independence meanwhile the other does . 
  anyways , i see ic as adaptive , so it depends on how everything is done . 
  they would if international community did n't interfer . 
  yet , this wouldnt happen ( some countties for good and some for bad ) . 
  do you see spain facing russia ? 
  ( who has been extremelly keep with catalonia . 
  in order to screw europe , but it has been ) . 
  if a udi is done , either there 's no recognizment ( as south ossieta ) , which i extremelly doubt , or there 's semi/full recognizment , a situation that wouldnt let spain do so . 
  edit : their best card is fear , but this works before the referendum/udi , not after, 
  out of the eu ? 
  wait , does that mean that spain will recognize us ? 
  because europe ca n't kick a region part of one of its state members ... hey !, 
  if even spain recognizes us we got it all done !,
