  would brits had suported westminster if they did so ? 
  i doubt it . 
  yet , in spain , it has given those parties more votes , so why would they support a referendum ? 
  as stated in other comments , bar\u00e7a , since its foundation , has been `` more thsn a club '' ( hence their slogan ) . 
  in catalonia , they hsve been part of society , since political catalanism , a movement they joined . 
  why would they stay out from one of catalonia 's most decisive history moment ? 
  of the result and therefore encouraging other regions to follow the same path . 
  that guy up there ( that you replied to ) is a troll that goes out of the bridge any time `` catalonia '' or anything related to it is mentioned to bitch arround , i would n't waste my time with him, 
  as i said , bar\u00e7a has been part from political catalanism since the club was founded . 
  heck , in 1918 ( to not talk about the present ) , they were a hughe help for catalonia 's * lliba regionalista * and our * mancomunitat * to aprove catalonia 's 1919 estatut . 
  you may or may not like it , but it was built that way , and we , catalans , apreciate them being so . 
   but it 's just a football club a bad fan you are if you say that ... bar\u00e7a has never been just a football club : since its foundation it has become a part of political catalanism , till a point on which its slogan is literally * m\u00e9s que un club * ( more than a club ) . 
  and btw , it hasnt supported independence ( nor it should ) , it has supported a referendum , which is extremelly different . 
  bar\u00e7a 's suport for a referendum , may seem silly to you , but on here ( both catalonia and spain ) , its as good as when die linke officially suported the referendum ~ last month . 
  they have n't supported independence , they supported a referendum as a democratic exit so both sides can decide, 
  because its one of the most important ( if not the most important ) football clubs in the world and apart from that is a huuuuuuughe influence in catalonia 's culture ? 
  [ 45 mins ago ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-39830447 ) . 
  check before posting ? 
  well , those ultras ( bar\u00e7a had some like 10 years ago too , just not neonazi ) are violent more likely by football only i belive ( i 'm not a football junkie so correct me if wrong ! ) . 
  but yeah , it depends in how its done i guess, 
  violent ? 
  not for catalonia 's independence . 
  catalonia 's independence can have lots of * contras * , but violence is definitely not one , and it has been proved over and over . 
  also , note , that fcb , has been into politics since political catalanism ( during xixth century nationalisms in spain ) . 
  but yes , as you said , there are other examples such as celta, 
  well , acording to polls , an 80 % of catalans want a referendum ( with both yes and no ideologies ) , so its a huge minortiy , which on a political spectrum is friendly to pp party circle . 
  its often said ( of course , we cant generalize it ) that they are more pro real madrid than fcb . 
  both of those clubs have an historic rivality , but i never heard anyone against bar\u00e7a 's cultural identity : i mean , as i said its nothing new but something that has allways been there , so its something everyone is used to . 
  those that dont want a referendum , wont like fcb 's inscription into the * pacte nacional pel refer\u00e8ndum * , as they did n't like it when some die linke members joined it toi , but since nothing is said by this people when bar\u00e7a enters politics asking catalonia 's governament to help with refugee crisis or other , less confronted political responsibilities , i 'd say that they sre okay with bar\u00e7a 's participation on a regular basis . 
  oportune name sweetheart , oportune name, 
  oh , nice to know !, 
  just thought i 'd explain since it sometimes seems odd to foreigns . 
  but heck !, 
  they even use our * senyera * everywhere !, 
  their logo , their t-shirts , the grades ... 
  they have been part of political catalanism since the club was founded , its not that we dragged them now . 
  do you think their slogan being * m\u00e9s que un club * ( more than a club ) is a casuality ? 
  fcb has been involved on them ( catalan ones ) since it was founded . 
  it has never worked as a mere football club here , hence their saying * m\u00e9s que un club * ( more than a club ), 
  this doesnt change what happened , 
  well , today , spanish governament already started its * fear politics * on companies that sold stuff for the referendum to the generalitat . 
  our mhp carles puigdemont should announce the referendum date later this month , so if you keep your eyes arround there will be important news soon : at catalan , spanish and at last on a wider level . 
  this isnt a fashion thing , my friend , this goes of democracy , and polls noadays show the highest participation intention ever polled , so its pretty popular, 
  look !, 
  the guy that called all catalans xenophobics two days ago !, 
  smells neutrality . 
  being prodemocracy ( pro people 's voice ) isnt being independentist , on a referendum you can vote both yes and no, 
  sheez , they just took two gap ye ... 
  centuries, 
  im gon na yell at you !, 
  you should know all gaud\u00ed 's buildings !, 
  and . . its ... not ... because ... 
  i. . . have ... a. . . crush ... on his builings ... but seriously , its actually well known , if you come to barcelona it will be allways full as a `` free ferraris day '', 
  think its pretty well known ... 
  its an expiatory themple ... its suposed to be built merely by donations, 
  its not a gothic building ... 
  it was just a joke they did , do n't think too far !, 
  [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/mossos/status/860099913090310145?s=09 ) the twitter post from their official account with the picture, 
  i dont mean ill as a headache but as serious things such as cancer ( just an example ), 
  i also said nuts because is the name that european union divides its regions as ( nuts 1 , 2 , 3 ... ) . 
  those have a shit ton of names : from siple regions to autonomus comunities , from counties to * comarques * ... 
  the enviroment we grow up is deciding till this enviroment changes . 
  im not judging past , but if you are still racist nowadays ( imagine we are on an utopic non-racist society ) its not a problem of the society but yours . 
  i 'm sorry , but if your logic was true , new generations would be as racist ( hipotetical ) as last ones , and therefore there would be no progress . 
  its people who has to step down and say enough . 
  there 's no other way . 
  and what you are doing is trying to justify racism . 
  and what did i say ? 
  smh, 
  if you are hurt , had an accident , etc. 
  not if you are ill and need a threatement, 
  why opt for maternity leave and not paternity too ? 
  and so does people on countrues where they have free sanity . 
  yet , what happens in the us , that a med tells you your relative is dead ( because not being able to afford the costs ) , here is extremelly rare . 
  and for german l\u00e4nder ( hai grammar nazi !, 
  ) , or other nuts regions . 
  yet , a division by states seems more logic . 
  growing up on a racist era is no excuse to be racist, 
  its not spain 's , its eu , an organitzation that has ** already ** paid for the corridor , meanwhile spain spends the money on other stuff, 
  from my visits there ( if you ever go , there 's an amazing restaurant called * cal cofa * ) , its likt the rest of rural catalonia , the majority speaks catalan . 
  as a portuguese peep . 
  this `` newspaper '' is nothing more than a pseudofranquist source , which quotes an study from an unknown organitzation that smells as nationalist as le pen . 
  catalonia , on a general basis , ( there are idiots everywhere ) has no positive/negative views of the inhabitants of any country . 
  they may have them about the governamemts but not about people . 
  i know that you dont have arguments , but ** have some fucking decncy and dont make demagogy from people that 's suffering as much as refugees are ** . 
  btw , catalonia has been historically a region of migrations , and one of biggest ones was feom south spaniards . 
  and to think that your vote counts as much as mine ... 
  like being the most mobilized european region for welcoming refugees ? 
  here we go with the pseudofranquist source again . 
  shameless liars like you is exactly why i 'm proindependence, 
  all of them are relative , im aware , but a 10 % doesnt jump to a 30 % with another source ( which would still be really bad ) . 
  small percentage would be like a 10 % or so, 
  catalonia more likely . 
  spain 's ( psoe , podemos hasnt done it ) main leftist part has done it . 
  yet in catalonia , even a sub party of this group wouldnt even try to . 
  its a pretty different political spectrum , especially nowadays that there 's independence discussion . 
  i do . 
  maybe your left has , the one here i can assure you that hasnt, 
  [ small ? 
  switzerland !,
