  of course , it wont be recognized * in so facto '' , its not an easy thing to do , and we are aware of it , but all those support shows paint a majority ( if its fone peacefully and democratically ) , which is something really positive for us ( also note that spain , according to what their foreign minister maragallo said last month , has been asking for a lot of favours to silence supports/speak against independence ) . 
   a catalan independence would send separatist shockwaves through the eu yes and no . 
  yes , it will , as scotland would had done , but catalonia has already had great effects on basque country and corsica in order for them to leave armed way . 
  even kurdistan is kind of looking at catalonia . 
  also , catalonia if the leading region on prorefugees demonstrations , and it has an spectrum on which 135/135 mps support welcoming refugees . 
  would they prefer catalonia to stay with spain ? 
  absolutely . 
  will they not opt for a democratic exit on which all catalans can express their wish and at the same time support to stay ? 
  honestly doubt they will risk to promote armed `` liberation '' groups on different countries ( although ofc , some countries will take time for it ) also , note that catalan independentism isnt an identitary , xenophobic one as in other reasons , but an open and inclusive one . 
   not to mention that only half of the region ( at most ) actually desires independence . 
  if there was a way to sort out who thinks what and then decide up from there ... oh , wait !, 
  its what we defend , a referendum !, 
  do you know what all polls agree on ? 
  that an 80 % of catalans desire a referendum no matter their view on independence . 
  i can assure you that they wo n't get past september 2017 without a referendum/udi ( in case spain uses force ) . 
  not having happened yet does n't mean it ca n't happen . 
  there has been no independence movement in whole history that has had catalonia 's situation and acted as it , so there are no possible comparations . 
   that would not go down well with the rest of europe . 
  actually , europe has shown lot of supports ( sich as the german die linke ) , especially against spanish political trials , even epp members on this one . 
  note that catalonia is beeing seen as an example for other regions to achieve independence thru peace ( such as basque country and corsica ) , so it is pretty possitibe . 
  what ? 
  pass transition laws on our parliment ( which would work as a udi ) , force international community to step in , and then celebrate a referendum, 
  and no one knew about the audio , which ** is ** the news, 
   or what ? 
  leave spain ? 
  are you seriously considering that ? 
  why not ? 
  i ca n't think if a reason not to . 
  well , yes , netflix . 
  and this being the only reason is really sad . 
  and bitch all you want , but all you do is show ignorance on catalan-spanish relations, 
  you should hit up the * eixample * design history . 
  its architect planned to make it extremelly green ( you will like it !, 
  ) , but capitalism go in middle and ... well , ended up different lol, 
  sadly yes, 
  that 's not catalan flag but catalan independence one ... 
   am i the only one who thinks that catalan flag is kinda shit ? 
  the one with the white star in the corner i mean ( the simple lined one is okay ) . 
  `` the simple lined one '' is catalan flag . 
  the start one ( estelada ) , is indpendentist flag only . 
  and actually ( official one ) has a really interesting history behind, 
   ridiculous statement . 
  countries can share similar cultural interests while wanting to be politically separate . 
  actually its not only ridiculous but fake too lol  public schools give most classes in catalan , including to those children who speak spanish as their mother tongue . 
  spanish constitutionsl court forced us to give them in spanish if a family asked it . 
  and so we did . 
  30 families asked it in whole catalonia lol . 
  spqnish nation is 3000 years old , ask rajoy !, 
  fraternity and such . . 
  its written by former scc president ( a far right organitzation against independence ) . 
  why ask for much ? 
  how about you visit spain ? 
  more people supports supressing autonomies than being federal nowadays, 
  lol at luxemburg, 
  [ easy way to convince them ] ( https://youtu.be/quilvqo_ruk ), 
  what i mean is that most go to other beaches lol . 
  we will . 
  this september . 
  this month we are giving madrid the last chance to start a negotiation before we pass transition laws . 
  edit : the 22th , puigdemont and junqueres announced it today, 
  we simply left xvth century, 
  barcelona has a nice beach ? 
  only tourists go there lol . 
  from ? 
  idk . 
  amancio ortega 's bucket . 
  spanish king ( and family ) is declared * persona non grata * in half catalonia , so you can guess lol, 
  lol, 
  olivenza in english lol, 
  it has a few changes , such as italy and north catalonia, 
  olivenza !, 
  those exist only on fake maps . 
  benelux is a borders-free state, 
  with those politicians that call women `` less smart , weaker and should earn less '' ? 
  what are those borders on benelux ? 
  why not change its economy instead ? 
  spain : where people that wants to leave ca n't leave and where people that does n't want to join must join . 
  but well . . [ they do n't lie at least ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y53vcgq.jpg ), 
  in my point of view , i ca n't support an union that doesnt at least threat to kick members that do n't respect human rights ( refugees asylum , [ tortures ] ( http://m.publico.es/politica/1898345/espana-ha-vivido-desde-2004-mas-de-6600-casos-de-tortura-o-malos-tratos-policiales ) ... ) . 
  its not a matter of sovereignity but how i view it ( for me ) . 
  edit : i guess some people does n't stand other points of view, 
   churchill distrusted the soviets more than the americans did yet they considered the urss role biggest than the us 's . 
  it was n't till us 's influence when this changed . 
  you are giving me the reason ... anyways , have fun , not gon na argue about american imperialism existing or not existing . 
  i have more interesting things to do like ya know ... snails races, 
  to str\u00e7art by , they never were allies . 
  they colaborated on the war , but were n't allied to each other . 
  and cold war , is the perfect example of american imperialism being implemented on the old continent lol, 
  those mountains remind me of montserrat mountain in catalonia, 
  idk , this sounds extremelly odd . 
  almost everyone here would say russia . 
  and i 'd say it has more to do with american imperialism than poor education . 
  but its really dumb . 
  i mean , you may or might not like urss , but who ( europeans ) doesnt know that russians took berlin ? 
  that 's the europe album made by europe swedish group ? 
  i didnt knew there were subclasses of europeans !, 
  have fun electing btw right wing alt right !, 
  tell that to ukranians, 
  freedom of speech ends where other people 's human rights start . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with the newspaper , but discriminating someone for its religion ( for example ) is n't freedom of speech but a human rights violation .
