  sure , reddit devs were borred and deleted it . 
  man , deleted commensts still show . 
  and not only that , they still show last edition time ( delete time ), 
  sure lol , that 's why you even deleted last comment, 
  as i said , slavity was part of law . 
  hitting your wife is part of law in some countries too , that does n't mean its right . 
  you can fight for freedom or opresive laws . 
  its your shot , but im clear on what i want . 
  that * you are corrupt * argument is n't something i 'll use , i can assure you . 
  spain as a whole had thosw problems , and i 'll fight for an independent court that investigates it ( not spain 's then ) , no matter if its in berga or burgos . 
  an eu decision ? 
  what ? 
  to not send refugees into catalonia ? 
  it was a decision of spain 's goveenament , who has 1 ) the money granted by the eu and 2 ) the logistic power . 
  germany has granted refuges to a 150 % of their quota . 
  i dont belive on quotas but ddhh , but if there 's someone to blame its those that have n't , not germany . 
  and ? 
  demonstrations are really pretty ( buggest prorefuges one was in bcn btw ) , voting politics that act for it is a whole different . 
  btw , madrid 's one was before last one . 
  barcelona 's first prorefuges manifestation was in the first * dramatic * month of the crisis , and was hold by ammesty catalonia . 
  there have been lots of others , even one that connected all europe 's main cities , with berlin and barcelona as centres . 
  if you scroll up , you will see that i come d 6600 tortures in spain , without execptions . 
  the difference , is that tarajal granted policemans better salaries , meanwhile ciutat morta , in barcelona , granted jail to the responsibles . 
  the problem , though , is that ruling governament defendes tarajal actions ( and keeps doing it ) . 
  so leave the demagogy part , thanks . 
  really ? 
  if there wasnt fear the transition wouldnt had only granted plenty of rights lost with civil war but also would had been open . 
  it being as close as it was os the perfect example of how it was all done with fear from another coup ( in fact there was one test ) . 
  heck , you just need to see juan carlos taking crown possesiong to see the fear on his face . 
  anyways , i 'm not gon na argue about a constitution that has to be respected by some but which the main governament can ignore . 
  really ? 
  gambia has has a pseudodictatorship , which ended on some elections voted by people , reeeally young people , exactly like baby boom generation in spain . 
  the eu incentive in spain , is what african union is for gambian . 
  they have a shiton of paralelisms . 
  and since you like to quote [ ohchr ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/professionalinterest/pages/ccpr.aspx ) ... 
  umm ... fuck no . 
  this term appeared in the 50-60 's , and becane popular in the 70 's , and it did due to civil war/ww2 facts . 
  heck , we even named a regional tv show after poland due to that . 
  now if you want to lie , go lie to the lingustics that have studied it , not me . 
  well , have fun defending to make others learn your language but not you learning others . 
  ignore human rights ? 
  human rights * the 6600 tortures in 10 years that ai denounced * , are being ignored thanks to popular party and ciudadanos . 
  the proreferendum forces have been the first ones to go against this ( all together with psoe on that ) , so please do n't talk about human rights . 
  your lovely country is letting refugees die because not wanting to accept them , when catalonia has even asked the eu to ignore procedures and send refuges inmediately . 
  so do n't talk about human rights . 
   keeps us from voting to kill one person idk what 's worth , your missinformation on human rights or your demagogy . 
  that 's protected by human rights sweetheart , something that catalonia has been extremely cautious with its independence process . 
  not only the constitution does n't define what it underestands by spanish nation , which could be a part only , but this * nation * , has changed its `` range '' more times in history than me of clothes . 
  anyways , members from all ep parties have shown support for our referendum now , its just a matter of time to aprove transition laws and then make international comunity to step in . 
  lmao , you direct me to wikipedia ? 
  does it also have the video on which leaders addmited that they would n't do a monarchy referendum because they lost it on polls ? 
  impossible ? 
  it was impossible in gambia and it would now be a dictatorship if it was n't thanks to ghana . 
  you are n't arguing with me now , you are argung with what alfonso de guerra or lots of others mps have addmited years later . 
  do you know who has law too ? 
  arabia saudi . 
  hence why lawlaw is n't equal to democracy . 
  `` cuban city '' lol btw , nice way to avoid the question, 
  you simply keep being an hypocrite . 
  if you want them to learn spanish if they go to madrid , you should want spaniards that go to basque country to learn basque too . 
   they already know the oficial language erm ... nope . 
  basque has a higher status in b.country than spanish , and same for catalan ( and even aranes ) in catalonia , and ** all ** of them are official . 
  i perfectlt know what you mean , but my statement stays the same . 
  btw , wouls you move to the us and not learn english ? 
  because there 's no official language ... 
  there 's none . 
  you are just being hypocrital . 
  you whine about people coming to your home and not bothering to learn your language but then defend spaniards to not learn native languages from the mentioned regions if they move there kwhich btw are official languages too ) p.s. 
  with those downvotes you proved what i meant, 
  1 ) war ended in 1918 , only the threaty was in 1919 2 ) it did n't work like that . 
  the * caciques * , left their territories for farmers to farm them . 
  then , the farmer took a part of the production ( whichever it was ) , and the rest was for the * cacique * to sell . 
  btw , one of the main reasons of how jews were seen as how they were in iiww , was that people thought they didnt contribute enough . 
  non-jew rich people , is believed to had actuvely contributed a lot . 
  anyways , rich people is ( and was ) an small minority , the country was literally destroyed and broke by then . 
  sure . 
  with a destroyed country , an astronomic debt , and a peace threaty that humiliated them they were going to pay more ... btw , spain had * caciquismo * , and people who worked for * caciques * was mainly paid with food, 
  that 's why i say it . 
  if we were selling it we did have enough food level to keep going , so therefore i supose we had a normal food level . 
  am i wrong ? 
  stolen secrets ? 
  dunno up there , but in catalonia we call this giving people information of what their leaders do . 
  anyways , wikileaks apart , and seriously speaking , the us has a one sided view , meanwhile europe has a wide variety of them ( note : not all countries . 
  spain has a one-sided view media too in lots of topics ), 
  well , i guess if its urkanian could be debated now :p did n't tend to debate it , just did n't knew kiev and sevastopol had an special stautus . 
  thx for the answer anyways !, 
  whatever . 
  it has way more than enough ties with fascist organitzations , plus its fascist foundation . 
  in germany , if a party did what pp has done with franquism i can assure you there would be no devate on whether its a fascist party or not, 
  touch\u00e9 then !, 
  sebastopol though ? 
  lol . 
  democracy is when * cracy * is for the * demos * . 
  if it was because of law , black people would be slaves still . 
  if it was because of law , mandela and ghandi would be as evil as hitler . 
  if it was because of law , women would n't be able to vote . 
  if it was because of law , you could ( and can ) hit your women in russia and not go to jail . 
  btw , you ca n't judge a constitution aproved when there was the risk of a military coup that would have returned fascism . 
  people would had even prefered saudi arabia regime . 
  heck , even comunist party voted alltogether with pp ...
