  and with all due respect , ignoring the problems of european union , is more negative than a brexit, 
  nope , but i do n't really belive voting far right parties such as the one that yesterday had a polish member in the ep saying that women are `` smaller , weaker and less smart '' does n't exactly contribute to the proeuropean vision . 
  well , it does n't help my view of eu !, 
  it will be war reparations plus the interests !, 
  not at any price , not at any price, 
  define proeuropean : proeuropean right wing which at the same time is exclusive or left wing , welcoming proeuropean candidates ? 
  the second most important union ? 
  good luck with that lol . 
  if they do n't like it they will get pissed and be like `` hey !, 
  hide that from me , i 'd rather not know it ! '', 
  balearic islands separatism does have pro-catalan sectors and parties . 
  it remembers me of this building in banyoles : https://www.google.es/search?q=banyoles+casa+enamorats&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;prmd=imvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj82s--rldsahwbchqkhuu9bukq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=560#tbm=isch&amp;q=banyoles+llac&amp;*&amp;imgdii=xauj4sn5j8wcum:&amp;imgrc=_-2c8s9jbtpdhm:, 
  you got that wrong , its clearly nikola tesla, 
  i bet that 's an idea from kleenex in order to ... you know ... sell more to singles !, 
  there are loooooots of languages missing, 
  actually , acording to spanish lawyers the 155 article does n't supress autonomy , just temporally makes it a subject ( as its suposed to be ) to the central governament . 
  but anyways , if they did that they would do if after catalan parliment aproved its so called transition laws , which are literally an unilateral declaration of independence , on which , catalan politics work on the hipotesis that international community would have to step in . 
  great work , but in catalan there 's an small typo :p should be `` gall d'indi '' instead, 
  the demonstration was in barcelonaonly , but organized in catalonia , not the city only , so your argument is nonsensless again . 
  and disagree ? 
  disagree on what ? 
  its a fact , if x persons assist to a demonstration on a tinny town which was organized only-and-for for that town and there 's a demonstration organized all over uk that counts with the same number of assistants the second one will be a failure comapred to first one , making first one a lot more relevant . 
  erm ... no , what you are saying is dumb . 
  biggest european prorefuges demonstration was one organized across europe 's biggest cities in 2016 ( barcelona and madrid for spain ) . 
  that was a manifestation within milions and milions because it was made all over europe ( from london to prague , from rome to stokholm ) , but it was aimed at a lot of population . 
  this weeks one , was organized by and for catalan ngos only ( which means oxfam international had nothing to do with it but yes oxfam intermon catalunya ) , a 7milion inhabitants rank on which to get assistance from . 
  this one though , had almost half of the assistants that last one ( europe-wide one ) had , making it an extremelly big per capita assistance . 
  you may like it or not , but its extremelly important for those ngos and lots of governments . 
  what is more important : a demonstration with 200-500k of people on a 46 milion inhabitants region or 200-500k people on a 7milion region ? 
  that 's the dead , to show how hughe it was . 
  there have been faaaar more requests than the ones that have been attended, 
  but back in my times stuff was better !, 
  soo ... my money is going to a us2 .0 ? 
  with that i mean that it had ( the demonstration ) a huge exit considering its range of action . 
  actually , the biggest one i 've seen on the whole refugees crisis . 
  oxfam and amnesty are prohuman rights no mattr which subdivision it is . 
  do n't put words on my mouth that i did n't say please . 
  i said that because catalonia is a 7milion inhabitans region , which makes it quite more important than for example if 1 milion of people did it in germany ( per capita participation ) . 
  oxfam , such as amnesty international or others ngos have an spanish `` division '' ( or however each country 's ngo from those international-wide ones are called ) do also have a separate ngo for catalonia , so what i mean is that neither those ngo 's acted at spanish level, 
  migrants and refugees are n't the same , every country can create its own policy for migrants ( which sadly includes those kick-outs ) , not for refugees though , since those are backed by human rights, 
  if santige came to spain he would miss swizz politics in matter of hours !, 
  europe , as you said earlier , is facing a nationalisms wave ( some negative and some positive ) which will hit europe hard unless it changes how it adresses them ( to a restrictive policy or a self-determiation-friendly one , idk ) besides doing anything possible to ignore them as nowadays . 
  doubt schulz would work for that . 
  lol , youhear that quite often with catalan over here . 
  ca n't even imagine how often you may hear it with valencian in valencia :p, 
  lol !, 
  lithuania was quite a big ass for an european country tho , 
  island germany ? 
  thought your islands were the balearic ones !, 
  now they will feel left out !, 
  lol , good one haha, 
  i 'm not arguing about whhy they could n't crhistianize ( nor really invade ) morroco , just tsalking about your desafortunate goa comment . 
  it referst to south central asia , a region which would took half of actually china and ignore half of india . 
  india was officially born in 1947 , and the deomination was born thanks to brittish emire ( apart from all what they did to that region 's cititzens ) . 
  hey !, 
  that 's nothing bad !, 
  you should actually be glad to live in a state that has been able to unite as many cultures as india has . 
  this would had been impossible in rest of the world !, 
  we were , but you are acusing spaniards and portuguesse people from an inquisiton in india , when spaniards did n't even pop up over there and portuguese people went to goa only . 
  india is refers to a political region only , it has n't existed during 2000 years . 
  or do you think that in 1450 bahamis cititzens said `` yo !, 
  i 'm not from bhamis , i 'm from india '' . 
  and orisa ones ? 
  i know , but they just acted over there , so it affected goa people , not indian one ( which did n't even exist by then ) . 
  anyways , as i said , if you have to say this say it about britts . 
  and btw , colonial crimes are past ; by then , any civilitzation would have done the same : from aztec to ming , from ethiopia to bahamis . 
  unrecognized state ? 
  woah !, 
  i did n't knew we declared independence . 
  and no , i 'm talking about facts , you are just hate-talking , as you probed earlier on a comment , which denoted how much of a neutral you were on kosovo/serbia stuff . 
  anyways , you are blocked . 
  you seem too butthurt with kosovo that you just spread prejudices . 
  worthless to talk to someone like you !, 
  original cyprus is the first one that wants the reunification , they would so recognize kosovo for it . 
  not on political nor jurisdictional point of view , especially mixing it up with vassalitzation concept . 
  kosovo is independent acording to international law ( argue with the hague if you do n't agree , not me ) . 
  daesh ( not isis ) , instead , is n't recognized by anyone nor is backed by international law , so it does n't work either . 
  you have mentioned non-real examples , that 's nonsensless . 
  wait , now free cities from the hre were vassals ? 
  all hre members were free and sovereign members till the hre foundation got closer . 
  then , those became vassals , but losing its sovereignity with it . 
  the plantagenet house ? 
  for god 's shake , those did n't even share the same dinasty . 
  and no , those houses were sovereign houses slowly ceding sovereignity , not vassals at any time . 
  acording to oxford dictionary , an vassal is : `` a person or country in a subordinate position to another '' . 
  `` de jure vassal '' , which you mentioned , is a feature from knights crusade , not an historical fact . 
  de jure is a law-aspect which on politics it would be equivalent to napoleon placing relatives on some of the thrones as rulers when he was the real ruler . 
  that 's not a vassal though , since we are talking about non-aligned countries but for dynasty . 
  we would , if napoleon was able to send direct orders , but its relatives ( note all were n't like that ) were sovereign - . 
  that has nothing to do with it then . . its like saying ( and forgive me for the exageration ) that spain is a republic because in 1936 its cititzens choosed so . 
  serbia has been recognized as a candidate ( 2011 ) , but has n't started negocictions , koovo has been promised more agility to join ( which does n't mean be able to ) but instead has started negociations , which makes him closer than serbia ( requirements apart ) . 
  serbia wouldnt veto it because to start by it would n't be in eu . 
  spain says so because of catalonia . 
  spain 's pp is so full of shit , not only said this too with the balkan republics but will have soon change its speech due to catalan process ( no matter how it ends it will ) . 
  btw , if spain did n't chage its speech it will eventually go bankrupt this year acording to moody 's . 
  do you really belive that main eu countries will prefer a russia-backed country like serbia ( the reason why un does n't recognize kosovo ) on the situation that eu finds itself after trump got its presidency on the us ? 
  i 'm not saying that it would be accepted , i 'm saying that serbia has the same or less oportunities ( from a political point of view , especially due to russia ) , and that spain wo n't be a problem . 
  also , greece may recognize kosovo now that serbia recognizes macedonia , which was an slap on greece . 
  also , by how you talked about kosovo i guess you are serbian . 
  is n't there a rumor about romania recognizing it ?
