so you only want to count movements that were succesful ? 
  that 's like only counting wars that were `` succesful '' . 
  due to that wholly unreasonable view i 'm done with this discussion , also because while you admit you know little about the time period you are still quite happy to draw conclusions from your guesswork . 
  changing people 's mind about things requires them to at some level * want * to change . 
  and for people to * want * to refuse to listen to those who still advocate violence . 
  no one but the individual can really truly make that change . 
  so unless a person wants to change that person will carry on the same until that person dies . 
  guerilla warfare aka terrorism is totally nothing new . 
  that was how many jewish extremists operated up until 70ce . 
  that was one of the main things i took away from the book i read , i was surprised to find how similar the methods were then and now . 
  still , i would n't be surprised if guerilla warfare is even older than that . 
  i do agree with the latter part though , to do the same destruction as 1 bomb today would have taken a lot of manpower in the past . 
  but i also disagree that movements like view mihn could n't have been arranged in the past . 
  i really think you should read more historical biographies , they 're very enlightening . 
  interesting side note : did you know that the romans once used to fund the jewish groups who later on became terrorists ? 
  they were known to be unpleasant charachters , nevertheless they got certain work done for the romans ... again here history is repeating itself . 
  you 'll really enjoy those sections then . 
  josephus was a military commander so i guess he would know quite well what he was writing about with strategy and such . 
  although he does go on a bit and inflate his own courage , as well as that he likes to inflate the numbers at times ( numbers of dead , numbers of soldiers etc ) . 
  guess he 's of the school that think no harm in adding some additional flavour to an already interesting story , but overall his writings are informative . 
  i actually think that although these people have genuine grievances it gets worse when their belief is that god is on their side . 
  the jews believed that god was with them and that made them think that they were better than other people but also that they would totally win against the romans . 
  similarly i think muslim fundamentalists also have an inflated view of themselves which in their mind justifies their actions but also assures them of victory against impossible odds . 
  so they 'll just continue until there 's lots of death . 
  i actually reckon it 's going to go very much the same way as it did back in roman times when the jews became more and more radicalized until the point that they angered the romans beyond reconciliaton . 
  basically the jews ended up being completely beat down , their cities destroyed and their people dead so there were n't really any of them left to complain about it anyways . 
  even expat jews ( there were large jewish populations living in other parts of the roman empire than the region of judea ) were either killed or moved on with their lives . 
  the jews lost , what else could the survivors do than to accept that rising against rome is pointless and that they 'd just be better off carrying on with their lives under roman rule ? 
  meaning that your point about getting out of the region afterward , i do n't think there will be much left to get out of . 
  the romans retained their territory after the destruction , i reckon it 's going to be the same again . 
  even if there was n't a lot of people living there anymore after they were done . 
  not so sure expat muslims will face the same future as the expat jews did though . 
  not saying what happened in the past is some kind of prophecy , but history does tend to repeat itself in somewhat similar patterns . 
  i do n't know , even if there were no drone strikes there would still be people angry at the west using their resources . 
  and at the same time , if there were no terrorists could the western politicians justify sending in drones ? 
  basically you got a situation where one guy walks into someone elses home and helps himself to electronics that he likes . 
  obviously the resident will be angry but what 's he gon na do , the other guy is considerably bigger than he is . 
  he now has two options , he can either stand by in protest or fight the thief , but whichever he picks the end result is still the same with his electronics gone . 
  despite him having nothing to gain he attacks the thief and gets a beating and unfortunately his wife and kid got caught in it as well so now the entire family is in pain . 
  the electronics are gone but at least his pride is intact though his face is n't , not to mention the injuries of his wife and kid . 
  clearly the thief is n't very nice but the resident showed a total lack of consideration for how his family would be impacted by his actions . 
  bearing that in mind , surely that lack of consideration would harm the family on more days than one , so even with the thief gone i 'm not so sure that family would have a good time . 
  i think that 's a very simplified view . 
  this is all shades of grey . 
  well there are some really dry portions , josephus does go on a bit about battle formations and strategy etc which i 'm not personally very interested in . 
  so what are the factors in your opinion that escalates these viewpoints ? 
  i read '' [ the jewish war ] ( http://www.amazon.com/jewish-war-revised-penguin-classics/dp/0140444203/ref=la_b001ityq66_1_4?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1449136347&amp;sr=1-4 ) '' by josephus and it was very interesting how the radicalization and terrorist acts of his day mirrors that of today . 
  it was particularly interesting to see how fundamentalist jews brought upon themselves the destruction of their capital but also their countryside ( lots of people died of course ) by continually aggravating the moderate and quite accommodating romans whom they had absolutely zero chance of winning against . 
  for years the romans endured various attacks but made no retribution against the jews as a whole , favoring peaceful co-existence and making allowance for their religion until it came to the point that the romans just had enough . 
  despite some voices among the jews saying that they must make peace , simply because they could n't possibly win against the romans , the rebellion proceeded . 
  in their hubris the jews celebrated victory and even as the romans were winning against them they continued to believe that they had a chance to win until it became painfully evident to them that they were facing crushing defeat . 
  the terrorists died horribly , along with civilians of all ages . 
  what i took away from it was that the main complaint that the radicals had was that the romans dictated how their country was run , which they did to a large extent although the jews had some freedom of decisions . 
  this did n't mean the jews were made to live bad lives in oppression , simply that they were n't their own masters , and apparently this was enough to really enrage some people . 
  also the romans made use of their resources . 
  but all in all , people lived and did business like people normally do and nothing was terrible , daily life was trotting along as it customarily does . 
  with that in mind , i do n't think you can appease the muslim radicalists in any way , because they 're enraged simply because the west has the upper hand . 
  ok fine , maybe the west should n't impose on their oil/resources , but in the end of the day the west is n't making their people starve , they seem to be good at arranging that for themselves . 
  they have this belief that with the west gone they will be better off , but in reality they wo n't , because they will still have problems . 
  i really do n't think you can reason with them . 
  they have an idealistic view of how great it would be if the west were n't there but it 's not like their own governments are all rainbows and unicorns . 
  or what do you think ? 
  i 'm so happy i finished my education ( 18 ) before the recession hit . 
  i got a foothold in the employment market and have a progressing career in accounts . 
  i 'm 26 now , but there was a youth unemployment problem in sweden even when i finished school , which has of course become much worse now . 
  i feel a bit sad when i see people my same age be happy to man tills in supermarkets . 
  the average age of people in cafe 's , mcdonals , etc , has certainly gone up ... 
  true  i think the one on legal purchases of digital media would be interesting to have more specified though . 
  this is the internet after all and we are most interested in the usage of it . 
  i suppose . 
  but maybe 3 is if you 're kind of leaning both ways ( in different instances ) due to the complicated/faceted nature of the issue and thus no opinion/neutral is different ? 
  i think the survey needs amending , if not for this time , then for the next survey . 
  a lot of questions were grade 1-5 and mandatory to answer but is selecting 3 really equal to no opinion/prefer not to answer ? 
  if not then that option needs to be added . 
  additionally , on the note of legal purchases of digital media , the options were weekly/occasionally/rarely . 
  would n't it be more accurate to make this weekly/monthly/rarely ? 
  it makes it more clear and specified , how often is occasionally/rarely anyway ? 
  edit : also , the question on ephebophilia is awkward to answer , that depends on the ages of both people involved , not just of the teen person ? 
  what if one is 16 and the other is 20 ... 
  it totally solved the problem last time !, 
  coming soon : reallytrueatheism, 
  a version of arranged pairings are actually practiced sometimes in sweden and other western countries too , even if we do n't call it that . 
  a lady from my hometown was married as a result of one of these arranged meetings , a married couple she knew invited her and the man they thought might suit her for dinner along with some other people . 
  the married couple did n't tell either him or her beforehand of their intentions though , but as it turned out these two got along really well , started dating and were eventually married . 
  without the married couple that got them together they would have never met so they were thankful towards them . 
  it 's not massively common , but sometimes if someone has a good single friend they might want for them to meet someone and enjoy that type of happiness , so they might arrange for them to meet a number of their other single friends of the appropriate gender . 
  these pairing attempts may sometimes result in awkwardness though and may or may not be welcomed . 
  arranged marriages are sort of a more overt form of the usually more subtle western style pairing attempts . 
  you can either look for a partner by yourself or you can get your friends and/or family involved . 
  the methods differ , but the desired end result is the same , ie a happy relationship with a kind and loving person . 
  some people would really benefit from arranged marriages and then i mean in particular people who are notoriously bad at making their own romantic choices . 
  there 's this lady in my hometown ( tidaholm ) , i think she selected 5 men in a row that turned out to be physically abusive , but then there 's other people who make less poor choices but which are still poor . 
  if these people were suggested suitable people to choose from rather than being left to their own devices i think it would be much better . 
  i think we all know of at least one person who tend to choose poorly . 
  as long as they have a choice in the end it 's all fine . 
  personally ( although i have not voted at all ) i thought the title of the post was a bit lame . 
  crime is very much an unknown quantity , there 's always crimes that go under the radar and because of that we are technically always in the dark as to the true statistics . 
  a more appropriate title would perhaps be `` insufficient measures to tackle trafficking being looked over '' or `` efforts made to catch more human traffickers '' or something like that . 
  not really . 
  school inititation ceremonies and/or hazing can be weird at times .
