  it does look like the russians helped the israelis poison him with polonium . 
  and that was before litvinenko !, 
  that al jazeera item about the case was fascinating . 
  russia 's response , attempting to cover it up , likewise . 
  or litvinenko . 
  but anyways , many people simply get beat up too , for having an opinion deemed unpatriotic . 
  personally , i 've felt this way ever since the murder of alexander litvinenko , 8 years ago . 
  so this was all fake , right ? 
  cue the tatcher story from one book ... 
  i always wonder why the brave russians are never brave enough to identify themselves , except in the sky . 
  i think threads like this attract a lot of fanatics . . 
  if it 's about circumcision here in the netherlands the jewish minority usually make themselves heard and the issue dies down again . 
  this has more to with anti-islamism ( and i myself do n't particularly like islam or christianity for that matter ) than it has to do with concern for a child 's wellbeing , i 'm afraid . 
  i do feel differently about genital mutilation in women of course . 
  that has no health benefits . 
  i 'm not offended , apparently this is a mix-up with greece vs. germany anyway . 
  now , can i have my grandfather 's bike back ? 
  :-p and we want sylvie meis back too ... ;-), 
  deal with what ? 
  a collapsing ruble and the coming reintroduction of the bread lines ? 
  putin is a pathetic little wanker with grand delusions of empire . 
  he 's dangerous , but no less pathetic because of it . 
  there 's only one thing more pathetic : the cult of personality surrounding him , and the nadir of that patheticness is the extension of that cult into the west , where people are thought to have brains of their own . 
   i 'd say it 's good germany is keeping respectful relations with russia . 
  at least someone is . 
  jesus christ , you ca n't be serious . 
  really ? 
  seriously ? 
  good relations with an unhinged totalitarian maniac who invades and annexes at will ? 
  who threatens nuclear war ? 
  who has his cronies shoot down a plane , killing 300 innocent people and then has them covering up the crime scene ? 
  putin himself had the fucking audacity to blame ukraine for this act of mass murder . 
  and that 's the man you 're proud of germany for ? 
  the spinelessness in here is just overwhelming . 
  you want to be disappeared ? 
  because that 's how you get disappeared . 
   i know that they 've refused to pay fines resultant from them ignoring eu competition law in order to benefit their domestic businesses when it comes to things like contracts , and nothing was ever done about it . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i 'm interested . 
   the italian constitutional court tries to overrule a decision of the international court in den haag . 
  what are they really claiming anyway ? 
  i do n't get it ... germany and italy were axis allies in wwii . 
  i understand , yet i have two sources from two well-known , respected dutch newspapers that support my argument . 
  so excuse me if i 'm not automatically going to roll over on this one if you expect to see something in an inflation graph that you do n't . 
  to be quite honest , year after year the central bureau of statistics , the cbs , publishes numbers which support the politicians in power and paint a rosy picture wrt purchasing power for example , while each year more and more people come to rely on food banks . 
  are we imagining things ? 
  i do n't so . 
  yes , i think they 'd fudge the numbers in a heartbeat , if it concerned matters that would inflame the public too much . 
  absolutely . 
  the contradictions between the media stories alone beg the question . 
  and how would local issues affect the euro anyway ? 
  the ecb manages these things does it not ? 
  would the economy netherlands alone have the weight to do that if the prices * in certain sectors alone * went up a little ? 
  i 'm talking bars , restaurants and supermarkets , first and foremost . 
  ask him to tell me if he finds one , because i need a job too , okay ? 
  most experts , for example in sweden agree that the frequency and aggressiveness is unlike anything seen in decades , yet people continue to claim that this is business as usual . 
   ridiculously false . 
  where is the inflation spike that should show such an enormous raise in prices ? 
  i appreciate your evaluation of the article as a whole , and i do n't have any hard numbers handy , but in the netherlands everybody remembers the transition to the euro ; first beers were $ 1,10 or something , not much longer it was $ 1,75 and then $ 2,00 , and now we 're up to $ 3,00 almost . 
  most people felt like prices doubled , including me , because the rise from 1 to 2 euro went so incredibly fast . 
  but i ca n't prove it , and maybe i 'm wrong . 
  ha ha ha ha ha ha . 
  yeah right . 
  big american business is going to protect your privacy , ladies and gentlemen . 
  yeah , that 's more or less correct . 
  i have an uncle living on the dutch side . 
  this makes me want to cry . . 
  have you ever seen the documentary `` earth '' ? 
  it 's fantastic ... and narrated by sir patrick stewart . . what more could you want !, 
  i do not know of them funding the vvd , but they funded verdonk ... http://vorige.nrc.nl/binnenland/article1995000.ece/john_de_mol_financier_van_verdonk you should read `` je hebt het niet van mij , maar ... '' by joris luyendijk ... great book for insight into lobbyism in nl , imo . . and politically neutral . 
  beautiful, 
  denial is not a river in egypt , though :p, 
   protesting even when the policy you crusade against is the fault of your lack of competitiveness and innovation is just idiotic . 
  usually it 's rich people with too much political influence shifting more wealth into their own bank accounts , rather than lazy and unimaginative workers . 
  with the proper amount of taxation in the right places , the closure of loopholes , the elimination of crippling student debt , a better social safety net , the elimination of the `` free market '' principle from healthcare and public transport , we 'd have a society less prone to unrest , less violent and more prosperous . 
  that will never happen if we have 500 people with balloons singing songs at the malieveld in the hague , offering some minister a toothless petition . 
  meanwhile , billionaires and millionairs like john de mol and harry mens fund the parties that gives us harsh austerity measures ... 
  i 'm proud of the french for resisting the madness . 
  at least in france they still have the guts to protest austerity . 
  * repeated airspace intrusions in finland , sweden , estonia , lithuania , latvia * underwater intrusions into sweden * hijacking of a lithuanian ship by russian forces * kidnapping of a estonian border guard * illegal annexation of crimea * illegal invasion of ukraine with a large tank regiment and up to 10,000 troops * war crime : murder of 300 plane passengers , interference with the investigation and desecration of the bodies of the victims * intimidation of eu countries and ukraine : `` i can have my troops in warsaw , talinn , bucharest and kiev in two days '' * intimidation of khazakhstan ( `` not a real state '' ) and customs union partner countries * repeated nuclear threats * domestic repression , leader glorification * `` frozen conflict '' in south ossetia * assassination of and violence against journalists , show trials for dissidents and activists , deportations and disappearances * assassination of alexander litvinenko with radioactive polonium , in the middle of london . 
  * abnormal term length and consolidation of power for putin * energy blackmail have you been following the news the past ten years ? 
  we are up shit 's creek . 
   they do n't want to conquer europe or something , just get back the russian-speaking parts of their former empire that yeltsin gave up 20 years ago . 
  you fail to understand that taking land from sovereign nations by force is completely unacceptable . 
  it 's amazing how you reason . 
   but life in moscow is not so bad . 
  it is not democratic , but still not so bad this statement worries me . 
  and frankly , i think the coming conflict with russia will mean the end of humanity . 
   this is is highly paranoid , really like a local version of / r/politics ( `` fascism . 
  coming ! '' ), 
  kind of bull . 
  i wonder if people in russia who predicted what was coming were ridiculed in the same way . 
  false dilemma . 
  i agree , the article is paywalled . 
  certainly not . 
  i argued quite normally , and conclusively , against your false equivalency , and i 'm not going to repeat myself because you pretend to be in denial . 
  the other responses to you outline the arguments . 
  refusal to accept facts , logic and evidence . 
  denial and whataboutism . 
  false equivalences .
