   we ca n't get dragged back into a `` defend europe '' situation we and you are bound by article 5 , unless you get out of nato . 
  obama recently promised he would protect the baltic states at all cost , meaning he is partially if not fully reversing his stance . 
   bringing our forces back to bear in europe they 're already there ... 
  i even see them around here , american f-16 mechanics . 
  many countries have american soldiers stationed . 
  rammstein is n't going away any time soon . 
  that said , i believe we should defend ourselves without the u.s. if necessary , which we are capable of , but i would like a better effort . 
  we will defend ourselves . 
  although we 're bound by article 5 , i personally do n't think americans should be obliged to defends us . . at all . 
  i believe we must meet the 2 % of gdp defense spending commitment and be capable of defending ourselves properly . 
  what i meant was , a strong united states with a strong president represents a deterrence which prevents war with russia in the first place . 
  i love when people keep asking for the obvious and get the obvious answer . 
  roflmao , a thread full of all sorts of intelligent thoughtful suggestions , but i just had to scroll down to the bottom did n't i ? 
  the united states , pakistan , china , north korea , russia , iran , israel , and radical islam in general . 
  i remember what happened to this guy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_litvinenko back in 2006 . 
   stop being a victim of information war , ukrainians bullshit just as much as russians . 
  no they do n't . 
  nobody tops the russians . 
  take your comment here for example : it takes a special kind of offensive retard to start lecturing the 30 countries with their own media in their own language on propaganda . 
  we are normal , we are looking at russia and we are shocked and appalled . 
  we are not the `` west '' , we are 30 different countries , or more , and we know you are lying . 
  the spectacle of kremlin propaganda surrounding mh 17 , with russians trying to blame ukraine , is something i will never forget and never forgive . 
  and here you are , still not prepared to take the slightest responsibility for your country 's actions . 
   allegedly blew up a civilian airliner , investigation is underway afaik ( although initially i thought the same ) . 
  * we have them posting on social media and then removing their posts after realizing it was a passenger plane * we have several sbu intercepts proving it was the russians , specifically igor `` demon '' bezler and his crew . 
  the sbu intercepts have been verified as genuine by nato . 
  we can listen to them panic after they discover they shot down a * passenger * plane . 
  igor bezler admits it was him on the tape but claims it was from a different shootdown . 
  weak excuse . 
  former alfa commando khodakovsky admitted the `` rebels '' had a buk , but then retracts because borodai got upset with him talking to the press . 
  * we have locals from shiznoye telling both the bbc and ap in seperate interviews that russians with a moscow accent brought a buk missile system into town . 
  * we have people photographing the buk system hastily spirited back to russia , with one missile missing . 
  * we have the `` separatists '' obstructing the investigation on the scene by the osce . 
  * to add insult to injury , pro-russian locals looted the bodies of the victims and bragged about it on social media in one instance . 
  we know it was russia , we know they sent the buk , we know who was involved . 
  the fact that an aircrash investigation and the accompanying report takes a year and it written with an abundance of caution does n't preclude this . 
  if i saw igor bezler right now , seriously , i would break his neck with my bare hands . 
  in a very reasonable manner . 
  it 's just as unfair to be forced to part of catalonia against your will as it is to be forced to be part of spain against your will , but in both cases , international law takes the position that the current owner of the land and seat of central government decides . 
  in spain , this is madrid , in catalonia , this is barcelona . 
  it would n't be possible to just `` secede '' from catalonia without permission from barcelona . 
  so you are right : both are exactly the same . 
  it 's exactly the same , so therefore my point about consistency and legality !, 
  if madrid does n't cooperate eventually while there is a consistent pro-secession majority , then we do have a problem which would be difficult to solve . 
  international pressure must be brought to bear , increasing with each year . 
  but that 's a different aspect . 
  thanks , very informative . 
  is there any truth to this ? 
  https://news.vice.com/article/nato-isnt-arming-ukraine-just-like-russia-isnt-fighting-there that may be the covert arming nato is doing . 
  if it 's true . 
  and then , how helpful is it ? 
  maybe not enough by far . 
  what i also find very concerning is the ridiculously successful surface-to-air wins the russians have attained . 
  ( save for the very important and for the so-called `` separatists '' detrimental mh 17 blunder ) ca n't we do something about that ? 
  what 's your opinion on the site reporting russia having 15,000 tanks ? 
  most of them out of commission or ? 
   reminder , it was all in response to : i know . 
  it 's not the point if you 're worried about it or not . 
  what matters is if you 're consistent across the board with international law , rather than arbitrary because we all think catalonia is beautiful and nice . 
   lol , you sure have poor reading comprehension . 
  no , i know exactly what i 'm dealing with . 
   good luck in your life , you 're going to need it . 
  thanks . 
   cool story . 
  i do n't care what you think is cool or not cool , bud   i 'm not alleging a conspiracy yes you are , on an absolutely massive scale . 
  and then you have the audacity to call people who do n't buy into your massive conspiracy scenario `` conspiracy theorists '' while somehow designating yourself a skeptic in the same breath . 
  amazing cognitive dissonance . 
  and no , it 's not going to fly with me . 
  even if i ca n't prove that it would happen to catalonia , i * can * cite scotland and the shetlands , and these cases remind everyone that secession is pleasant if you 're the one seceding and not the one being seceded from . 
  i can also cite russia attempting to prevent chechnya from seceding but annexing crimea from ukraine later . 
  or the united states seceding from the uk but subsequently trying to prevent secession in the american civil war between north and south . 
  it * could * happen to you too . 
  if you were for the argument that the constitution of the parent nation ought to be ignored , then you have no credibility to invoke the same anti-secessionist objections you fought against earlier . 
   what if the law is abusive and not coherent with the will of the people ? 
  take the case to eu courts . 
  at least , that seems logical . 
  what part of `` provide a reliable , verifiable source '' do n't you understand ? 
  russia today ?!, 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  russia today has been the * laughing stock * of the international media this past year . 
  so much so that multiple journalists have quit in disgust . 
  not only that ; there 's an article currently on the front page of / r/europe : ** [ interpreter magazine - moscow to dramatically increase spending on ` russia today ' ] ( http://www.interpretermag.com/moscow-to-dramatically-increase-spending-on-russia-today/ ) ** ** [ orginal article in novyye izvestiya ] ( http://www.newizv.ru/politics/2014-09-30/208354-rossija-rezko-uvelichivaet-rashody-na-zabugornuju-propagandu.html ) **  the only thing i know for certain is that you 're quite the denigrating person who believes he can prove a point by providing a wall of text . 
  do you have * any idea * how fucking insolent it is to ask for evidence , get a boatload of sources provided to you , which in itself is a lot of work , and start cackling your unsourced opinion as if it is on equal footing ? 
  and then whine about denigration ? 
   could you possibly at least prove that get lost . 
  gazprom violates eu antitrust law . 
  the onus probandi is now on you . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  you would n't be concern trolling this hard . 
  i 'm going to give you the `` detriment '' of the doubt . 
  no , you 're not . 
  you just alleged a massive conspiracy in which an entire body of disturbing reports from young american atheists being abused by their relitard parents is an elaborate scheme to discredit religion . 
  because if you are dismissing that entire laundry list as non-credible anonymous stories on the internet , you are paranoid and incapable of balanced reasoning . 
  worse yet , if you require sources which would satisfy the wikipedia standard , there is plenty of atheist mistreatment out there as well . 
  in no way , shape or form are you behaving as a skeptic should , and in no way , shape or form am i the `` conspiracy theorist '' instead of * you * . 
  deal with it . 
   i would have appreciated it if you would just have posted the two articles that were about the issue of reverse flows instead of wasting my time . 
  i wanted to educate you properly , since you knew nothing when you started . 
   in any case , the relevant articles do indicate that gazprom 's clause entail an anti-competitive clause . 
  and mots of these kind of clauses are under eu trade law not legal anymore .
