  if i 'm wrong , then the washington post is wrong , too :  daniela augenstein , a spokeswoman for berlin 's department of urban development , explained that each side historically used different streetlights . 
  the lights themselves reflect another difference : the streetlamps used in west germany were much more environmentally friendly , reflecting the emergence of the western german environmental civil movement in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  at that time east germany was still heavily polluting , and heavily reliant on coal . 
  today , eastern germany is the heart of the country 's renewable energy transformation . 
  but viewed from space , the historic differences still define berlin 's nightly appearance . 
  yeah , i actually painted the most optimistic scenario . 
  in theory , if they have one modified modem sitting in a house somewhere , they could access the internal modem-side network from there . 
  so could you . 
  and with every next-gen cpe , things worsen . 
   the rich half , yes . 
  you are aware the environmentally unfriendly half is the eastern half ? 
  western germany is about the most environmentally friendly country in the world . 
  ** edit : ** you are editing your comment as we speak . 
   i 've lived in east germany ( east berlin ) . 
  so is east berlin richer than west berlin ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i worked for a large isp . 
  every modem/router has a backdoor for isp personnel to operate . 
  your modem will have an internet-side ip address in the 10 . x.x.x. 
  range , for example , accessible with various remote management tools . 
  usually , you merely do diagnostics over snmp , though . 
  remote access is how they update your modem 's firmware without your authorization . 
  tftp , and digitally signed ( pki ) blobs . 
  so i would say every intelligence service everywhere has access to any router connected to any isp , if they compel the isp to cooperate . 
  edit : spelling . 
   and the east is catching up . 
  still catching up , after 25 years . 
  and half of berlin is apparently still lit by environmentally unfriendly streetlights . 
  i did . 
  if nuclear blackmail is the new russian strategy , and it is , because they have repeatedly stated this -- then we need to reaffirm the mad doctrine . 
  be the first to send the nuke , and see your missile silos and largest cities and industries annihilated . 
  meanwhile , we must strive to accelerate and enhance the missile defense system as fast as we can ... and in romania , that 's already happening . 
   naples , italy -- the navy will commission its new missile defense base in southern romania on friday , one of two european land-based interceptor sites for a nato missile shield vehemently opposed by russia . 
   the base represents a rare expansion of the u.s. footprint in europe , and the even rarer construction of a new navy base from the ground up . 
   the base in deveselu will be the first to feature the aegis ashore ballistic missile defense system , a land-based version of the sophisticated radar tracking system installed on u.s. warships since 2004 . 
  scheduled to become operational by the end of next year , the base -- which is housed within a larger romanian military installation -- will be staffed by several hundred u.s. military , civilian and contract employees . 
  a second site , in poland , is scheduled to become operational by 2018 . http://www.stripes.com/news/navy-to-commission-missile-defense-base-in-romania-1.307364, 
   thanks for the propaganda video . 
  richard gerald wilkinson ( born 1943 ) is a british social epidemiologist , author and advocate . 
  he is professor emeritus of social epidemiology at the university of nottingham , having retired in 2008 . 
  he is also honorary professor of epidemiology and public health at university college london ^ [ 1 ] and visiting professor at university of york . 
   i can smell the poor on you all the way from here . 
  i can smell right-wing extremist on you ... all the way over here , too . 
  it 's not the first time i 've noticed this about norway . 
  they have to deal with an ongoing `` breivik '' threat all across society . 
  a cigar !, 
  what a crock !, 
   as part of the church committee 's senate investigations in 1975 , william colby presented to committee chairman frank church a gun resembling a colt .45 equipped with a telescopic sight . 
  time reported `` the gun fires a toxin-tipped dart , almost silently and accurately up to 250 ft. 
  moreover , the dart is so tiny -- the width of a human hair and a quarter of an inch long -- as to be almost undetectable , and the poison leaves no trace in a victim 's body . '', 
  church called the pistol `` a murder instrument that 's about as efficient as you can get . '', 
  time revealed `` the agency has also developed two other dart-launching pistols , as well as a fountain pen that can fire deadly darts and an automobile engine-head bolt that releases a toxic substance when heated . '', 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lo6tid5dy0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/family_jewels_%28central_intelligence_agency%29, 
   i 'm going to need you to look at a map of gdp in capitalist vs. non-capitalist countries and then re-evaluate your comment . 
  i never said i wanted to get rid of capitalism . 
   are you seriously trying to tell people that capitalism has n't been the number one vehicle to take people out of poverty globally ? 
  the number vehicle to get people out of poverty is sustainable economics paired with a decline in income inquality . 
  but quality of life is most important . 
  richard wilkinson : how economic inequality harms societies http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cz7lze3u7bw this is n't really new , radical or controversial . 
   if so , i ca n't help you . 
  i do n't want or need your help . 
  thanks for the offer . 
  also looking for interesting german sources about eastern german economy and purchasing power before and after die wende . 
  all i 've got so far is english ... want german . 
  found some german sources here and there but were n't really to the point . 
  so , what about that photo of berlin taken by andre kuipers ? 
  it 's in op 's article . 
  and another ossie mentioned chemnitz . 
  what is it with chemnitz ? 
  that 's not exactly what i meant though -- to me my argument is more about the economic caution exhibited by western europe during the cold war -- notably mainland europe . 
  that caution went out the window as soon as the cold war ended , at least , that 's how it seems to me -- and then the neoliberals really doubled down : they no longer had to worry about pr considerations towards the east , nor did they have to worry about socialist undercurrents in the west -- capitalism had won , and russian troublemaking in the west was a thing of the past . 
  there would be no more money for elaborate `` active measures '' programmes henceforth . 
  during a period of twenty years since die wende , the last remaining vestiges of the social contract were dismantled . 
  in socialism 's stead , libertarianism took on the role of `` rebel ideology '' and is slowly worming its way into the european consciousness . 
  how cunning -- to booby trap political alternatives with free market extremism . 
  you win even if you lose . 
  meanwhile , the 3 % deficit norm foisted upon eurozone states provides the ideal ongoing justification of austerity and a transfer of wealth to the upper class away from the lower and middle classes . 
  roflmao , she did n't even bother to put a trash bag into the bin for the show . 
  so sketchy ... , but that whiny voice was hilarious , heh . 
  well , i 'm happy to hear that , but when the germany economy sees a downturn , your labour rights are non-existent . 
  they 'll tell you labour rights are bad for employment rates ( `` erwerbst\u00e4tigkeit '' ) , because of a declining willingness to hire , but that 's misleading . 
  ( and the evergreen of excuses for austerity measures and deconstruction of labour rights ), 
  notice my use of the word `` currently '' . 
  check this out for more detail about why i say this : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2kwf45/the_berlin_wall_fell_25_years_ago_but_germany_is/clpjzez i feel east germany deserves even better , not just `` an improvement for 80 % and a deterioration for 20 % '' -- this indicates a growing wealth gap . 
  die wende was absolutely necessary , i 'm very happy it happened , we visited berlin immediately , me and my parents . 
   how did he get such a ridiculously low sentence ? 
  europe has different opinions from the united states w.r.t. 
  the length of prison sentences . 
  mitterand , apart from his attack on the rainbow warrior , seems to me to have been a brilliant prime minister . 
  can you tell me more about the success in leipzig and dresden ? 
  and what 's the cause behind the problems in chemnitz ? 
  first of all , what you want is purchasing power parity ( ppp ) , but that is extremely difficult to compare due to the heavy subsidizing in the ddr before die wende . 
  i 'm sure you 're familiar with ppp . 
  see the conclusion here at the bottom of the page ( emphasis mine ) :  people in the east desire a high and rising standard of well-being no less than those in the west . 
  on central issues , principally housing but also incomes , *** the promises of unification have not been fulfilled . 
  *** http://books.google.com/books?id=kscadisdelic&amp;pg=pa221 or , a source more amenable to your position , a bit overconfident in tone , imo  this paper provides the first application of exact purchasing power parities between east and west germany in order to provide a statistical picture of the evolution and distribution of the real economic gains and losses within the new federal states following german reunification . 
  in contrast to previous studies , we have been able to correct two special aspects of gdr socialist reality that have prevented researchers from fully exploiting the unique 1990 nominal net household income data in east germany from the gsoep survey to compare with household income data from later surveys . 
   *** the measurement of economic welfare attainable under the old gdr regime is greatly complicated by the fact that significant microeconomic quantity constraints ( e.g. 
  housing and automobiles ) existed along with a system of indirect taxes and consumer price subsidies . 
  *** together these characteristics of gdr socialism meant that the relative purchasing power of the old gdr mark was quite different depending upon an individual 's place in the income distribution .
