   i do n't really wish to participate in an exercise `` pointing at the shill '' . 
  i do n't need your participation , but thanks . 
   what the video proves , deducing from the tone of the voice of the narrator , is that ukraine today is actually run by teenagers you are a clown . 
   and does n't just produce the content that would be expected of such an operation . 
  the footage is in east ukraine and shows russian tanks . 
  the other video was made by sky news and shows tanks and other military vehicles . 
   the provided recordings and regurgitation of nato satellite imagery can not prove the involvement of the russian state to any reasonable standard . 
  yes it can . 
   for example the standard of proof of an international court or a fact finding mission by any reputable organisation . 
  says who , you ? 
  a court , perhaps you 're right , but this is n't a court . 
  many things we collectively accept as historical fact have n't been decided in a court . 
  i would like you to cite a reliable source stating these epistemology rules you claim to be defending on behalf of international observers . 
   the claim that the tanks are exclusive to the russian army is based on an assumption of a self declared expert which has never been double checked . 
  you are inventing arbitrary norms and you 're , ironically , making assumptions . 
   the satellite images of nato on the other hand have proven without a single doubt that military vehicles exist both in russia and in ukraine . 
  fascinating stuff . 
  i 'm sure nato satellite analysts know what they 're doing . 
  you are desperate . 
  everything you 've come up with so far has been textbook russian propaganda denialism . 
  it 's not original and not impressive . 
   the way of thinking that might have led you to conclude that russia provided the buk system could probably be used to prove that 11 september was an inside job . 
  no , you are trying to turn this around : the conspiracy theories are spread by russia not by us , so the comparison is limp . 
  i 've been assessing your responses to me and my conclusion is you are deliberately clouding and fogging the issue . 
   the only thing that could actually be proven right now is that russia closes his eyes for whatever or whoever enters or leaves the ukrainian border . 
  maybe that they provided armaments and military information , but that 's already stretching it . 
  i think they do though , but i do not believe i can prove it . 
  right . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lz3fwf0dydw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm26b6arkzk i guess your tactic when spreading offensive lies is to pretend to be nice about it . 
  in other words , you are another concern troll . 
  time to end the charade and drop the mask . 
  the `` doubt '' you are attempting to spread is n't there . 
  i despise what russia is doing , but , in all fairness , try to be an atheist or a homosexual in the american south . 
  but it 's also exceedingly annoying the people keep speaking about the `` west '' as a nondistinct homogenic bloc . 
  do you have some background information on the mechanism works exactly ? 
  because i could use a little insight . . 
  you seem like a good guy , and i am aware that there are paid trolls , ( i 've read the about the leaks by anonymous about russian propaganda centers ) ... but putin is still very popular regardless . 
  then we could have a discussion about how likely it is that a russian will answer truthfully when questioned over the phone if he or she approves of putin 's performance , knowing their answer might cause them `` problems '' . 
  i do n't know . 
  but i do n't believe * everyone * is a troll . 
  and to be fair , there are plenty of dutch and german and british idiots to deal with too . 
  edit : changed `` do believe '' into do n't ... big difference !, 
  but is that truly crafty or simply a diplomatic version of `` i know you are but what am i ? '', 
  but i agree they 'll blame the eu . 
   everybody knows about strelkov 's role in bosnia no they do n't . 
  not everybody knows that . 
  what 's more , knowing it does n't excuse it . 
   the rest of your claims is speculation . 
  lies . 
   if you want to believe it , go ahead . 
  yes , my worldview is formed by facts from an assortment of reliable primary and secondary sources , rather than by russian propaganda . 
   mind you , i 'm not saying it is n't true . 
  you 're trying really hard to condescendly question that which is n't even controversial . 
   maybe you get lucky and are proven right in the end . 
  europeans will never give in to russian propaganda . 
  never . 
  there are a few russophiles in scandinavia , the uk , the netherlands and germany , and of course we have a fifth column in serbia , but they are a minority . 
  what the kremlin has done in ukraine is crystal clear and disgusting . 
  their role in instigating the unrest in eastern ukraine is so obvious , no eu leader even seriously considers trying to pressure the `` separatists '' without talking to putin . 
  when eu leaders want something from the `` separatists '' , they contact moscow , where their handlers are . 
  i find russian propaganda insulting to an extent ; in that it 's exceedingly childish sometimes . 
  cynically speaking , i feel we deserve a better effort . 
   it 's cynical chicanery and it 's exactly the sort of politics that turn the uk 's voters against the eu . 
  so do n't pretend you lot on the pro-eu side have scored some sort of moral victory here . 
  and if it 's not that , gchq is launching cyberattacks on brussels . 
  i 'm frequently amazed at the hostility towards europe coming from the uk . . 
  i do agree with you on the undemocratic nature of this rule . 
  that how it seems to me too , yes . 
   you should listen to these phone calls again without assuming the labels provided by the sbu are correct . 
  your denial-fu is original . 
  perhaps i should listen to the calls pretending i 'm listening to ranting senile octagenarians . 
  or ... we could just stop this ridiculous runaround and accept what is true . 
  strelkov was an ethnic cleanser in bosnia , sent by moscow to fuck up ukraine . 
  he succeeded . 
  complicity of the russian state has been proven over , and over , and over . 
  they ca n't even properly encrypt their phone conversations with moscow . 
  yes , that 's what i am telling you , and that is indeed fascinating . 
  and the citizens in the region are ukrainians with ukrainian passports . 
  the entire `` uprising '' was concocted and engineered in moscow , with russian intelligence operatives . 
  most of it was n't a local ukrainian affair . 
  so , yes . 
   i 'm only talking about the shooting down of the plane . 
  all three mentioned were involved with that too . 
  bezler directly , strelkov breaking the news then quickly denying it , borodai coordinating the cover-up on the scene . 
  german intelligence ought to know the buk was delivered and operated by russian army and intelligence . 
  russia can pay for it , and then go fuck themselves . . how cold is ukraine anyway ? 
  it 's lower on the map than nl ... 
  does the south really need gas in the winter , like odessa , etc ? 
  first of all , the buk came from moscow and was n't captured from ukraine . 
  ( khodakovsky , bellingcat , etc. ), 
  second of all , evidence indicates the buk operators came from moscow , since locals heard them speaking with a moscow accent . 
  ( ap , bbc ) third of all , we already know almost the entire `` separatist '' leadership at the time was russian . 
  ( many sources ) i 'm thoroughly disappointed in the quality of german intelligence . 
  they sound like a bunch of bumbling amateurs who spread popular rumours around , about `` captured '' buks and `` independently operating '' `` separatists '' . 
  yeah i mean , some countries declare war on twitter nowadays . 
  ** [ azerbaijan 's president has threatened war with armenia via twitter , after dozens were killed in clashes over a disputed area of land that both countries lay claim to ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/07/azerbaijan-president-threatens-war-armenia-twitter ) ** . 
  he then unfriended armenia on facebook ;-p, 
  considering that igor bezler , alexander borodai and igor `` strelkov '' girkin all have known ties to russian intelligence and the kremlin , that claim can not be maintained by anyone anyway . 
  historically speaking , russians have popular news translation websites that provide translated western news for those who do n't understand english . 
  there are only like six million english speakers in russia i believe , but russians tend to be modest about claiming that they know a language .
