supposing the decline is linear rather than exponential . 
  from , not to . 
  read the article , it 's hilarious . 
  it 's like buying a passenger train from italy . 
  yeah , hilarious , i lol ` ed several times . 
  especially the ending is golden :  as for sevmash ? 
  after the vikramaditya fiasco , the yard is strangely upbeat about building more carriers ... and has identified brazil as a possible buyer . 
  `` sevmash wants to build aircraft carriers , '' said sergey novoselov , the yard 's deputy general director . 
   that almost sounds like a threat . 
  roflmao , i 'm nearly crying . 
   you are a belligerent individual that uses aggressive language and frankly youd do more harm than good . 
  perhaps if you where more diplomatic with your language id feel differently but that isnt the case . 
  that 's just it , is n't it ? 
  you even want control over the criticism leveled at you and the manner in which it is leveled . . 
  i 'm not solely speaking to you . 
  there are plenty of others who choose the diplomatic route . 
  this is just a section of reddit , and i 'm not using an `` approach '' , i 'm saying what i think . 
   well the youd be wrong , brussels has no financial influence over london as the uk isnt in the ez eh ... what ? 
   `` the city still faces the same issue it faced before the summit : there is regulation coming down the track and the question is how do we deal with that ? '' he said . 
  `` [ but ] if you are in the city and concerned , the positive thing is that the uk government and david cameron is fighting your corner in europe . 
  this wo n't be the last discussion . '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/8948470/britains-veto-cant-stem-flood-of-city-regulation-from-eu.html this is what the city fears . 
  it is what drives their position on the eu : they want the benefits of the single market , but not the regulation . 
  this should n't be up for debate , it 's on the record : ** the city fears regulation from brussels ** . 
  source above . 
  no question . 
  does n't mean they are regulated now , although they are surely bound by certain european agreements outside of the ez . 
   secondly farage isnt an eton educated bullingdon club boy toff thats friends with all the bankers . 
  that 's funny , i cite that picture frequently these days . 
   if you really think somehow nigel farage is swaying the city of london you are hugely mistaken . 
  no , i think the city of london is swaying him . 
  his and his father 's background are in the city . 
   completely untrue again , nigel farage does in fact want to leave the eu , and he believes every word he says . 
  i doubt it . 
  he 's a politician . 
  nigel farage , like geert wilders , is a different person in private than in public . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtj3wk1juf4 it 's funny . 
   yes thanks ive seen the video , its fucking hilarious but your assumption that the uk is somehow working in consorted effort to strengthen its position is complete bullshit . 
  its verging on conspiracy theory really . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  really ? 
  is n't that what conspiring is for ? 
  what would the uk do if not conspire to defend the best interests of the uk ? 
  this is n't rocket science is it ? 
  if you 're that quick to throw around this label , it loses all its potency . 
  this is n't some minority view ; most commentators find the uk 's antics to be a negotiation strategy . 
  i say call their bluff or even kick them out . 
  they get nothing . 
  no love lost , but the eu has other things to do . 
   why is it so hard for you to believe that there are actual concerns with the eu ? 
  oh yes , there are actual concerns , like i said , the city does n't like the spectre of financial regulation from brussels . 
  there 's another guy from the uk discussing this with me , and he agrees , and he works in the city !, 
   i suspected as much , it was five eyes ; not specifically the uk government . 
  yes , it was specifically gchq , the article and documents leaked are quite clear on that . 
  you did n't even * properly * read it , did you ? 
  you can inspect the powerpoint slides , even . 
  unfortunately , you 're shaping up to be one of those people who try to shape reality around their own preferences . 
  i am well familiar with that sort of `` debate tactic '' , it 's rooted in extremely deep frustration and resentment . 
  for example , the aircraft carrier : when you finally admit the uk has no aircraft carrier , you simply assert it could be commissioned sooner . 
  that is dishonesty . 
  there is no aircraft carrier available to the uk now , the last one was decommissioned in august . 
  the new one is n't operational . 
  deal with the facts . 
   you sound kind of bitter . 
  like you feel spurned . 
  yes , well yeah , of course i feel that way . 
  at which point exactly did the uk expect a response to the endless provocations ? 
  how would the brits feel if continental europe whinged for ten years how terrible the uk was . 
  i do n't recall such a thing happening , but the other way around ? 
  yes . 
  i know most if not all of the brits working in my town . 
  do you see me complaining that they 're here ? 
  not at all . 
  we have a few people from newcastle , from london , from sussex ( or something ) , liverpool , we have welders , bar workers , chemists , whatever . 
  this is part of the free movement of persons is it not ? 
  i 've discussed this with them , if they bring it up . 
  in all fairness , france has le pen and the netherlands has geert wilders in terms of euroskepticism . 
  but at least the pms rebuke the nonsense there . 
  cameron has either been taken hostage by the populists or he 's in on it . 
  have n't yet decided which . 
  yeah , whatever , ha ha ha . 
   give it a rest man . 
  i agree , this is pointless . 
  cheers . 
   you just make it worse for the people here that are pro-eu though , you give the ukip isolationists more cannon fodder to feed the masses with . 
  wait , let me get this straight ; if only i were as sheepish as the eu has been towards the uk for the past ten years , i will win the hearts of the eu skeptics , right ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  as always , printed , television media and the internet dictate people 's thoughts , as in , the larger electorate unable to form their own opinion from a wide variety of in-depth source material , but instead easily swayed by propaganda and populism . 
  regardless , it seems as if the uk simply can not accept the fact that mainland europe has its pride and self-respect , and if no cooperation is forthcoming , then it 's best to part ways . 
   london is well aware of the benefits of the eu , and it is the main reason cameron has not come out against the eu . 
  i personally think it 's all driven by the city of london resisting brussels ' growing influence over the british financial sector . 
  once i saw farage 's background it all made sense . 
  i agree they do n't want out , not even farage , they just want a disproportionate say in financial and legal matters . 
  to do that , you must follow the strategy of the `` overton window '' , that is , flood the public with extremist rhetoric , conspiracy theories if you must , because the aim is to shift the entire political frame of reference so that the center now reflects your extremist position . 
  this tactic has been tried and tested in the united states . 
  it 's the `` door-in-the-face-technique '' . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdqayc1sr7g#t=1m22s https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/door-in-the-face_technique  source ? 
  i would be disgusted with my intelligence agencies if its true , but im not sure the government would have ordered this , perhaps the five eyes , but not camerons government . 
  they called it `` op socialist '' . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/british-spy-agency-gchq-hacked-belgian-telecoms-firm-a-923406.html http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/angry-european-and-german-reactions-to-merkel-us-phone-spying-scandal-a-929725.html der spiegel originally broke the story ( or slate ) .
