  do you have a russian background ? 
  because you 'd fit right in ... 
  this :  we ( in the west ) support the ukrainian government to counter russian influence regardless of who is `` right '' and `` wrong '' . 
  equally , russia supports the separatists for their own gain . 
  ... is a false equivalence . 
  also the `` west '' consists of more than 30 different countries and is n't monolithic . 
  that is the point for the time being . 
  and you do realize that hrw 's management is almost entirely `` western '' , its headquarters reside in new york , in the empire state building , and its offices save for those in johannesburg , tokyo , moscow and beirut are all in european and american cities ? 
  yes , it matters evidence came from the new york times too , because that would never happen with russia today , or any of the other clownish russian propaganda organs . 
  so , you can wiggle , struggle , resist and try to weasel your way out of the fact that the false equivalence you were trying to put forward is fictional , but you yourself are your own biggest debunker . 
  why am i not hearing about the monolithic `` west '' now ? 
  you do realize that *** in your own quote *** , hrw 's case is supported by the new york times , right ? 
  like i said , self-defeating . 
  good guy poland , pat pat, 
  ironically , this is being reported by a `` western '' organization , while the reverse , namely russian media reporting on russian war crimes , is much less likely . 
  i find excessive controlling behavior disturbed . 
  we are talking about people who will always feel `` imposed '' upon no matter what , and that is why this ridiculous law does n't exist . 
  i keep wondering when war is coming to the entire continent . 
  i 'm convinced this is retribution for the collapse of the ussr . 
  europe is getting ready ... most people ignore the signs and think this will blow over , while putin is preparing to initiate preemptive nuclear attacks . 
  i was n't aware that magic public service sauce can filter soot from exhaust pipes . 
   i do agree that human rights are unconditional . 
  but smoking , never mind smoking anywhere near a playground , just is n't a human right . 
  many very specific things are n't enumerated in the european convention of human rights . 
  it does n't say i 'm allowed to take kids skiing either , or use curse words around children . 
  yet , in general , citizens have a reasonable right to be free from a government trying to control every aspect of their lives . 
  that 's why most eu countries do n't have this law . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  mh17 is not a dutch issue ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  one book says so . 
  you should read th actual article btw , it 's not about the situation in sweden . 
   do you feel entitled to rights without obligations ? 
  yes . 
  if there 's anything i despise , it 's the position that `` rights must go hand in hand with obligations '' and that rights are n't rights but `` entitlements '' . 
  people who say these things have a very dubious agenda to deprive people of rights . 
  it 's also a very dutch and christian moralist thing to say . 
   yeah i agree , but they do n't . 
  what now ? 
  start by not pretending it 's a problem of ability but willingness . 
   `` muh freedoms !, 
  i want to be able to blow my junk in people 's faces all the time ! '', 
  this is just such hyperbole . 
  sigh . 
  well , you win . 
   we ca n't stop using gas vehicles in a heartbeat i think we can move to electric cars quickly if the industry really wanted to . 
  but i 'm glad you admit this is n't about kid 's health but control over others ' lives . 
  of course , they 're already doing that anyway , and the only way to protect ourselves is a shield . 
  next problem is warheads with multiple payloads exceeding the limit of parallel tracking the system can handle . 
   i do n't know about lithuania , but if you were to read a couple of dutch newspapers you would know that there is propaganda on both sides . 
  hmmm ... 
  i do n't think that this assessment is justified w.r.t. 
  this dossier . 
   i am only desperate in your own head , since that 's how you opted to explain away your cognitive dissonance . 
  i have no stake in this what so ever . 
  that must be why you 're using a shadow account to upvote yourself . . ;-d  you ask me for epistemological rules after declaring that your own assumptions include `` i 'm sure nato satellite analysts know what they 're doing '' . 
  that 's right , you do n't get to simply handwave nato evidence ( which corresponds well with other evidence ) by questioning their competence and authority on the matter without good reason . 
  if they could n't determine to whom those firing positions belong , they would n't have made this press release in the first place . 
  good points , thanks . 
  indeed , while the u.s. is slowly moving to legalize weed , since the war on drugs brought so much nonsense to bear ... with smoking and drinking we 're going in the opposite direction . 
  it 's cognitively dissonant , like you explained . 
   they should ban wherever people are forced to gather even if it 's outside , like bus stops . 
  ban the bus ' exhaust pipe !, 
  yup . 
  i should clarify that when i mention the `` nanny state '' , i mean the government telling you you * must * do things , not the government * offering help * . 
  i 'm not an american tea party ideologue . 
  if you believe the government * offering you help * must also allow it to micromanage every aspect of your life ... that 's where we disagree . 
  my ideal government helps if asked but leaves people alone as much as possible otherwise . 
  this is one of the issues which are legitimate to be under debate , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  heh ... good genes . . in such a close-knit community . . 
  i would rather expect a lot of problems with heriditary diseases . . no , there must be something the icelanders are doing right , an approach . 
  oh , hell i do n't know . 
  just congratulations . 
  and the nanny state expands further everwhere . 
  then russia will self-destruct . 
  it 's up to them . 
  it 's horrible what 's happening over there . 
  i feel so bad for greece all the time . 
  i read that 1 in 5 live below the poverty line . 
   the current mood and the protests organized by kurds across europe are giving hooligans and right-wing sympathizers the chance to `` apparently demonstrate against the salafists , but really only to express their own islamophobia , '' olaf sundermeyer , a journalist and author , told dw . 
  again with the fictional mental illness attributed by an islamophile to people rejecting a dogmatic , repressive and violent religion . 
  mobile links need to be decapitated and martyred : http://www.dw.de/united-against-salafism-right-wing-scene-surges-in-germany/a-18005284, 
  downvoted . 
  it seems the left can never strike the appropriate balance between the necessary self-critique of the united states ' missteps and the imperative to not become so blindly one-sided and biased as to completely lose all credibility . 
  i 'm so sick and tired of this fucker . 
  is everybody done with russia yet ? 
  sink it . 
  and from now on , shoot down planes violating the national airspace of any of our countries along the `` provocation route '' . 
   russia 's reservations ignored we 're full , sorry . 
  you 'll have to get a ticket like everybody else !, 
  well , what 's your explanation then ? 
  yay !, 
  russian journalists work there , the company was founded by dutchman derk sauer . 
  look him up on wikipedia . 
  he 's been in `` de wereld draait door '' once or twice , i think . 
  they did a profile on him recently : http://www.themoscowtimes.com/20th/welcome/20-years-of-business-in-russia.html, 
  not necessarily worse in the u.s. , but some stories i read are shocking . 
   accusing others of deliberately spreading doubt is a rather tiresome tactic as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what you 're doing , though . 
  and you 're * failing * at it .
