  how was i supposed to know that ? 
  just interested in the backstory . . 
  hmmm , this is about a romanian but the netherlands is mentioned a few times . 
  much mystery . 
  the scum of the earth . 
  this is our fault . 
  we should have helped ukraine militarily in the east . 
  we still can . 
   btw , you chose `` peaceful '' now , which is correct , but the word you were initially looking for , i think , is `` pacifist '' which of course is very similar lexically to the word `` pacific '' . 
  sorry , could n't resist , good luck with the quest for independence , catalonians , 
   pacific movement !, 
  you mean to pick up catalonia , detach it from the iberian peninsula and dump it somewhere close to hawaii ? 
  but they were all of them deceived , for another ring was made . 
  in the land of russia , in the fires of mount \u041a\u043b\u044e\u0447\u0435\u0432\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0439 , the dark lord vladimirovich forged , in secret , a *** [ master ring ] ( http://thenypost.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/putinsuperbowlringfootball110221-525x5001.jpg ) *** to control all others . 
  and into this ring he poured his cruelty , his malice and his will to dominate all life . 
  one ring to rule them all . 
  well , looks like we 're targets for downvotes in this thread . 
  your support helps though , ukrainian opinion weighs heavy in europe , so thanks . 
  i 'm behind ukraine 100 % . 
  thanks for showing some common sense . 
  i love germany and the germans but there is a very subtle form of self-hatred fueling this stuff , you can tell by how they depict their own media as nazis . 
  i understand the background of a paper like die zeit , and some of it is admittedly weird , but the amount of love the germans feel for russia is just not natural . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again ... 
  whenever germany comes up , everybody thinks they 're clever with their nazi references . 
  have they all forgotten the berlin wall ? 
  what about that piece of extremely important german , european and * world * history ? 
  when the germans came for the kgb , it was putin who stepped outside to calm and woo the angry east germans in dresden . 
  ( he speaks german , merkel speaks russian , what a world we live in )  putin told veteran ntv reporter vladimir kondratyev in a half-hour interview how he managed to calm down an angry crowd of east german protesters outside the kgb headquarters in dresden in late 1989 . http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/6455858/vladimir-putin-saved-kgb-offices-from-east-german-looters.html he 's a kgb man through and through . . why would anybody trust him , let alone germans ? 
  germans buying into russian mh17 propaganda hurts . 
  / r/im14andthisisdeep ( and i ca n't spell `` accessories '' ), 
  shit , how much markup does reddit support anyway ? 
  all of it ? 
  good one . 
  aha ... thanks for the response , 
  apparently people do n't get what `` the russians are coming '' means . 
  it means troops . 
  and they 're not going to go shopping . 
  which is why the old switcheroo in this cartoon is supposed to be funny in the first place . 
  but the bandwagon effect is powerful and irrational , so it is n't much use protesting this now . 
  the irony ... 
  what do you think about the situation in south ossetia ? 
  seems they never wanted to part of georgia anyway . . is that true ? 
  just because you 're stupid and gullible , that does n't mean russian propaganda does n't exist . 
  paywalled . 
  this is much better : http://www.pcworld.com/article/2839652/clues-point-to-russia-in-longrunning-spying-campaign.html, 
   ok , we in the other hand get mostly those rich russian families with huge suvs ... you should n't claim something is absolutely true if you have no idea . 
  are you talking about yourself or what ? 
  you made a claim which was verifiably wrong . 
  what claim of mine was wrong ? 
  actually , i have n't met any rich russians , no . 
  many students . 
  my income level or less . 
  i think the richest russians go to amsterdam . 
   you do n't even live in a place with russian tourists so what do you base this claim on ? 
  why would you lie with a loaded question ? 
   as in previous years , the greatest number of tourists came from neighbouring countries . 
  nearly 3,5 million germans came to the netherlands in 2013 , an increase of eight per cent , and there were also eight per cent more belgian tourists ; over 1,6 million . 
   ** the largest percentage increase in visitors , however , came from russia and china . 
  **  ** russian tourist numbers increased by 20 per cent to nearly 200.000 ** , while china was not far behind , with an 18 per cent growth and 225.000 visitors . 
  last year had seen a 23 per cent increase in tourists from china and japan . 
  http://www.iamexpat.nl/read-and-discuss/expat-page/news/netherlands-record-numbers-tourists-2013 they are here . 
  maybe not as much as in finland , but they come . 
  and i see them and meet them too . 
  my former co-worker was russian but he fled russia because he 's muslim . 
  i resent the idea that you always have to laugh at everything or be labeled a spoil-sport . 
  and i do n't care . 
  i do n't think this cartoon is funny , i think it 's propaganda . 
  i 'm not missing the joke . 
  the joke is on all of us . 
  using humor and propaganda together is extremely powerful ; it invites ostracism on those who refuse to laugh along . 
  i know that and i 'm happy to take it . 
  fuck russia and fuck this cartoon . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not advocating censorship on german television , and i love germany and speak german too , but ... 
  i 'll voice my opinion on it too . 
  there is a strain in germany i 'm only just beginning to understand ( by just i mean a few years ) ... it 's a very peculiar from of infatuation with conspiracy theories , which can only be explained from wwii national trauma and reconciliation . 
  it lessens my perception of german intellect a bit , but i empathize with the german desire not to have this happen ever again ( hence rebellious against mainstream opinion ) , and i rate german intellect very highly otherwise . 
  used to be a fan , i 've been on to chomsky for a while now . . his acolyte is greenwald , and greenwald likes to use the russian propaganda-inspired `` whataboutist '' form of the tu quoque fallacy too . 
  it fucking ruins his credibility and by extension , his work on the nsa leaks . 
  and chomsky could n't bring himself to praise aaron swartz anyway . 
  i do n't take everything the u.s. says as gospel , and i 'm really disappointed men like greenwald and chomsky can not muster the intellectual responsiblity to avoid the tu quoque as their main instrument , and instead condemn all guilty parties equally . 
  they ( chomsky , greenwald , et al. ), 
  will respond that they do n't have an obligation to condemn all parties , since they specialize in condemning the united states . 
  and the one-sided farce continues !, 
  lol !, 
  yeah , i 'm getting ridiculed for `` failing to get the joke '' ... 
  i 'm sure my fellow euros in this thread will be too proud to admit they were stupid enough to be had by russian propaganda in the form of satire ... again . 
  whether in sweden or in germany . 
  http://time.com/3079245/ukraine-trauma-counselors-battle-info-intoxication/ the russian propaganda machine is amazing . 
  i wish i cared . 
  until next time , `` idle_villager '' cue the villain music , heh . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  if you 're not an active agent yet , you should be hired immediately . 
  you work very hard . 
   you 're attacking a cartoon that mildly criticizes some hateful bzzzzt . 
  wrong answer . 
   and unreasonable additional penalty points . 
   theory of yours three strikes , you 're ... outta there !!, 
   when people inevitably disagree you claim you are being victimized by an angry mob . 
  straw man argument for extra malice points . 
  oh , i remember you now , you 're that butthurt russian propagandist , who spends his time lauding russian energy supremacy , tentatively comparing merkel to hitler , trivializing the plight of the baltic states in the second world war , idolizing putin , lionizing stalin and promoting russian mh17 lies incessantly .
