  so , unfortunately , there is a direct link from the sectarian violence in northern ireland all the way back to our protestant royal dynasty . 
  they are displaying the colours of our royal family when they 're doing their yearly march to annoy the republican catholics . 
  `` so true helpeth me god almighty '' is something people in dutch parliament are required to respond with when they are sworn in . 
  they can also respond with the secular phrase : `` that i promise '' , but some members who you 'd expect to be secular actually prefer the first variant anyway . 
  like [ wouter bos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wouter_bos ) , our former vp and member of the labour party . 
   you should reevaluate how you do your reasoning when the fabled wwiii fails to materialize . 
  stop pretending that this is something anybody who lives in europe * wants * . 
  it 's just about preparing properly . 
   putin 's bluster against europe has no more weight to it than the old greek junta 's bluster against turkey . 
  tell that to the ukrainians . 
  you did know ukraine is in europe , right ? 
  several very fair points , yes . 
  remember the * orange * men in northern ireland . . ? 
  that 's right ... 
   it ca n't all be blamed on obama either . 
  well , i certainly was n't doing that . 
  i just said i would prefer somebody who is better at intimidating putin . 
  i agree bush does n't really fit the bill either , but as awful as he was , the `` batshit insane '' ambience he and his clique ( rumsfeld , cheney , wolfowitz ) had about them at least functioned as * some * deterrence . 
  save for south ossetia , of course , so you have a point in that regard . 
  however , putin has now taken a stance far more aggressive and defiant than anything displayed during the bush years . 
  i do n't want bush back , i just want somebody who does n't rule out military intervention publicly and repeatedly , giving putin carte blanche essentially . 
   economically the power all lies in eu hands . 
  they instead sit on those hands . 
  huh , what ? 
  i 'm not sure i get this . . we 're inflicting sanctions as we speak , and since we 're all heavily tied to russia economically , we 're suffering and going to suffer more in order to sanction russia in the first place . 
  we 've also committed to a qrf in the baltics . 
  the netherlands at least , and the uk , and poland , etc. 
  well , how long are we going to put our heads in the sand ? 
  we just heard it from the horse 's mouth ... 
  listen to what garry kasparov says : http://news.yahoo.com/bianna-golodryga-interviews-garry-kasparov-093317385.html, 
   i envy those of you who ca n't read what goes on in runet . 
  i believe you . 
   weak president like obama ? 
  do you want bush back ? 
  somebody who can make the other side believe he means business . 
  does n't have to be bush or romney . 
   romney was ready to get cold war ramped up to full speed as soon as he stepped into office . 
  while romney is a huge 1-percenter douche bag , he was on the ball about russia during the presidential debate . 
  kasparov agrees : https://screen.yahoo.com/garry-kasparov-says-mitt-romney-042837360.html obama : `` the nineteen-eighties are calling and want their foreign policy back '' yeah , nice quip barack , you embarrassed romney , but what does that rhetorical victory buy the world now ? 
  and the hate against kasparov is a product of russian propaganda too . 
  the man is brilliant and is always the go-to person to understand or predict putin . 
  i do n't know if it 's his experience as the world 's greatest chess player in history , but he has it down to a science . 
  his sanctions predictions were dead on . 
  now he 's warning the world again and we should listen carefully . 
  perhaps one of the few newsworthy things in there is that citizens of crimea will be exempted . 
  other that , yeah . 
  it 's a pretty common perception , but it depends on what is understood to be `` militaristic '' . 
  i think he does n't mean marching rank and file around the street all day while loudly singing the praises of the dear leader in the white house , but a large army with many bases abroad , many people who sign up for career opportunity , a strong sports and gun culture , a huge defense industry with many employees , a veneration for the troops , and of course america 's unique position as unrivaled military superpower . 
  not militaristic as in `` blatantly lockstep marching fascist '' militaristic . 
  so a slight semantic misunderstanding perhaps , or not . 
  just my take . 
  `` militaristic '' as in `` a culture with a strong influence from its military due to its sheer size and scope alone '' . 
  it can hardly be denied that the u.s. has a fiercely loyal and enthusiastic gun culture though . 
  and some of that extends into semi-heavy duty artillery stuff . 
  you would n't ask anyone to prove * that * with sources would you ? 
   i do n't know what to say really , sounds crazy and downright surreal to me ... is n't that child abuse ? 
  i can only say i felt exactly the same way when i read it !, 
  in nl , there are few very conservative religious communities ( such as urk , for example , or staphorst ) , and while these communities are extreme , they 're isolated . 
  we 're basically declericalized as a nation . 
  except ... for the royals and unfortunately parliament and stuff . 
  there 's still a strong christian strain in parliament , imo . 
  ( other dutchies may disagree ) refreshing to hear you can joke around the way you do in orthodox-christian serbia ... did n't know it was that relaxed . 
   and threatens nuclear war if people reject . 
  we will acknowledge the threat and keep fighting , just like india and pakistan do when they 're doing their thing in kashmir . 
  nato territories are a red line . 
  but i do feel a bit uneasy with a weak president like obama . 
  he 's also responsible for invading ukraine and annexing crimea . 
  perhaps you should thank him for that , because non-interventionists tend to love intervention by anybody but nato . 
   no army in europe can stop russia at present . 
  not poland . 
  not germany . 
  not nato . 
  no one else . 
  delusional . 
  you should read the actual article . 
   sutyagin said nato jets could inflict severe damage the moment that russian forces crossed into article v territory : `` without air superiority , he has no chance to win such a conflict '' . 
   he added : ** `` the ratio of nato ground forces in europe to russian forces is four to one , even if you count russia 's asian troops . 
  if you do n't count them , it 's seven to one '' . 
  **  baev noted that russia has `` no defence '' against nato 's `` long-range , high-precision '' weapons , such as conventional cruise missiles . 
   sutyagin added that putin might think nato would not retaliate against targets on russian territory , `` but he could never be sure '' . 
  i wonder why wwii references always keep coming up but never the berlin wall . . 
   where people religiously celebrate their submergence into isolation , war , repression and poverty as a new , refreshing start . 
  harsh but so true . 
   double nationalities in the netherlands are frowned upon . 
  this is certainly true but while they 're trying to further the `` sauce for the goose , sauce for the gander '' - principle , they 're actually trying to target turkish and moroccan citizens with this and most of it comes from the pvv ( and a bit vvd too ) anyway ... 
  but yeah , who knows what might happen in the future . 
  some things you and others said , did n't really consider , like the draft . 
  the fact that we , ( and i say `` we '' , because nl is a nine eyes partner anyway ) so desperately need mass surveillance to stop terrorism is incredibly depressing . 
  or at least the fact that we * think * we do . 
  mass surveillance depends on , you guessed it , surveiling * everybody * . 
  which in itself deals a bigger blow to freedom , democracy and transparency then terrorists could have ever achieved . 
  your assessment is pretty even-handed and plausible . 
  there are some strange behaviors from obama in early 2009 preceding a course shift ; it bothers me . 
  it happened around the time obama began inquiring into cia torture practices . 
  then again , he started saying `` let 's look forward not backward '' pretty quickly . 
  in order to dismantle a surveillance apparatus as monstrous as ours , we need to convince the public in advance with a huge propaganda campaign that if a terrorist attack occurs , this may be because we choose not to fight terrorism with totalitarianism . 
  most importantly , that 9/11 could have easily been prevented with the surveillance structure in place then ( see footnote 44 of the 9/11 commission report ) . 
  unless you deconstruct people 's reactive and reflexive `` legislate the problems away '' - attitude and decouple fear and indignation from the impetus for damaging legislation that normally exists , you can not dismantle the surveillance system at all . 
  there must be a renewed commitment to the constitution , rather than token gestures , lip service , and support for the bill of rights in words but never in deeds . 
  a recommitment to the founding principles of the united states , along with a willingness to incur losses to the population due to attacks if necessary .
