  nice collection of distros you 've tried , however , 
  true enough . 
  but i 'll have you know i actually got the chills reading that . 
  i ca n't even picture the scene , i would have exploded if i was there . 
  the colony days are over . 
  ( indonesia , not vietnam , but still ) this is undignified in the extreme . 
   i saw a dutch girl berating a vietnamese guest house worker very loudly and slowly in english , then criticizing her english skills . 
  i am embarrassed to read that . 
  very embarrassed . 
  does russia give a fuck about anyone or anything at all ? 
  what does it matter ? 
  the more inhumane and callous russia behaves , the easier it becomes for all of us to mercilessly drive the aggressor 's economy into the ground . 
  this repeated bullying of the entire european continent , along with canada and the u.s. , it 's a show of fear , despair and weakness . 
  bullying around some helpless ukrainians is what russia likes now . 
  we shall see if they ever have the balls to take it a step further . 
  maybe even openly acknowledge their own troops this time , instead of weaving an entire tapestry of lies just to avoid being seen . 
  lying to their troops ' parents and burying them in nameless graves . 
  some people are psychopaths and can not be pleaded or reasoned with . 
  as soon as you know that , destroy the psychopath , do not negotiate with it . 
  sooner or later , europe will come to understand this . 
  yeah , i 'm probably twice as old as you are . 
  i think a key issue with russians is to learn to understand they ca n't be talked to . 
  you must use violence as much as possible . 
  well , you are an enigmatic redditor to say the least . 
  i 'm not intellectually squeamish but your comments are sophisticated . 
  what a coincidence huh ? 
  just now that the uk blames barroso for having to pay an additional # 1.7 billion . 
  i guess that 's why maidan was so important . 
  at stake is the right to be a real nation . 
   a lot of people are paranoid about the russian minority . 
  and they should be . 
  putin 's salami method ensures that outrage and alertness levels remain under a certain threshold . 
  our inaction has emboldened him . 
  he is harassing the baltic states as we speak . 
  i have no doubt he will try more . 
  first acknowledge what 's in front of your face . 
  europe is n't going along with the bullshit . 
  i have plenty of evidence , as you can see . 
  what i do n't have is sane people to show it to . 
  seems harmless . 
   mr barroso was unveiled as edenbridge 's latest celebrity guy on wednesday , following the likes of katie hopkins , wayne rooney and saddam hussein . 
  but still , makes me uneasy . 
  the `` multiculturalism '' discussion , the meaning of the term today , the connotations it has - none of it compares to the ideology of the nazis one on one . 
  when you 're trying to pinpoint hitler - he crafted a nationalist alternative to socialism , ( `` nazi '' instead of `` sozi '' ) anti-semitism was a core belief along with white european superiority . 
  ( i do n't believe aryan really covers it , imo ) anti-semitism also correlated closely with his so-called `` socialism '' : the `` evil jews '' supposedly held all the capital and the assets , causing massive resentment . 
  to an extent , yes , the jewish diaspora in germany , belgium , the netherlands - the diamond trade , banking , etc. 
  did wield a large influence . 
  along with the humiliation of the first world war and the financial crisis of 1929 ; there you have the ingredients for hitler 's ascenscion . 
  anti-multiculturalism does n't necessarily mean feelings of racial superiority . 
  it could be directed against poles or italians . 
  it simply means you have a national culture which you wish to preserve in the face of mass immigration . 
  i do n't think it 's quite as nasty as nazism , although there are shared attributes . 
  if all of that ends up in the hands of russian soldiers , as the osce rightly suspects , then the `` our humanitarian generators need oil '' - excuse becomes meaningless . 
  you do n't think being on the receiving end of all the uk 's mendacious , populist bullshit about the eu entitles one to have an opinion ? 
  not emotion , human compassion . 
  we 're not writing a scientific paper here , we 're trying to let people achieve happiness . 
  would you apply the same principles to art ? 
  music ? 
  no exceptions to the sacred rules ? 
  that 's monstrous , and i 'll resist it . 
  merkel , just build up your army and maintain it properly instead of proposing these half-measures . 
  or perhaps we should get over our cold , emotionless robotic superiority complex . 
  our system of `` justice '' destroys people 's souls . 
   dude lol - seriously open a history book there are soooo many examples of people getting away with things despite them being `` wrong '' what 's your point ? 
  cancer-ridden putin is n't getting away with anything . 
  he 's already lost - the entire ussr collapsed . 
  nato is right up in front of the gates of moscow . 
   russians wo n't be suffering in the long run - the kremlin will find alternatives so will europe . 
  china will be plundering russian resources for chump change . 
   get out of their current predicament because they need international trade and good relations with europe to thrive then they will remove troops out of donbas . 
  or continue to suffer . 
   i predict the sanctions will be lifted by europe during 2015 your predictions are meaningless . 
   it wo n't matter what american sanctions are in place if the eu reestablishes full relations with russia we will move in unison on this issue . 
   that 's bs - plenty of countries reject independence movements that are not backed by foreign powers . 
  catalunya was in the papers again this week - they 've voted countless times to fuck off from spain . 
  i ca n't for the life of me understand what you 're babbling about here - are you on drugs ? 
  you 're not making any sense . 
   nobody gives a shit about international law incorrect . 
  instead , nobody in the international community or the un cares about some ridiculous puny little putin troll on the internet . 
   did anybody go to the hague for the fire bombing of dresden ? 
  the icc did n't exist yet . 
  the framework of international law as we know it today did n't exist yet . 
  the japanese massacres in china ? 
  russia 's atrocities in chechnya ? 
  the us 's atrocities in vietnam ? 
  it 's certainly true that due to the power balance in the world , sometimes greater powers escape punishment or judgment . 
  putin , however , as is apparent , currently can not afford to stay the course and alienate a hundred countries around the world ( the number that voted against the crimean referendum as illegal ) , the entire eu and remain kicked out of the g8 . 
  russia is currently being punished , and putin 's circle of oligarchs are seeing their assets melt away . 
   again - the victors write the history books and make the rules and again - unless there is a third party taking notes - the un . 
   there is a difference between me running somebody over with my car and the white collar crimes on wall street nah . 
   if you 're powerful enough and have the right connections you 're never punished for your actions currently , putin is being punished for his actions . 
  http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2014/11/03/putins-created-an-economic-crisis-and-left-russia-no-easy-way-out/ enjoy the show . 
   same amount france paid for annexing part of germany war reparations . 
  ukraine could take a part of russia . 
   same amount texas paid for annexing part of mexico two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   history is written by the victors unless there is a third party , such as the un , taking notes . 
   my opinion and yours do not matter i will decide that . 
   and this will become merely an afterthought in history schoolbooks of the future meaningless statement , most things will . 
   in 2 generations we 'll talk about the brief time when crimea was ukrainian and was n't a part of the russian empire / ussr perhaps the situation is irreversable , yes . 
  still does n't make it right , and it could be compensated for by making a large payment as reparation .
