i think in general major finnish newspapers have great integrity in trying to be neutral and an biased in a general way . 
  bias and advocacy are of course present . 
  the most honest way of announcing a editorial support for example nato or european union in helsingin sanomat . 
  large part of the perceived and real bias comes from journalists tending to be greener and more left wing that general populace . 
  they fight this by having a editor in chief from a rural party and a member of unpopular minority conservative religious movement . 
  but educated elites that journalists and editors are seem also to have an ideal to support some world view and tone down populist sentiments that run against it . 
  that means that they wo n't report on some hot potato incidents that might increase racist or other sentiments among populace that are considered harmful . 
  to play devil 's advocate : what are your thoughts on privacy ? 
  should the courts ban distributing secretly taken graphic photos of some public figure having a shit or having sex in their home ? 
  people learned how they can have sex without having children . 
  many women want to have university degree before having children so start at earliest 25 . 
  that if they have a man and do n't want to have a competitive career . 
  people had a lot more children , when children just happened when you had sex . 
  when pregnant , they got married , woman stayed home and man got a job . 
  now people want to fulfill their dreams and after that consider whether want to have children if not too old . 
  so no nuclear , no fossil fuels . 
  what 's the plan ? 
  buying electricity from abroad ? 
  hmm . 
  social status is zero sum game . 
  but if you count educational level , then post-war generations have been especially upwardly mobile , but i guess by this date the amount of masters and doctorates is pretty much saturated so children born today ca n't expect to be more educated on average than their parents . 
  but what gregory clark was trying to get at was the more selective and higher status fields like medicine and the zero sum game of who is in the top decile . 
  and he found that the status of your grandparents predicts your status achievements pretty well . 
  swedes whose ancestor was a priest in 19th century are more likely to be found at the top levels of moderns swedish society . 
  according to gregory clark social status is as heritable in nordic countries as it is in us or china . 
  he studied surnames . 
  in modern day sweden people with noble surnames like leijonhuvud or surnames of educated priests ending with latinized - ius are very overrepresented in selective high status occupations as doctors and lawyers many generations after their ancestor gained the high status surname . 
  he got pretty much same heritability of status for different cultures at different times , england , us , china , sweden . 
  son also rises is an interesting book . 
  government only has the use statistics . 
  they are completely different than the sentimental value . 
  i 'd rather give them my first or second car . 
  my third car is only used for special occasions . 
  but government decides to take the car i use the least and pay me market value . 
  market value !, 
  if my valued my third car only it 's market value , i would n't own it , because i could always buy it with market value . 
  i own it , because i value that car more than others . 
  because a stupid joke , that 's why, 
  it would be more honest , equal and efficient just to take some money from me and then use it to get the scarce cars . 
  now it targets the easy targets of car enthusiasts . 
  maybe with that same money someone will be happier to rent their car than me . 
  that third car of mine can have some pretty serious personal value to me . 
  i 'm better judge of what the full price for renting my third car is than you . 
  if the rich apartment buyers would have such co-operative cartel they really would n't need to buy apartments to be kept empty en mass to drive up prices . 
  there might be speculators , but they also get better return if they just rent their apartments voluntarily . 
  they just have n't found the deal they like . 
  there might also be people who are so rich that want to own an apartment in berlin for some odd weekends and holidays even if it would be cheaper just to get a hotel . 
  my middle class parents own a summer cottage that is more often than not unused , but they like the luxury of owning it , being able to go whenever they want and finding it way they left it . 
  that 's what they pay for even if would be cheaper ( probably not more convenient ) to just rent a cottage whenever they want to go to a cottage . 
  of course they do not want to go to a cottage , but to the cottage . 
  it may be unjust and `` problematic '' that my parents have so much idle resources when some people have so little . 
  even more envy-inducing when it is the super rich with luxury holiday apartments . 
  but i just think it would be more efficient and just to forcibly loan money from the rich at forcibly determined interest rates than go messing with the consumer choices they make . 
  with that money i bet some other places will open up . 
  the last warm places to house migrants ca n't be luxury flats in berlin . 
  they do this because it is politically easier than buying accommodation somewhere more distant and shipping the asylum seekers there . 
  i believe part of the ease of this kind of decision is that these rich people have so much and decadently spend it on such luxury apartments . 
  it 's not about efficiency economically , maybe some political and emotional ease . 
  it would be more efficient and equal to just forcibly loan some money from the rich . 
  now this does n't treat rich luxury speculators equally taking from those who have idle resources , but penalizes few unlucky property owners , because they are comparatively easy targets . 
  well . 
  people paid money to have the control over those apartments . 
  now they lose that control that they paid for , not by voluntary exchange , but by someone just taking control of their property on their terms . 
  luxury apartments are usually not about size , but about location , materials and amenities . 
  of course they are bigger than average apartment , but by no means are they the cheapest way to get some space for accommodation . 
  it smells like populism to me . 
  it seems easier to confiscate their `` luxury holiday speculation flats '' than for example just to just forcibly loan rich people 's unused `` luxury speculation holiday '' cash reserves on government determined interest . 
  they should offer free syrian arabic and culture lessons to pakistani and afgan migrants . 
  forcibly renting property with the rent determined by one doing the forcing is against private ownership . 
  of course this gets done a lot for city planning reasons , but nevertheless it is not without problems . 
  someone taking control of your car from parking lot ( unused ) and later paying some amount they calculated fair is a lot like stealing . 
  one problem is , that even if these migrants would be grateful when they arrive , that feeling will fade away when they compare they lives to the natives they live next to . 
  by the latest the second generation will feel bitter that they will most probably be poorer than the native population . 
  social status is very heritable and most probably vast majority of migrants will be in the lowest classes . 
  native lower classes feel resentment toward the rich and middle classes even with generous social security and wealth transfers . 
  when there is ethnic component to this , the resentment will be more disruptive and explosive . 
  well invading a neighboring country ( and a european country especially ) kind of does that . 
  everybody gets all against you and want you to be left out of nice things . 
  no one wants winter olympics so it 's ok . 
  intolerance is a bad word . 
  prejudice would be better . 
  i confess i would let my prejudice to act differently towards people i recognize as eastern european gypsies : if i would encounter a car with a hood up on the side of a road and a person next to it waving me to stop , i would less likely stop if the person waving me to stop looks like a romanian roma and the car has eastern european plates . 
  newspaper stories have prejudiced me to be wary of roma 's asking for road side assistance . 
  i 've mostly heard about the gift from his mother . 
  did he avoid taxes in other ways . 
  the gift seems pretty innocuous to me . 
  it 's legal and something every family would probably do , except that they would have a lot less to give as gifts . 
  most of light pollution is from roads . 
  northern europe , like sweden or finland has a lot more light pollution per capita than southern europe , because sweden and finland have long dark winters and heavily invest for road safety . 
  cars do have lights , but lit roads are a lot more visible . 
  especially if there is any traffic . 
  unlit roads with oncoming traffic makes you completely blind for a while . 
  when it 's snowing it 's even worse . 
  for pedestrians unlit roads are extremely unsafe . 
  i would like to see sky full of stars too , but have to say that i really hate driving on unlit roads , especially during winter and snowfall . 
  it 's scary . 
  you ca n't see anything when there is traffic against you . 
  i 'm not a fan of unlit pedestrian streets either . 
  darkness is great when you are alone in nature , not so great when there are other people around . 
  traditions of finnish nudity come out of poverty .
