  finns like personal space , but heating a sauna is expensive so you ca n't have that much personal space there . 
  i just read about the thirties . 
  in the men only sauna 's that the dirty talking lumberjacks used it was customary to cover your genitals with your hands especially when entering or leaving the sauna . 
  they probably would have worn swimtrunks if they would have afforded them . 
  they would n't wear underwear , because using their old underwear that they had used for a week would be kind of against the whole idea of cleaning yourself . 
  and they did n't own too many pairs of underwear so they could n't use the clean ones because they would get wet . 
  nowadays it 's become part of finnish mythologizing for foreigners to exaggerate how at ease we are with nudity . 
  it 's also the only work of his that is translated to english . 
  attackers apparently tolerate people being tall or russian , but not both . 
  aleksanterinkatu ( alexander 's street ) after alexander i of russia is probably the most common street named after a person . 
  europe will sacrifice kurdish people and ukraine for a chance to stop immigrant flow . 
  we will accept assad and seem to pine for the good old days of saddam , gaddafi and every other corrupt autocrat that provided stability at least for the time being . 
  unfortunately it 's not a solution to the immigration crisis . 
  more people are coming , because of poorest people get enough money to immigrate . 
  traveling and information is cheaper than it was . 
  i guess the sobering effect of functioning neutral sweden as a neighbour and friend and the pro-democracy and pro-ethnic-autonomy usa with woodrow wilson were pretty important to the mix . 
  finland was probably one of the main beneficiaries of wilson 's idealistic policies and league of nations . 
  there was a german prince chosen to be the king of finland and the ruling classes of finland were probably ready to become vassals of imperial germany . 
  but germany lost the war so we elected a president instead . 
  finland was dependent on wheat imports . 
  wwi disrupted trade and there was famine in cities that were most dependent on imported wheat . 
  most contested issue before violence of finnish civil war broke out was the composition of foodboards that were in charge of distributing scarce grains . 
  mentioning what was removed will get your comment removed . 
  now the `` no medicine '' makes more sense . 
  they were promised medicine and now they are disappointed that they do n't get medicine . 
  not that they have anything particular wrong with them . 
  but they were promised medicine . 
  delicious money food !, 
  resubmitted . 
  previous entry with title : '' finland : asylum seeker in hunger strike : `` we want our money . '' . 
  says that is humiliated and treated like animal , wants un to help . '', 
  was removed due to editorializing . 
  i feel i was accurately paraphrasing the interview , but what can you do . 
  well some staying in tents in joutseno already complained that it 's hot in the tents and cold outside and the temperature differences is making their old bullet-wounds ache . 
  they do n't like the tents and want to get rid of them . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of solution they are looking for . 
  i 'm sure it 's not lowering the inside temperatures to match the outside temperatures . 
  one of the issues mentioned is that they were served brown rice . 
  now they have switched to white rice due to complains . 
  but it 's not like finnish school children or hospital patients prefer the brown rice . 
  it is offered because it 's more healthy . 
  but i can understand that if you are used to white rice then brown rice or pearl barley does n't taste too delicious . 
  they are offered food in their asylum centre . 
  but they do not like it . 
  i think the bigger issue is that in some other asylum centres they get cash money instead of food . 
  in this asylum centre they do n't have kitchens for them to make food individually so they provide breakfast , lunch , dinner and evening snack . 
  probably also afternoon coffee and bun . 
  are there big regional difference ? 
  well i 'm pretty sure there are , but i 'd be interested in any insight . 
  spent couple of months in arhangelsk . 
  it was a bandy town . 
  what is the most popular sport in st. petersburg or moscow ? 
  european remake of their holiday hit rotisserie chicken, 
  or it could mean just giving us less non-european content , so european content has bigger share . 
  but sex-ed being one of the first educational thing they encounter in europe can exaggerate the expectations they have about europe as a place for limitless sexual opportunities . 
  it 's like a sex ed pamphlet given out to anyone flying to pattaya . 
  it reinforces the idea that this place is about sex . 
  and it 's ok and normal to focus and seek sex , everyone else is apparently . 
  and for actual sex ed , it mostly had that effect to me whe i was teenager . 
  it put some pressure to have sex , because it gave signal it is very prevalent and other young people are having sex . 
  it did n't matter that they said that there is no hurry and peers probably exaggerate their sexual experience . 
  part of the problem with harassment and rape might be due to their expectations that europe is hedonistic , immoral place , where girls are easy and sex is abundant . 
  it 's like some decadent amusement park where normal rules do n't apply . 
  like some western tourist going to pattaya and assuming that everyone is there open to be propositioned for paid sex . 
  please elaborate, 
  but in voting system like this means that even small diaspora voting for something is more powerful than majority actively not voting for some hated country . 
  of course ukraine got tons of votes and attention because of politics . 
  no one is denying that , but it 's equally clear that russian diaspora gives huge boost to russia 's televote . 
  polarization of political opinion probably will make diasporas more powerful . 
  how do i make it sound like that ? 
  it 's just a major reason why russia will always do extremely well on popular votes . 
  i did n't send any secret messages about russians being worth less than regular people . 
  it 's not just diaspora voting , quality of russian entry will matter , but russia will win popular vote with poorer entries than another country would . 
  serbia does have a pretty special relationship with russia . 
  one reason pure audience vote would be boring is that russia would win too often because it has massive headway due to diaspora and reasons . 
  do you think the juries are biased against poland due to political reasons too ? 
  big russian diaspora will give big boost to russia in every popular vote . 
  assuming that juries are political , but televote gives the true picture is silly . 
  russia would n't win popular vote without it 's massive diaspora . 
  saunas can only be brown , grey and black . 
  also the promo photos are too well lit . 
  it 's not like burger king dyes it 's burgers bright red white and blue . 
  but it 's teuvo loman . 
  what do you expect from a guy who dresses like he does . 
  does n't seem to understand sauna or the way colors affect users of space . 
  the premises they rented probably just had a sauna . 
  so they kept renting it out like the previous restaurant bar , but decided redecorate it to get some publicity . 
  here 's some other places renting saunas in helsinki : http://www.saunaonline.fi/saunat/helsinki this burger king sauna has great location and the tv in the sauna is nice . 
  disturbing colors inside the sauna though . 
  have you a lot of experience walking long distances ? 
  biggest danger is an injury . 
  an injury might develop a bit sneakily and then in the end take months to recover . 
  so rest enough , do n't walk too long , and take pains seriously . 
  but it 's still local news . 
  i think spiegel , bbc and others make a mistake reporting it . 
  they know that there was no political motive and it victims just happened to be journalists ( of a very small local newspaper ) and a councilwoman of a very small town . 
  so it is not significant enough , but it is still reported because it can look significant . 
  you can make a juicy headline . 
  it 's not good journalism . 
  dear iceland foods , mrs. walker thought of a good name .
