the truth is catalans discriminate against native spaniards bullshit propaganda . 
  please link me any reasonable studies showing any such thing . 
  mainly because most catalans still consider themselves to be native spaniards and some of the most prominent independentist leaders are sons of spaniards from other regions . 
   it seems like the secessionists only want to be socialist when they recieve , and not give money . 
  no argument here , i 've never bought into the economic reasons for the secession of catalonia . 
   we should secede because we are different . 
  most catalan traditions ( ti\u00f3 , sardana , castells ) are less than 100 years old yeah , so are a huge percentage of popular traditions throughout europe and the world , what 's your point ? 
  the argument from antiquity is such a feeble one that bears very little consideration ,  a language that mind you is not hard for a spaniard to understand , it is not far from speaking with a very heavy accent neither are other romance languages like portuguese or italian ( in fact , catalan is lexically more similar to portuguese than spanish ) . 
  does that diminish the validity of their sovereignty , or their status as nations ? 
   got linked to al-qaeda and isis on official media that last paragraph is just total nonsense , but this part is incredible . 
  yes , the big bad indedependentists are teaming up with isis and al-qaeda to take down the glorious spanish nation . 
  fuck off with this kind of bullshit . 
  i 'm not an independentist , but everything you 've posted here show you to be the mirror image of the most hardcore independentists , it 's just that the propaganda that you swallow happens to be on the other side . 
   i do not understand how you claim he announced he was pro independence in 2012 . 
  how is this difficult to understand ? 
  its demonstrably true , ciu jumped on the independence train when they saw an opportunity . 
   a perfect example as to why most pro independence guys are n't really thinking that hard is plataforma per catalunya . 
  a racist , xenophobic weird as platform where half of them are pro independence yeah , i do n't think you really know what you 're talking about . 
  it 's very hard to take what you say seriously when you say stuff like that . 
  they 're as pro-independence as the podemos are franco sympathisers . 
  either way , they 're a completely irrelevant party , they got 8/9069 ( less than 0.1 % ) aldermen in the last municipal elections and did n't even present themselves in the general ones . 
  there 's not much to be disheartened about . 
  this whole post just reeks of anti-independentist propaganda , and i 'm not even pro-independence . 
  partially , but it 's these lazy dismissals of the separatist cause which has caused it to snowball and grow as big as it is . 
  yeah , but a unilateral secession would be insane . 
  look at the complexity of leaving the eu , an organism much less intertwined with its member states than catalonia is with spain . 
  i do n't think there 's enough political or popular will to push the nation through the long tortuous process of unilateral secession . 
  it 's not just rhe salaries either ( which can be like 50 % less than a place like germany in some sectors ) - the work conditions are so much better outside of spain too . 
  is n't the average age in spain projected to get older ? 
  i would n't hold my breath . 
  we have a ruling party that has enough people implicated in corruption scandals to have their own prison , and they were still the party with most votes . 
  there 's very little hope for spain . 
  you high , i 'd cry if we lost all their food . 
  best food in spain , imo . 
  too early to say really . 
  basically all of the political parties have burnt bridges in regards to each other , any sort of coalition seems unlikely , so we might see pp forming a government through abstention . 
  it 's purely conjecture at this point though , all we can say is the pp is slightly reinforced by this . 
  well , the biggest corruption scandals in spain have involved banks like bankia and their incredible amounts of corruption . 
  you can hardly blame people in spain for disliking the financial sector . 
  it 's because of how much you watch la secta, 
  you 're right . 
  ~ ~ podemos held steady though , even gained a bit from 2015 but the problem is all that ciudadanos lost went straight to the pp . ~ ~ nope , podemos did indeed lose more than i realised . 
  welp , that ciudadanos collapse is impressive . 
  they 've consistently lost so much steam in the past year and a half , at this rate we 'll see albert rivera on supervivientes before the end of the year . 
  tell that to the uk, 
  one can qualify the catalan coalition as many things , but stable is not one of them . 
  you have the old catalan aristocrats that rely on the support of the anti-capitalist , marxist left . 
  when soraya is announced , i hope the lights dim and she comes on to the stage - only for her to take her mask off and reveal herself to be aguirre . 
  i think calling the debate around catalan secession a `` party issue '' is totally misguided . 
  when you have demonstrations with hundreds of thousands to millions of people on the streets , when the driving force behind the issue are grassroots organisations and not political ones - the issue transcends internal political conflicts - even though parties like convergencia have undoubtedly tried to use it to their advantage . 
  i 'm not even in favor of secession , but the political stalemate in catalonia will only be broken with a referendum - i 'm tired of the political discussion revolving exclusively around this one issue . 
  as for the simple majority vs supermajority , i 'm not entirely convinced yet . 
  it 's an issue that should be discussed when they sit down and acknowledge that the desire for a referendum ca n't go on ignored like it has , and that an open , honest debate should be had . 
  it 's not , and i never claimed it was , but making that kind of decision a democratic one is . 
  if the results are confirmed , will dj soraya drop a remix of that latin pp-anthem at the celebrations tonight ? 
  what happens if the situation repeats ? 
  is there some mechanism to prevent this from happening 6 months from now again ? 
  none . 
  podemos are the closest thing , but they 're not in favor of leaving the eu . 
  they 're not against decentralisation per-se , they 're against the idea of a region becoming independent . 
  it 's worth noting that this block is more conservative in issues like religion , animal rights ( basically bullfighting ) or obviously national unity than their party-counterparts in places like catalonia or the basque country . 
  that 's one of the major topics of conflict between the socialists and podemos . 
  podemos have implied they 're pro-referendum , while the socialists are split . 
  one of the strongest factions in the socialist party , the andalusian block , is totally against it , it 's non-negotiable while the catalan block are at least willing to discuss the issue . 
  it may be the key to forming a government . 
  that will definitely be a factor too . 
  there does seem to be a general tiredness about the whole situation though , i think many people are fed up of the political stalemate of the past 6 months . 
  wholly unsurprising , and it 'll be interesting to see if this fall is equally reflected across the board for all political parties or just a few . 
  the belief in the `` political regeneration '' of the country lasted one election cycle . 
  there 's a lot of people in british academia that are reliant on eu funding and grants . 
  it 's difficult to see the uk putting up the same amount of funds for their researchers - many of whom are non-british eu nationals . 
  12 % drop ... jesus christ, 
  i honestly do n't think a podemos led government will be in power though . 
  master 's are a different rate anyways , the 9000 is for undergrads . 
  lol they have internet in andalusia ? 
  back to the fields , peasant . 
  well , the current government is the one that holds most of these nationalists but hopefully after sunday they 'll be out of power - and then we 'll see how the gibraltar-spain dynamic changes . 
   we do n't want gibraltar at all !, 
  some people definitely do , but i agree that the invading stuff is pure over-reaction and fearmongering . 
  there 's some truth about what you 're saying , but in that case why is andorra never talked about in these tones ? 
  one 's sovereignty is respected while the other 's is not , despite being very similar examples . 
  you can take galiza but only if you take our prime minister with you . 
  separatism in wales is very low because of the relative poverty compared to the rest of the uk , it would really be economical suicide for them to leave . 
  when you killed william wallace in braveheart, 
  lol i 'm pretty sure at this point gibraltar would rather become morocco 's ceuta/melilla than have anything to do with the spanish government . 
  i do feel for all the people who have to regularly commute between border there , it 's already a chaos atm - it could even get worse . 
  i 'm well aware of the practices of the spanish government , but even they would n't dare question the outcome of a legal referendum backed by the uk . 
  if the uk finds a separation legitimate , spain have no grounds to limit scotland 's access to the uk . 
  for them , the question of catalan independence is totally unrelated to the scottish one . 
  they would n't ; the spanish government sees the uk-backed referendum and possible consequences of it as perfectly legitimate , unlike their own separatist problems . 
  it 's apples and oranges - at least according to them . 
  no they would n't , it 's a completely separate situation . 
  why would spain veto them ? 
  the spanish government has never declared the possible independence of scotland as illegitimate ( as it has with the catalan one ), 
  very true . 
  also worth noting is the possible effects on the independentist movement , they 'll see how messy and costly any sort of split can be ( and this will be bilateral ) - the brexit is n't exactly the independence movement so many people were expecting from the uk either . 
  what kind of support did a reunification have in both of the irelands pre-brexit ? 
  could this cause a realistic swing large enough to realistically cause a reunification , or is it just posturing from sinn f\u00e9in ? 
  i see your point , but i 'm not convinced this will dishearten podemos ' voter base too much - most of them would take a market hit if it means the breaking of the status quo , i think . 
  surely a c 's government , with its own `` neo-liberal light '' economic plans would give the markets a boost ?
