in the cayman islands . 
  well the [ havok game engine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/havok_%28software%29 ) was created by an irish company . 
  european federalists : no european can rest until the merkaliphate is established, 
  syndrome of a down, 
  i 'm sure putin completely empathizes but as he is at pains to remind us `` there are no russian troops in ukraine '' what can he actually do ? 
  will you go to the prom with me , america ? 
  ... at eating badly , warmongering & succesful school shootings . 
  they are not being forced to sing anything , the spanish anthem has no words . 
  what you saying about playing as different countries it would be more akin to the north of england having its own team , uk is not comparable . 
  yes because it wo n't do anything . 
  if it was renamed copa espa\u00f1a people would still complain about the political conotations . 
  clearly representative of all spaniards thoughts . 
  booing an anthem is classless and aggressive . 
  and that is a positive for both teams ? 
  if they really wanted to make a statement about independence they should have demanded their teams secede from the competition called the copa del rey ( kings cup ) , booing is about as effective as doing nothing . 
  edit : you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  notice : all gay germans !, 
  leave berlin and come to ireland !, 
  bring euros . 
  marriage is basically like a business deal ( in the governments eyes ) . 
  lets combine our resources so we can achieve more & get some tax breaks while we are at it . 
  edit : all that love stuff is a load of bollox . 
  ye that 's working out well for australia / s, 
  because it is in the constitution written by men and woman who were fresh off fighting with britain for independence . 
  as it stands even irish citizens can not vote if they are not in the country . 
  maybe one day we will have a referendum to amend these things . 
  your opening a can of worms there mate . 
  they are not like for like . 
  ireland being independent from the uk notwithstanding and northern ireland being the continuation of ireland 's presence in the uk . 
  the uk government decided to not change provisions for irish citizens despite ireland gaining independence . 
  r/europe anti-left circle jerk, 
  welsh  scottish  english . 
  come to ireland !, 
  bring money . 
  ah democracy . 
  i noticed the scots did n't ban non scots living in scotland in the indyref and by all accounts it was those who helped swing it . 
  as opposed to a fascista, 
  introduce you * to *, 
  this is correct . 
  we have a very detailed constitution which requires regular societal upkeep . 
  that was their only shot, 
  my mother . 
  \u00a8 heres $ 10,000 ( do n't worry about that yet ) , get your first born son braces . \u00a8, 
  quick straw poll . 
  which european country says `` psych '' ? 
  it 's all very bill and ted, 
  would n't really be europe then . 
  and no . 
  do n't see the americans opening borders and lose control of immigration, 
  well ... it worked, 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  there are arguably a lot of people who hold irish passports but have never set foot in ireland . 
  should they have a vote in a land they have never been ? 
  bit pathetic . 
  no fan of nigel but they just make themselves look like children picking on the kid from the \u00a8 weird \u00a8 family . 
  ironically the people who would vote for it are n't there . 
  this could be easily remedied by having a limit set on the amount of years you have been living away from ireland . 
  we are all lubed up and ready , friday ca n't come sooner . 
  had to check the calendar to make sure it was n't 1942 . 
  caught in a landslide no escape from reality open your eyes look up to the skies and see i 'm just a poor boy , i need no sympathy because i 'm easy come , easy go a little high , little low anyway the wind blows , does n't really matter to me , to me, 
  lets hope ireland gets some sympathy votes in relation to our marriage equality referendum . 
  we should focus on building a bridge from ireland to the continent first . 
   putin careful now, 
  spam, 
  maybe everyone will speak french now !, 
  * maybe everyone will speak french now !, 
  no , only the religious fringe . 
  like in britain a few nutters always have the loudest voice for some reason . 
  i guess normal people do n't feel they need to rally against the status quo if it currently reflects their attitude . 
  make no mistake these fuckers do not represent any great sway of \u00a8 useful \u00a8 irish society . 
  yeah just trying to destroy our culture and giving us some genocide was enough . 
  irelands gdp obviously too big for chart and has been cropped out to to save delicate eu relations . 
  does n't really bother me , it allows us to fly under the political radar and plot world domination freely . 
  yeah , but i had a crazy idea . 
  thought i would share it . 
  i have a crazy idea . 
  why do n't we call them the `` british and irish isles '' . 
  - thank you scotland for the great whiskey . 
  you mean whisky . 
  whiskey is irish , 
  poor germans . 
  always struggling to make it in life . 
  ireland ate a lot of potatoes in small portions for along time . 
  the magic trick everyone seems to miss about weight loss is that you can eat anything you want just at extreme small portions and you will lose weight . 
  while i agree with you completely , i was mainly commenting on this photo alone . 
  he 's got a nice small plate set up , plenty of green and the steak looks well sourced from a reputable farm . 
  that will go through his digestion well , keep him quite regular and sate him for at least 8 hours of labour . 
  those fries however are so greasy looking i had to wipe my screen after i closed the tab . 
  believe it or not the meat is quite healthy . 
  its the trans-fats of the fries that are the worst thing in this photo . 
  [ landscape and society in contemporary ireland ] ( http://www.corkuniversitypress.com/product-p/9781909005716.htm ), 
  you 're never far from employment in prague as long as you can sell your body . 
  our government pilfered that and privatised the leftovers long ago . 
  there is a massive apple plant in ireland but it does n't really produce anything ... just their for tax purposes really . 
  your poor son, 
  i 'd venture the people commenting on `` old schoolcool '' are not the type to be aware of history in such detail . 
  the comments you mention are n't deep held beliefs , they are superficial observations and amateur opinions taken from ideas and images in fictional movies they may have seen . 
  ok i 'll agree . 
  it was a hefty bit of land mass no longer part of the british empire . 
  being a colony or not does n't really matter no ?
