  unfortunately it 's a highly overlooked art . 
  poetry is very powerful and entertaining at it 's best . 
  rap music helps a bit but that just is n't the same . 
  estonian is more song like , finnish is very on point without many intonations . 
  some older people speak with the familiar rally dialect but i think many younger people pronounce remarkably well . 
  i 've had foreign people ask in finland where i 'm from because they always assume finns all talk with that rally accent . 
  no no , [ juha kankkunen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es0st9p4zqg ) and [ tommi m\u00e4kinen ] ( https://youtu.be/c2aqaelx6zq?t=1m36s ) are the two kings of rallienglanti . 
  edit : that latter one is tommi m\u00e4kinen hearing in finish , after the last rally of the season , that the biggest rival to him carlos sainz had his caught on fire . 
  sainz was on his way to a sure win and consequently winning the championship . 
  m\u00e4kinen is already interviewed by the finnish media about feelings of finishing the season at 2nd place when he gets the call . 
  i think fast food places are popular for the ease they provide . 
  if any of the reasons for their popularity was not having to tip would n't you think they 'd advertise that ? 
  i have never seen an ad telling `` here in jack in the box you do n't have to tip ! '', 
  many spots still have border control even if in the schengen area . 
  some may have slightly varied laws about certain special cargo for instance and they wan na have the infrastructure to deal with these . 
  you dont assemble your dogs ? 
  [ could this help to pick a place ? 
  could be better . 
  could be a lot worse . 
  there 's 30 % chance we already are zombies . 
  hey !, 
  just say what is written , i just told you . 
  how hard can * that * be ... :( yeah , i told this to my dutch friend who had just started learning finnish and turns out , very hard . 
  after a year and he still does n't quite get it . 
  that phlegm sound they produce is a tough one to get rid of . 
  and you ca n't get much service in finnish at the deepest heartlands of swedish speaking area of finland . 
  having said that , who would wan na go there anyways ... :p, 
  you weird-sounding beautiful neighbor , once again correct . 
  not everyone by all means , but most under 50 understand it . 
  the younger the sample size gets the better the english is . 
  infants are fluent on it !, 
  :p there are tons of english language tv-shows and movies and games and people pick ip english largely on their own . 
  i started english in schools at age 9 ( 3rd grade ) where we get the grammatical stuff , and i think it might be even sooner these days . 
  we also can pick another foreign language few years later , and swedish lessons begin at age 13 ( 7th grade ) . 
  ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) well , mostly in ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) turkey yyyyyyyeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh i 'll show myself out . 
  but first , a real answer : turkey is n't that popular in finland tbh . 
  no traditional big stuffed bird like they have in the us . 
  we do have sliced turkey meat and i sometimes opt for a package if i 'm fed up with the usual ham on a sandwich . 
  which is obviously on top of any cheese slices . 
  ham on top of cheese , that 's the way good people roll . 
  ah mahatma , that warmongering nutcase ( for those that do n't know , gandhi 's willingness to warfare was originally set to zero but for some reason that resulted in him always working fast to get nuclear weapons and getting into war with them ) . 
  dogs are common but i think it 's still the minority that actually owns one . 
  more common in countryside . 
  some people hunt and have a purpose-built dog for that . 
  in larger cities having a dog might be harder . 
  [ they 're on to us !, 
  ] ( https://media1.giphy.com/media/zxzr2pp6qu64g/giphy.gif ), 
  thank you !, 
  now tell that to those fools to the west of us . 
  try finland . 
  we read text just as it 's written . 
  no silent letter or nothing . 
  only small exception is that we shorten the sounds . 
  so if a sole * a * is read as `` aa '' , within words it 's just `` a '' . 
  not sure if that made any sense . 
  finland - we got nothing . 
  say no more . 
  my five-year-old starts his training now . 
  very nice . 
  as people are educated they speak fluent english and they are more or less welcoming to foreigners . 
  prices are high , just like they are in every nordic state . 
  and taxation , that 's high as well . 
  but you get a high living standards thanks to that . 
  violence is low , though thanks to some issues surrounding asylum seekers there are places that are going a bit bad . 
  no reason to bother yourself with that , all in all sweden is still top notch . 
  if you have you are labeled as nutty religious person . 
  my dad 's uncle is deeply religious fella but even he does n't take it that far . 
  i 'll estimate that 90 % of finns who still are members of the church do not actively practice religion . 
  they go there if there 's a wedding , confirmation , baptism or a funeral . 
  there 's this stupid show where artists go and cry together about the struggles they have in their life had and then they interpret others songs . 
  it 's extremely awful . 
  and very popular , according to last weeks viewership figures it had 1,3 million viewers and in a country of 5,5 million people that is ridiculous . 
  tv news have usually the most viewers . 
  finns seem to enjoy reality tv , one of the other popular shows include one where single farmers try to find a spouse . 
  sweden . 
  i 've grown accustomed to certain lifestyle and certain set of cultural rules and i think they more or less are identical there . 
  it 's clean , they enjoy high living standards , they are educated , they are overall nice people and we can share our disgust about how easy norway has it all . 
  cue [ celebration dance !, 
  ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view/760779/carlton-dance-o.gif ), 
  ireland has leprechauns , but i 'm not sure if that is a good thing . 
  well ... the swedish crown-princess estelle marries my son ( i 'd be okay with it just do n't tell the missus ) , and this is then seen as such a huge thing our nations decide to merge into great-finland . 
  that 's our side done . 
  i 'll let the other ones figure out how they 'll join the party . 
  not while eu is still a thing but if , knock on wood , eu would come crashing down i 'm sure we would begin to deepen our relations even further and form kalmar union 2.0 . 
  not necessarily a unified state but a very close working union . 
  the advantage we have is that we are relatively similar states in terms of population , gdp per capita and overall welfare of people . 
  that was my favorite tv-show when i was a 10yo !, 
  me and my buddies always made sure to see that . 
  i even made the same type of breads to eat while i watched it . 
  sure . 
  jazz scene is n't very big in finland either but there are a few high quality band and it 's getting bigger . 
  those are my shit !, 
  i watched them with my dad all the time . 
  also , kommissar rex but that might be austrian . 
  if there 's one thing you can do it 's detective shows . 
  i mean you had a friggin dog as the main character and it was still awesome . 
  did that one fella ever get to eat his sandwich ? 
  is not having jazz connected to it being an american thing ? 
  that 's a shame . 
  i 've never seen a russian movie but we did have an ukranian tv-show `` the sniffer '' ( terrible title ) on tv and i think they talked russian .
