  there are likely some duplicates . 
  these names come mostly from finnish mythology , which has some similarities to the more known norse mythology but is still it 's own one with largely unique names . 
  * ukko ylijumala * = * ukko `` supreme god '' * ) for instance is the finnish version of thor/odin . 
  thor , and all the variations of it and tyr . 
  i think norse mythology names all are uncommon outside the nordic countries . 
  most of the common names are usually derived from the bible . 
  the finnish lapland and the ruggedness of it all . 
  that 's where my heart is a peace . 
  i like the alps , i like the beautiful cities in europe , i like the nature of other countries too . 
  but that rugged nature with no connections to outside world , just hills after hills and nature . 
  sigh . 
  if i have to choose where to go , that 's where i go . 
  i can go down to 999 $, 
  no problem . 
  yeah civil war tears countries apart . 
  during our independence day we celebrate and remember ww2 , not the actual independence because it 's so closely related to the civil war . 
  it 's interesting to see how much civil war documentaries we will get the upcoming year , it marking the 1st centennial of our independence . 
  the finnish civil war of 1918 is still largely a taboo . 
  it effectively ripped finland in two , the right-wing `` whites '' and leftist `` reds '' . 
  the first was backed by germany and had loads of finnish ww1 veteran soldiers that had been part of the german [ jaegerbattalion 27 . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/27th_j\u00e4ger_battalion_ ( finland \\ ) that was mainly constructed from finnish volunteers . 
  `` reds '' were backed by russians , but mostly only by weapon deliveries . 
  the `` whites '' won the war and many of the jaegerbattalion veterans ended up as officers in the newly formed defence forces and eventually as key leaders in ww2 . 
  whites were led by cge mannerheim who later served as the commander in chief during ww2 and as the president and is considered as one of the greatest finns . 
  the civil war is controversial due to the large executions performed in pow camps , especially by the whites . 
  ww2 is sometimes seen as a war that brought these two sides back together to fight the common enemy though the left-wingers probably did n't see the war as clearly like that . 
  still , the civil war is a moment in our young country 's history that is not talked as much as ww2 , and now that the people who witnessed it are deceased many aspects of that war is good as forgotten and/or gone . 
  some families in some 50 years ago had deep tensions because of the civil war but the current generations thankfully do not share those feelings as deeply . 
  it 's just a friendly banter . 
  i think many if not all countries have their versions of turku jokes . 
  turku and tampere especially have a deep rivalry , students from tampere regularly go to the border of turku or the market square with iron levers and shovels and try to hinge turku out from finland and set it to sea . 
  [ here is a finnish article of one attempt from -13 . 
  ] ( http://www.werkkoanturi.fi/artikkelit/2013/5/talla_irroitamme_turun_suomesta%253a_turkuxq ) those fuckers seem to be good sports and take these jokes well . 
  but religions were not a thing in communistic state . 
  it 's just 30 years since the fall of the soviet , and the stuff op linked to clearly shows russia and even estonia view religions in that way . 
  sure there can be rise in religious ideologies but that source indicates that religions are still not very big there . 
  in fact it would be strange if there would n't be a rising trend in church attendance , going from zero to `` freedom of religion '' is bound to make someone religious . 
  i 'd say it 's 50/50 . 
  `` englantilainen '' is very common , though `` brittil\u00e4inen '' is probably just as much . 
  orthodox countries were mostly in ussr . 
  they banned religion and i 'd venture a guess that still has an affect on their religious views . 
  though we have had monarchy . 
  lasted for half-a-year before the german born king-to-be chose not to take the crown due to ww1 's end result and the harm it might bring to finland had we had german ties . 
  president 's office was by enlarge just planted on top of that monarchy system so president had loads of power . 
  that position has been diverted since then to more of a ceremonial role . 
  very to all . 
  til !, 
  makes sense though , expensive materials would 've been cheaper to recycle to new buildings . 
  on that note , mona lisa in louvre is kinda overrated too . 
  such a big crowd trying to look at a tiny painting . 
  there are other much more enjoyable pieces there , after you 've seen the glimpse of la gioconda you are better off enjoying the rest of that museum . 
  the finnish railway system , or the problems it keeps having because of leaves/snow/moisture / elks/other trains/vehicles/trees / nothing on rail tracks . 
  it 's like ... halfway finished ? 
  call us again when you finally finish building it . 
  a bit cheaper to maintain and generally everyone should know how to drive stick . 
  you feel more in control when you drive a manual car . 
  both have their advantages . 
  i still sometimes listen to `` den glider in '' as i go to sleep . 
  but dammit , you do usually beat us :(, 
  the best part of sweden are it 's eastern neighbors . 
  we make jokes about swedes because secretly we like them . 
  but do n't tell them i said this !, 
  we have loads of similarities , and share very similar pov on the world . 
  seriously they might be the best country you could be neighbor to . 
  well , maybe the 2nd best . 
  glad you liked it . 
  especially the people . 
  some say we are reserved but that 's more like a `` handsome respectable breathing room '' we give to each other  definitely going to my list of places in poland to see , thanks !, 
  fun indeed !, 
  as i 've understood stockholm is basically bunch of islands . 
  a few tactical torpedos in correct spots and that whole construction comes crashing down , 
  after that last year 's submarine conflict i 'm not sure if even stockholm is swedish anymore . 
  [ yes . . 
  i mean no !, 
  watched that ben stiller movie `` secret life of walter mitty '' . 
  started saving money to visit there immediately as the credits began rolling . 
  thanks man , now i 'm [ drooling . 
  ] ( https://media3.giphy.com/media/avilymb74xhk/giphy.gif ), 
  yay , you liked the nordics . 
  nice , might i ask why though ? 
  i enjoy living here , but it 's nice to hear some outsiders 's pov . 
  poland is one of the countries i 'm desperate to visit , you have a long and tough history behind yourself , would be nice to visit museums and see and learn about all of that . 
  \u00c5land should be considered it 's own country . 
  it 's so different to finland . 
  nah , spain is huge . 
  i 've been to bilbao and barcelona . 
  would 've been another week in that journey had i gone to portugal as well . 
  hehe , nice . 
  but i thought most danes travel sweden regularly , are you an exception or am i wrong ? 
  finland too !, 
  we have conscription for men , so many of the finnish men have had basic training in assault rifles . 
  depending on the branch they might have had an opportunity to train with other weapons too . 
  i have had a go with assault rifle , light and heavy machine guns , few pistols and an aa cannon . 
  i do n't condemn weapons as a hobby but i 'm all for tight regulations and gun control . 
  i do not want to live in a place where carrying a sidearm in public is okay . 
  i do not hunt or even have a weapon myself but if someone wants one and passes all the regulations then i 'm okay with it . 
  but there needs to be very strict rules on how you store them !, 
  just last saturday three women were shot in finland using someone else 's hunting rifle . 
  a norwegian , a swede and a finn had a competition to see who could stay in sauna the longest . 
  the trio sat on the sauna bench and stayed there a while until the norwegian caved .
