  what changes ? 
  poor people wont afford any schooling ? 
  i guess your thought process is that will give less taxation . 
  i will gladly pay more taxes if that gives better education for everyone . 
  it 's the best way to use tax money really . 
  of course !, 
  humppa music will never die . 
  you mean by taxes ? 
  sure of course , but that covers almost all of it , including lunches , books until go to `` highschool '' and such . 
  or do you mean by not having more efficient system and thus losing opportunity to perform better ? 
  sure . 
  but i like how it 's paid from taxes , that 's how it should always go . 
  we just need to tweak the system to better help individuals and not just look for good average score . 
  not really no . 
  overrated , helps the worst of the worst , keeps the mid-level students at middle and does nothing but harm for the gifted . 
  i like that you do n't have to pay much but it could be so much better . 
  it 's definitely an acquired taste but once you get it it 's the best candy there is . 
  john oliver put it very well then . 
  sweden - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw3e64soseg . 
  we like to make fun of them but secretly we are jealous because they seem to do most things better , and we love to have them as close neighbors . 
  norway - poor asthmatic people skiing to everywhere when not drilling for oil . 
  also jealous , but less than with swedes . 
  denmark - like swedes , but with a potato inserted in their mouths . 
  russia - all the common russian stereotypes apply here . 
  they are arrogant , beautiful , ignorant , blind , drunk , self-centered weirdos driving either ladas or very expensive german cars . 
  they do n't respect any laws . 
  there is a strong hatred towards them , and we are very cautious with them . 
  but i kinda like how they keep us and the whole world at our toes . 
  but my god , that is the most irrational country on the face of this planet . 
  even north korea is more predictable . 
  estonia - they are either like finns with a hilarious accent or russians ( see , `` russia '' ) . 
  we are shocked at why someone bothers to learn it , but then try to help and assist on that talk . 
  it 's not as hard as you 'd think . 
  i learned it when i was less than 2 for christ 's sake !, 
  that is bogus . 
  we got a ton of assistance from our nordic friends . 
  and , you were living your own small wars and incidents with germany so how could we really insist you to help us more than you did . 
  we thank you wholeheartedly for any help we received no matter how big or small gesture . 
  i 'm sorry if some have shown lack of respect , they do n't know what they 're talking . 
  talvisota is n't that difficult subject , in fact that sometimes seems like the only subject people want to talk about . 
  i think many aspects previously kept away are now being opened . 
  like what the actual goal for the soviet was . 
  we know that they had placed a [ puppet regime ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_wille_kuusinen#head_of_the_terijoki_government ) that would have seized control of the country had ussr successfully gained control of finland , so it 's fairly easy to guesstimate that finland would have become another soviet state . 
  finland served as a great land where to gain control of the baltic sea , and russia needed cover for leningrad . 
  germany , seen how we were able to stop russias initial attack during the winter war , saw their chance for assisting us during the continuation war and thus gain sizeable advantage on the baltic sea . 
  much of our ww2 battles have been romanticized but i think the major points have been taught and seen truthfully . 
  we were attacked , had we lost we would have become a soviet state , we were able to stop the offences and gain a `` defensive victory '' against an enemy that had our number in every aspect of the war . 
  only great military tactics and smart usage of very sparse material and manpower helped us overcome the seemingly inevitable fate . 
  mental strength just is n't where it should . 
  i doubt he will ever get even close to a title . 
  finland is very much culturally a nordic country . 
  estonia is a baltic one . 
  we share many things , not least closely related languages , but estonia has enjoyed only 25 years of independence and many systems they have are still affected by the soviet past . 
  they are rapidly improving on most aspects , but their welfare system is still lagging behind . 
  both countries being small means different economic climates affect them very heavily , but since estonia is such a young and small nation they are , to me , more at risk here . 
  right now they are doing splendidly which ca n't be said of finland but it takes just the tiniest of nudges to set them on a poor path . 
  hopefully they can steer away from those . 
  not true !, 
  rovaniemi one is a ripoff !, 
  not too shabby . 
  ca n't think of any bad stuff , so i guess we have it well here . 
  i did n't feel it was ugly . 
  the old town was exotic and i loved the mountains surrounding the place . 
  being talkative is perfectly okay , we just might not say anything back :p i think we finns like to keep a certain distance to others out of respect . 
  `` you mind your own business and i mind my own '' . 
  once you get to know someone here we open up more , it 's that initial reserved manner that makes it look like we do n't talk . 
  so , if you just show your friendliness towards us you 'll usually get a good honest friend . 
  sweden or scotland . 
  sweden because the culture is exactly like ours and scotland because i they are my soul brothers and sisters . 
  i 've been to bilbao , what a beautiful place . 
  and nice people !, 
  i probably ate too many pintxos though , went straight to my hips . 
  how manly are the pigs in germany ? 
  :p i eat most of what i can get from the store . 
  pork , beef , fish , reindeer , turkey ... 
  i have fished but that 's about it . 
  yep , i concur . 
  schengen is a add-on to what we have had for ages . 
  we still have a tightly guarded russian border , and if you travel from finland to other schengen countries you will probably use an airplane , and that whole procedure with passports did n't really change . 
  these tighter security checks came after joining the schengen area . 
  finnish rap first lifted it 's head early 90 's with a group called raptori . 
  it was kinda corny sounding as was full of sexual euphemisms . 
  there probably was other groups as well but at the end of that decade fintelligens came and made rap more known , more mainstream . 
  they could be considered as the godfathers of what most of the finnish rap is these days . 
  the last 15 years have turned the kinda overlooked views of the genre into a very popular one , it 's not the most popular genre , heavy metal has that title by quite a gap and regular pop music is probably easy second but after that , especially with young people , rap has gained a status of a respectable music branch . 
  in finland room stands for living room , bedrooms and other rooms not falling under these categories : bathroom , wc , sauna , kitchen , balcony , closet or warehouse . 
  sometimes small apartments have kitchen and living rooms combined into one big room , and that is mentioned as ~ `` room kitchen '' . 
  ** 3h + k+wc+ph+s ** might be something fairly common and it means `` 3 rooms ( one usually a living room ) + kitchen ( independent from living room ) + wc + bathroom + sauna . 
  many apartment agencies and other people selling or renting uses those abbreviations . 
  * blush *, 
  he uses english when talking about norwegians . 
  the joke is about norwegian x-country skiiers and their enormous success , he accuses them of doing drugs which in recent light they might actually be doing . 
  2001 we had a major x-country skiing doping scandal of our own and they blamed us for doing drugs for decades ( we probably were ) . 
  skiing used to be a big battle between the nordic countries not named denmark , and after our scandal we have n't really recovered to prime glory . 
  norwegians have ruled the nordic skiing competitions for almost two decades with little challenge against them . 
  our national treasure [ jari `` sporde '' sporttila ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/spordeporttila?lang=en ) can shed some light as to why as ( jokingly ) hate norwegians . 
  polish kurwas ? 
  i knew it , you secretly hate us [ :'( ] ( https://imgur.com/gzi82a1 ), 
  he is not my favorite brit . 
  finnish and swedish with sami as a minority language .
