  go to lunch at 11am , eat whatever is available . 
  leave work 3-5pm , eat dinner . 
  6pm , take a quick snooze . 
  8pm , eat supper . 
  10-12pm , go to sleep . 
  my days are full of eating with some necessary tasks stuffed in between them . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  i do n't feel like i could find an effective system like that in spain ;d, 
  it 's okay , swedes always bring loads of surstr\u00f6mming cans with them . 
  they do n't starve . 
  i 'm a morning person as well , though i do stay up until 10-11pm . 
  i get less than optimal amount of sleep during the week but i catch up during the weekend . 
  :d nordic customs do not fit well into these southern europe ways of living . . 
  but . . 
  if i leave my work at 5pm and want to grab a bite , where do i go ? 
  this is very much cultural thing , and me being accustomed to our way of living is not 1:1 compatible with the spanish one . 
  i could get used to it , but it 's just so weird seeing restaurants close in the middle of the day and then open up later in the evening and whole families going to eat at 10pm . 
  but these days kings and queens have mainly seremonial tasks , prime ministers are de facto political leaders and the monarchs wont really get much into the day-to-day affairs . 
  they comment , they discuss , they make suggestion , they are heard , but they do n't make the final decisions any more . 
  as much as i hope that everyone is able to live free and safe in almost where ever they choose and do what they want within the constricts of the law , i feel like this is a good law . 
  every citizen , be it granted when they were born or if they received it at age 50 , can be a mp . 
  but , president is a big task . 
  it 's no longer the de facto leader role ( our prime minister is the big kahuna on day-to-day politics ) , but as a public figure as an ambassador of our country he/she has huge power . 
  i think that task should be given to someone who was born here , and is a native-born citizen . 
  on one hand , russia in it 's current post-ussr state needs a powerful leader . 
  the place is such a mess that while i absolutely hope they had a proper democratic system in place that fully enjoys the consent of the people , that is n't a simple `` take this and snap it into place '' type of a thing . 
  the fact that there is seemingly multiple different parties is already a huge step into the right direction . 
  someday . . someday i hope russia has all their shit fixed . 
  but that day is not now . 
  constitution . 
  [ finlex , online law database ] ( http://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/1999/19990731#l5p54 ) and it 's [ english translation ] ( http://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/kaannokset/1999/en19990731.pdf ) . 
  chapter 5 , section 54 :  the president of the republic is elected by a direct vote for a term of six years . 
  the president shall be a ** native-born finnish citizen . 
  ** the same person may be elected president for no more than two consecutive terms of office . 
  haha lol . 
  i believe finland has this already . 
  how spain seemingly closes at evening . 
  good luck trying to get food in any restaurant at ~ ~ 17 ~ ~ 5pm . 
  blood is a popular ingredient as well in some places . 
  r\u00f6ssypotut , musta makkara ( black sausage ) and mykysoppa are some examples from different parts of the country . 
  m\u00e4mmi is delicious !, 
  add some whip cream and oh man , my mouth is full of saliva even thinking about that . 
  it takes a while to get used to , but i think tyrkisk pebers are the best candy there is . 
  there are youtube full of videos of foreigners trying and threwing them up instantly lol . 
  takes an advantaged person to enjoy those sweets . 
  d-licious !, 
  ah of course . 
  those meddling swedes !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  that ... 
  i do n't know how to take that . 
  if it is n't too much trouble for you sir , could you start calling them swedes ? 
  sincerely , a finn . 
  yep !, 
  eu has helped to establish some similar bits and pieces with other members as well but it 's still very far from the level we do it . 
  outside of this estonia is very close to us , and i hope that will continue to evolve into similar as with the nordics . 
  that is still miles away though , the cultural gap is currently too much when compared to most of the things we share with the bunch . 
  russia is a whole another animal . 
  we cooperate on some things but if cultural gap was too much to fully bring estonia and finland together it 's a thousand times bigger with russia . 
  there is also some stigma still brewing with them , having been part of russia and having fought them during ww2 . 
  most of their customs and habits do n't translate well here . 
  it 's seemingly more `` wild west '' ( east ? ), 
  than what we are accustomed . 
  yeah , i 'm very proud of that and all our nordic brothers and sisters , even the swedes . 
  no but seriously , because we are small nations we have to pool our resources together . 
  so while the intentions of this is purely friendly they are also a necessity . 
  nordic countries do loads of cooperation in various things . 
  we have had open borders with one another since the 50 's . 
  we consider ourselves as extremely friendly states , even with the swedes . 
  i was in basque country a few years ago and as i understand they also have similar ideas . 
  i fully support that if they ( and the calalonian as well ) want it . 
  what ? 
  welp ... 
  it 's cultural . 
  also , we take care of our streets . 
  sun veli !, 
  trust me , i get what you mean . 
  we do n't hate sweden , we * love * to hate sweden . 
  omskakas is almost finnish as well lol . 
  because it 's written on certain products and because it almost means `` in your poo '' in finnish . 
  no perkele !, 
  knowing the profanities in finnish is almost being fluent in it . 
  sure that was a major reason too , but we were close to germans even before that . 
  we actually even had selected a german prince to be our king when we gained independence but because of ww1 that never realised itself . 
  we seized opportunity that came with germany wanting to attack ussr . 
  yeah , well put . 
  and once they started to slip out of that no one wanted to stop that initially . 
  but this goes to show that there is blame to take on both sides . 
  yeah that 's my point . 
  nazis did an awful thing but why would anyone apologize ? 
  the war was not just germany 's or other axis nation 's sole fault . 
  the treaty of versailles was just too harsh , impossible to follow thru . 
  the fact that they rode the holocaust along with that is , as horrible as that was , irrelevant . 
  in war everyone is a loser but it 's the `` winners '' that write the history . 
  if i smell cinnamon i feel like i 'm back as that 5yo who begged if he could eat everything . 
  i think we were deeper than just assisting . 
  we fought next to them against russia . 
  russia would ask to apologize but the war was such a bad pr-hit for them they actively down play the magnitude it had . 
  wwii was much more than jew murdering nazis and their allies against , well , allies . 
  finland was on the side of germany because we were in serious threat at being attacked by the soviets , and then we were .
