  that one actually sounds remarkably like finnish gibberish , well done . 
  number 2 is not true . 
  we do n't share much of the [ same gene pool with european populace . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_r1b ) we are much closer to [ asians genetically ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_n-m231#haplogroup_n1c ) . 
  i mean we do like you but we just do n't feel that strongly about you either . 
  how about a very very good friend with benefits ? 
  i 'm totally reading this conversation with a stereotypical oliver twist accent . 
  come on . 
  say `` shrimp on a barbie '', 
  like sweden , donald duck is the big time character and other disney ones like mickey ride along with that awkward duck . 
  don rosa , the author and illustrator of many uncle scrooge stories published here , is a hero to people who have read their weekly aku ankka ( = donald duck ) . 
  rosa has even made a finnish special with a story that revolves around finnish folklore . 
  the basic paper work is today very simple . 
  fill a form or two online , possibly set up a bank account and if it 's a joint-stock company deposit some money there . 
  takes a week or two to become official . 
  but to actually get the company to do something and if needed have permits for them , that 's the tricky stuff . 
  findus is a food company as well . 
  i 'm not sure if they actually also have cat food in their pallet . 
  `` that 's very strange but i applaud him/her for giving it a shot and if they want i can help '' . 
  i have a few foreign friends that are trying to learn finnish and when they struggle with a word or grammar i try to correct them , and i also give notice when they have improved . 
  the only shared things with finnish and germanic languages are the alphabet , and even there we have slight variations , so if they are willing to learn something as hard how can you not love that . 
  999 times out of a 1000 we can hear if a person is originally a foreigner even if they are fluent but there are a few odd ones that have learned finnish so well that you ca n't tell them apart from natives . 
  german-born writer [ roman schatz ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_schatz ) has such a fluent sounding finnish you ca n't really notice that he is originally not from these parts of the woods . 
  that is an still very much an anomaly . 
  historically halloween has n't been a thing here . 
  it 's an anglo-germanic thing , but lately due to `` americanism '' in the media we have started seeing people try to adopt it . 
  we do have a similar tradition for kids during the easter . 
  they dress up as witches and collect candy door-to-door and give decorated wands . 
  the nordic countries join and form the greatest nation of all time , the great finland . 
  ah camper van , the menace of summer roads ... 
  blocking everyone from having a nice drive . 
  when i was 3yo dubbed , after learning to read definitely subtitles . 
  i 've seen some german dubbed versions of tv-shows and they were hilarious . 
  if it 's english no subs , no dubbing . 
  i think finns are relatively good at guessing what estonian is talking about and if there is subtitles we can get which words correspond to which . 
  many of your words and sentences sound like a silly euphemisms , like spoken by a jolly person who ca n't find the correct word . 
  your language seems also more upbeat and i think it has more clear intonations . 
  finnish is more spoken with one note and you ca n't hear much intonations , compared to lets say english that has very clear ones . 
  how about [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/fu_hrv18vyg ) ? 
  it 's finlandsvensk spoken by a famous finland swedish comedian . 
  they most likely get to go to a hotel , spend the next day at the destination and once they have recharged do another shift back . 
  in finland i think there are multiple conductors who take turns serving the train/resting . 
  the exact same system like airplane cabin crew and pilots . 
  but they do n't . 
  their recent actions are basically domestic politics . 
  they show their people that they are still a superpower and since they are n't able to show it by making quality stuff or improving the welfare of their citizens they use military escapades . 
  that has brought harsh sanctions and along with the current brent oil prices their military actions are doing nothing but harm to them . 
  they fly their military planes with transponders off on the baltic sea , they do [ crazy dangerous stunts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsz2nno3hk8 ) against us vessels . 
  how is this helping their case in any possible way ? 
  the ukraine war is a prime showcase how nuts they are . 
  ukrainians made dumb decision with crimea but that does n't justify an attack like this . 
  good rule of thumb : what ever you think russia will do in terms of their foreign policy , that 's not what they will do . 
  ukraine and georgia are two very good examples . 
  we do get the bad type of russians here . 
  arrogant bunch . 
  then again , finns that go for those booze cruises to tallinn are likely very bad as well . 
  `` almost as nice as sweden '', 
  that would be too good !, 
  i had a few special classes myself with only 10 or so students . 
  i feel like i learned better . 
  i think the absolute max should be 20 , i believe the average is more than that right now . 
  this should be in / r/shitamericanssay but unfortunately you are not american . 
  i do n't think a lecture from poland about how sweden is doing badly is the correct way you want to go about this . 
  finland has a big public sector , so does every other nordic country as well . 
  and it works ? 
  what 's our excuse then ? 
  my god man , you have read 0 % of the stuff here , have n't you ? 
  not surprisingly we share many things both of us view as faults . 
  i could switch finland to all the places you had sweden lol, 
  yeah , that is the sad way people in the world learn about left wing stuff . 
  i consider myself and our country largely in the center in these things , and most of the well working western europe countries share many of these beliefs . 
  it 's the single thing i like most about europe . 
  saying someone has proved it but then not give one actual name or their reasoning shows my point was likely correct . 
  you are haunted by poorly managed socialistic dictatorship . 
  sure , some . 
  the most common one is to bump the student one class higher but that causes other possible problems , most commonly bullying of someone younger . 
  there are other extra things here and there . 
  i just recently heard of a 12yo girl who was mathhematically gifted and her teacher gave her a chance to study on her own the stuff they usually teach to much older students , getting help if needed . 
  she had taught herself highschool level math by the time she was 14 , things she would have learned about only 4 years later . 
  that teacher was wise to let her learn on her own . 
  that 's the stuff we should have more but teachers trying to focus solely on the averages means they do n't have time to give this type of things . 
  you have experienced badly managed socialistic dictatorship . 
  we are very much a democratic capitalistic country but we do recognize a whole heap of things that should be paid from taxes because some things like equal opportunities for education are for the well being of the nation . 
  you think every socialistic thing is bad because you have learned to associate crappy quality with it . 
  this is why so many former soviet states turned into the polar opposite ideologies and like a right wing approach to everything . 
  the demon that is your past history makes you blind to understand that there is good in socialism . 
  usa and it 's media propaganda about how socialism equals communism and therefore is always bad is such an awful and blind way to look at the world . 
  that 's why sanders failed to show how their nation would have benefitted from a bit more socialistic ideas , their people hear the word socialism and think instantly the worst . 
  while i agree that averages should be viewed i want more individual teaching . 
  looking blindly at the average means a lot of special needs are being overlooked . 
  i know we were n't the only one doing that . 
  the pisa test is the popular one that people here point out when they speak of our school system . 
  when i was at the age they test our principal ordered all the smartest kids to partake in the test , when it should actually be about averages . 
  i 'm sure others do that too , but i still feel the way it 's praised gives a bit faulty image . 
  it works alright , but we should know to also see the faults and not just ride on our high horse claiming how excellent it is . 
  i could be so much better . 
  it 's not bad , but it should focus more on the individual as opposed to the entire class . 
  smaller study groups and more time for teachers to assess how each one is doing . 
  alrighty then ... * rolls eyes *, 
  so you want to pay for it yourself ?
