  saatana sounds badass and all but perkele , if you hear a finn yelling that you better be alert . 
  anything can happen . 
  no no , keep all potatoes out of your mouth during speech . 
  20-or-so years ago many sports events on tv used that `` oe '' system with scandinavian athletes ' names . 
  i find it helps with the basic pronunciation . 
  the scandinavian \u00f6 and \u00e4 might be easier to pronounce if you try to say `` oe '' or `` ae '' . 
  for instance the former cross country skiier `` h\u00e4m\u00e4l\u00e4inen '' would be roughly pronounced as `` haemaelaenen '' . 
  this joking makes me feel so good . 
  ^ ^ ha ^ ^ ha ^ ^ ha . . ? 
  he did also claim that there are zero russian troops within 1500km of the finnish-russian border . 
  but it turns out he meant there are n't any * next to the border * ( the border is about 1500km long ) . 
  good to know mr. putin !, 
  fishing stocks have been in the decline . 
  if we do not regulate fishing the people will happily continue to fish until there are n't anything to catch . 
  norway 's economy consists mainly of refined oil products and fish , i would protect those too . 
  i do not wish to hold anyone here that does n't want to be there . 
  i also gladly welcome all the smart people of britain to come and work in the eu . 
  but , now that they 're gone , the special status is gone too . 
  i 've always thought britain thinks a bit too highly of itself , so i wish all the best and eagerly wait how well they can survive by themselves . 
  but as a whole , i 'm sad that eu , which in my eyes is a big advantagement to humanity and it 's future , breaks because some populists are able to stir people into thinking doing things together is bad for them . 
  weel from his point of view the line was very short !, 
  yeah . 
  a project of this magnitude has to be decided on smart calculations . 
  and lets be honest , i am extremely biased here . 
  i still think the benefits of the tunnel are big enough . 
  even though our economy is in the toilet right now and it is very sensitive for any global economical dents we still would help estonia and the baltics form a more stable economical area . 
  they are as sensitive and then some , having only 25-or-so years of living without the soviet union . 
  a tunnel and a link to the baltic rail are big helpers on bringing us closer . 
  30k commuters is what we have right now , without the tunnel . 
  and there are more than a million people in helsinki metropolitan area . 
  you do n't think a tunnel would improve that commuting number ? 
  estonian workers coming to work in finland is a real thing . 
  which would be more than enough , thats multiple trains . 
  and the train would be going without stops faster than 180km/h on average * easy * . 
  if the pendolinos we have using our crappy railways can do +200 km/h a new track without stops can surely do more than that . 
  just because these two cities are n't the biggest in the world does n't mean this tunnel would be a dumb idea . 
  we already work closely together , having a sub-1h link between us is not the craziest of ideas . 
  not a completely crappy idea . 
  you fail to comprehend just how closely knit helsinki and tallinn are . 
  obviously this would n't have the same gain as when linking france and uk but the difference here is these two cities would be the actual endpoints ( not coquelles and folkestone that have less than 60k people combined ) and the potential commuting workforce is big . 
  if you could travel in ~ 30min from tallinn to helsinki the trains would be packed every morning . 
  how much daily commuting there really even is thru the channel tunnel ? 
  trust me , tallinn and helsinki is almost a one big metropolis , separated only by the gulf . 
  if there would be an efficient way for people to travel between these two cities the economical effect would be enough to justify it . 
  / u/nikolaz72 said that a helsinki-tallinn tunnel would connect finland to the european continent . 
  well , kinda . 
  if they decided to use the european railroad standard width ( we use a wider rail width ) and create a speedy train to roam from helsinki thru the baltics and poland awesome . 
  but without that the effect wo n't be as good . 
  it 's a shame finland and the baltics are so close yet so far ... 
  but we also need a good fast connection to sweden and the scandinavian countries . 
  again , the baltic sea is keeping finns from causing havoc there . 
  we should be allowed to cause havoc and bad feelings !, 
  an interesting piece about russia 's troll army harassing a finnish journalist who tried to expose them . 
    helsinki , finland -- seeking to shine some light into the dark world of internet trolls , a journalist with finland 's national broadcaster asked members of her audience to share their experience of encounters with russia 's `` troll army , '' a raucous and often venomous force of online agitators . 
    the response was overwhelming , though not in the direction that the journalist , jessikka aro , had hoped . 
    as she expected , she received some feedback from people who had clashed with aggressively pro-russian voices online . 
  but she was taken aback , and shaken , by a vicious retaliatory campaign of harassment and insults against her and her work by those same pro-russian voices . 
  yeah pori is actually nice . 
  it 's the people , or actually the dialect that is jarring lol . 
  that would 've frankly been a favor to all of us / s, 
  that 's normal these days , nothing to write home about . 
  that is generally true . 
  but actually something happened : terrafame , a government owned mining company that bought operations from [ talvivaara mining co. ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/talvivaara_mining_company ) , was announced will undergo a controlled shutdown . 
  talvivaara was a large nickel mining business that leaked large amounts of toxic tailings to outside waterways . 
  its ceo ( who initially bought the operations with 1 $ in 2003 ) and many other high members of management have been charged with environmental offenses and the corporation was declared into bankruptcy late 2014 . 
  three separate movies have been made that are based on this whole ordeal . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  just as we like it . 
  haha , i 'm so sorry . 
  i bet you have a great band . 
  no , neither are spice girls . 
  happier , but also more depressed . 
  wait ... 
  * no one can destroy the metal * * the metal will strike you down with a vicious blow * * we are the vanquished foes of the metal * * we tried to win for why , we do not know *, 
  i may need to keep my eye on these porvoo guys . . 
  fries on a pizza . . 
  sounds efficient !, 
  smear some mayo on your pizza and thank me later . 
  honest to god that 's a thing in some parts of finland and it 's not half bad . 
  designed in finland , but yes built in china . 
  just like most of the things . 
  does n't necessarily mean it 's bad though , it 's a silly proposition . 
  europe is a higher education zone , would be dumb to try to compete with lower wage workforce on this . 
  but one thing he is right about : the automation is probably going to bring at least some of the manufacturing back to europe which is positive . 
  it will take a while still but it 's gon na happen . 
   nokia allowed chinese manufacturer to use it 's brand name so they themselves are not making phones anymore . 
  hmd global is a finnish company . 
  how about his penis ? 
  hold the phone : so it has nothing to do with his penis size ? 
  ... so that 's why they elected trump . 
  [ looks bigger with small hands . 
  ] ( https://media3.giphy.com/media/3o85xgdbubb12tlkr2/giphy.gif ), 
  #irelande douze pointe !, 
  irelande douze pointe !, 
  well , 16 % is 14yo or under . 
  18 or under is somewhere around 25 % . 
  finland has a big depency ratio problem as the baby boomers born right after ww2 are starting to retire . 
  but i guess it 's the same for everyone . 
  but does it matter how much there are kids ? 
  the children-to-adult - ratio wo n't change that much inside europe , and since every nation is rich enough they could support similar system to ours .
