  you can change or stay the same , there are no rules to this thing . 
  we can make the best or the worst of it . 
  i hope you make the best of it . 
  and i hope you see things that startle you . 
  i hope you feel things you never felt before . 
  i hope you meet people with a different point of view . 
  i hope you live a life you 're proud of . 
  if you find that you 're not , i hope you have the courage to start all over again . 
  stop thinking you ca n't change your life . 
  you can . 
  right now you think you ca n't but there is in reality nothing that is truly stopping you to do what you want to . 
  you 're only , * only * , in your 30 's . 
  when you were 25 you probably thought even then that you were too old for something . 
  looking back at it , were you ? 
  there is one life to be lived , and it 's up to you and only you how that life is gon na be lived . 
  stop making excuses and do what your heart desires . 
  throttle on . 
  and when you begin , if you want , please come back and tell us how everything went . 
  that might be my favorite capital name . 
  ca n't stay mad in ouagadougou !, 
  we can settle for two of your finest jokes about swedes . 
  honestly how much would change ? 
  but also how much more info there is for us to consume . 
  30 years ago politics demanded much larger space in your daily news stream . 
  today it has to compete with so much more so it kinda dilutes in the cacophonie . 
  it was a dumb thing to say but i honestly just think he was trying to pay her a compliment . 
  as much as i wish he would be that level of creep . 
  not likely . 
  stupid . 
  / s really hard to say really , we are so familiar with it any strange characteristics dial down . 
  one word that keeps coming is feminine . 
  comparing finnish and swedish , finnish is to me more raunchy and swedish is more poetic and song-like . 
  we usually sit on a large table and eat , silently . 
  and one of the uncles drinks a bit too much and starts yelling and cussing and opening up how he has been wronged either by relatives or his boss or the system or whatever . 
  and eventually grandmother kicks him out of the house . 
  if there is n't fighting it just is n't a true family gathering . 
  do dutch family members ever not speak when meeting ? 
  obviously we talk , we talk just as much if not more than many other nationalities . 
  we are reserved , and do not usually like to open up instantly but after we feel the setting calls for it we will not stop talking . 
  makes kinda sense do n't it ? 
  having to keep thoughts to yourself which then are released in a frenzy of babbling . 
  i do n't carry cash . 
  in fact my wallet does n't even have a coin compartment and i have to fold the bills i seldomly get to make them fit . 
  plastic money rules in finland . 
  and , you know , most of the people having ancestors who moved there from europe just a few hundred years ago . 
  most if not all nationalities in europe have more history than them . 
  stands to reason us is more diverse . 
  the less there are vowels the more likely the language is polish . 
  yes . 
  critical attitude is missing completely . 
  there 's a finnish proverb `` fire is a good farmhand but a terrible master '' . 
  i 'd like to apply that here as well : digitalisation can be good if it 's seen as a tool , means to improve . 
  so is the goal to become more digitalised or to improve education ? 
  finns love rules . 
  have a politician make a education policies and guidelines and teachers will follow them to a point . 
  most decisions they do have a good idea behind them but some things like the digitalisation are blinding because they are seen as absolute improvements and any assessment about if they actually work are thus pointless . 
  which is obviously wrong way to do things . 
  yeah . 
  schools and teachers look at their average scores and dictate from there if they are succesful . 
  there 's gaps where individual students fall thru and that 's a major problem . 
  and it 's a problem we should focus more at . 
  i think right now the finnish education ministry is bathing on the limelight given by all the foreigners when they look and congratulate the things we do , but they fail to understand that it 's far from perfect and they should try to improve it more . 
  digitalization is one they are pushing hard but it looks like they do it for the digitalizations sake , not for the students . 
  some politician has figured that anything digi - is awesome , there 's a huge risk of doing disservice to our education . 
  it 's smart , but i dislike how we look at the averages . 
  people get hidden behind thr averages , there should be more personal notice . 
  so even if it ' good , it could be much better . 
  oh you ... we like you too . 
   you know your national iq is low when you have an animal snack named after you in the form of a fish with a three second memory ( goldfish ) . 
  what , we do ? 
  :d  i really did not need that at 05:00 . 
  anyway ... good night ? 
  i live near oulu , but i used to live in helsinki and have been in the vierum\u00e4ki sports academy a few brief instances as a kid . 
  i do n't know much of the neighborhood but i 'm sure it 's good . 
  heinola is the city and that 's one of the prettiest summer towns in finland . 
  can i ask if you 'll be going to the sports academy or ? 
  well , we start swedish lessons on the 7th grade and study for three years . 
  that continues in highschool ( gymnasiet ) if you go there but you can get thru these without really learning anything . 
  i 'd say most do not speak swedish , i personally can understand 70 % but ca n't contribute anything to the conversation . 
  yes i have , to mariehamn . 
  it 's an amazing place but i should next time travel deeper into the island and see more of the countryside . 
  a bit shame how little finns visit there . 
  haha !, 
  a finn told a swede : * `` look at these . 
  these are smart pills . 
  eat some and i guarantee you 'll get smarter . 
  '' * the swede figured this would be a great deal so he took a few but when it did n't seem to have any effect asked for some more . 
  * `` there you go buddy , have a handful ! '', 
  * the swede looks at the pills and yells : * `` hey these are n't smart pills , these are rabbit droppings !, 
  '' * * `` yes they are sven , you 're already getting smarter . 
  a finn and a swede were arguing . 
  * `` i 'm willing to bet my head i 'm right '' * , said the swede . 
  * `` and i will bet my pockets '' * , answered the finn . 
  * `` but ... your pockets are empty ? 
  '' * * `` exactly , so both bets are equal '' * edit : honestly , you guys are best neighbors we could have . 
  so maybe make some sort of catcher in front of the car and harvest all the birds !, 
  classic neighbourly love . 
  i can relate hard . 
  ah , have n't had grouse in a while . 
  looks and sounds absolutely delicious !,
