  germany was the one nation that we could have leaned to . 
  why would we apologize for that ? 
  we survived against the soviets even though it was very likely that they could have snatched us and turned finland into a soviet state . 
  all and all , we have loads to thank germany for , assisting in our independence in the late 1910 's and then helping us organize a worthy army ( which came to good use years later during wwii ) . 
  we have relatively large population of 50-80 year-olds , sms is probably still more popular than the other messaging systems . 
  whatsapp and yelling . 
  well to be fair i only have experience of late 90 's to mid 00 's citroens and renaults . 
  they were horrible on the inside , plasticy . 
  they were constantly at the shop because of some minor malfunction and a big heap of electronics were busted in a 4yo renault megane . 
  i promised myself never to even consider anything french designed after those lemons . 
  i have poor experiences with other makers as well . 
  mercs have awful paint , lots of fairly new mercs have some rusting spots , vag tfsi is a big no no because of the oil consumption . 
  right now i got a volvo . 
  boring i know but i have n't had much problems with it . 
  lots of these things are down to mental image , once i see a few rusting mercs i do n't want to test my luck with one . 
  there 's some odd peeping sound coming from the other side of the pond . . meh , probably nothing . 
  you got me , but i did what i had to do . 
  and for all i know the swede had the same problem as the finn . 
  that 's the actual real version but for this instance i saw my chance to joke about swedes . 
  [ friends joke ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0i7cglxarlk ), 
  why do they call it cheque , why do n't they call it jugoslavian ? 
  i am mainly scared about the fine french cars , they . . they are not very good . 
  but you have wine and baguettes . 
  and beatiful women . 
  cool language . 
  shoddy cars . 
  good grief your cars are bad . 
   and i mean , we have finnkampen , annual athletics competition that is just sweden vs finland . 
  you are so going to lose this year . 
  it 's gon na be amazing . 
  you should go for turkey . 
  nordic countries are very lovely during the xmas holidays . 
  we are serious about our motorsports but i do n't know if there are any major events during christmas . 
  christmas is all about snow and we got that covered , maybe a snowmobile safari in rovaniemi and then visit santa claus in santa park ( kids love that place ) ? 
  you can also rent a lodge and not spend the whole time in some generic hotel room !, 
  what 's the french military flag design ? 
  a white rooster against a white background . 
  i got a real one . 
  a norwegian , a swede and a finn made up a competition to see who can last the longest in a steaming hot sauna . 
  the trio sat , threw water on the stoves and battled against the extreme heat . 
  first to give up was norwegian . 
  `` i ca n't take it , too hot '' . 
  the finn , knowing that this is his cup of tea knew that it would be only a matter of seconds until the puny swede would bail out as well but as time passed he realized that he might actually lose . 
  after nearly passing out he had to give in and ran out of the furnace . 
  `` how the hell did you last so long calle !? 
  '' , asked the finn . 
  `` i would have quit after the first two minutes but my bollocks are stuck between the bench boards . . '', 
   `` sweden '' sincerely , finland, 
  that neither here or there , we were talking about how the swedish version does n't make sense :p, 
  burgundy ? 
  grey 2 . 
  red 3 . 
  blue 4 . 
  black 5 . 
  green 6 . 
  white 7 . 
  silver 8 . 
  brown/beige 9 . 
  other 10 . 
  yellow ( [ data from 2000-2012 ] ( http://imgur.com/a/0fvqw ) ), 
  finland has neat winters , temps . 
  between -10 c to -40 c. 
  i have witnessed -45 c on a temp . 
  meter , the bugger on my nose froze the instant i went out . 
  i loved it , but it 's not very healthy anymore . 
  we got [ pes\u00e4pallo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcbfhqpbhiq ) which is a fine tuned version of your baseball lol . 
  it 's like baseball but with more action . 
  yeah , rowan berries taste horrible lol we had a bunch of them growing in our yard when i was a kid . 
   forwards said the granny on snow . 
  grandmas are considered tough as nails in finland ( grandpas too !, 
  ) , not even a thick snow ca n't stop them . 
  so even in hard times they will push thru . 
   a drop wont kill you , ca n't drown in a bucket . 
  that 's from a legendary [ finnish song by irwin goodman ] ( https://youtu.be/less06ohxdi?t=28s ) . 
  he was our bob dylan , lots of political songs though gradually transitioned more into generic pop . 
  the idiom is about drinking . 
   it 's a crude work when horses fuck . 
  the ground rumbles and hedges fall . 
  in finnish : ** se on rankkaa hommaa kun hevoset nai . 
  this is from an old book ( tuntematon sotilas , `` unknown soldier '' ) about ww2 , later made into a film ( actually twice and a third version is being filmed ) and it 's shown every independence day . 
  the character who said that quote was very man 's man , `` what can you do but fight like hell '' and horses fucking could be thought as two sides fighting a bloody battle . 
  i love this idiom and i love the original movie . 
   `` sour '' said fox about rowan berries . 
  like i was taught on this thread , this is from aesop 's fables . 
  the original is about grapes but we do n't have those and rowan berries are much more sour . 
  the fox is downplaying how good the berries taste after figuring out that he ca n't reach them . 
   lets go bedbugs , the bed is on fire . 
  yes , this idiom has some english words at the beginning . 
  it also sounds better than if it was in finnish , more poetic . 
  one could say this if someone is being slow to move . 
  `` hurry up ! '', 
  i 'll give you a few extra ones :  gone like a fart in sahara . 
  in finnish : ** h\u00e4vis kuin pieru saharaan ** . 
  quite self-explanatory , if someone or something disappears or runs away you might hear a finn say this . 
   if neither sauna , booze nor tar helps , the disease is deadly . 
  ** tar was in the old days used as a healing substance ( smear it on i guess ) , and sauna and booze are perhaps for the wounds and worries on your mind . 
   rains like from ester 's asshole . 
  now this one is a stranger one . 
  in some 100 years ago helsinki ( and possibly other cities too ) used to have firetrucks that had a huge pump in the back , and the brand was `` ester '' and visibly seen on the pump . 
  not many know the true origin of this but it 's still very much in use so if it rains a ton someone might say this .
