  this . 
  the only thing i think where nationality should mean something is that the president has to be a natural-born-citizen . 
  i think only then will they be connected to finland well enough to lead the country . 
  and there will be less chance to have a negative foreign impact on the politics . 
  but in terms of common every day life ? 
  no difference . 
  i try to look everyone the same , no matter if they are finns or not , or have long line of finnish ancestory or not . 
  i think we should also stop blindly looking at averages . 
  that dulls people down into a number , and forgets that some people are good at one thing , other in some different thing . 
  are you sure you 're not finnish ? 
  that such a finnish thing to do . 
  i think you are finnish . 
  hello fellow finn !, 
  i had to look it up . 
  the day might be more familiar with countries that have lutherian christianity but even though we have , today the only `` celebration '' we have is that the nameday for martti is on the 10th of november . 
  so no , we do n't really acknowledge this celebration . 
  namedays might not be familiar to you , in northern states and i believe in at least croatia too almost every day is assosiated with a few names and the list is annually updated to correspond the names popular in our country . 
  we do n't really celebrate them much , i ca n't even remember when mine is and if i notice that it 's that day i usually forget it by evening . 
  some names , like martti in this case , are put on specific day to match some famous person . 
  many names have christian origins so they match them with specific days for those . 
  i 'm saying that having lived there for such a long time and as a kid you 'd think it would rub on . 
  that might not be the case for an adult who moves from somewhere else and has spoken with a completely different dialect for much of their lives . 
  by coming back i meant joining the eea as an outsider . 
  eu makes the decisions there , the outsider members have to comply . 
  that 's what they 'll be getting if they end up joining the eea . 
  the situation was intolerable , i think everyone saw that . 
  but i think how farage and ukip sold the idea to the brits is not much better . 
  man it would suck to live where it 's aimed at / s, 
  sure , but that 's more to do with the people in charge using that system to their benefit and forgetting how it 's supposed to really work . 
  so the problem is n't per se in the system , it 's the way leaders turn it into their benefit . 
  if there would be some wise entity that would n't care about their own benefit but make decisions solely for the good of the people communism would be the perfect thing ever . 
  but yeah , i ca n't claim communism is generally a good ideology . 
  it 's not . 
  such a leader is not possible . 
  communism has loads of good ideas though . 
  and i hope that people see those ideas as such and not label every single socialist idea as bad communism . 
  yeah . 
  effectively , we got rid of a powerful member that was against a ton of things and now they in all likelihood want to come back without any power to affect on anything ? 
  eu is the one winning here . 
  i mean they are starting to change into more modern world . 
  right now , as i 've been led to believe , they live pretty much like things were in the 60 's . 
  old cars , not everyone on mobiles , etc. 
  as the bans on them by the us starts to drop ( at least during obama 's term ) that place is gon na change a lot . 
  the fact that they have been a communist state makes no difference for me . 
  edit : and honestly , communism has a bad stain largely thanks to ussr and their failed attempt on it , and cold war and it 's propaganda . 
  i 'm not saying i support any of that , on the contrary , but bluntly deeming all communism or socialism bad is in my view a bit of a simplistic way to look at things . 
  no need to be the first to be the best . 
  i absolutely love those too !, 
  and everything sisu . 
  we got four seasons and even though the general joke is that the summers are short , i love the amount of warm days we get . 
  i 'm more of a '' +15 -20 c is perfect '' kinda fella anyways . 
  and i love snow , i love that we can enjoy warms days and cold days . 
  the darkness will get to you , but you get used to it . 
  i would like to visit cuba before it 's too late . 
  it should be like a trip to 1960 's . 
  interesting , sure . 
  but their culture is straining . 
  i hate to see people so wound up as they are . 
  the culture demands perfection , and that in our flawed world creates tons of tension towards people . 
  i can imagine the chefs testing the original hershey : '' nope , something 's missing still ... leonard could you not vomit there !, 
  on second thought ... 
  delicious ! '', 
  haha , it 's the mode we turn on in a boat . 
  all hell breaks loose . 
  could it be because we do n't have these milk bags for you to suckle ? 
  is the weird tension between us caused by not having milk bags ? 
  not counting ones in finland . 
  we think of you as family though so technically your one of us already . 
  they like lip balm ... that 's very important to know . 
  depends how much you like looking at forests . 
  because that 's the stuff you will see . 
  trees after trees after trees ... hey a small station !, 
  trees and trees and trees ... 
  pretentious . 
  that 's unfair , my grandpa has already passed and thus can not react back with his patented headshake and a disqusted look . 
  :d but alright , there seems to be many schools of thought . 
  really ? 
  well that 's what my grandpa used to do and i thought that was the proper way to open it . 
  he took it out immediately after the pressure was released so i doubt the contents had any affect . 
  firstly , you 're supposed to open it underwater , in a bucket or pot , so that the pressure does n't spray the juice all over the place and the smell does n't spread much at all . 
  you do n't prepare it , just eat it as it is along with sour cream . 
  people eat it with potatoes , onions and bread . 
  it is n't my favorite dish but it postpones hunger and is n't that the main purpose of food ? 
  edit : and to add , there are dishes that demand an acquired taste . 
  surst\u00f6mming is one of them . 
  after you 've adopted the taste it 's alright . 
  same goes for salted liquorice or `` salmiakki '' . 
  and the american chocolate demands a bit of an acquired taste as well . 
  european chocolates tastes different than yours . 
  to us , hershey bars have a slight vomit taste . 
  that 's very homey for us < 3, 
  -25 c is pushing it a bit . 
  i usually cross country ski in the winter though, 
  yeah . 
  we strip you naked and take you as the nude beautiful self that you are in a hot steamy room and hit you with birch twigs . 
  and then we go out and jump into a lake , frozen prefarably , or bathe in snow . 
  alcohol is involved . 
  we are overall very okay with nudity . 
  in saunas we demand it !, 
  australia is a fun place , i especially enjoy the bondi beach and shrimp on a barbie .
