  `` i ca n't take this , you won . . '' the swede thought it 'd be only a matter of time until the puny finn would get up and forfeit as well but as time went on the finn just sat there , not moving one bit even when the swede kept on throwing water on the stove . 
  after an hour the swede had to admit he was beaten by the finn and left , asking the finn as he was leaving `` how the hell did you manage to stay that long ?! '', 
  `` i would have left even before the norwegian but my balls are stuck between the bench boards . '', 
  that language is like the most elaborate practical joke of all time . 
  itt : almost everyone finding ~ ~ finnish ~ ~ italian and french accents attractive . 
  i 'm a man myself ( or that 's what i claim ) and foreign language is not very common to hear here but i think spanish is very smooth . 
  french and italian is a bit in-your-face but spanish lures you in and if a girl starts talking that i 'm smitten . 
  but not the bang he might enjoy . 
  or who 's to say , maybe it is !, 
  this , but instead of donald duck we watch the snowman animation and `` a santa claus hotline '' where santa answers to calls from children on tv and listens to them singing or telling how they will spend the christmas or listing their wishlists , and telling how they are looking forward to meeting him in the evening . 
  this tradition started in early 90 's and the original man who played santa for over 10 years became very known from the role and for many kids from that era he is `` the original santa claus '' . 
  many people offer `` santa for rent '' on the local papers and they will come in a santa costume and `` bring the presents to kids '' . 
  some families might have some relative or neighbor do this . 
  when i was young i did this to many nearby families and banked a few hundred euros from it . 
  i think best years gave me something like 500 $ ( ten gigs ) . 
  xmas food is ham ( weighs upwards and even more that 10 kilos ) and different casseroles ( carrot , turnip or rutabaga ) . 
  as much as i enjoy the simplicity of the homogeneous life in finland , i want to learn from other cultures and i want our nation to learn from them too . 
  that often requires people from different culture to come here and implement and adapt their own way of living into ours . 
  europe is by no means `` done '' or `` successful '' place . 
  we need to learn and improve . 
  if everyone is the same what 's fun about that ? 
  i rather meet the one that thinks differently to me and then try to understand where i can use their ways of living . 
  multiculturalism is n't all bad , in fact i think most often it 's a blessing . 
  and there are countries in europe that are very multicultural . 
  britain is full of people originating from india for instance . 
  france has loads of ones from african states . 
  even with all the negatives they have benefited from this , having new exciting twists to their own culture . 
  food being one example . 
  i said * intellectual . 
  * / s how about with a fonzie pose ? 
  [ `` ayyy , perfectamundo landing !, 
  very . 
  i bet during the next larger elections there will be so many different hashtags it all gets diluted a bit in the cacophony . 
  space sounds interesting . 
  maybe freeze me up in a funny pose and shoot me towards the galaxy with the likeliest chance of intellectual life . 
  indeed . 
  subtle jab , good one . 
  but maybe now you should rest with one eye open ... 
  nah , you can rest easy . 
  the finnish conquers wo n't attack you any time soon . 
  '' * or * `` auts !, 
  haha , nah time to go to bed at this time . 
  nice talking to you . 
  open university means you can go to the courses but have to pay a fee . 
  no applying , just pay the fee and study . 
  not every course is available but many of the early courses are . 
  some courses can be studied on your own online without ever even entering a class room or auditorium but that differs between universities . 
  i think spain should probably have them too , maybe the name for it is different . 
  here engineering is historically a big segment so maybe that 's why people , especially men , lean towards those studies . 
  i think i get it . 
  interesting how the degrees you consider not interesting are the ones that are in high demand here in finland . 
  engineering is especially huge and usually the largest field in universities . 
  here the spots for the degrees fluctuates a bit but not too much . 
  you can get in multiple different ways . 
  usually the combination of highschool degree and the entrance exam is the way people get in but you could also get in with just one of them if they are particularly good . 
  you can also apply thru open university of you have managed to get good grades there . 
  there might be other ways to get in but i 'm blanking out on them . 
  so the combination of open spots , how you 've fared in highschool and how your entrance exam goes dictate if you get in . 
  prety much like your system i guess ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  can i ask what country is that ? 
  to live . 
  800 $ / month is not enough to live with in finland . 
  from that financial support you have to pay rent which might already eat all of the amount . 
  you can go to work if you manage to get one and are prepared to work on the side of studying but that will quickly affect the amount of money state will give to you . 
  no , state gives a support , and you do n't have to pay it back . 
  it depends on many things but 500-800 $ / month is the usual amount . 
  in addition to this they will back your small loan and you start paying that back only after you graduate . 
  yeah i have to go and start next august/sebtember as well . 
  the studying itself is free is you have passed the entrance tests . 
  the state gives a small financial support and they will back your student loan if you decide to take one . 
  you still have to buy stuff like books so it 's not completely free . 
  it 's affordable , most have 10k-30k $ student loan after graduating so it could be worse . 
  yes , i 'm from finland . 
  it 's going very well . 
  economy is maybe slowly getting back on it 's feet and , being ever-optimistic , i believe we are heading towards better times . 
  unemployment has been an issue for almost 10 years now . 
  i love our country . 
  even after feeling our government is doing stupid moves i only have to look at other states and , honestly , think that we are n't doing half bad . 
  that is n't a jab at others , finland and i just match really well . 
  :d i 'm not married , i have a girlfriend . 
  i 'm at the moment happy with our life but i notice that we 're not done , and much like you i want to make changes . 
  i hope this year i manage to perhaps get back to school and finish my studies in the university . 
  admittedly my job is right now starting to repeat itself and that 's never good . 
  i 'm still young , 26 , so doing big moves is honestly easier right now . 
  hopefully this time next year i 'm in a new environment and have more energy to plow thru life and whatever it throws at us . 
  no problem . 
  i hope my nonsense helped you , 
  i trust you 'll do fine . 
  just try your best , that 's all you * can * do . 
  but do n't wait for another 10 years and rethink about why you did n't live . 
  most good things in life are though to do , but that 's what makes them great . 
  good luck !, 
  yes on it 's own he should have gone to google or heck / r/weather but op had a followup question that is kinda related to it . 
  honestly , is there another subject so effective at breaking the ice ? 
  both parties experience it and both probably have some opinion on it . 
  it 's a silly question but what is n't . 
  let me quote one of my favorite authors and his , in my mind , the greatest motivating paragraph . 
  this is from f. scott fitzgerald 's benjamin button :  for what it 's worth : it 's never too late or , in my case , too early to be whoever you want to be . 
  there 's no time limit , stop whenever you want .
