  you would n't even believe how little i enjoy parties . 
  absolutely hate them . 
  i can go down to a pub and have a drink with friends or alone and meet new ones , i can even have a nice sauna evening with my pals . 
  but as soon as someone makes up a random party and invites a heap of people ... uff , i do n't like . 
  i think it feels like forced socialising . 
  i sound awful i know . 
  i 'm trying to cut down on food expenses so dishes like this where i can make a huge amount in one go are great . 
  other great ones are all the different wok meals and they 're super easy to do . 
  gets down to below 5 $ / meal . 
  i could get it down another euro or even two but i like delicious food too much to suffer like that . 
  ideological old fart who has gone too deep into his own thoughts during his extensive time as a hermit . 
  i think most european countries do it just like this . 
  if by better you mean worse than anyone else sure !, 
  usa is best at running terrible elections . 
  jesus christ they elected the man from the apprentice to run their country . 
  was guy fieri unavailable ? 
  i do n't like to party ? 
  ireland had that turkey fella . 
  i loved that . 
  uk has also whisky . 
  and that stuff is often so so delicious . 
  people might like to discuss the elections with you and give condolences so if you start to become annoyed by that acting like a canadian might an option . 
  does this mean that when people grow up they start to love america and become right-wingers ? 
  i mean i have left-ish and right-ish views and i do not terribly like many things usa has but i do not hate them either . 
  america is a faulty state , just like every other state as well . 
  some of their politics do not work well with me but neither does our own . 
  americanization is a terrible thing and people who crave usa most often have some weird idea that they are some wonderland . 
  they end up shocked when they notice how some things we in europe have work better than theirs ( cough healthcare cough education cough cough ) . 
  [ exactly . 
  ] ( https://media3.giphy.com/media/l0myokcydyni3usww/giphy.gif ), 
  is finnish brexit fixit ? 
  too . 
  early . 
  heard the first ones a few weeks ago and saw a store advertise xmas chocolates . 
  eu should limit the christmas season to two weeks max . 
  i dunno if i should continue breathing or not . 
  i only use credit cards when i 'm on a business travel . 
  and i try to pay the credit debt right away from the next salary . 
  that sounds wrong . 
  this explains a lot about the danes . 
  haha , you 're supposed to stop eating once you get to the plastic case . 
  makes no difference to us . 
  sure . 
  i think that goes for every nationality , not just the americans . 
  haha , really ? 
  why !, 
  that 's like 10 % of my childhood gone . 
  ah , that kinda makes sense now . 
  we do say `` january 1st '' but you could also say `` 1st of january '' . 
  both ways are just as common in finnish but then again word order does n't really make any difference in finnish though it might start to sound a bit poetic or weird if you use an odd order of words . 
  i think it 's what you grow accustomed to . 
  but even then si units make far more sense . 
  and minuses make perfect sense too . 
  what ? 
  i think kinder egg is a european thing . 
  no , it 's stupid . 
  here we pay our waiters fairly good salaries . 
  waiters fishing for tips are ridiculously annoying and money is a terrible motivator . 
  i 've been to many restaurants , some that had tipping system and some that did n't , and i so much more prefer that latter . 
  it 's supposed to be the restaurant owner 's job to pay their workers , not the customer 's !, 
  it should n't be on my conscience if the waiter is getting enough money to get by . 
  yeah i hate the way they show dates as well . 
  dates on the first 1/3 of every month is like an enigma i have to unravel . 
  `` did he convert the time for me or is it still on theirs ? '', 
  and in what logic states that the month needs to come first ? 
  i would understand if you started from the year and go down to months and days but starting `` in the middle '' of the date is so strange . 
  also , start using the si-units !, 
  they make sence , we do n't need to measure lengths with our feet anymore !, 
  also , and i 'm speaking to other countries about this as well , i ca n't get my head over how grown people fail to understand what time is 17:45 . 
  come to the 21st century and please use the 24h clock . 
  once in a while especially the delivery and dock workers ' union brings the entire country to it 's knees . 
  they are a small union but because they can stop all the transports in and out of the country as well as the domestic ones they have a huge leverage . 
  i hate them . 
  a lot . 
  another union that is known for having strikes is the paper industry union . 
  today most of the paper industry has been moved to other locations so this is n't as big of a deal anymore . 
  finland claimed independence dec 1917 . 
  so that 's the more common narrative from that era . 
  the independence was gained thru the revolutions that were ongoing in russia so wwi pretty much gave us independence . 
  some cities have fairly good intracity public transport , helsinki has the best by far thanks to the variety of transport vehicles ( mainly metro , commuter trains , trams and buses ) . 
  but because many cities like my hometown oulu are sparsely populated having an effective transport network is not cheap and people like to drive instead ( traffic jams are small-ish and last only a small amount of time ) . 
  inter-city transport is better the closer you are to southern finland . 
  tampere , turku and helsinki have moderately well working railway connections ( distances are a little under 200km between these three ) . 
  the main railroad goes thru the western side of finland , starting from helsinki and going via tampere , sein\u00e4joki and oulu north all the way to kemij\u00e4rvi . 
  the national railway corp. is a common target for ridicule , and especially the high-speed pendolino trains have had issues with our climate . 
  recently a cheap bus transport company has been able to benefit from this , offering very cheap trips in much the same routes as trains . 
  helsinki-vantaa is the main airport and has domestic connections to many of the larger towns . 
  by far the most popular is the connection to oulu which is far enough for the plane to be considerably faster ( 1h ) than a train ( 5-6h ) . 
  helsinki-vantaa is also considered one of the prime airports for connections from europe to east , and many european airlines and airline-alliances use it as their hub to east . 
  provocation successful . 
  but to take some more downvotes , the greeks are not without fault here . 
  they took advantage of many eu-supports , the notorious agricultural support to a patch of land that has nothing growing and a road going thru it . 
  someone cheated to gain that . 
  we celebrate easter with kids dressed as [ witches ] ( http://lh4.ggpht.com/_kkv_te_q4ze/s6z_dwtah_i/aaaaaaaagly/inf49eqvtgq/s1600/tiina%20005.jpg ) that go around houses and collect candy in exchange for decorated twigs . 
  finland was a monarchy for like the first 6 months of her independence in late 1910 's but the german king-to-be chose not to take the throne because of the outcome of ww1 and the possible harm having a german ruler would bring . 
  finland back then tried to tie itself heavily to germany to bring some security against russia and overall assistance for the young country still very much in disarray . 
  day starts with breakfast , for me it 's around 6am . 
  lunch is at around 11am , dinner at 5pm and a light supper is around 8pm . 
  i might add one small snack between lunch and dinner if i feel hungry . 
  to put it half-provokingly , they cheated about their economic health , stands to reason there might be other areas they practise same attitude .
