  seriously though , we feel somewhat connected to them . 
  both finland and austria like to remain neutral in terms of military alliances ( neither are in nato ) which understandably defines both of us . 
  austrians seem very polite and friendly people and vienna is one of the prettiest cities i 've visited , full of history . 
  austria is near the top on my shortlist of countries i would like to live in . 
  outside of old men and their basements and a certain dictator , i ca n't think of any bad stuff about austria . 
  and i would like to especially thank you for making kommissar rex . 
  i watched that show as a kid daily after getting home from school . 
  it was the best . 
  i think i 'll use this day as an excuse to go and buy myself a sacher cake . 
  i think that 's more a late night show than a panel show . 
   but it is good , perhaps the best talk show we have but we do n't have many . 
  you have too much fun !, 
  there needs to be restrictions on how much fun you are having . 
  politicians here have made a career out of restricting anything fun . 
  rules help to contain fun !, 
  http://www.te-services.fi/te/en/index.html there you go !, 
  seems like some parts of the service is only on finnish or swedish which is not surprising since the labour offices here are useless and inefficient . 
  i quess the day is called bastille day in english ? 
  i tried to find info on the visiting countries but the english wikipedia only stated australia and new zealand were part of it because the year marked as the centennial of the battle of somme . 
  what countries have you had in prior years ? 
  yes . 
  we have two military parades annually . 
  one in summertime on `` the flag day of the finnish defense forces '' ( 4th of june ) and one on the independence day ( 6th of december ) . 
  the location changes and the parade vehicles change according to which military bases are located close to the parade . 
  it 's ... not quite the biggest show of power ( there are usually tractors there for crying out loud ! ), 
  but it 's always neat to go and see things that potentially go boom . 
  oh canada ... well , perhaps barbados as a summer location . 
  op narrowed it into three countries but since traveling in europe is such an ease i 'm gon na ignore that and say paris , rome and as a third bonus one , berlin . 
  you get to see all the most important historical sights . 
  london is the odd one out and berlin beats it since it had such a huge role in ww2 and the following cold war era . 
  this still leaves out most of the europe . 
  the whole eastern part is very different to any of those three and the north is it 's own little world as well . 
  but if i had to choose , these cities would be my first stops . 
  scratch that ... 
  grammar yes , but these days kids have learnt english ( words ! ), 
  by themselves . 
  so it 's not such a huge leap anymore . 
  swedish still have lots of slightly different words and since you do n't watch as much swedish telly and movies as english ones you do n't build as big vocabulary . 
  hard to learn the language without words . 
  there 's learning and then there 's `` learning . '', 
  swedish starts usually at the 7th grade but many just get the three years of it and then go to a school where it 's not mandatory anymore . 
  in gymnasium ( high school ) we have mandatory swedish courses but i hate to admit that even with those you do n't necessarily need to really learn the language . 
  i 'd say very few end up actually capable of using swedish . 
  could i make a crazy suggestion with the helsinki international airport ? 
  good connections to all of those countries and multiple to usa . 
  and the airport is n't overly crowded , it 's easy to navigate to the connecting flight 's gate . 
  montana . 
  no one remembers it exists . 
  case in point : this thread . 
  this is exactly what we have as well . 
  but i think nowadays kids begin with really easy basics in 2nd grade . 
  stuff like colors and animals and how to use articles . 
  we used to learn really good rally english pronunciations but unfortunately that skill is becoming less popular . 
  kids these days do n't respect the traditions and learn `` proper '' pronunciations . 
  none whatsoever . 
  ww2 is seen as a campaign that brought the two sides formed during the 1918 civil war together , to battle a common enemy . 
  but some old politicians seem to still live in cold war era . 
  i 'm 40 % sure our former interior minister was the antichrist . 
  she is the single biggest reason why people leave church membership . 
  if that ai n't the plan of antichrist i do n't know what is . 
  and to think she was part of the `` christian democrats '' party . 
  we have had a few discussions about homosexuality on tv and both times she was part of the discussion . 
  after the show aired there was a huge spike on people leaving the church and many stated her as the reason . 
  we 've had our share of nutty explanations as well . 
  martti vainio , a long distance runner who got caught in los angeles after winning silver in 10k run , claimed that his deputy landlord had mistakenly gave him a doping shot in what should have been `` a regular b-vitamin shot '' . 
  i 'm no doctor or familiar with the balm nor the drug it contains so it 's really impossible to comment anything substantial about this . 
  it 's a shame , but i think everyone in the sport tries to get some advantage and if it 's lip balm that gives you that then i kinda understand why she did it . 
  the explanation does sound ridiculous . 
  just a touch of lip balm , nothing much . 
  it 's been in our news the entire time and i ca n't seem to be able to hide from the latest news . 
  finns like to gloat , our own doping history in cross country skiing gives extra boost to these things . 
  by the number of kebab joint i 'd say kebab animals . 
  trouble and even more trouble . 
  or any politics really . 
  we need a common enemy to ridicule , norway has been working really well the last week or so . 
  not very . 
  / r/suomi has 46k subscribers . 
  but it 's growing steadily , we 'll be over 50k very soon . 
  i do n't really mind it being smallish . 
  we have great discussions . 
  really depends on the panelists and their ability to tell a joke . 
  the original cast we had in `` uutisvuoto '' ( = newsleak , that 's what we call it ) was as close to perfect as you could have . 
  unfortunately the other regular captain died and then they made small lineup changes and it 's not quite the same anymore . 
  i do n't really watch it anymore but i know it 's still popular and nowadays we have multiple panel shows that blatantly stole the format . 
  they are n't as good though , mainly because the panelists are n't as good . 
  i think it 's more a custom that got out of hand . 
  most workplaces begin the day by making coffee and after the initial coffee pot is empty they quickly brew another one , drinkin the sweet nectar thru the day until workday is over and they can go home to drink coffee there . 
  i work as a sales manager and sometimes i need to meet with clients . 
  the meeting always starts with getting coffee . 
  i do n't really drink it but since they offer i must have a cup . 
  and so i might drink multiple cups in a day . 
  we have had a version of `` have i got news for you '' running for 20 years now and it 's still one of the more popular shows we have . 
  i remember seeing a documentary of litmanen and how he went to amsterdam and met tens of young jaris . 
  there 's also food . 
  usually very simple like sausages but i try to entertain the guests by grilling steaks and veggies . 
  cottage burgers are also a thing for us . 
  ... you can put some clothes on while eating and must if you are cooking . 
  i enjoy the little things . 
  give me a modest cottage with a lake or sea view and a sauna and i 'm set . 
  and if there is an outdoor wc it should have a window in the door looking towards the lake .
