  few things can top pooping whilst looking at lake or at the vastness of the sea . 
  i guess so . 
  finnish main religion is protestant and we do n't really view the church as such a huge part of our lives as people did 50 years ago . 
  we get the news about how he has once again mumbled `` merry christmas '' in finnish but that 's about it . 
  the church membership numbers in finland are falling steadily , i think right now about 70 % of the population is members of the church and that number was 80 % just 8 years ago . 
  which feels so odd looking from here . 
  we do n't listen to * our own * religious leaders and most do n't even know who they are . 
  or mika . 
  object-wise : definitely cottage and sauna . 
  for traditions : we take guest deep into the woods in a small cottage next to a river , lake or sea , order them to strip naked and go with them in a heated hut . 
  in the hut we throw water on hot stones which heats the hut even more and then we slap ourselves and the guest with birch branches . 
  in the middle of all this we go out , still naked , and jump into snow , an ice hole or during summer into the water . 
  alcohol is involved . 
  but i bet he still joins in discussions and people listen to him ? 
  that 's a pretty powerful move , and can affect on how the public views things . 
  that 's at least how president works here . 
  if there 's news about how the president has said something it always ends up as the main headline and it can impact politics heavily . 
  president still has some power , but it 's been constantly reduced since the 80 's . 
  the biggest power they hold is the influence on public discourse about various stuff and our current president niinist\u00f6 has been quite vocal with big issues like russian relations , ukraine and the safety on the baltic sea . 
  de jure the president still is the main figure on foreign affairs , along with the actual foreign minister and the government . 
  prime minister is the position with biggest influence on daily politics . 
  russia our best friend ? 
  russia is like our drunk uncle . 
  we have to put up with him and all the craziness he keeps on doing because he is a relative but we would just like it better if he stopped abusing the bottle . 
  sweden on the other hand , they 're our best friends . 
  no doubt about that . 
  we share so much with each other that it 's easy to relate to each ones problems and situations . 
  aww , we like you too :3, 
  oh you should come to any town in finland during any time of the year , even winter . 
  first thing you 'll see during nighttime : girls of all shapes and sizes in bery skimpy clothes drunk as hell , some vomiting , some yelling some gibberish and all very very loud and arrogant . 
  seriously , the temp could be -20 and you would see gals in dresses that could qualify as belts , waisted . 
  or turku . 
  we could get rid of that place as well . 
  ( it 's actually very lovely place , it 's just a state-wide joke ), 
  if they ban far-right and far-left movements in finland i would n't be overly disappointed ... 
  not necessarily destroy , just cause harm enough that they do n't get too far from russia 's interests with their politics . 
  scare tactics but mainly , like you said , domestic politics . 
  the military power might be a bit overstated . 
  yes , they have loads of personnel and gear and they have modernised them a ton but running an army , especially on a full on war against say baltics is not cheap . 
  i doubt they have the dough to afford anything like it . 
  heck , they had to mockup a proxy war with ukraine and even that might turn out to be pricier than they thought . 
  this is all stretching muscles that they likely do n't have . 
  domestic politics . 
  russia 's economy is in the toilet . 
  their people dream of being just as big of a force internationally as the us is . 
  these coupled with a population that is extremely varied and largely uneducated creates this type of mess . 
  the few things russia has going for them are natural gas and oil . 
  now that the oil prices have been down that obviously is n't helping at all but europe still desires the gas for the upcoming winter . 
  so , we are essentially in a death spiral with a nation that is at the same time powerful or wants to become one yet very poor , and has resources we ( as in europe ) need . 
  to add to the craziness , ukraine is desiring a more closer relationship with the west , but they also are one of the biggest countries that make russian war equipment like tanks . 
  putin obviously does n't wan na give that away , and some believe this ukrainian proxy war has already made some of their tanks unusable due to spare part shortage . 
  most of what russia is doing should be seen as domestic politics . 
  they showcase their military power for the people to awe at . 
  these days many wars are also kinda like a marketing ticket for lots of their war machinery , mainly fighter planes . 
  if they can show that their stuff works and is able to destroy shit they can a ) try to sell them at a higher price and b ) prove to their people and foreign powers ( nato ) that their stuff works . 
  this is familiar to us with western nations and their equipment too , there 's little to wonder why so many nations that make fighter planes were quick to join the libyan campaign . 
  even sweden , known for their neutrality and seek for global peace , took their gripen planes there to get real war type action . 
  it 's all war profiteering . 
  you 're the odd ones !, 
  norway - origin . 
  he carved fjords and montains , dumped oil deep under the sea and threw some fish in the water . 
  he also invented cross country skiiers and gave them asthma and some lip balm . 
  absolutely it does !, 
  but , i was trying to think of notable poets . 
  l\u00f6nnrot collected old folk poems , ca n't really claim he as the author . 
  and i doubt many have read the book , we just learn the gist of the story at school . 
  that we do not exist . 
  we do !, 
  we have to !, 
  i mean ... do we ? 
  do we exist ? 
  dammit not a thing . 
  he is somewhat a controversial figure . 
  was the prime minister for 6 years in the 50 's before being elected as the president , a position he held for almost 30 years . 
  people of the era saw him as the only suitable person to balance between west and a very powerful close eastern neighbor . 
  those days we had an electoral presidential elections much like the us has even today so this allowed more wiggle room to keep him in office . 
  once they just chose to mock up an emergency law to keep him in . 
  i suspect the soviets liked him and he was highly successful in keeping various political movements in check . 
  after he came ill in early 80 's due to old age he half-reluctantly gave his resignation and after that we have had a law to limit each president to only two 6 year long terms . 
  as i said , kekkonen is highly controversial character . 
  in some way , finland needed a figure like him to keep things going and relationships to the west and east in good condition . 
  then again , he was as close to a dictator a president can be . 
  he had lots of power and many times swooped in and decided on behalf of the sitting government . 
  whatever your view on him is one thing is for sure , [ he was a pretty badass man . 
  ] ( https://image.spreadshirtmedia.net/image-server/v1/compositions/23122147/views/1,width=300,height=300,appearanceid=1,version=1440399755/kekkonen-miesten-t-paita.jpg ), 
  for 18th century war history , helsinki has [ sveaborg ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/suomenlinna ) , an island fort that is still inhabited by hundreds of people . 
  there are guided tours daily . 
  sveaborg was used in ww2 as well and there is an old ww2 era submarine people can visit , and the south coast as multiple old cannons . 
  other pre-modern times historical war themed places there are dozens of well kept castles like [ turku castle ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turku_castle ) and [ olavinlinna ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/olavinlinna ) , the first one is the oldest still standing castle in finland and the latter hosts an opera festival annually . 
  as for the 20th century wars , i suggest [ the parola tank museum ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/parola_tank_museum ) next to h\u00e4meenlinna ( h\u00e4meenlinna also has an old castle , and the town name actually comes from that ) . 
  there are many winter and continuation war machinery there , russian , german , french and british . 
  most of finnish tanks in ww2 came as a war spoils captured from the soviets . 
  parola also has our sole tank regiment , so you might see conscripts training with tanks . 
  finland has been part of multiple wars , being a land between two larger and sometimes hostile countries . 
  so i believe [ the national museum ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_museum_of_finland ) should also have loads of war themed exhibitions . 
  i doubt many can instantly list a single poet but we have had a few great ones . 
  the language suits well for poems and poets like eino leino , johan ludvig runeberg , mika waltari and v.a. 
  koskenniemi are names people are familiar with and they might ring a bell to some foreigners too . 
  runeberg is the national poet . 
  modern ones include the late tommy tabermann , bo carpelan and juice leskinen who is more known as a song maker .
