  the typical school day might vary a bit between schools and age groups . 
  with smaller kids they begin school day around 8am-9am , and finish at 12am-14am . 
  middle school day might be about the same , maybe add an hour . 
  but these all vary a ton . 
  we do n't really spend time in school more than the necessary amount and i do n't recall being in school at 5pm , the last class ended at 4pm and that was not the most common one . 
  usually i think day ends at 3pm . 
  as i think i already pointed , classes are 45min-90min long , and you have 4-8 of them in a day . 
  not sure what you mean with the population , but there 's 20-30 students in study groups , depending on the school level and the subject . 
  20 is seen as big enough to be efficient while still giving each student enough attention from the teacher . 
  unfortunately the current trend is to cheap out on the amount of teachers so groups are getting bigger . 
  finland is a small country , but i do n't see how that would make any difference . 
  well no you wo n't say that because it 's tough . 
  but with si based lengths you could easily say `` 1.7 kilometers '' and understand that it 's 1 km and 700 meters , and after you 've gone half a km the distance left is 1.2 km . 
  and people say stuff like this , either km + m or `` km.m '' regularly . 
  but it is what you grow accustomed to using . 
  i find imperial system very silly compared to the more precise si system . 
  iirc , there are egg cartons with 6 , 8 , 12 and 20 eggs . 
  not sure though , i always get the one with 12 . 
  no problem . 
  these are important things , i hope your school system can figure out it 's own working system , and i hope some of our examples can help in that . 
  and i 'm sure it 's not perfect here either , as i said . 
  so there 's improvement to be made here too . 
  the older you get the more it becomes competitive . 
  and i do n't mind it since honestly that 's preparing them to the competitive world they will join later on . 
  the first time you really need to have good grades is when you apply to `` high school '' , and after that to university . 
  but i can agree to that , we do work in groups a lot and cooperate . 
  and we have chefs here at school as well i 've seen the moore documentary as well , we do n't have * as fine * meals as the french ( no michelin star meals with clams and lobsters lol ) but it 's good nutritious food none the less . 
  really hard to compare to other systems because i have only known the one we have . 
  but i can give you some instances that i do * not * like with ours : averages . 
  we love averages . 
  if a school markets itself it uses the averages about how well it 's students are performing . 
  we do not have a proper system to assist those that are on either side of that scale , the really good students work with the really bad ones . 
  that might be good for a while , but there should be some system to give both sides more individual assistance in order to help them either out of the slump or keep them interested . 
  if you are a good student in elementary school you really do n't need to study much at all , and so you never learn * how to study * , until you realise that you 'd now need the skill in which case it might be too late . 
  i think the real good aspect of the finnish school system is that we use the time in class to learn . 
  like actually learn , not just go thru the subject and expect the pupils to figure out all the `` whys '' at home . 
  at home the kids usually do some homework , and for instance in math some of it might be `` advanced '' that tests if the student is now able to apply the new info they learnt to something . 
  we also have nice short classes . 
  no hours after hours in a classroom . 
  hour , maybe 1,5 tops in a class and then into a break . 
  and in elementary they make you go outside to get some fresh air before the next subject . 
  and we eat well . 
  there 's good proper healthy food for pupils . 
  you do n't have to bring your own food from home . 
  and the teachers are properly schooled in university . 
  they usually understand how to teach , not just go over some subject they studied somewhere . 
  imperial works with short or small measurements , if you insist relatability of the units . 
  but after we go into the tens of hundreds of miles it dilutes into similarly unrelatable region as the si-system . 
  the benefit of the si-system is that it 's easily converted from tens to hundreds and back . 
  how many yards is 200 miles ? 
  in km it 's about 322 km or 322 000 meters or 322\u00a0000\u00a0000 millimeters etc. 
  in small bits the imperial system is fine , but if you need to do anything more with it it 's ridiculously bad . 
  i guess `` kivenheiton p\u00e4\u00e4ss\u00e4 '' could be counted , it literally means `` within a stone throw 's distance '' . 
  it 's still in daily usage and means just what you 'd think , `` a relatively close distance '' . 
  other ones are `` tusina '' = 12 , `` riisi '' = 500 ( used mainly with paper sheets ) , `` kartonki '' = 10 ( used mainly with cigarette packages ) and `` tiu '' = 20 ( used mainly with eggs ) . 
  there used to be loads of these , they are still known well but i think most are not in real use . 
  `` poronkusema '' = the distance between two raindeer 's piss ' `` peninkulma '' = how far a dog 's bark can be heard ( `` peni '' is an old word for dog ) `` kyyn\u00e4r\u00e4 '' = distance between your the tip of your middle finger and elbow, 
  is that bemmikummid character still a thing ? 
  had a few good laughs as a teen looking at that . 
  yeah same with southern finland . 
  the current `` snow border '' goes pretty much across mid finland . 
  four seasons are great , there 's a limit how much you can take each one , and thankfully it then turns into the next one . 
  finnish is spoken in turku . 
  we can understand largely what they try to say , but we 're not sure if they understand it themselves . 
  itt : nordic countries with loads of snow . 
  well probably not the ones living in southern parts of said countries . 
  i love that where i live we always plenty of snow for multiple months . 
  could n't live without it . 
  finland used to treat tap water with fluorine but nowadays we try to filter everything out of it , and uv treatment is the preferred desinfection method . 
  we get loads of xylitol from chewing gum , that 's supposed to be even better for your teeth than flourine . 
  does n't help if the one trying it is a finnish mep . 
  double trouble . 
  thanks sweden for being pretty much everything a neighbour should be . 
  fair , honest ( ? ), 
  and all and all good example to strive for . 
  and this goes to other other nordic states too . 
  thank you estonia for the alcohol and the cute language . 
  thank you russia for being russia . 
  the people are very lovely , but many drive like proper cunts with their suvs . 
  and the country as a whole is keeping us honest . 
  we never know what you do , it 's entertaining to a point but also scary . 
  and with your recent military escapades we understand even less what you 're on about . 
  thanks for that i guess . 
  but could you please stop with all the lunacy ? 
  username does or does n't check out ? 
  you 're welcome !, 
  now , bugger off already . 
  yeah . 
  our meps are mainly only capable to talk in finnish or rally-english , take the latter one away and we only have finnish . 
  try talking sense to a french mep in finnish , not so easy :p, 
   good ... finland that 's it , you just proved the point . 
  whoa , great analogy !, 
  we are taught to compare ourselves to sweden and other nordic countries . 
  what would they do , in what way we are worse , would this work in sweden , did we lose to them in hockey again ( !, 
  ) , haha norwegians use peds too , this wo n't work because it did n't in sweden . 
  let 's make them compare themselves to us dammit !, 
  [ kuha on varaani mik\u00e4s siin\u00e4 ] ( https://41.media.tumblr.com/26041418a33c0bba6114df140b832eee/tumblr_inline_nvy5i9kjcb1rbbj87_540.png ) translated : [ zander ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/zander ) is a [ varanidae ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/varanidae ) so why not . 
  i 'll let you think about that one . 
  many of those could be considered non existent even in finland , i tried to bold those that are common enough . 
  some are very common like tapio or tuuli .
