  but all of those weapons had to circulate somewhere legally first , that is , weapons on the street and stolen ones originally had legal owners too , in all likelyhood . 
  https://bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/fuo.pdf http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/guns/procon/guns.html, 
  well , if it creates a new magical right to hold weapons and a duty for citizens to participate in public security , then it has n't been in the system up to now , and it is changing the present system . 
  then you ca n't agree with this constitutional amendment , because it changes the system . 
  you are comparing the incomparable , because definitions of gun crime and its recording differs wildly across countries . 
  we ca n't really tell how do we relate to the uk . 
  you 're also getting to the root of the problem `` gun rights '' . 
  now we have a constitutional right to hold weapons , it 's no longer an issue of sane policy and public safety , now it 's a magical right to have a potential murder weapon in your house . 
  one which , if we learn anything from the experiment of us widespread weapons holding , protects absolutely no one . 
  it 's a mad experiment undertaken for the sake of political marketing . 
  edit : moreover the constitutional amendment also gives everyone the duty to safeguard public safety with weapons . 
  this is basically a call for vigilantism , and none of those will care about any `` in boundaries of the law '' small letters , just like they do n't care about the `` well regulated '' part in us . 
  very sad to see this happen . 
  we 're taking over all the wrong arguments and lessons from the us . 
  that happened in may , the russian special forces backed mafia was already terrorising people by april , see other posts including un human rights commissioner elsewhere . 
  by that time , it was nearly three months after the overthrow of yanukovich government , which was replaced by a government including minority members , many of whose ministers spoke russian , and a presidential campaign was taking place with russian native speaker poroshenko at the forefront . 
  these claims really only show how disconnected and brainwashed some people are and were by the russian television . 
  how come germany is so laid back about political things ? 
  why are n't there rabid christians demonstrating in the streets about merkel turning her back on stated political positions ? 
  you 're just making things up . 
  no military invasion ? 
  why are you lying ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_military_intervention_in_ukraine_ ( 2014 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) #crimea  no widespread terror except in the remaining part of ukraine . 
  united nations ohchr special envoy report from april 2014 : 7 . 
  in eastern ukraine , where a large ethnic russian minority resides , the situation remains particularly tense with ethnic russians fearing that the central government does not represent their interests . 
  although there were some attacks against the ethnic russian community , these were neither systematic nor widespread . 
  http://www.ohchr.org/documents/countries/ua/ukraine_report_15april2014.doc 18 june 2014 -- with united nations monitors reporting today that armed separatists have used killings , abductions and torture to instil a `` climate of intimidation and fear '' in [ occupied ] eastern ukraine , the world body 's human rights chief urged all armed groups to put down their weapons , end the violence and begin the process of long-term reconciliation . 
  the new report describes the breakdown of law and order in the areas held by armed groups in the country 's east -- with increasing evidence of abductions , detentions , torture , and killings -- as well as a number of `` worrying trends '' emerging in crimea . 
   started with repealing the regional languages law completely justifies a military invasion and widespread terror . 
  even if the repeal was vetoed by acting president . 
  so it never happened . 
   in order to make russians and russian speaking people second class citizens . 
  that 's a lie . 
  it reminds me of the way opposition towards masturbation was picked up by some islamic scholders . 
  islamic world simply keeps picking up western concepts . 
  you could argue it 's more like africa than middle east , but let 's not dwell on details . 
  culturally yes . 
  it 's been also presented as an article from a polish youth magazine , it 's quite believable but actually a modern parody . 
  business centers of asia more like . 
  there are not `` more muslims than belgians in brussels '' , babi\u0161 said it in future tense . 
  that 's the scaremongering joke . 
  we do not have to give asylum to everybody , and we especially do not have to give a right to reside to all family members . 
  the `` exponential growth '' of muslim populations is not happening : the fertility rate of muslims in western europe is 2.1 children per woman : http://www.pewforum.org/2015/04/02/europe/, 
  i like the freudian slip involved , where a territory of brotherly multinational federal republic of yugoslavia suddenly becomes a part of `` serbia '' . 
  sure enough , there was an ethnic cleansing going on in kosovo , but not in crimea . 
  how exactly do you presume european union is going to cause `` more muslims than czechs '' to live in czech republic ? 
  we already have thousands of arabs , tens of thousands of vietnamese and hundreds of thousands of foreigners . 
  we do not have to grant asylum to the seekers redistributed here , but pray tell me how will several thousand of them completely change our society into something new . 
  it 's absurd . 
  babi\u0161 is right unintentionally , because our crown currency is going to be for the foreseeable future still weakened by previous czech national bank exchange rate interventions that it has been carrying out up until some months ago . 
  czech crown will be strengthening substantially for years , after which it can be switched for euros at a more favourable rate . 
  however , he is also wrong saying `` euro is bankrupt '' because it 's stronger than ever before , and it would save us some money money on exchange risks and rates . 
  he 's reading the comments pages and buying into anti-europe propaganda too much . 
  and when he says `` it 's about our sovereignty '' it 's being his most insidious , it means he 's too craven to make an argument against popular sentiment as well as he fears that he would have to give up some of national executive power that is rapidly concentrating in his personal hands . 
  thrfre is regurgitating an argument he read in neviditeln\u00fd pes today , it 's amusing watching the confrontation of our comments pages with market reality . 
  does the rest of ukraine look like a country dominated by climate of fear with extrajudicial killings , abductions and torture ? 
  if you think the negativity towards russia is disproportionate , you should interest yourself in the history and going ons of these occupied territories . 
  ten thousand people died in this war that russia instigated and several million had to flee their homes . 
  millions of people find themselves in a dictatorial regime . 
  i am not sure how much is it of comfort to them , that possibly somalia is worse . 
  we 've been talking to them since ever . 
  has russia left ukraine alone yet ? 
  what sort of incentives do they have to do that ? 
  there needs to be a tangible reason for them , and anybody , not to do such horrible things , and sanctions are one way to do that . 
  18 june 2014 -- with united nations monitors reporting today that armed separatists have used killings , abductions and torture to instil a `` climate of intimidation and fear '' in eastern ukraine , the world body 's human rights chief urged all armed groups to put down their weapons , end the violence and begin the process of long-term reconciliation . 
  sure sounds like most countries . 
  russia actually invaded ukraine , annexed crimea , and its army units are fighting in the east of it known as donbas region . 
  it unlawfully occupies and maintains a dictatorship on the territory the size of netherlands and home to 7 million people . 
   everybody does this to foreign countries if they have the means and power to do it pis consolidating media in its hands is not an action in foreign countries , nor is german private investment a political influence operation by a rabid occupier dictatorship . 
  maybe you should just accept that democracies are not the same . 
   also we are in an economic crisis in most countries in europe no , `` we '' are not . 
  russia is though , for sure . 
   no one is a centrist when people do n't have any faith in the current future . 
  what cookooland is this from ? 
  depends on who you ask , for example pew says 10 % . 
  for our european readers : this is an actual contest . 
  it is not , cez is retroactively trying to deny their participation , but the temel\u00edn powerplant did host photoshoots , the girls were promised an internship at the powerplant , and the powerplant was promoting it on their own official facebook site , and their spokesman was defending it . 
  central europe already picked orb\u00e1n . 
  his anti-immigration hysteria has gained him many admirers and there 's no central european politicians criticising him over his consolidation of power . 
  polish pis is in the same boat , slovakia 's fico is having similar problems and also uses immigrants to distract attention and the czech government is in tow of the anti-immigration topic as well . 
  czech government moreover consists of andrej babi\u0161 and the social democrats . 
  andrej babi\u0161 is not quite the same level of authoritarianism , but the fact that he gets criticised by eu over his concentration and abuse of power is going to hardly make him any ally . 
  social democrats will be gone after the election . 
  macron on the other hand mostly entered headlines as being pro-refugees , anti-eastern workers , what 's to like for the commentariat that dominates our newspapers ? 
  she will outlive us all . 
  focus.de : 13th january unian : 15th january you claim the magical made up ukrainian gas blockade to be happening by 13th of january , my link is written on 15th january and yes , it describes the relevant events . 
  russia simply initially blocked deliveries to europe as a means of pressuring ukraine in a trade dispute , because it does n't understand the concept of law and arbitration . 
  then it feigned good will and proposed an impossible transit route . 
  ukrainians countered by offering another , viable transit route , that somehow russians been mysteriously unwilling to take . 
  cue lmolari dancing to the kremlin 's tune , upset because ukraine is `` blocking the deliveries '' . 
  focus.de is taken seriously by anybody ? 
  the russian company had proposed sending 98.8 million cubic meters of gas yesterday through ukraine , via the sudzha pumping station . 
  naftogaz wanted russian flows to be sent to the valuyki and pisarevka stations . 
  ukraine 's pipeline system would have been at risk of `` collapse '' if the nation had agreed to the request from the russian company , yushchenko said . 
  the route russia asked to use for transit was `` strange '' and would have cut off deliveries to four ukrainian provinces , he said . 
   but ukraine was shutting it down , too . 
  for example 2009 for two weeks . 
  no it has n't . 
  you are quite frankly just making things up , it was always russia shutting down supplies as a means of pressuring trade disputes . 
  http://www.nbcnews.com/id/28515983/ns/world_news-europe/t/europeans-shiver-russia-cuts-gas-shipments/ https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jun/16/russia-cuts-off-gas-supply-ukraine and it lost the most recent one , that coincidentally arose just when people have overthrown a pro-russian dictator , hmmm , strange thing , how does that happen ?
