  oh well , why should you feel sorry for someone just because his country is being strangled by a dictatorship that occupied your own too . 
  i hope you are personally aware of how alibistic an attitude it is in a conflict of democracies and an autocracy . 
  do you have anything warranting your statements about gas stealing and pipeline blocking other than rt reports ? 
  has it ever happened then that eastern european countries , excluding russia , would deliberately shut off gas to the west ? 
  if they did that , then russia would in turn have no reason to supply gas to transit providers , and they 'd effectively shoot themselves in the leg . 
  the transit is also subject to international commercial agreements , that can be enforced by international arbitration tribunals and european union . 
  eastern european countries , like czech republic , baltics and possibly others , generally speaking support common energy policy precisely for security reasons like these . 
  agenda pushing much ? 
  it is also much safer . 
  why risk russia turning off gas to eastern european countries when you can just wash your hands of it ? 
   is n't it good for the east if the west-east pipelines are pumping at full capacity ? 
  nordstream is going to avoid territory of ukraine , belarus , poland , slovakia , czech republic . 
  this is bad , because it decreases transit fees for those countries and more importantly decreases the stake that the west has in defending them through co-dependency . 
  it opens the door for a divide and conquer policy . 
   this also means germany is reliant on gas going through belarus and ukraine , right ? 
  so these countries are complaining they ca n't use the energy supply of the west as a political pressure anymore ? 
  ukraine never used the gas a political pressure tool , russia has . 
  it has turned off the gas supply or threatened to do so for ukraine repeatedly . 
  once it does that , it presently also turns off the supply route for the west , which is then interested in defending ukraine . 
  spaseeba for your opinion straight from saint petersburg . 
  probably by not installing a brutal dictatorial government . 
  because the 2011 civil uprisings were peaceful and what caused them was his rule and what turned it into a war was him . 
  would it not have been better if none were in the first place ? 
  an example of a false dilemma , especially wrong in relation to 2011 civil uprisings . 
  it 's a strange supposition that everything should conform to his dictatorial position . 
  it does n't appear as much of an asset to have it , then . 
  i am not sure how your link is relevant to your claim that democratic elections in arab world would produce anti western governments . 
   thats so absurd and what happens when those peace deals fail ? 
  why should christians live in fear in their own country ??? 
  please quote me as saying christians should live in fear in their own country . 
  i am saying that christians would have much less to fear than they do now if assad was overthrown in egypt-like fashion ( indeed , they could gain along with whole country ) and that even a peace deal between for example moderate opposition and baath party members with assad 's resignation could have safeguarded them much better . 
  here comes the first edgy person to remind everyone that arabs are backwards and ca n't have democracy . 
  i am however using the quoted statement as an example of a `` geopolitical '' struggle where overarching moral goal was very important . 
  it has been true since the first election which took place throughout libya and under eu and un observers , both of which considered it a successful one . 
  it has been during a time before armed groups managed to break up governance . 
  what else can i say to completely delusional posts ? 
  be that as it may , the elections were honest and produced a very western friendly government , as has western intervention . 
  more than that , the society has been western friendly too . 
  the failure of local governance is irrelevant to your argument . 
  well that 's quite ridiculous , because despite government propaganda there were no persecutions of christians until late into the war that assad started , when hardcore fundamentalists became important . 
  the revolution was not sectarian , but the war increasingly became one , and he made it happen . 
  you could also put against each other the base scenario of instability of an overthrow against a full bore civil war . 
  which do you think is easier on the minorities or anyone ? 
  moreover while assad is no guarantor of minority security , the extremists threatening christians can be kept out under a number of constellations of peace deals . 
  lol, 
  well of course if he declares a war on his own country and blows it up to bits , then the places he bombed are not any better , and insecurity ensues and dangers to minorities as well . 
  i do n't see it as much of a positive case for dictatorships , rather an encouragement to find alternatives . 
  tunisian and libyan elections prove huntington wrong . 
  his father also had to put down a bloody uprising in hama and both him and his father are responsible for the decrepit backward state of syria prior to civil war , culminating in the complete and utter destruction of it during the war . 
  most countries do n't get blown to pieces after 17 , 25 or even 42 years . 
  you ca n't hope for different results using the same methods . 
  my bad , i thought you were being sarcastic . 
  how much is `` many '' and what is the share of the total number , according to which sources ? 
  i can not comment on bahrain , because i am not familiar with the local situation in detail , but i would disagree with the claim that `` there is no room for morals in geopolitics '' . 
  there are means to an end , but ultimately they serve to achieve the end , and that tends to involve moral and ethical considerations . 
  history of cold war would have no meaning without the struggle for democracy . 
  opposition to assad is no doubt based on moral grounds as much as on immediate realpolitik concerns . 
   plus we said the same about saddam and gaddaffi and neither iraq nor libya is better off without them apparently . 
  so unless i 'm given a clear set of plans on how to prevent syria becoming an even worse place to live as a result of removing assad , and how those plans differ from the failed ones in iraq , i do n't see why we should remove another dictator and create another power vacuum in an already destabilized region . 
  assad is the head of state . 
  it 's worth recognising that assad 's dictatorship is different from saddam 's and gaddafi 's in that there is an actual state and party apparatus running the state and it 's not depending on his personality . 
  this has made setting the demand for his removal easy , whether you want to undo baath dictatorship , achieve some sort of compromise government , or achieve any number of results of which you might think . 
  and he is personally an obstacle . 
  though by now possibly too entrenched and personally powerful . 
  that 's not how the uprising started or went for a long time , and we could dispute how much is that true today . 
  british and french military intervention never touched a hair on saa 's head . 
  moderate rebels are not foreign troops . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdiaep1pxx4 pictured in video : fundamentalist muslims from all over the world and israeli secret service agents . 
  or not . 
   but generally countries in the middle east enjoy peace , prosperity and even religious freedom ( like in syria ) if they are ruled by warlords like assad the problem is , they have n't and do n't . 
  that 's why we 're talking about this in the first place . 
  i do n't dispute that removing assad without a clearly defined alternative could be worse , but he clearly ran his country into the ground , and i would n't doubt we will see continued resistance to his rule and repeated unrest . 
  i was speaking for myself , really . 
  possibly because he started the entire civil war by violent repressions of what was up to then civil unrest and then proceeded to engage in war crimes on a massive scale including intentional targeting of civilians not only by military means , but also by security forces , which have also sown a fair measure of terror for personal profits . 
  his policy not only brought syria to abject ruin , which necessitates a change in the policy maker , but also made him the most hated man in the country , proving him an obstacle to a peace deal no matter who would be making it . 
  although it has made sense to encourage and support more moderate alternatives . 
  sad !, 
  in varietate concordia quite literally !, 
  i do n't think anything of what you 're saying is making any sense . 
  that 's not really very specific . 
  how is serbia being `` forced '' to join the eu ? 
  looking closely at the data 47,3 % of us 2010 census claims descent from out of western europe - if we leave out italy however , which would have good grounds in its historical designation as southern europe , filthy , catholic and backwards . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_ethnicity_in_the_united_states#analysis_by_2010_federal_population_census if i include their 6 % , the `` western europeans '' become a barely 53 % majority . 
  on the other hand , in my count i 'm not being strict enough to leave out the scandinavians , who for example thomas jefferson believed to be of a different , darker skinned race from fair skinned anglo saxons . 
  or the irish who need no explanation . 
  these census results are of course themselves a subject to fashionable changes in self identification of ethnicity , for example in the ten years between 2000 and 2010 , which i think quite hilariously undermines the narratives of ethnicity populations and their place as a given . 
  same shift could be observed in bosnia , where a lot of young people identify themselves as simply bosnian , rather than along ethnic lines . 
  in turn , in america only 46.5 % express protestant religious beliefs the founding fathers originally built the country upon , according to pew data : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_united_states#gallup.2c_inc._data my point being that definitions of ethnicities and what constitutes good law abiding civilisation propping up groups and what constitutes the others are ever shifting , and it would be good to recognise the potential of people getting along in spite of prejudice . 
  you mean like in the united states , or are you just pointing out that everyone is a minority in bosnia , so the serbs are kind of not special in that way ? 
  i have to go to sleep now , but i promise to write up a reply tomorrow when i wake up . 
  and all the rest of my post . 
  czech republic actually detains failed asylum seekers for a long period of time , up to half a year , so they ca n't abscond if their country is willing to take them . 
  many would probably prefer for a deportation to happen than linger in detention further . 
  moreover they would have no incentive to stay , as illegals they would have no right to anything . 
  they usually head out elsewhere . 
  they are obliged to receive and process requests of asylum seekers , not to grant them asylum . 
  illegality does n't come into any part of this process . 
  this video is not available in your country . 
  v\u00e1clav klaus , though irrelevant personally , is good at expressing the current attitude of the public and western viewers and especially politicians should take careful note of what he says . 
  it can be dispelled very easily , but it needs to be confronted , because many attitudes west would take for granted are actually widely in dispute here .
