it has literally zero to do with disagreeing views , it has everything to do with his views being ridiculous and based on lies . 
  he might as well claim hitler was a good guy and you might label it `` controversial '' and urge me to listen to other points of view and debate it , but it would be just as ridiculous . 
   being smart means thinking things through . 
  it means trying to find the real answer did i reach the tv esoterics channel ? 
  i just did think things through , moreover where chomsky did n't . 
  i pointed out in specific terms step by step what 's stupid about him and the idiotic results his thinking produces . 
  chomsky is an idiot who started his career adoring mao and defending khmer rouge and nowadays , even after invasion of ukraine , genocide in kosovo and bosnia , he is being real smart asking himself deep and meaningful questions , such as why nato never disbanded . 
  he then comes up with deep and meaningful answers about how it 's become a tool of global domination seeking to subdue all those super important energy sources that we know are many in the balkans . 
  com/news/203055-us-russia - war-chomsky / he is of course very bright to point out in the course of the article that us anti-isis coalition is very meaningless apart from mosul being conquered today and raqqa being conquered as we speak right now . 
  he also spreads the lie that nato promised the soviets to never expand eastwards on the basis of talks surrounding reunification of germany , when in fact poland , czechoslovakia , hungary etc. 
  were never discussed , and he frames the expansion of nato as a criminal act by bill clinton when it 's really been a successful own aspiration of free and sovereign peoples . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/interview-with-eduard-shevardnadze-we-couldn-t-believe-that-the-warsaw-pact-could-be-dissolved-a-663595.html http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-shifrinson-russia-us-nato-deal--20160530-snap-story.html chomsky is just plain crazy for dictators , terrorists and power hungry demagogues . 
  he will do absolutely anything for them . 
  they say `` jump '' and chomsky instantly starts jumping . 
  what sort of result do you expect from russian investigators in a political case ? 
  the source being ramzan kadyrov , allegedly . 
   according to our information , the detainees were shot that night and have been carried to various cemeteries , including christian , and buried in hastily dug graves ( some burial sites are known to `` novaya gazeta '' ) . 
  thank you , i am aware enough of russian propagandist version of reality already , and i find it ridiculous . 
  so then according to meduza the allegation was made by kadyrov . 
  we can also just not listen to liars . 
  also , chomsky is an idiot . 
  from the report :  according to our information , the detainees were shot that night and have been carried to various cemeteries , including christian , and buried in hastily dug graves ( some burial sites are known to `` novaya gazeta '' ) . 
   do you think this average person will feel about these two pieces of news differently ? 
  yes , which is probably why you are making things up . 
  the novaya gazeta report says nothing about any isis allegations . 
  victims were also buried at a christian cemetery . 
  the novaya gazeta report did not say that . 
  which report said this ? 
   according to our information , the detainees were shot that night and have been carried to various cemeteries , including christian , and buried in hastily dug graves ( some burial sites are known to `` novaya gazeta '' ) . 
  christian isis , okay . 
  listening to liars for multiple points of view is a folly . 
  what a majestic creature , what has the world come to . 
  you will have to find a way to engage with actual politics , as all great movements and people have done in spite of personal antipathies and distastes , for the sake greater glory and goodness , or else you might as well be stuck with orb\u00e1n forever . 
  join an opposition party and help remove the establishment . 
  clearly we should have governments arbitrarily shut down all universities teaching social sciences because of your preconceptions . 
   p.s. 
  foreseeing all of the comments : yes , they pay me $ 68 per day for shilling on reddit !, 
  quite imaginable . 
  it 's not necessarily our job , but i am saying what helps if you want to help fgm victims in the first place , rather than bash immigrants and foreign nationalities . 
  their relatives are the ones who can have their mind changed ( this is n't a far stretch ) and can be prevented from doing so by the threat of repression not only to a particular girl , but to many more . 
  moreover they can then exert influence on other as of yet uninformed people . 
  i am a little surprised by the downvotes . 
  his foundation supports all sorts of social causes , and i think the `` political activism '' term is debatable . 
  in my mind `` political activism '' can only apply as a result of primarily an engagement in social issues , which is the core focus of his foundation . 
  more importantly in the regimes that hate him the most he 's engaging in little more than a support for general open governance and civic participation . 
  i would strongly recommend making one 's opinion for oneself : https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/, 
  so , just to reiterate : if you are getting a ware from an immigrant , especially someone who has received asylum or international protection : chances are he has been upon immigration informed about the detrimental effects of fgm , is aware that it is illegal , while on the other hand his daughter is protected by law , is informed about her rights , and most importantly of all receives regular medical check-ups . 
  all of which are reasons why this phenomenon is much rarer in european immigration populations than in their respective home countries . 
  if you want to protect women from fgm , there is no better way to do it than to give them all the support , education and protection of the european countries . 
  the same applies to their relatives , families and offspring . 
  newly recorded cases are not the same as `` new cases '' . 
  but ... that 's what he 's done . 
  sometimes this works in advancing their interests also because you accept their seemingly reasonable premise , as surely ordinary people scarcely tell things with no substance . 
  a very poor country of hospitable and friendly laid back people who are a more natural part of europe than outsiders realise . 
  underdog with a big potential . 
  captures the spirit of the place well . 
  the last couple of articles look like someone was trying to hastily fulfil their quota in a troll factory . 
   why are six u.s. 
  senators bolstering thugs in the balkans ? 
  an opinion article saying the macedonian government is illegally pressuring us aid and a local macedonian civic organisation , which happens to be funded by open society foundation , which has received its endowment money from soros . 
  are we supposed to be rooting for the said thugs and people throwing rocks at civic activists or ... ? 
   soros outlines ideas for reconstruction , regional-aid package for the balkans eighteen years old article behind a paywall . 
  but i am glad that as far back as in 1999 george soros has committed himself to the betterment of life in war struck balkans . 
   `` the u.s. government has quietly spent millions of taxpayer dollars to destabilize the democratically elected , center-right government in macedonia by colluding with left-wing billionaire philanthropist george soros . '' washington times writer says that judicial watch say that macedonian ruling party says ... that youth engagement support is somehow undermining the government . 
  presumably by holding openly accessible seminars on how citizens can participate in it . 
  i am sorry , but clearly government of macedonia or any country is a property of no party and belongs to its citizens . 
   macedonia to george soros and usaid : go away suddenly the `` six thugs '' from the original article are now the good guys who we can take at their word . 
  what it really means is : `` macedonian ruling party to usaid and a macedonian civil organisation : go away '', 
  sure you can , there 's whole organisations of people , making a living manufacturing internet content like that and yet many more people that have been duped . 
  but that does n't mean its true . 
  just how gullible and misinformed do you have to be that you would think anyone proposes settling * illegal * immigrants anywhere ? 
  to think this is completely seriously proposed by hungarian government on national television at expense of the taxpayers . 
  the only reason why there 's so much hate towards soros is because his liberal conviction , furthered quite gently by financing civil organisations , movements and even public services ( eg . 
  financing of russian libraries and higher education ) is stepping on toes of the most ridiculous governments and government agendas . 
  russia hates him the most and spent a lot of its resources working him out to be a boogeyman , it 's shame that formerly sattelite european countries are now buying into it . 
  though they 're not alone , the american right plays the useful idiots quite willingly too , because democracy in eastern europe is not as important as random social issue bickering in the us . 
  i am suggesting that soros has not wielded manipulative , coercive power over states in the past . 
  somehow , the hungarian video is not about currency speculation though , is it ? 
  the reason why you really hate soros is because he bolsters liberal civil societies and that 's about it . 
  very good, 
  actually what is happening is that all regulations have a grandfathering clause meaning you ca n't use the gun , even though you can own it . 
  but why , why would you possibly want to restrict people from having things made by their labour , like dirty bombs ? 
  did they not work on them ? 
  oh the inhumanity . 
   and those crimes would n't be commited if guns were n't legal ? 
  those crimes would be significantly harder to commit if the guns were n't legal . 
  or are you suggesting that criminals take the trouble to acquire guns because it 's making things worse for them ? 
   and switzerland restrict availability heavily ? 
  is that why they have one weapon for every 4 citizen ? 
  because those are military firearms for which they do not have ammunition at home . 
   and also , for every firearm related homicide in usa , there are 37 000 guns . 
  1 174 370 serious crime incidents took place with firearms in 2013 . 
  there 's 192\u00a0000\u00a0000 privately owned firearms in the us . 
  but i will let everyone be the judge of whether us has a gun crime problem or not . 
  and of course whether 235 000 self defense uses over a * five year * period fully compensates the risks of private gun ownership . 
  firearms for regular citizens in the us are used seven times more to commit crime with firearm than self-defensive behaviour , according to these two surveys : https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cv14.pdf https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/fv9311.pdf  usa have many weapons , yes , but so does switzerland , finland and sweden finland does not recognise self-defense as a valid reason to own a gun , switzerland heavily restricts their availability in private capacity : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-21379912 numerous other factors contribute to or decrease crime for sure , but guns contribute more to insecurity . 
  why do n't we then make owning dynamite , cyanide and dirty nuclear bombs a constitutional right , considering all those might come from the result of your labour ? 
  knives , axes , hammers and shovels are not primarily made for killing people , and have a significant conventional utility outside of the area . 
   and in usa , people are n't shot with legal guns anyway according to survey of bureau of justice , most inmates in 1997 either purchased the gun , or obtained it from family or friend . 
  minority bought the weapon off the street and just 9,9 % stole it .
