( germany ) i have gone to school both here and in the us so maybe i can give some first hand experiences of what 's different beyond the hard facts . 
  i think a fundamental difference i felt was that in the us , everything gets you points . 
  you hand in all your homework , you have multiple choice test every week , those are graded and the percentage of points you achieved determines your grades . 
  that is totally different here . 
  the majority of teachers never or very very rarely collect homework , it 's expected that you just do it , some do n't even check . 
  also , we more or less only have finals as tests except in foreign languages where you 'll most likely have vocabulary tests ( or in other classes you get quizzes if you teacher is an asshole , but most did n't bother in my case ) . 
  adding to that , in most classes your participation in class is weighed more than your grades in finals ( 2/3 ) . 
  so that gives teachers a lot more room to determine your grade because it is dependent on how he or she finds your behavior in class , which does n't have a real check list , it more of a `` feeling '' of how you compare to others . 
  what i found this difference leads to is that while us high school is not easy , if you do everything you 're asked to do , hand in all your homework , study for the quizzes , you automatically get an a. 
  this is not the case here . 
  doing everything you are specifically told to do will depending on your ability in the subject get you a b or c. i felt that in germany to get an a , you have to go beyond the normal expectations , especially because participation in class only gets an a if you know more than you `` should '' just by taking the class . 
  i 'm not sure what i like better because while i found american high school stressful , you knew the work would pay off . 
  i had straight a 's after my semester there , which was n't completely out of the ordinary . 
  if someone has straight a 's ( we do have different grades here but i 'm translating for you mhhk ) in germany they a ) do n't have a life b ) are fucking smart . 
  i do think that the german system honors personal devotion to a subject more but it 's also nice that in america grades are super predictable . 
  he is n't . 
  and i have no clue what people find so appealing in his character . 
  i think flula is a major hit in the us compared to germany . 
  an american introduced me , i honestly find him super irritating . 
  i know , the issue of police brutality is indeed there , it just pisses me off when people are entitled enough to think they are going through the same thing as children fleeing from a civil war . 
  maybe you would like to check out some of the countries proclaimed as safe origin by the eu and decide if you would prefer those to to the us . 
  asylum is n't pick and choose . 
  * `` uh you have the right skin color , but nah wrong faith '' * . 
  that 's not how it works ( thank god ! ), 
  because we can not put a humans right to live over a countries desire to benefit from those coming in . 
  selected immigration is all fine and well , but it under no circumstances is to be mixed with asylum . 
  the only thing affecting asylum should be degree of need and behavior in the new country . 
  immigration is not the same as asylum . 
  asylum is a basic human right given to those in absolute need , immigration is not and should ( finally for gods sake ) be left out of such discussions . 
  i do feel very sorry and enraged for the black population of the us that they apparently fear for their lives in the vicinity of a police officer and it is something that needs to be addressed urgently , but i do not think the us qualifies as a country of generally unsafe origin compared to other countries in much worse condition that are deemed safe . 
  honestly i am lost as to who 's point you are trying to make . 
  if the police officer has a right to feel he or someone else is in immediate danger ( that means aiming , not just carrying ) , he may `` get away '' with killing the person carrying the toy gun . 
  but it is quite rare here that police officers even get to the point of shooting a bullet , not least because there always is a long aftermath of trials and police officers have gotten convicted for wrongfully killing someone in service . 
   if so , is that sort of police violence ( as well as the criminal injustice system ) an imminent enough danger for you to consider temporary asylum for black males in the us ? 
  they * fund * islamism , if that means keeping it in check . 
  and sure it all looks alright when you just enslave people and give them no rights or opportunities to have them heard . 
  true to an extent , but still i have more people from elsewhere in germany in my university classes than urberliner !, 
  actually , i think you are confusing something . 
  not everyone has to get their ticket validated because they might have a monthly or yearly ticket that is on their name . 
  so it is probably less people than you imagine . 
  why ? 
  is n't it very german to stick to the rules no matter what ? 
  because we trust that the majority of people are simply good enough persons that they pay regardless of getting controlled . 
  to be fair , not sure how well it is working out , but it would also be a major hassle to update an entire metro system to install ticket barriers . 
  was like a decade ago , so i do n't know , but could have been . 
  you are suggesting marmite ? 
  that 's why we take a connection earlier just in case , noob !, 
  actually yes , that was the first time i saw a cheese string . 
  and of course , i was n't dying from it and the host family was lovely , just saying the food was n't that great , 
  sure it 's a snack , just not the most appetizing hah, 
  i do n't know what it was , all i remember is it tasting pretty horrible , think it was some kind of spread . 
  honestly , not meant as an attack , i have had such bad experiences with british food . 
  i 've lived in host families twice and they both could n't cook vegetables , gave us string cheese as a snack and put weird stuff on our sandwiches . 
  the food on british airways was so bad i threw up from it . 
  and sadly , the indian food which i had such high expectations for turned out to be pretty meh :( but no worries , fish & chips saves it all !, 
  france < 3, 
  well , choosing bonn was a statement to say that this country western germany was n't complete and would n't set anything in stone until the goal of reunification was met . 
  rather than a `` rational '' move it was a sign to not accept the devide as permanent . 
  berlin also just always was the capital . 
  some countries chose to base theirs based on geography , others on influence . 
  germany just happened to do that . 
  and when talking about reunifying the two countries , there really was nothing better than berlin . 
  both could feel a connection to it and would not feel left out in the process . 
  yes , this also applies to just about every region . 
  berlin is not typically german at all , the very north is more danish than anything else , i could go on . 
  just , bavaria is hated with so much passion and hates us back just as much , that placing a capital there would probably evoke a civil war . 
  no , not really . 
  anything outside of bavaria would n't represent bavaria , anything inside it and the rest of germany would just straight up not acknowledge it as theirs . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_community https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_european_union, 
  the eu was not founded in 1993 , in fact , it is really hard to say when exactly one can speak of a european union . 
  the concept of european unity started all the way back in 1952 with the creation of the european coal and steel community by the benelux countries , west germany , france and italy . 
  they then signed the treaty of rome in '57 that established a customs union ( eec ) . 
  from then on that union , whatever it was called at the specific time , grew in members and more complex privileges . 
  so actually , the eu has been part of europe since right after the war and really helped establish peace in western europe ; france and germany were for the first time in hundreds of years partners and not enemies . 
  europe is not undermining nato , are you confusing trump with us or what ? 
  was n't he the one heavily criticizing the institution in his bid for presidency ? 
  also , if you are referring to europe owing nato , more specifically the us , money : we do n't owe you shit . 
  the european members still have time to meet that goal of 2 % gdp for military spending until 2024 , and even so , it is an agreement , not an obligation and in no way influences how much the us spends on their military . 
  i 'm actually going to go a different route here : yes , i think depending on the region it is very likely someone will bring up trump/politics after a little while of small talk . 
  if you do n't want to talk about it , just say so , especially in germany we need you to be direct , do n't beat around the bush . 
  some people might be a little disappointed because they were excited to hear an american perspective on the topic , but they will most likely accept your wish and move to a different subject . 
  just maybe try and understand why people are so interested in it . 
  these days lots of the scandals of the american government also get covered on our national news , so it is to an extent slapped in our faces just as much as yours . 
  it what first comes to mind when thinking of america today , so just like you guys like bringing up ww2 when finding out we 're german because that 's an immediate association , we like talking about trump from time to time . 
  excuse the insult , it 's simply lost in translation : england is the most common way to refer to the entire u.k. in the german language . 
  kind of ignorant , but i swear not done to offend you on purpose !, 
  exactly , it is highly unfair to generalize like that , no race is inherently more intelligent or well behaved , but humans are very simplistic after all and like to believe that their experience holds true to the rest of the world , so what they see is what they think is fact . 
  i think you are asking the wrong crowd , pal . 
  the term model minority is from america and only really used there . 
  to answer your question though i 'd say that east asian immigrants have a better reputation because most of them here through university , so we really only see the best of the best sent by these countries . 
  many immigrants from norther africa for example are here mainly because of poverty in their home country . 
  they have the possibility to get to europe by foot/boat , whereas poor people from let 's say china will hardly walk to europe to find better life , i am sure the same thing happens over in asia with people migrating from less fortunate areas to richer ones . 
  really ? 
  i have n't been to india so i could n't say but is n't indian food also quite reliant on dairy ? 
  meat def not so much , but many dishes have paneer and the bread often contains yogurt . 
  though i might be wrong in that assumption , berlin being the `` vegan capital '' is probably more due to the vegan movement being very present here , and less because berlin cuisine is naturally plant based . 
  it is not something i need to quote a politician on , it is simply a fact . 
  france would lose a lot of benefits by giving away the territory around monaco . 
  many people live there who they can collect taxes off , it creates tourism and just in general , countries are very apprehensive about losing territory , they do n't just hand it over simply because it would be `` nice '' of them . 
  alright , but i just gave you a serious answer and you 're not even going to respond to it ?
