fair enough . 
  i must say though , german sparkling wine is a rare sight in britain . 
  champagne remains ever-popular and italian processo has overtaken spanish cava in the last 15 years or so , but the last time i saw a sekt on a restaurant wine list was about six years ago . 
  it was a sparkling pinot noir . 
  i did n't order it . 
  if you 're paying german taxes when you 're buying stuff in britain , you probably need a better accountant . 
  in this case it 's because a group of britons , the people who occupied most of britain before the anglo-saxon conquest , fled to an area of modern-day galicia that was subsequently known as britonia . 
  others fled to the part of france that is now brittany ( known to the romans as britannia minor , while great britain was britannia major ) while most of the rest were driven into wales , cornwall and parts of scotland . 
  so galicians do share brittonic heritage with the british isles , though there is a millennium of separation . 
  they would have shared a language ( common brittonic , which later developed into . 
  the welsh , cornish and breton languages ) and a culture , prior to the saxon invasion . 
  i 'm incredibly nervous . 
  i 'd planned on sleeping until 3am but i ca n't do it . 
  i 'm wide awake , desperately hoping for a yes vote . 
  scotland to annex northumberland by 2030 . 
  none of them voted themselves least ** and ** most arrogant . 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  i only said that , if you have a debt that you want rid of , it can be a good idea to move to a different creditor . 
  how you took that as a critique of the free market , i have no idea . 
  did you reply to the wrong person ? 
  none of that has a thing to do with what i said , which was just that if one creditor offers more favourable repayment terms than the other , then paying one debt with anther is a good idea . 
  depending on the terms each creditor offers , it can be an astute move . 
  to add to that , several of the people in the right picture are pointing the screens of their phones towards the camera . 
  those in the 2004 image probably mostly have phones as well , they 're just not holding them up in lieu of candles during a song . 
  no one code of football stole the name from another . 
  the word ` football ' predates association football ( soccer ) and gridiron football by centuries . 
  it 's any team ball game that 's played on foot , so it does n't matter how often the players ' feet touch the ball . 
  pictures of landscapes are n't depictions of acts . 
  is that how you spell jacobs in bongo bongo land ? 
  looks awful . 
  - n. farage, 
  [ here 's mine from a couple of years ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/lgboq/in_response_to_as_seen_by_this_is_the_sum_of_my/ ) . 
  i disagree , but again i 'm only referring to the short term . 
  the first time somebody said ` factoid ' and meant ' a fact ' , they were wrong . 
  at that time it only meant ` not a fact ' , and i doubt that anyone had any intent of repurposing the word . 
  i 'm not saying the secondary definition is wrong now , though it is rather confusing . 
  you 're right of course , but i 'd argue that it 's misuse in the short term . 
  nobody sat down and decided to coin a new meaning for the word , they just used it wrongly . 
  the misuse of factoid is so widespread that many online dictionaries have actually added a secondary definition for it that matches your usage . 
  unfortunately it 's entirely at odds with the original definition , it ca n't mean both ' a fact ' and ` not a fact ' . 
  it 's perfectly logical in this instance , the - oid suffix means ` similar but not the same ' . 
  a humanoid is n't a human , and a factoid is n't a fact . 
  it just looks like one . 
  glasgow resident here , can confirm . 
  it notes in the key that the first language was used for the uk and ireland . 
  i did n't draw the map , but i did [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s9m4a.png ) summary of my knowledge of us geography ages ago . 
  i now know where illinois is , but i 'm still convinced that alaska is some sort of elaborate hoax . 
  i live in scotland . 
  scotland would fit quite nicely between italy and greece , so the rest of britain can do whatever it likes . 
  that would be the initial plan , but we would eventually end up with some sort of awful compromise that nobody is satisfied with . 
  also it would be way over budget . 
  actually the main form of spanish spoken in spain is known as castilian spanish , and the main form of french spoken in france is known as metropolitan french . 
  the name of the relevant form of the language is british english , so a british flag makes just as much sense . 
  i thought he meant an air strike , but then it 's odd that they 'd call one of those off for any reason so now i 'm confused . 
  haha , it 's a parody poster from 30 rock . 
  the actual transformers movie dark of the moon was just as bad though . 
  [ here 's the first poster for it ] ( http://imgur.com/a/pzqpk ), 
  you know it 's a joke , right ? 
  the other scandinavian country , ikea . 
  ignorant foreigners like you is why we is closing the borders !, 
  do n't even know peoper geology . 
  vox pop is when they interview members of the public in the street , rather than a call-in . 
  that was n't the context of your initial statement that `` nobody expected a coalition '' in response to `` nobody was petitioning for a second election '' . 
  that has nothing to do with the lib dems losing support for entering coalition , which is something you brought up later . 
   that is literally what i said . 
  people did not expect the lib dems to coalition with the tories because it would require giving up the vast majority of why people voted for them . 
  you initially said `` nobody expected a coalition '' , giving that as a reason there was no call for a second election . 
  that 's not the same thing as `` lib dem voters did n't expect a coalition with the tories '' , which is what you changed to when i told you that a coalition had been expected leading up to the election because no party was polling well enough to see them win an overall majority . 
  the former is patently untrue because a coalition was fully expected going into the election . 
  the latter is true only if you include the caveat that it 's because they expected a coalition with labour instead but they knew that either was possible . 
   you ca n't just say they did n't collapse because of the coalition and in the same sentence say that 's what they did . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i said that the expectation of a coalition did n't cause a drop in support . 
  this is evidenced by the fact that people voted lib dem knowing that a coalition with the tories was possible because nick clegg had said that they would negotiate with whichever party had the largest mandate . 
  ` the coalition agreement ' is the name of the document that resulted from the tory/lib dem negotiations . 
  i said that the coalition agreement is what caused a collapse in support because of its position on tuition fees . 
   and i 'll state again you were the sole voter voting for them expecting a coalition with the tories . 
  i expected and hoped for a coalition with labour , same as most lib dem voters did , but i knew a tory coalition was a possibility , same as most lib dem voters did , and i accepted that negotiations would go ahead with them when they got the biggest mandate , same as most lib dem voters did . 
   and there was nothing wrong with that use of antonym , do clarify on that . 
  antonyms are words with opposite meanings , not people or parties with opposite ideals . 
   funny because if anything you just said is true the lib dems should n't have been punished for coalitioning with the tories . 
  the subsequent collapse of lib dem support has nothing to do with whether or not their was an expectation of a coalition . 
  the voters went into the election hoping and thinking that a coalition with labour was more likely than one with the tories . 
  the collapse in support mostly came with the details of the coalition agreement , in which the party compromised on the key manifesto pledge on tuition fees . 
   i guess reality backs me and whatever fanciful world you live in where everyone loves the lib dems for breaking their promises and joining their antonyms and lib dems have hundreds of mps can stay in your head strawman much ? 
  at no point have i suggested any such thing . 
  incidentally , that 's a solid misuse of antonym , just so you know . 
  i was a member of the lib dems from 2004 to 2013 ( i 'm now snp ) and i campaigned for them in 2010 ( also in 2005 and in the 2007 and 2011 scottish elections ) , so i can tell you full well that lib dems voters knew it was a possibility . 
  many of them just hoped that labour would do well enough to be the party with the biggest mandate , and that did n't happen . 
  the point remains though , that your claim that nobody expected a coalition is utter bullocks . 
  nonsense . 
  the polls had suggested that there would be no overall majority since february , three months before the election . 
  nick clegg said weeks before the election that he 'd seek to form a coalition with whichever party had the bigger mandate . 
  everybody knew there would be coalition talks long before the votes were cast , and after the election there were five days of negotiations between the lib dems and the tories before a government was formed . 
  nobody was petitioning for a second election . 
  clegg really jumped the gun when he said they 'd side with whichever party had the bigger mandate while labour were ahead in the polls , he should n't have said anything until the results were in . 
  yes , and a second election would have been called , but the polls after the hung parliament result came in suggested that a second election would have resulted in a tory majority . 
  i think you 're dead on with those first two paragraphs , but all the opinion polls at the time suggested a snap second election in 2010 would have resulted in a tory majority . 
  the lib dems pretty much fell on their swords to prevent that . 
  maybe , but they could n't have passed any of their manifesto pledges without the coalition agreement .
