t 's not so obviously , or uniquely , the greeks , is it ? 
  it 's all of us , is n't it . 
  yes , it is . 
  no , it is not . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  continuity of culture is defined by what , in your view ? 
  language ? 
  modern greek is very similar to ancient greek . 
  by geography ? 
  check . 
  by y-haplogroup distribution ? 
  check . 
  athens and sparta and corinth may not have been one country , but they were definitively one nation . 
  they thought of themselves as greeks , they spoke mutually intelligible dialects of the same language . 
  it 's absurd , offensive , and nonsensical to think you have more claim to ancient greek monuments , that were moreover constructed as part of an architectural feature that was ** in ** athens . 
   ancient greek language and culture was warped beyond recognition by alexander , the romans and the turks to the extent that it really is a moot point , the extent to which modern greeks share much more in terms of cultural heritage with ` their ' past than others in europe . 
  i 've already addressed this , and you refuse to listen . 
  any way you cut it , even with your spurious and offensive , and even borderline racist claims that modern greeks have been `` warped beyond recognition '' from the ancient greeks , they still , after centuries , have more in common than anyone british does . 
  furthermore , like i said , culture is n't defined genetically like you are trying to do , nor is it a constant thing . 
  it 's defined , contained by , and changed within , language , geography , morals , traditions , all of which the modern greeks have in common with the ancient greeks a thousand times more than the english . 
  there is absolutely no claim based on culture you can make that can be more legitimate than that of the modern greek state . 
  and the fact that you seem to think yourself fit to judge which cultures have and have not anything in common with their ancient ancestors is yet another thing that speaks volumes about yourself , may i add . 
  you do n't see anyone here making claims that the british have been diluted by centuries of intermingling with , let us say , indians , or any other cultures subjugated by the british empire . 
  because that is a ridiculous , offensive , and racist remark , and it is neither here nor there . 
  i think your not addressing any of the actual points at all speaks volumes . 
  criticizing word choice and quoting out of context to construct straw men is the last resort of those who have no real argument left . 
  i 'm sorry , but you are as unfamiliar with the proper forms of arguing and comprehension as you try to portray others of being . 
  i 'll just address one last point for the sake of integrity . 
   ... and you 're still calling it theft . 
  i 'd have to accept it as that to follow your argument . 
  but i do n't . 
  that is absolutely asinine and disingenuous on your part . 
  you do n't have to accept my view of any point to argue it , as i did n't have to accept your view to debate it . 
  that is the very definition of debate , trying to argue a point of view that the two parties do not share . 
   yuo 're a bit light with the facts here that 's exceedingly rich , coming from you . 
  here 's the facts : the original document is now lost , but what is said to be a translated italian copy made at the time still survives , and that document 's own authenticity is in doubt . 
  with so much uncertainty one can only guess , so i 'm just as justified making my argument as you making yours . 
  in fact , i 'm even more justified , because there are scholars - italian , greek , british , and otherwise - questioning the legitimacy , of both the translated document and what it purportedly translates , as a legally binding agreement at all . 
  however , even if we did n't know any of that , following historical precedent , what probably happened is that the various local turkish officials were bribed by the british with luxurious presents to do whatever they wanted . 
  but the other elephant in the room , that you conveniently ignored , is that any purchase from the conqueror in a conquered land is like buying stolen articles from a thief or robber . 
  it 's as good as the nazi art plunder that took place during the second world war . 
   i do n't understand how you can suggest otherwise . 
  you obviously did n't understand the argument to begin with . 
  you said that the supposed motive was to preserve the marbles as opposed to enriching the british empire ( which any sane man thinks is laughable , but leave that aside for now ) , and yet here we are , where there is a state of the art site to preserve the marbles , so that supposed motive now is moot . 
  even if we assume that was true 200 years now , there is no reason to bring this up anymore . 
  in actual fact , the marbles have suffered much more damage in london , where for a long time they were not protected from london 's atmosphere , than if they had stayed in athens , where air pollution is a recent phenomenon . 
  elgin himself admitted to the house of commons that london 's dampness had caused significant decay to the sensitive pentelic marble . 
  that was in 1816 . 
   here 's a difference : not that all monuments should be moved to where they have max visibility but given that this particular set of sculptures is already in such a location you need quite a strong argument for now changing that . 
  here 's the thing : you ca n't legitimize theft * ex post facto * just because the property happens to be somewhere else now and it 's inconvenient . 
  that 's the same with any ancient monuments that have been torn from their country of origin and now reside in the british museum , and which of course all of them have despaired of ever seeing again . 
   it 's not as if you 're going to put them back on the parthenon , after all . 
  so you wo n't be restoring them to their proper place in any sense at all . 
  i 'm on the verge of stopping here . 
  your arrogance and smugness is astounding . 
  that is because the ancient marble can not withstand exposure without being damaged . 
  and because greece wo n't be restoring them on their place on the parthenon , but in the new museum which is a hundred yards away with a view of the parthenon in order to better preserve them , you think yourself fit to judge that their proper place is across the world instead . 
  this is of as much value as your pronouncement that modern greeks have less to do with ancient greeks than the modern english . 
  in short , all of your arguments amount to a lot of hot air , and the convenient `` they 're here now , so what are you going to do about it ? '', 
  well , i 'm going to campaign to educate people about why your arguments make no sense , and to have the marbles sent back to their proper place , where they belong . 
  this is obviously a very emotional subject in greece , but i 'll try to argue the points rationally . 
  the `` acquisition '' , which happened more than 200 years ago , is very controversial . 
  in fact , under modern interpretations of scholars from the italian translation of the permit obtained by elgin , which is all that remains , the document was in no way a binding firman authorizing elgin to remove any marbles . 
  he only chose to view it that way because it suited his purpose of enriching england with the cultural heritage of other countries . 
  furthermore , even if the deal was legitimate , which it was not , it was made with an overlord of greek territory who was viewed by the inhabitants of greece as a conqueror , oppressor , and tyrant , with no authority to give any such permission other than the right of might . 
  the fact that now , when modern greece has absolutely great `` powers of conservation '' as you call them , and a brand new state of the art museum to house them , but the marbles are n't given back , tells you all you need to know about elgin 's supposed noble motives in removing them . 
  all of those things contribute to this acquisition being regarded as a theft by the modern greek state and modern greek people , and elgin viewed as an ignoble thief , to my knowledge from pretty much everyone other than the english . 
  the culture that created the marbles has more to do with modern greece than with modern england . 
  that is all that needs to be said . 
  that argument is absurd . 
  it 's tantamount to saying that we should move all the world 's monuments to where they should have maximum visibility . 
  why london and not some other city ? 
  even if you concede the absurd point that architectural features can thus be removed . 
  no , that is an absolutely infuriating and insulting argument to make from a position of superiority . 
  `` we have the marbles now , so you might as well accept that more people see them here than if we returned them to you . '', 
  i have to tell you , these arguments are belittling and insulting to greeks . 
  they bespeak ignorance and arrogance on the part of those who make them . 
  arrogance to presume to make such pronouncements as `` your country is n't big enough to have the marbles back '' and `` you are n't greeks '' . 
  there really is no reason for britain to hold on to the heritage of another country , torn from the place where it was built in controversial circumstances that the modern state does not recognize to boot . 
  get in line buddy !, 
   credit cards were demonized in greece because of the past overspending . 
  a lot of people do n't know that if you pay your credit card bill on time , you do n't get to pay any interest and most of them do n't know that you can pay for purchases with your cash card do you happen to have any stats for that ? 
  it might have been like that years ago , but to my knowledge , since almost everyone has been forced to cut back on personal spending , knowledge of how the credit/debit system works has become very commonplace these days . 
  i just pictured them during those multiple `` four-part meetings '' between tsipras-hollande-merkel-tusk that they took breaks from the main summit for , to just go in a conference room and snooze in each other 's arms . 
  it only needed the `` retiring at 50 '' to make your caricature complete . 
  the simplistic narratives that you 've been posting up and down this sub are doing everyone a disservice , including yourself . 
  no we do n't . 
  i can only speak for myself , but i agree with him when he 's right , and disagree when he 's not . 
  and i 'm mostly critical of him these days . 
  but this deal has nothing to do with whether you agree or not with tsipras , nothing to do with common sense , nothing to do with economics , but with deliberate humiliation . 
  asking severe measures to be passed in three days ? 
  asking for $ 50bn assets to be put in german and luxembourg hands ? 
  asking for a 5-year grexit ? 
  asking to cede authority not to the people you voted for , but to foreign unelected officials ? 
  all those after greece proposed the same , and more severe , terms that germany and co. had been putting forth before ? 
  these are demands that are designed to humiliate , and to be rejected - or to topple the government that agrees to them and tries to pass them . 
  spiegel called them `` the catalog of horrors '' . 
  guardian said tsipras was going through `` mental waterboarding '' today . 
  all , of course , in the name of `` lost trust '' . 
  an irony which has been noted .
