too bad our military has been severely mismanaged and underfunded for the last decade or two but i would much prefer we get our collective heads out our arses and explore a defence alliance with you guys before even considering nato though . 
  sell the medal . 
   what evaluation process is so perfect that calling it flawed is not a reasonable opinion ? 
  if any given evaluation process can be considered flawed then calling an evaluation process flawed adds no information whatsoever . 
  of course not . 
  it was meant as a snide comment to point out that that band of murderers do n't hold any legitimacy whatsoever . 
  anything we do to inhibit their rampage will by them be seen as an affront and of course be propagandised against us but that ca n't be a reason to not act with respect to the movement of fighters to and from europe . 
  still much nicer colours than theirs . 
  ` they ' as in the women i guess . 
  every time i can identify a word being spoken by a danish person i learn danish . 
  i have n't learned much danish yet :(, 
  population . 
  damn it , my plan was moving to denmark . 
  so let 's throw a party in solidarity of our ukrainian friends ? 
  we really fucked that one up . 
  even better for gaza !, 
  consumer rights have always been strong in scandinavia . 
  well the question you 've so far failed to answer is ; how can i trust my representatives if i do n't know what they 're doing , how can can i hold them accountable for their actions ? 
  well they got whipped with birch twigs when they sat in the sauna . 
  that 's when they realised finland is just like saudi arabia but colder . 
  this is interesting . 
  would you like to share the source ? 
  practice makes perfect . 
  i 'm not informed on the matter as to what would be the most suitable solution so i voted united benelux because i do n't like too many colours , also makes geography easier . 
  also , what the fuck is up with the baltic sea ? 
  now imagine the hassle if we 'd have border control . 
  syrians get permanent residence automatically . 
  is there an echo in here ? 
  you mean they ca n't even vote left . 
  first one . 
  the rest of europe knows about arnstad ? 
  now i 'm sad . 
  batt it iss an `` s '' vuitt an appsajd daun tjajnees hat !, 
   also , anti-racism and anti-discrimination ideas are very entrenched in swedish psyche and feels nice , as a foreigner , to know that they 're actively ** fighting the urge to hurt ** you . 
  ftfy, 
  my father was actually working on the gripen project in the late 80 's . 
  he was responsible for the wings and the nose of the aircraft and in connection to a crash my grandfather called him asking what the hell they were doing . 
  father responded by noting that the wings were still intact . 
  it must have been the crash in 89 because he was ill with leukaemia in 93 . 
  rest in peace father . 
  sure , that 's why you do n't start off with lets unite norden . 
  that would be like asking a girl if you can cum on her face before even having a first date . 
  what you do instead is talk about closer cooperation in areas where it makes a lot of sense . 
  for example in areas such as higher education , r&d , foreign policy , media and so on . 
  you ca n't create unity by slamming a gavel on a table but you can create conditions that increases the exchange between the nordic countries to the point where the idea of a unity becomes natural . 
  well it 's not like you ca n't argue convincingly that there are lots of upsides with a united norden without associating the idea with idiots . 
  well i have a knife and a bottle of koskenkorva so i guess i qualify . 
  that 's four merci though . 
  i have neither career , network nor friends so suck it !, 
  how about you get half of our journalists and we get half of yours , balance achieved . 
  glad to be of help , brother . 
  you can not if it 's irrelevant to the context is what it says . 
  we 've accumulated plenty of sand from our new countrymen for our heads to bury in . 
  edit : okay , i fucked this up . 
  it was supposed to be a joke about getting sand in your shoes but there 's no mention of shoes . 
  stupid me . 
  what 's wrong with the netherlands ? 
  `` try to stay pissed at us about this issue for a few more years '' . 
  i 'm sceptical about this comparison , as someone already mentioned some countries have mandatory military service and in sweden it 's very unusual for someone pursuing a msc in engineering to take out a bsc after three years , in fact at lund institute of technology there 's no requirement on people studying for msc in engineering to write a bachelor 's thesis . 
  furthermore in a booming economy it 's fairly common for people to skip out on taking their degree as they find jobs before they 're done with their thesis . 
  for example i had a co-worker who did n't finish his master 's thesis until he had twelve years of work experience because he was snatched by industry . 
  looks more like dancing . 
  i approve . 
  we just want a fair fight is all . 
  there is probably no underlying logic , she is just incredibly stupid . 
  in the beginning of the nineties there was a surge in immigration to sweden as well as xenophobia and racism . 
  this scene portrays a debate of sorts in the immigrant ghetto of rinkeby where the prime minister and his minister of immigration attended to give reassurance . 
  the minister of immigration has the brilliant idea that a singalong is just what 's needed . 
  kumbayah might work . 
  though we already tried [ we shall overcome ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=izqpmroclcm ) in sweden . 
  sure , why make an argument when you can write something stupid . 
  well that last thing seems a bit optimistic . 
  what if the comments are biased ? 
  yeeeeeaaah, 
  [ sure we did . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustavus_adolphus_of_sweden ), 
  so not brb ? 
  it 's tiresome to hear of people speaking about the benefits in the long run when the long run has already occurred in some places . 
  in the long run you get malm\u00f6 , a city that have n't been able to balance a budget for years without significant financial assistance from the rest of sweden . 
  if malm\u00f6 was a country it would be worse off then greece and when the rest of sweden ends up in the same spot the people who rely on tax financed welfare are thoroughly fucked ( which ironically will be to a large extent the very same immigrants peoples hearts ache for ) . 
  you can not presuppose that foreign born people can be successfully integrated into society such that the foreign born pays in the same or more taxes than the native while using the same or less tax money . 
  it has n't happened after decades of trying and there 's no reason to believe it will be accomplished in the following decades . 
  making policy out of premises that are n't valid today and will probably not be valid tomorrow is unintelligent to express it modestly . 
  even if people accept the premise that a human has a duty to help any other human that needs it ( which many do n't and for valid reasons ) then i still have to ask , how much help will be available in a decade or in two ? 
  well the tax payers certainly are n't making any rules . 
  well the purpose of the eu is to meddle in the affairs of sovereign states . 
  i think you 're misinterpretating ( it 's written confusingly ) . 
  60 % of those who responded `` we 're at war with islam '' identified as danish people 's party voters appears more plausible . 
  that really depends on how the data was sampled . 
  for a random sample you can be reasonably sure the conclusion would n't change considerably in a repeat survey . 
  if they stratified over relevant demographic groups as well the uncertainty is very small . 
  though recently non-random or correlated sampling schemes have been employed ( typically in web panels ) for which it is hard to give any theoretical guarantees from the outside . 
  for the first two you should n't expect more than a couple percentage points difference in a repeat survey . 
  david irving , while certainly later on arguing very controversial points also made contributions to the history of ww2 . 
  he was jailed in austria . 
  firstly , the eurocrats will do that just fine without my help and secondly it wo n't be beautiful . 
  fuck no . 
  do n't try to drag us into your mess . 
  apparently they should have made a cancer prevention campaign instead . 
  the whole idea of democracy stems from ancient greece ; is this idea even more outdated ?
