thats not necessarily true . 
  you fell out of heaven and you 're alive . 
  those arabs and commies up north are going to feel it ? 
  man i thought it was just the republicans who were crazy . 
  really which episode is it ? 
  i hear accommodation sucked through ? 
  man i keep forgetting sam neill is a kiwi . 
  thats depressing . 
  anyone want to place money on who is going to be higher tomorrow ? 
  just you wait shitlords , soon he will be running the place . 
  not really i just have a gambling habit . 
  yeah i used to play , i ran a socially liberal , fiscally conservative country . what type of country do you run ? 
  oh no the pm is taking part in his country 's cultural activities , what a shit head . 
  we should really keep our ears to the ground for more information . 
  he should just do what i do , pick the side with the most attractive women . 
  from my google search it seems to be isreal . 
  probably not but my doctor tells me its because of all the sugar in it . 
  why is god so cruel ? 
  maybe if you 're willing to wait out a long game . 
  they forgot `` i feel the colour in my cheeks rising again . 
  i must be the colour of the communist manifesto . 
  '' -50 shades of grey el james . 
  truley a master of her craft . 
  just a bit of extra iron . 
  look at that big big nasdaq closure . 
  the kennedy half century by larry sabato . 
  it focuses on john f.kennedy starting with his upbringing , career and the influence he has had on presidents that have come after him . 
  it also gives an honest critique of his presidency . 
  maybe make a / r/nzshitpost , no need to bother those chaps . 
  how long did it take to create this ? 
  i 'm still laughing . 
  was nicholas sparks the author that got left at the altar ? 
  not anymore . 
  now imagine dragons . 
  is this a prank bruh ? 
  hey i did that this morning . 
  there are toilets in the beginning and end but i think i lot of people do shit themselves . 
  cool south africans are n't doing too badly . 
  gives me hope for my future . 
  ey comrade , now i have to go wait in line for glorious motherland bread . 
  obviously you republican shill . 
  reminds me of that make a burger thing at mcdonald 's which makes me hungry . 
  quick question are n't most of the working class in america conservative anyway ? 
  that he probably bought from a gap . 
  winston peters would probably be the closest . 
  i want this meme to end . 
  do they do they really ? 
  9c has been deposited in your account . 
  but max key does n't have singaporean citizenship and as such is not eligible . 
  shalom ? 
  they do n't seem that bad hopefully it 's just peaceful people like them and not violent assholes . 
  someones been watching too much house of cards . 
  funny thing is none of these people would survive in a socialist system , they 'd all be considered lazy and then sent to the gulags . 
  what was the misleading part ? 
  is that channing tatum in the second pic ? 
  that guy fawkes mask there . 
  its funny because her ex/current boyfriend is a ripped hunk and she 's a mary sue . 
  this is really getting intresting do you think axl 's really out ? 
  so we should go to war ? 
  are they the new che guevara because honestly their just as bad . 
  so if i killed a spy , i now have to hide the body or go to jail ? 
  do n't worry nsa there is no spy . 
  thanks for that . 
  i do n't know why this question popped into my head . 
  neither i was just wondering \u0442\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0449 . 
  why would i ever want to do that ? 
  maybe the dems should make one about sores . 
  except unlike the people who make these , i have a job . 
  yeah just got off night shift mate . 
  both parties do have plutocrats but it gets really annoying on this site with the anti-koch / pro-sanders circle-jerk . 
  your right i am from new zealand . 
  hush man stop breaking the circle jerk . 
  got ta be careful of those things , you know my aunt was killed by one . 
  $ 35 billion dollars a year does n't seem that much . 
  rt do n't you think their may be a bias towards russian women ? 
  ( although i completely agree russian women are the most attractive . ), 
  it gets posted here every other day . 
  dude you buy an expensive bicycle because they last longer so you save more money in the long run . 
  man krugmans lost a lot of weight . 
  as a south african what the fuck sweden ? 
  no but time inc is . 
  i 'm brave but i 'm not an idiot . 
  no but i was a member of die vraag . 
  is this legal ? 
  thanks do you know of any documentary that can explain the populist raise in america at the moment ? 
  kasich or webb for vp !, 
  can you bend over and touch your toes ? 
  have they won the state of denial yet ? 
  yes and not in the fun sexual way . 
  do n't forget about the great wall of trump . 
  * cough * cult * cough, 
  hemingway the sun also rises its a fantastic read and a yuge success . 
  why do the democrats have so many more delegates then the republicans ? 
  ah man it does n't even mention the hacker 4chan . 
  gee i must be the smartest person here !, 
  i have no friends . 
  wow draw me next please . 
  hahahahahah good thing i only do heroin . 
  do you have the trump mod ? 
  no its paraphrased quote from herman caine .
