  skyrim belongs to the nords !, 
  who is the girl , she 's a qt .314, 
  maybe a decade i mean look at trust in the media its been falling for years soon no one will trust them . 
  which will just mean the end of the new york times !, 
  well if you pre-order south park fractured but whole gold edition you get a ** discount and some cool in game stuff !, 
  n. . no i am not i am a real human bean !, 
  i dont know hey milton friedman always seemed alot more practical ( for lack of a better word ) then some of the other libertarian economists e.g. . . his ideas on negative income tax . 
  the restaurants name albert einstein !, 
  he is also related to the queen of england . 
  the problem is not investment per se its audience numbers , look at fifas mens and women 's audience numbers . 
  the mens had a ridiculously huge audience while you would struggle to find someone who watched the females . 
   amy schumer also joked she would learn spanish and leave the country if donald trump is elected us president . 
  gee way to rally the votes ... for trump, 
  but lincoln wanted to ship all slaves back to africa ? 
  in the new series is alot closer to the original myths . 
  the amazons sail finding and mating with male sailors . 
  plus side the male sailors receive a night of godly passion , however they are all slaughtered afterwards . 
  why are ex muslim girls all such qts ? 
  was n't she dating superman in the recent comics , where did that go by the way ? 
  call darpa , get it funded . 
  i want my tax dollars working !, 
  but i am !, 
  i hope not i use it to follow people like nassim taleb and dave mustaine . 
  it was also used to help the arab spring . 
  maybe its just who you follow . 
  this may be the wrong place to ask but how much money do you actually make from a book sale . 
  out of curiosity . 
  not a megadeth fan ? 
  i would n't really say he is an asshole on purpose . 
  the guy was abused as a child . 
  he 's also become a lot better recently . 
  excuse me facts are a weapon of the patriarchy used to suppress womyn . 
  so all / pol / really wants to do is get laid by someone jewish ? 
  that 's not really shilling through as he asked for names . 
  shilling would be when i mention that randomly in a conversation that south park fractured but whole gold edition is now available on steam for $ 120 ( new zealand ) . 
  ( unsolicited opinions on israel ?? ), 
  does this seem like a soft form of fascism to anyone ? 
   tech personalities, 
  thats a really strong word for nobodies on the internet , who will most likely not accomplish much . 
  it ebbs and flows , they will post a profit of say $ 7 million one quarter and then a loss of $ 50-100 million the next . 
  a lot of the money they get from investors . 
  to be fair the real reason investors are worrying about twitter is that its user base has stopped growing and has even shrunk a little . 
  no tech investor likes stagnation because they dont make their profits on a losing gamble . 
  twitter 's success however is largely based on its own merits and as such its failures will probably be its own doing . 
  i wonder if this has anything to do with the fact that she has started gaining a few pounds . 
  you can trust me anon . 
  i see what you did there . 
  well the sun is the biggest paper in the uk . 
  how will they know if its actual discrimination or just a coincidence ? 
  seems we now know the reason for [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/kotakuinaction/comments/5aq1lk/new_york_times_reports_957_percent_fall_in/ ), 
  really can you please explain why , you like springsteen . 
  how progressive . 
  are you from new jersey ? 
  talking from experience , or just observing ? 
  this was a poll done by survey monkey . 
  check the actual exit poll and look at the youngest demographic . 
  are your parents upper middle class ? 
  i think it can be used correctly , but not if its your entire platform e.g. 
  thatcher 's quote about the kitchen and the budget . 
  is n't she british , or am i thinking of madonna ? 
  no i would n't worry about that . 
  they do it every presidential election . 
  the reason being new administration = uncertainty and the stock markets hate that . 
  do n't you mean god emperor trump ? 
  europe 's model of defence is letting america ( and to some extant britain , only other country that meets the nato requirements ) pay for everything . 
  well that gravy train has ended . 
  funny is n't [ it ] ( http://www.channel4.com/media/images/channel4/c4-news/2014/may/27/27_faragebeer_g_w.jpg ), 
  do n't forget about the looming pensions . 
  is n't he the coach who 's team had a similar story to clintons ? 
  i will have you know bush signed in tax credits to help the green sector in 2005 . 
  does buzzfeed make money or is this on of those twitter things ? 
  does it have a feminine benis ? 
  wtf i love russia now . 
  you think t-rex will quite halfway thorough or do it for 8 years ? 
  what happens to his plane now through does it go into storage or something ? 
  first it was n't that reagan or trump where celebrities that got them elected , it was their ideas that got them showered with adoration from their supporters . 
  never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity, 
  could be a misprint on the case , contact nintendo and let them know . 
  they would give you an explanation for it . 
  edit : grammar, 
  edit : you really seem to like no man 's sky , is it good ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't know what a vagina looks like on account of living in my mom 's basement . 
  not an argument !, 
  is that ants in my pants fan theory ? 
  me myself i prefer chicken mesh as it is able to disrupt radio waves unlike tinfoil . 
  depends what you centralize.production of games and news sure , as it becomes a race to the bottom for cost . 
  other things through may actually be better centralised like insurance or some government decisions about infrastructure or foreign policy . 
  really i prefer mixed leaning towards decentralized . 
  wikileaks , dailybeast , zerohedge and breitbart for a start . 
  i never really got what was wrong with that scene , can you explain to me why it was bad ? 
  everyone just laughs when i ask . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  their probably does not smoke because he wants to live forever , he did however produce the movie thank you for smoking . 
  there was no editing comrade unless you want to edited . 
  what if trigger warnings are my trigger ? 
  would you recommend someone watch it in cinemas , rent it or just never touch it ? 
  i agree with this guy we should use their own tactics against them . 
  rules for radicals i guess . 
  is it safe to assume you do n't work in academia ? 
  is that the trump one ?
