  it really should have been momaga ( mobile organism making america great agian . ), 
  weird i thought it was pizza hut is this a case of the bernstein ? 
  i do n't know what it is but whenever i hear the word thinking mans anything i ca n't help but chuckle . 
  i have to agree with the 54 % who say video games are better value for money then the others . 
  this should be against some kind of regulation right ? 
  feels bad man, 
  what about trump umpa lumpas ? 
  make candy great again !, 
  no she said that ayann hirsi ali does not deserve her vagina . 
  ayaan is a victim of fgm and fleed with her father to the netherlands . 
  she also supported geert wilders . 
  edit : grammer, 
  economic axis : market, 
  diplomatic axis : hawkish, 
  civil axis : liberal, 
  societal axis : neutral, 
  closest match : neo-liberalism, 
  they were somewhat poorly worded , but close enough, 
  oh boy you should not check out his recent video . 
  really like the anti vac left ? 
  or anti nuclear power environmentalist ? 
  face it when it comes to science no side can pretend to be scientifically literate . 
  at least most republicans do n't pretend to be, 
  had netflix for a while but i cancelled it after i realized there is nothing to watch in there that justifies its price . 
  i think he is talking about carla fiorina . 
  hey stan is n't that tom cruise ? 
  well just like thatcher did n't count this one might not either . 
  could you enlighten me to what you mean by that please ? 
  here is a list of 30 shitty tumble gifs why !, 
  does anyone know people who actually watch this show ? 
  south park fractured but whole and cd projects cyberpunk 2077 . 
  these are the ones i want to know more about . 
  yeah but that 's their strategy just swarm people , but everyone with a brain has wised up to it . 
  now the political factions travel in packs . 
  is it january again ? 
   it 's probably one of the only ways we can monitor them, 
  well you just answered your own question . 
  it seems that theil prefers to do the dicking, 
  i kinda wan na know what the game is please tell me . 
  thanks seems interesting from the description , so i will give it a swing . 
  is it weird that i find the censored ariana more attractive ? 
  no the attacks were coming from both sides , or are you forgetting hillary clinton and the fact that the hearings were lead by two dems ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  are n't those places laying off people as well ? 
  she 's rockin her peers , putting suckers in fear, 
  good . 
  why do n't they ever start with themselves ? 
  a quick bullet to the temple would do . 
  kiwi attitudes or foreign ones ? 
  do you want my bank details ? 
  it probably helps that a lot of the editorial staff are conservative , so it balances some of the biases of their journalists . 
  although pp thing was still a massive fuck up . 
  are you argentinean ? 
  of course he does this is the great socialist utopia of / r/nz , people who oppose these intellectual giants fall into three categories , greedy assholes , out of touch people and complete idiots . 
  hahaha there are new zealand men who actually believe this . 
  great rebuttal mate , showing that awful right winger the error of his ways . 
  no why ? 
  are the men just as unattractive ? 
  golly have i been laughing at this for a year ? 
  well i hope it give 's me many more years of laughter . 
  zelda in botw . 
  yet again leaves and tax credits are behind my unhappiness . 
  property is a terrible investment for most people anyway , it gets outperformed by stocks and government bonds in the long run . 
  the documentary which ignores important information about the case ? 
  you could but you 'd be fucked in a downturn . 
  do concrete houses need insulation ? 
  err no ? 
  try miss alice a local . 
  somalia is a failed communist state there friends . 
  no it is a good example of a war torn hellhole . 
  yes ? 
  yeah bioware games are becoming more and more mmoish , just look at da :o vs da : i there is a clear direction and not for the better . 
  now mmos are n't all bad but 70 hours with boring characters is . 
  also do n't forget that he even admitted on the joe rogan show that before this he was a sjw . 
  so yeah no sympathy from me . 
  your lucky i forced myself to play 80 hours of it . 
  mainly hope to be honest , it gets to a point where things seem like their about to get interesting and then nothing . 
  refer to comment above . 
  should be , i make $ 18 an hour and after most expenses i can save about $ 200 a week . 
  keep in mind i pay $ 250 rent to my parents . 
  so you might not save as much or enjoy the quality of life i am ( eat out on fridays or saturdays . 
  well it includes water , electricity , food , washing and anything i really need within reason . 
  looks kinda shit actually . 
  i would n't say their to the left of bernie . 
  they instead have a more nationalistic libertarianism mixed with classical liberalism in regards to infrastructure . 
  tell me have you ever heard of the dunning kruger effect ? 
  hey do n't bash master chief australia , it 's my mom 's favorite show . 
  with what army ? 
  the only people there with guns live in the future state of jefferson and their more loyal to the us then california . 
  the problem with that is that these types of people do n't because you need a job to be able to pay taxes . 
  the problem with that is that these types of people do n't because you need a job to be able to pay taxes . 
  i think in trumps case its the first president to acknowledge it , clinton and jefferson have had interracial relationships according to some sources . 
  no its a reference to warhammer . 
  yes but in warhammer the god emperor is revered and worshipped . 
  do you even 40k bro ? 
  the nsa is not spying on americans, 
  is n't it on private property ? 
  so there is no way she can legally remove it ? 
  i mean sure if you can get people like dave rubin and acg on there . 
  also maybe name it medici after the italian banker family .
