  he 's not even in the race . 
  i would n't call them insane , their really just reacting to a changing world the majority of them feel has left them behind . 
  could you perhaps tell us what you dont understand and where you got lost ? 
  yes i would , i mod civilizations . 
  well i think its time to say welcome to our new corporate overlords and hope they are benevolent . 
   thomas friedman, 
  could you collaborate on that for me please . 
  haha you thought greenpeace was founded in ** canada ** when they where actually founded in * canada * . 
  finally i no longer seem crazy . 
  i really want to play it but i cant find it anywhere . 
  is n't uber for food basically just a takeout service ? 
  triggered !, 
  my mom 4 weeks ago . 
  would n't the bank then just keep inflation levels at negative or close to zero ? 
  richguyssneakers ^ tm, 
  for you, 
  some academic luminaries , most prominent among them gary becker , robert barro , and the late milton friedman , have advanced the notion that the best way to beat back the federal leviathan is to curtail the amount of revenue the government collects by cutting taxes . 
  this strategy is known to its afficionadoes , and many of its enemies , as `` starving the best . '' the creature crash diet was at least some of the animating spirit behind the series of tax cuts enacted by the bush administration in the early part of the decade . 
  the fact that government spending has grown at practically bacterial rates since then has done more than a little to discredit the idea among moderate conservatives . 
  but that could be an anomaly , caused by some odd political circumstances or the war on terror . 
  now a new working paper by the husband and wife team of david and christina romer , both of the university of california-berkeley , tests the becker and barro premises with a fresh look at the data , and discovers that the beast continues to eat quite well in the wake of tax cuts . 
  in this careful ( and data-packed ) study , the romers take a look at federal tax and budget trends since 1947 . 
  in doing so they noticed that not all tax changes or spending hikes were good candidates for a strong statistical test of the starve-the-beast premise . 
  some tax increases over this period -- like the creation of the federal fuel tax to pay for the interstate highway system -- were positively correlated to increases in spending . 
  in this sort of case , the tax changes are driven by the spending decisions , not vice versa . 
  in fact , keeping them in the analysis skews the results . 
  so , argue the romers , these sorts of tax actions need to be tossed out of the dataset to give the starve-the-beast theory the best chance of success . 
  yet , even after doing this and adding a lag-effect variable , the romers found no statistically significant drop in total government spending after taxes were cut . 
  in fact , what they found instead was a slight ( but statistically insignificant ) rise in spending relative to the trend . 
  this is just one of a few major insights in a study that the authors admit is merely a first and perhaps imprecise step in testing the hypothesis . 
  but the general results seem to depict statistically what many budget wonks in washington have reported anecdotally for decades : over time , spending decisions of the appropriations committee are usually unrelated to the tax decisions of the ways and means committee . 
  why might this be so ? 
  the study does n't answer that question . 
  my preferred answer is the obvious one : politicians like to give goodies to their constituents ; and deficit spending gives them the ability to send to the bill for this largesse to future generations , who do n't get to vote . 
  this is a crackerjack recipe for just the sort of entitlements crisis that america ( and the rest of the developed world ) will face over the next few decades . 
  the percentage of america 's federal budget devoted to entitlement spending , mainly social security and medicare . 
  this has grown from around 30 % in 1970 to about 55 % today . 
  this spending is mandated , which is to say it grows by a set of rules rather than the will of congress ( though of course , if congress had sufficient will , it could change the rules and cut back the spending . ), 
  as the number of old people , and medical treatments , in america grows , so does the spending . 
  even if ways and means were working hand-in-glove with appropriations , the starve-the-beast tactic simply could n't overcome a budge shift of that magnitude . 
  and it is only going to get worse with the impending retirement of the baby boomers . 
  the present value of the system 's unfunded liabilities -- i.e. , the benefits promised to all retirees above and beyond the revenue stream put in place to finance them -- is currently in excess of $ 29 trillion for the next 75 years . 
  it 's hard to work up much political interest in cutting back spending when the taxpayers who will foot the bill have n't even been born yet . 
  to put it as a friend of mine and fellow skeptic of the starve-the-beast philosophy once did , there is one main problem with the starve-the-beast strategy : once the beast runs out of food it can always start eating the villagers . 
  fascinating but why are there so many blacks in the south ? 
  if your talking about the statue of liberty you should know it was built in france sent to america as a gift . 
  did n't chile 's poverty rate fall from 50 % to the 11 % it is today ? 
  are n't comic book ales down through ? 
  i always thought someone did it for him , being the governor-general and all . 
  wow hes actually right . 
  they know uber bleeds like a billion dollars a year right ? 
  so they 've effectively cut off half their market from the get go and will be competing against uber and lyft . 
  this will never get off the ground . 
  still a billion dollars a year needed for an already crowded market . 
  i dont think anyone will be dumb enough to fund it . 
  betas cant use it through . 
  only strong womyn can . 
  hahaha . 
  this was cool any other documentarys like this ? 
  is she real or is this a meme like code/rag ? 
  yes they update it every week, 
  influx of new people and bots . 
  satanist with libertarian tendencies ? 
  post tits . 
  dinesh please . 
  whats actually going to happen is the chance is going to pop up and dinesh is not going to take it furthering the friendship between him and gilfoye . 
  at this rate we will only be reading these tweets from whites only fountains . 
  not who i was expecting to be the editor of breitbart . 
  whats your dtof ? 
  its both philosophy and politics , the alt right refers right-wing ideology 's that are n't mainstream such as libertarianism , neoreactionarys , fascism , state capitalism , native populism and even jacobians and more . 
  one of their so called champions is trump along with putin , assad an farage . 
  they think that liberalism ( american liberalism ) and left wing ideology are rampant across the developed world and will lead to its downfall . 
  they also think that during the enlightenment a piece of knowledge was lost and that they have rediscovered it . 
  although dark enlightenment is mainly used my monarchists and jacobins . 
  yes neoreactionarys are . 
  you 'll save me through r-right ... senpai ? 
  its almost as if quotas dont work and the only way to get the best is some sort of merit based system . 
  sorry gramps this is n't the 80s . 
  so would that be the attic ? 
  i too had high hopes for the fable series . 
  finally my username is useful . 
  why is there a photo of owen jones ? 
   jewish greek, 
   white, 
  nice try tom . 
  this is why i hate the government . 
  its mtf athlete right ? 
  this leaves me with a questions like why would you take aspirin daily ? 
  anyone else a ray donovan fan here ? 
  i disagree a bit there i pay for the wall street journal and financial times because alot of the times these papers have content that make it worthwhile to pay the superscription . 
  but most papers ar n't the journal or times so yeah, 
  this is n't breitbart , you lied to me !, 
  new malcolm gladwell book ? 
  of course its banned , do n't you know uncovered women are haram . 
  its both philosophy and politics , the alt right refers right-wing ideology 's that are n't mainstream such as libertarianism , neoreactionarys , fascism , state capitalism , native populism and even jacobians and more . 
  one of their so called champions is trump along with putin , assad an farage . 
  they think that liberalism ( american liberalism along with multiculturalism ) and left wing ideology are rampant across the developed world and will lead to its downfall . 
  they also think that during the enlightenment a piece of knowledge was lost and that they have rediscovered it . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted ? 
  how many views do you think wired gets a month ?
