  how do i `` hate '' turkey ? 
  because i said that most of turkey is n't in europe ? 
  btw this country still occupies half of cyprus and still oppresses the kurds, 
  that 's kinda true , many turks have bosnian and bulgarian descent , generally slavic, 
  the continent goes as far as the kaspian sea . 
  [ kinda ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe )  and turkey had a major role in european history . 
  the huns and the mongols as well . 
   turkey and posts about turkey belong in this subreddit if you want it or not . 
  * the european part of turkey, 
  i guess because of the german elections, 
  another turkish post irrelevant to europe, 
  that was one of the most important battles of european history, 
  as with most countries , young people in greece are more open minded than elders and less religious as well , i was n't surprised at all, 
  are n't there problems between albanians and fyromians in fyrom though ? 
  you can consider yourself whatever you want , but we both know what the average greek thinks . 
  btw it 's not about a superiority complex , it 's the reality . 
  you ca n't put a whole nation in a group they do n't feel they belong to . 
  it depends whether they want to join , true . 
  i believe they want, 
  most people consider us southern european . 
  and i do n't think we 're similar with serbs or bulgarians lol they 're hardcore balkanites . 
  i have n't been to spain or portugal but i consider them culturally similar to us, 
  we are southern european . 
  not western nor eastern . 
  the albanian parts should join albania now i do n't really care if they are some serbo-bulgarians who think that they are descendants of the makedones . 
  they are a part of the macedonian region and that 's it . 
  they 're slavomacedonians . 
  it will be very hard to make them join bulgaria since they consider themselves `` macedonians '' . 
  greece is not an eastern european country, 
  spain and greece recognize kosovo passports , how 's that working for you , mr butthurt ? 
  also greece does n't recognize kosovo because of the problem with the illegal turkish occupation of cyprus . 
  so i made a typo : started * instead of start, 
  tourism . 
  tbh we 're experienced in facing difficult situations, 
  reminds me of those greek russophiles . . they love putin and russia for some reason but they want greece in the eu at the same time , weird stuff, 
  did you just seriously circle the muslim parts ? 
  also , speak for yourself , we like all of it . 
   you are really convinced that what happened in the balkans from 1990 was all due to karad\u017ei\u0107 i did n't say that , i told you what he proposed to samaras ( ca n't remember his political status at the time ) . 
  he proposed that macedonia be divided between serbia and greece . 
  i think this conversation was published by kathimerini . 
   no one in jugoslavia had something to say agains macedonia when they spilt , because it was the only country where the population really wanted it the only reason no one invaded macedonia was because there was no serbian minority there  who literally tried to seize a part of the country to annex it to kosovo . 
  the insurgency happened because the albanians of macedonia were treated badly and were forbidden to use the albanian flag . 
  i did n't say that they were bulgarians or whatever , i do n't care . 
  maybe they were bulgarians , who knows . 
  the slavic people of northern greece called themselves ` bulgarians ' though and after the greek civil war many fled to yugoslavia and became ` macedonians ' . 
  anyway that macedonian identity was present many years before probably, 
   yeah , let 's give more fuel to albanian nationalism , that should be great for the balkans . 
  macedonia has a big number of native albanians though , they should break off of that country imo and join albania . 
  that will end ethnic tensions . 
  you serbs are the reason for the creation of that country anyway . 
  you took it from the bulgarians and brainwashed them . 
  after they left yugoslavia that piece of shit karadzic came to greece and proposed to samaras to partition macedonia . 
  that was your goal , a satellite country that you can do whatever you want in case they break away from your goals . 
  of course samaras ignored that genocidal maniac . 
  southern europe stronk, 
  greeks do n't consider themselves similar with them though , that does n't make the greek people nationalist as a whole . 
   thats wrong too . 
  roman empire . 
  the end . 
  nope , there was a reason that the roman empire was divided in two . 
  the byzantine empire was referred to as the eastern roman empire , regardless if the byzantines referred to their empire as just roman . 
  western europeans called them greeks too and that is actually well known among people who study about that era, 
   you are just proving my point  we 're not similar with the finnish either . 
  saying something like that makes me a nationalist huh ? 
  dude . .  i was going to yell at you by saying `` do n't call roman empire that '' ok i 'm going to call them the eastern roman empire  bunch of 19th century cunts who did n't understand ( and did n't want to ) roman empire had a very long life . 
  it had a very long life , but ended in 1453, 
   our conversation in here and your `` nationalism is a disease '' schtick too shows your nationalistic lookout . 
  oh , how simillar you guys are to turks . 
  i 'm not a nationalist just because i defend greek history with you on reddit . 
  and no , we 're not similar with them  nothing =  byzantine empire *, 
   and greeks killed just as much whataboutism . 
  i 'm not justifying what greeks did , but the difference is that greeks targeted invaders while turks targeted people who were native in anatolia . 
  did you expect the greeks to escort the turks with safety back to turkey ? 
  things like that happen in revolutions . 
   i did point at one historian who defends your claim because it is important to show the other side . 
  you really think that he belongs in a minority though ? 
   as i said no modern historian would say greece is the successor of the roman empire eastern roman empire/byzantine empire *  i doubt the first part . 
  give me 3 reasons that you think i 'm a nationalist . 
  nationalism is a disease  seriously romanticism of the past like this is sooo 19th century . 
  how am i being `` romantic over the past '' ? 
  do your own research and stop being a troll . 
  historians associate the byzantine empire with greece i actually hate nationalism but i know my country 's history . 
  you were the same person who said that ottoman rule was better than venetian for greece . 
  greeks despised ottoman rule and that 's another fact you should do a research on because it seems you do n't know much, 
   this is a complete bullshit . 
  modern greek state has nothing ( well maybe a * little * more ) to do with the roman empire apart from what * everyone * have . 
  it is part of their history just like other cultures in that region . 
  if there 's one people that are successors of the byzantine empire , that 's the greeks and historians will agree to it . 
  as you already know , they spoke greek and the last emperors were greek so that 's it . 
  the last byzantine emperors were greeks though , but truth be told i do n't think the empire was ever a solely greek thing during it 's peak years except that they spoke greek, 
  the patriarchate of constantinople does n't recognize the church of macedonia probably because of the name dispute , so you see that the unity thing is just a joke , they recognize whoever they want due to their interests, 
  i know you 're joking , thing is , orthodoxy has some differences with catholicism for example . 
  the church of croatia and of poland have no differences and both are considered the same . 
  orthodoxy on the other hand is more complicated , the church of serbia is different than the church of bulgaria or the church of romania . 
  they both adhere to constantinople but it 's a very complicated situation since the church of serbia covers all of former yugoslavia but the church of bulgaria covers only bulgaria , the church of romania covers only romania etc, 
  why would the orthodox in you be angry ? 
  do you have any rights on constantinople and we do n't know it yet ? 
  yes , eastern europe was full of germans pre-ww2 . 
  is n't the president of romania of fully german descent ? 
  they did n't die , the turks killed them .
