  the rest you said do n't really matter . 
  there were similar situations all over europe . 
   ( it should be noted that the idea of a crusade was foreign to the byzantines ) then why was it called by a byzantine emperor ? 
   the emperor refused to take command and did not help the crusaders . 
  afaik that happened only in one battle . 
   that 's a false analogy cause byzantium was not a colonial empire and the asian subjects of the emperor were as much roman as the european ones . 
  it does n't matter if it was a colonial empire or not . 
  it was a european empire that managed to rule non-european lands , just like the british , french and spanish empires . 
   scroll up . 
  your source does n't mean that the byzantines did n't cooperate with catholic kingdoms when it came to military cooperation . 
   the non-european lands were 6-7 times bigger and more populous than the european ones which were very quickly reduced to coastal parts of greece and the aegean . 
   so it 's fair to say that it was an asian empire that happened to control the aegean sea for the sake of constantinople 's trade routes . 
  your logic makes the british , french and spanish empires non-european . 
   byzantine sources say otherwise . 
  what do byzantines sources say ? 
   byzantium in the 8th century included little more than constantinople and thessalonica . 
  the byzantine empire was a european empire that happened to rule non-european lands too ( anatolia mostly ) . 
  why ? 
  i simply corrected the dude . 
  they were as european as you can get , from language to culture . 
   they always had hostile relations with catholic europe not always , the byzantines cooperated many times with the venetians and the genoese and also the first crusade was an idea of a byzantine emperor . 
  besides , catholic europe was always at war with each other . 
  ` most of greece ? ', 
  no , and his `` rule '' of greece lasted for 23 years . 
   yes . 
  no we do n't . 
   not only that . 
  what else ? 
   thats on your shame . 
  shame ? 
  there will be no war nor insurgencies . 
  at least that 's the case in greece . 
  then tell me what do you think will happen . 
   same reason serbian , fyrom and mne parts are there ... albanian minority . 
  there is no big albanian minority in greece , there are some thousand people in the northern part . 
  albanians in greece are an immigrant minority . 
  during ww2 , the cham albanians of northern greece collaborated with nazi forces and when the nazis retreated from greece most albanian chams fled to albania . 
   it 's not just serbia who should be worried , they also want parts of mne , greece and fyrom . 
  i do n't take that irredentist thing serious . 
  it 's not going to happen , besides , i never really understood why there are parts of greece in albanian irredentist maps . 
  but that 's not the official policy of the albanian government , as denying srebrenica is ( hopefully ) not an official policy of the serbian government . 
  they did n't say anything about presevo or bujanovac . 
  this whole thing should be blamed mostly on the country that chechnya is a part of . 
  because i do n't think that country respects homosexuals either . 
   i claim that because rama and thaci , leaders of their governments made the claim source ? 
   he replicated the stance that it was a crime against humanity , a massacre , but he does n't agree that it fits the definition of genocide . 
  there 's a big difference between the terms massacre , crime , and genocide . 
  do n't you claim in your comment that this albanian 's mayors words are a stance of the albanian government ? 
  was n't there an article a week before about the serbian major of srebrenica who denied the genocide that took place there ? 
  what do you have to say about that ? 
  is that the official policy of the serbian government ? 
  and when was the eu minding turkey 's business ? 
   with a comment . 
  care to link that comment ? 
   its not one guy tho , thats the whole point . 
  how many ? 
   since you are obviously very hateful toward me and my kin . 
  you keep saying stupid things and victimizing yourself . 
  i 'm not hateful towards anyone . 
  besides , how can i hate a whole country and millions of people ? 
  just because you do n't agree with my opinions does n't mean that you have to be so petty . 
  how did i ` attack ' you on the nato thread ? 
  i know who sent you the message . 
  do n't worry , this guy has got a lot of his comments removed from this sub so you know what kind of troll we 're talking about . 
  i 'm interested in seeing what he told you though . 
   yes , the same users being muslim nationalists and albanians . 
  keep telling that to yourself . 
   you dont see them , but my inbox does , they just gave up on arguing with you , warned me to do the same , but eh , its fun to debate things with contrists . 
  it 's time to admit that you 're another throwaway account of stuffscrazy . 
  you said the same thing to me with that account and your comments are identical to his . 
  a nationalist sent you an inbox and you make such a deal of it ? 
  i never ` raised tensions ' between greece and another country . 
  i have n't said something offensive to serbia on this sub , only my opinions on some matters and it 's usually you along with some other serbian users that get offended , meanwhile there are tons of people on this sub who say the same things . 
  i 've never seen greeks agree with you . 
  i understand that you 're a troll who does n't care but there will be serbs who will be annoyed . 
  would you like it if greeks started mixing serbs in their internal affairs ? 
  just do n't mention greece and greeks in your irredentist premises . 
   maybe because greece has an unsustainable debt that 's true . 
   25 % unemployment spain is facing similar problems . 
   there is no solution any time soon ? 
  is there any solution to the economic situation in the baltics and romania ? 
  the point is that , besides the unsustainable debt which i blame some banks for , the rest are caused by the greeks themselves . 
   like ~ ~ europe ~ ~ eu is 100 % innocent about the stretching of our crisis , man . 
  i never said that . 
   the point is to be able to work in your country . 
  europe is not a federation . 
  i want to work in my country , i ca n't , but you tell me now that i should be happy that i ca n't , because there are other places i can go . 
  there will probably be negative consequences when your country is experiencing an economic crisis . 
  an economic crisis caused by your own people btw . 
  greeks brought the crisis on themselves , they have their own country to be pessimistic about . 
  how can greeks be more pessimistic than the baltics and romania ? 
  besides , there are greeks who go to work in other eu countries when they have difficulties in greece . 
  no , i do n't find it impossible but greece 's percentage is ridiculous, 
  is it weird to say that bulgarians are related to the ancient thracians ? 
  probably greeks confused the question with ` what do you think about the future of greece ', 
  you mean a serbian person . 
  it was n't a bait . 
  you keep talking nonsense . 
  he 's not claiming ` purity of blood ' . 
  he clearly told you that the romanized locals of bulgaria mixed with slavs .
