  oh , so you have a problem with wikipedia now ? 
  crete was under 464 years under the venetians , experienced the renaissance , and also two of greece 's most known poets rose during that era . 
  as i told you before , it was n't only the cretans who sided with the venetians against the ottomans , it was the maniots and the moreans as well . 
   and honestly , do you have any sources that greeks wanted to remain occupied by the turks ? 
  do n't take his claims serious . 
  he 's on every thread about the ottomans like : `` the ottoman empire was a great , great empire . 
  it 's true . '', 
  look up on the venetian-ottoman wars or the siege of crete . 
  the greeks did everything they could so that they could not be conquered from the ottomans . 
  the point is that the greek-speaking cypriots preferred the brits rather than the ottomans . 
  also , those who wanted union with the ottomans were the turkish cypriots . 
   they looked at it like a port nothing more nothing less . 
  source ? 
  first you claim that they supposedly preferred the ottomans from the brits , you were false , and now you claim that they looked british rule on the island `` like a port , nothing more nothing less '' . 
   crete is different from the mainland . 
  so is cyprus . 
  also crete is closer to mainland greece than cyprus , cyprus being in the levant . 
  again , i ca n't understand why are you bringing up an irrelevant region , this time being cyprus . 
  and what example do we have ? 
  the brits were obviously preferred than the ottomans , look up the revolt in syria . 
  the knowledge i have from the morean war is that the locals sided with the venetians . 
   bringing up india in a thread about the ottoman empire btw i 'm pretty sure that the greeks of the time would prefer the brits . 
  an example is that after the ottomans occupied crete , a venetian general rallied the locals to co-operate into bringing crete back to venetian control . 
  for how long did these empires last ? 
  serbian rule of greece lasted for 25 years , bulgarian rule for 23 years . 
   i think you know very well what i mean . 
  i do n't , can you elaborate ? 
  i know this , next time before making an assumption out of nowhere , ask . 
   i 'm sorry that you do n't want to be associated with us what ? 
  you 're making it seem that i do n't like turks , but i actually have no problem with you . 
   but it 's pretty much common consensus that turks and greeks share their bloodline to a great extent . 
  common to who ? 
  to you ? 
  dude , you do n't make sense . 
  i told you , i 'm not denying that there are greeks of anatolian descent , but you 're being a troll now with the stuff you 're saying . 
   ottoman empire takes over modern day greece -  turks settle to those lands -  after hundreds of years , the populations slowly interbreed -  modern day greek barely distinguishable from a modern day turk . 
  i sent you a source that proved that intermarriage was prohibited in the ottoman empire and you continue the trolling . 
  also , seriously , how many turks do you think that were settled in greece ? 
  you make it sound like it was tens of millions . 
  you seem obsessed with greeks . 
  you really seem desperate to prove that you have anything to do with greeks , and i ca n't understand the reason for it . 
  send me a source that proves whatever you want to prove whatsoever, 
   add to the fact that i have friends in izmir ( where im from ) who have greek relatives . 
  so what ? 
  are their relatives descendants of the ottoman empire ? 
  i ca n't understand that point you made . 
   i 'm talking about all the turks that settled in greece during the ottoman era . 
  we talked about that earlier , what are you trying to say ? 
  okay then , the `` kind '' of greeks that i 'm talking about are the pontian greeks . 
  no , i do n't understand where you 're going , i was n't remotely talking about `` real greeks '' , you brought this irrelevant thing up , and now you 're asking me about what definition of ` greek ' am i using , as if there are like 100 definitions, 
  coming to conclusions for whole nations by y-chromosome is not how it works, 
  did i even talk about `` real greeks '' or something ? 
   i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but what 's your source on this ? 
  [ from wikipedia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/women_in_the_ottoman_empire )  muslim men could take non-muslim wives , and his descendents would be considered muslim , but non-muslim men could not marry muslim wives . 
  afaik ottomans of the higher classes could take christian wives , but their children would be raised as muslim  also , you seem to imply that christian and muslim populations did n't mix - regardless of the law you mentioned , it is a fact that there was interbreeding between the two populations all over eastern europe . 
  it 's the reason why many of us have such white features . 
  well , what is certain is that a christian man could not marry a muslim woman , therefore that 's not the definition of ` interbreeding ' . 
  also , the reason that there are turks with white features is because they could be descended from islamized people from countries like bosnia , bulgaria etc  that 's true , but it does n't explain why greece has such low percentages . 
  because greece is a southern european country that has n't experienced the germanic invasions like northern italy or spain . 
   you 're right , but combine the fact that many greeks migrated to modern greece from anatolia and the fact that turks settled in greece hundreds of years ago , and you 're bound to have a pretty mixed population . 
  you 're wrong , population exchange is a completely different thing than intermixing . 
   listing middle-east and balkans as ethnicites when did i do this ? 
   for the most part of history ( past 500 years ) greeks and turks lived together in what is today greece , but also in modern turkey , especially in cities like izmir , istanbul etc. 
  first of all , you generalize the ottoman rule in greece . 
  for example , i come from an island that was 252 years under ottoman occupation , not 500 . 
  btw , `` for the most part of history '' ? 
  what ? 
  also , so what that there were some turkish settlers in greek cities ? 
  ( i 'm obviously not talking about istanbul and smyrna ) . 
  intermarriage between christians and muslims was prohibited in the ottoman empire . 
   you 'll be surprised to know that greeks have lower percentages of blue eyes/light hair in their population than turks do ( i 'll post my source if you do n't believe me ) . 
  that stems from the fact that modern greeks are ethnically anatolian to a great extent , just like the turks are . 
  that probably stems from the fact that turks have assimilated slavic peoples in their ethnos ( especially from bosnia and bulgaria ) . 
  i 'm not denying that there are greeks of anatolian descent , they 're the ancestors of the refugees from the population exchange , but do n't overplay that , greeks are not an anatolian people for the most part . 
   you have to remember that greeks were n't the only inhabitants of modern greece and modern greece is n't the only country greeks inhabited . 
  i understand the first point , but at no time in history did anyone came and replaced/exterminate the people of greece . 
  i do n't understand your second point though, 
  cite a source on what exactly ? 
  my point is that the people who were transferred to greece from turkey via the population exchange identified as ` romioi ' and not greeks . 
  this comment of yours is the definition of `` let me try to change history in order to appear `` smart '' on reddit '' i 'm not denying that there greeks out there who are descended from other ethnicities , like the arvanites or the anatolians but trying to compare that to turkey is laughable . 
  my main point is that the people who were transferred from turkey to greece during the population exchange identified as ` romioi ' and not as ` greeks ' . 
   trying to say that all these people with millenia of history in the area diasappeared is inaccurate and politically charged . 
  did i even imply that these people disappeared ? 
  also , `` politically charged '' ? 
  care to elaborate on that ? 
  since you know that it was greek , why are you `` asking '' ? 
   what 's your point on them keeping their surnames however they wanted ? 
  i never made a point on this , and i never made a point on them keeping their surnames as they wanted, 
  first of all , you 're such a dumbass that you created this account just to answer to me do you want me to start sending some sources about how the anatolian refugees were treated by greeks when they arrived in greece from the population exchange ? 
  they were called `` turkish seeds '' , but it 's not just that . 
  there were cases when they were lynched and there were also cases when their temporary camps were put to fire . 
  they 're genetically anatolian , not greek . 
  tbh there are some central asian genetics in turks but it 's not a very high percentage . 
   there are many people with turkish sounding surnames . 
  these people are the descendants of the anatolian refugees in greece from the population exchange, 
  yes . 
  why ` even ' ? 
  the pontic greeks are descended from native black sea people who were hellenized from the antiquity . 
  they 're greeks , but they 're descended from a people and a region outside of greece . 
  [ their homeland in orange . ],
