  are you telling me that they were not expelled and ethnically cleansed ? 
  no , but they were still turks and loyal to the ottomans . 
  there were some reasons that they were expelled . 
  your ottomans destroyed greece for 400 years and after we expelled the people that they settled here you blame us for genocide . 
  greece is very unlucky to have turkey so close to it . 
  there were expulsions and killings , but what happened to the turks in greece can not be classified as genocide . 
  oppressing a people for 400 years will have bad consequences when these people get their chance to liberate themselves . 
  what the hell do they teach you in turkish schools ? 
  that greeks genocided you , but what the armenian genocide never happened ? 
   the only reason why the same mess is not existent in the balkans is the states there were very efficient about ethnic cleansing and genocide during the liberation . 
  i do n't care about what happened in the balkans , but no genocide happened in greece . 
  turks were expelled , what did you expect after 400 years of opression ? 
  esy den eisai pou sou aresei h idea tou ellino-tourkismou ? 
  i actually think that cyprus 's fate was sealed the moment that the island fell to the ottomans . 
  that 's true , and i think greece played a wrong card with this one , i mean by pressuring the eu to accept cyprus or else other countries would be blocked . 
  but you have to consider that greece was maybe thinking that the southern part of cyprus would experience another turkish invasion . 
  who knows ? 
  cyprus being in the eu is a reassurance that turkey will stay away from the non occupied parts . 
   why do you care about my flair ? 
  is there a rule for that ? 
  no , but i find it interesting that turks who brigade r/europe do n't have a flair . 
  as if it is that hard to understand where are they from . 
   i do n't give a shit about european commission  i 'm not surprised . 
  turkish attitude towards other turkish crimes is similar , like the armenian genocide , the oppression of kurds etc. 
  greece is still better off than turkey , despite all the economic troubles . 
  btw , are you afraid to wear a flair or something ? 
  why do so many turks here do n't wear a flair ? 
  yes i agree that they are lighter , people from the balkans are lighter than greeks . 
  bulgarians , romanians etc, 
  who would really want to restore byzantium ? 
  greece would become a middle eastern country with middle eastern people as a majority ( turks , kurds , syrians etc ) . 
  the problem is that the occupation in cyprus started years before cyprus became a member of the eu . 
  the eu ca n't really do much . 
   gheg albanians meaning from the north have different features i think more `` westerner '' . 
  ` westerner ' ? 
  maybe you mean extremely balkanic . 
  indeed , calling this area as ` eastern mediterranean ' is wrong . 
  countries in the east mediterranean are egypt , cyprus , syria etc. 
  i can easily tell albanians in greece . 
  if i had to simplify it , i 'd say that on average greeks look mediterranean and albanians look balkan . 
  what 's the difference when in both countries you can get in real trouble if you insult their ` founding fathers ' ? 
  find the differences : [ iran ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/1978_iranian_revolution_-_row_of_men_holding_khomeini%27s_photos.jpg ) [ turkey ] ( http://cache1.asset-cache.net/xr/579549090.jpg?v=1&amp;c=iwsasset&amp;k=3&amp;d=77bfba49ef878921a343b2c87a49d8f5294eac791a083d0bbb491900d3a7a5dcfd723b4845af4574a55a1e4f32ad3138 ) i never understood why they idolize some figures so much in some middle eastern countries . 
  when i said slavic dna i meant the slavic invaders who arrived in the balkans . 
  they came from poland and ukraine , so both of us make a point i guess . 
  slavic people from all over europe assembling to defend some balkan cousin history thieves , lol . 
  and i do n't care at all about that serbian creation fyrom . 
  i like making fun of their attempts to prove that they are the most delusional country in europe . 
  they even invited some prince from afghanistan and called him a descendant of alexander . 
  fyromians went mad when he arrived :d, 
  there are slavic villages in the border with fyrom and there is also a big muslim slavic minority in northern greece , the pomaks . 
  as the other guy told you , the people of slavic ancestry in northern greece can speak slavic too . 
  no one asked you to get yourself involved in that stupid naming dispute . 
  the quality of the map sucks , is it that hard to understand ? 
  i ca n't see anything in that map . 
   and pretty close to the more northern greeks . 
  https://i.imgur.com/qo01sfe.jpg by ` more northern greeks ' you mean the muslim bulgarian minority in greece ( pomaks ) and the slavic villages on the border with fyrom . 
  if so , i agree , bulgarians are close to them . 
   til some left over laws from the uk which were n't in practiced at all until they were abolished for good makes us homophobic ... are you really blaming the uk for this ? 
   ( frankly modern genetic studies show bulgarians are as slavic as the greeks and romanians ) no way that 's true , bulgarians and romanians have considerable slavic dna . 
  i doubt that anyone has a problem with turkish people who just visit the island tbh . 
   edit : by the way , this island is literally just next to turkey . 
  unfortunately , say it 's inhabitants . 
  so i see you have n't answered my question , probably because what you claimed did n't happen . 
  i hope that next time you wo n't spread misinformation such as `` there were several violent pogroms against the latin population of the city and catholic clergy . '', 
   it 's not like the empire was saint in the whole east-west schism . 
  there were several violent pogroms against the latin population of the city and catholic clergy . 
  it did little to earn west 's sympathy . 
  can you name some of the several pogroms against the latin population of constantinople ? 
  i know one , which is the massacre of the latins , it was significant of course . 
  btw , i agree with your previous comments that the byzantine empire had an arrogant attitude towards the catholic kingdoms of europe , and that cost them . 
  i believe that the byzantine empire would have survived longer had the byzantines got over their differences with the catholic kingdoms . 
  as all empires , the byzantines were tolerant to whoever obeyed . 
  no surprise that they were tolerant to the armenians though , a good number of byzantine emperors were of armenian descent . 
   no way that average greek and average inhabitant of bosnia and herzegovina resemble each other at all at physical appearance . 
  that 's true , but that 's not a point since greeks do n't look like balkan people . 
  the whole illyrians thing is complexed . 
  the illyrians were not only present in albania , they were present in croatia and bosnia too . 
  and there is a theory that greeks and romans called most balkan tribes of the time as ` illyrians ' . 
  anyway , the truth is that all balkan people are native to the balkans . 
  claiming that albanians came from the caucasus or that serbs arrived to the balkans in the 7th century is ridiculous . 
  most serbs do n't look slavic , they look balkan , not much different from bulgarians who have a complex ethnogenesis . 
  the serbian and croatian ethnogenesis happened when some slavic tribes invaded the balkans ** and were outnumbered ** by the locals , but still managed to assimilate them into a slavic language since the slavic invaders were stronger than the locals . 
  this , mhp supporters are hateful towards arabs and kurds . 
  they probably think that being hateful to their fellow middle easterners will make them appear more european :d, 
  why ? 
  they are already in their lands . 
  they were always there . 
   as far as i know , he was harassing a weitress as far as you know from serbian media , because the man was just taking a selfie with a waitress and then the cowards attacked him . 
  he was n't harassing anyone . 
  9 serbs and 1 half-greek amongst them afaik , the serbs attacked him because he took a selfie with a serbian waitress . 
  btw we do n't know who delivered the fatal blow yet . 
  what we see in the video is 10-12 people attacking him . 
  it can be found in many countries across europe . 
  also in all over europe . 
  he was killed by serbs . 
   he answers only to his orthodox god . 
  the guy is a retard but c'mon , greeks are not serbs , this orthodox bullshit is n't prevalent here . 
  if srebrenica is n't a genocide , then the pontian geonocide is n't a genocide either . 
   edit : turkish downvoting brigade coming in from r/turkey . 
  indeed , that 's a problem for this sub unfortunately .
