  truth hurts . 
  most people who like serbia here are the kind of people who say things like `` orthodox brothers '' but call fyromians as `` slavic gypsies '' . 
  we 're talking about nationalists , it does n't mean that they go every day to church . 
  from what i , as a greek who is born , raised and live here has understood , the people who like serbia are nationalists and neo-nazis . 
  also you 're delusional if you used to think that 90 % percent of greeks like serbia, 
   and you thought correctly the people who consider serbia as bros here are mostly nationalists like golden dawn and it 's voters and religious fanatics . 
  focus on fixing your relationship with your neighbors and leave greece out of your bullshit , we have more important problems to focus on anyway, 
  many brits fought with us in ww2 , they also heroically defended crete along the locals , australians and kiwis . 
  during the nazi occupation the locals were hiding british ( and allied ) troops in their homes . 
  [ lord byron ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord_byron ) , a british poet , politician and philhellene , is seen as national hero in greece because he abandoned his homeland to fight in the greek war of independence . 
  he developed a fever while defending a greek fortress from the ottomans and died . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the case in countries who had communist rule . 
  it 's not the same in greece, 
  no such thing as liberal turks . 
  the reddit turks are a minority , they pretend to be open minded , liberal etc but they hate arabs and kurds for some reason . 
  anyway , the majority of turks are staunch erdogan supporters and neo-ottomanists . 
  this post is going to be downvoted to hell by turkish redditors, 
  [ rats of athens ] ( http://www.kontranews.gr/sites/default/files/field/image/xrysi-augi-koinovouleutiki-omada-1160x460-1.jpg ), 
   we are , after all , a nation of immigrants . 
  the guy you replied to is a serbian immigrant himself, 
  this guy is such a piece of shit . 
  weirdly enough , he 's christian , gay and an alt-righter at the same time . 
  huge identity crisis, 
   i probably know more greeks than you do , so do n't presume to talk for your nation . 
  poor troll attempt . 
  i was talking about the ottoman times but still , how do you know more greeks than someone born and raised in greece ? 
   blatantly denying reality again . 
  prove it  most greeks in anatolia converted to islam most anatolians converted to islam * when ottomans invaded anatolians many greeks were massacred but also many fled to greece  as if being greek and being muslim is mutually exclusive . 
  i never said that  clearly not since you deny your similarities with your neighbours it 's you who are desperate to prove that you 're similar with a neighbor you 're actually not similar  if we were desperate to look like you we would burn all our money and convert to a shitty version of christianity . 
  i admit , that 's a good one , but not so true since you are in a worst economic and political situation that us . 
  also you imply that catholicism or protestantism are good versions of christianity , while ignoring that some 250.000 ( could be more ) greeks are catholic . 
  anyway that 's something idiots usually say , there are no good versions for religions  and who the fuck else are you `` similar to '' if not the balkans ? 
  portugal , spain , italy ( mostly south italy )  clearly not since you deny your similarities with your neighbours . 
  ** most greeks do n't do this . 
  ** prove it . 
  i 'm simply contesting your weird point of view  you can google all the relevant phenotype pseudoscience crap if you want . 
  you are genetically similar to kurds , iranians etc but you also have a lot of balkan dna ( bosniak/slavic , albanian etc )  even they are much less similar than countries in the ex-ottoman empire are , including turkey and greece . 
  but we 're not similar with you  you still do n't represent some kind of greek hivemind . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a diaspora greek that got bullied for being brown in school and now is on a quest to prove yourself . 
  i 'm born raised in my country and still live here . 
  i look mediterranean , but not brown though . 
  bullying someone because of his color is now rare in western societies btw . 
  you made a joke about diaspora greeks while ignoring that diaspora turks have a very bad reputation, 
   tell me how two neighbours who has lived in the same empire for thousands of years ( yes , we came from anatolians it turns out ) not be connected ? 
  turks were viewed as invaders here you know . 
  there was no cultural exchange , also marriages between muslims and greeks were prohibited . 
   do you think greeks are some kind of nordic mustard race or something ? 
  lol i 've never said that . 
  we are greeks , we know who we are . 
  it 's you turks who are desperate to make yourselves similar to us . 
  funny because greeks do n't view turks and other balkanites as similar to them  as i said , you are similar in appearance to us some anatolian greeks are similar in appearance to you , yes . 
  but not the majority of greeks . 
  is that what they 're teaching you in turkey ? 
   are you that sad that you 're not german or whatever ? 
  i 'm very happy to be greek but i do n't like it when people who are not similar to greeks try to portray themselves similar to us . 
  being neighbors does n't mean much how do you have the courage to say all of these nonsense after all the things you turks did in cyprus ? 
  you still occupy them . 
  after all the things you did to pontics and other people ? 
  your leaders constantly threaten us . 
  anyway , as i said , we do n't view ourselves similar to you, 
   what 's your problem ? 
  we are not closer to kurds than most of our neighbours , kurds are very culturally ( and ethnically ) insular and more indo-iranian than anatolian . 
  anatolian and iranian cultures are very similar , turkey is very culturally close to iran , you are mostly a `` progressive '' version of iran  or are you afraid of shattering your illusion ? 
  have you removed all your mirrors too so you do n't see how much you look like us ? 
  jesus ... why are you turks so desperate to be connected with greece ? 
  why ? 
  were n't 400 years of oppression enough ? 
  lol . 
  please explain to me . 
  are n't you happy with what you are ? 
  we are not similar with you , maybe many refugees who came here during the population exchange were similar to turks , but now they are fully integrated . 
  stop spamming and trying to portray greeks as similar with you . 
  we see no connection with you, 
  no , there 's no need for tension with albania and fyrom , constantinople will be enough , trust me on a serious note , how is the whole debt thing viewed in germany ? 
  your comment makes some sense . 
  if greece takes back constantinople it is definitely going to be able to pay it 's debt :d, 
  that 's no surprise , they did the same thing in cyprus after they ethnically cleansed the local greek speaking cypriots . 
   stop crying . 
  i simply told you what was the case . 
  sources vary you know  the serbian despotate vassal state had to pay obligations to the ottomans , much like the despotate of morea and thus had to fight for them , much like the despotate of morea : morea payed obligations , they did n't fought for them . 
  constantinople *  and let us have our land back and finally have our own republic in pontus . 
   xd do you know how easy it is for me to send you a source that proves that crete was settled by turks ? 
   just like serbs protected their lands from the ottomans . 
  nice . 
  serbs also helped the ottomans take other peoples lands, 
   so to say `` serbs were vassals '' kind of really shows your understanding of history . 
  you were the first to mention that `` serbs were vassals '' , not me . 
   secondly , crete was already 45 % ~ muslim by the time the greek war of independence broke out . 
  crete was an important trade hub for the ottomans , it was settled by a lot of turks after they took it from the venetians . 
   venetian wars where greeks did not participate . 
  why would greeks participate in all of venice 's wars ? 
  they participated in defending their lands from the ottomans, 
  during the fall of the byzantine empire the people who were islamized were definitely christian anatolians , those from the coast escaped to greece ( mostly the islands ) and cyprus . 
  there were also many massacres against greeks , i think i read somewhere that after the fall of constantinople there were no greeks left in the coasts . 
  do n't forget that hundreds of thousands of balkan muslims ( bulgarians , bosnians , albanians ) were settled in the coasts of western turkey, 
   this is just awful article from the west to make us seem evil etc. 
  this must be one of the most serbian things i have ever read . 
  i know , they will be allowed to leave though \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  if greece is to take so much land , turks will unfortunately be the majority . 
  i 'm just ok with constantinople :d kurdistan looks cool though .
