  i did n't call ** you ** a pile of shit , but the things that you were saying  you obviously have n't experienced the turkish culture that does n't change anything, 
   you always comment very aggresively when it comes to this topic i was n't been aggressive , you insulted me first  what the fuck that suppose to mean ? 
  this is becoming a little bit racist ... how old are you now , seriously ? 
  how is this racist ? 
  the fact that greek anatolians have anatolian dna is racist ? 
  wtf  you have n't given me any example of how cultures are similar to italians but not to turks family ties . 
   turks are very similar to italians as well seriously you have an obsession with claiming you 're similar to people you 're not actually are . .  look the fact is they are more than 10 million turks in turkey that descended from turks who used to live in balkans . 
  most of these people are descendent from bosniaks , albanians , bulgarians etc  culture wise we are quite similar turkey is conservative and very religious , greece is at least 5 times least of both . . turkish society and families are very patriarchic , especially in central and eastern turkey  turkey is n't some arabic country as you may seem to believe . 
  i never said that you 're an arabic country . 
   figures as you do n't know what you are talking about just because you do n't agree with me huh ? 
   clearly you do based on your aggressive comments . 
  i did n't insult you , you did . 
  who 's being aggressive ? 
  rome influenced many empires in the world . 
  and how was your religious structure roman ? 
  no historian considered you descendants of the romans . 
  you are very far from that , during the ottoman times the ottomans were considered invaders . 
  it seems that you do n't like your country 's history that much , that 's why you claim to be a successor of the romans, 
   haha ok . you seem veeerry open-minded / s just because i 'm disagreeing with you it does n't mean that i 'm not open minded . 
  your logic is ridiculous  ( arent ' t anatolian greeks are greeks ? 
  wtf ? ), 
  yes but many tend to be genetically kinda similar to turks , because as their name implies , they 're anatolian . 
  they 're fully integrated now obviously . 
   tell me what are similar aspects of you greeks and southern europeans ? 
  first of all similar genetics , mostly with south italians . 
  we even have a saying for italians in greece `` una faccia una razza '' ( one face one race ) . 
  the culture is similar as well . 
  besides that , it 's the southern europeans that greeks consider themselves similar with  you should spend less time on reddit and travel more as you are severely delusional stop talking like a retard . 
  i have traveled in italy and central europe if that pleases you . 
  why am i delusional ? 
  is it because i disagree with you ? 
   you obviously have some issues with turks ( probably xenophobic against turks due to brainwashing but whatever ) i have no issues with you . 
  i 'm just telling you my opinion, 
  your swearing at me because i disagree with your pathetic views ? 
  btw i 'm actually a very open minded person and i think you turks are a friendly people  our culture is very similar how ? 
  wtf  we share similar words in our languages are you serious now ? 
  every single european country has adopted greek words , so fucking what ? 
  our languages are way too different  and our fucking genetics are similar as well . 
  turks share some similar genetics with a big number of anatolian greeks but that 's it . 
  genetic studies show that generally greeks are closer to southern european nations , while turks are anatolians with some other influences  we all live in a same lifestyle , we all eat similar dishes , we all look and act similar . 
  we eat like 5 similar dishes dude , so what ? 
  are you pathetic ? 
  and no , i definitely do n't live the same lifestyle with a turk who might get in jail if he speaks against erdogan . 
  and how do we `` look and act similar '' ? 
  give some examples you seem obsessed to prove that you are similar to us while ignoring basic stuff like genetics and language, 
  but the chameria issue was n't a genocide , it was an expulsion . 
  it is n't recognized as a genocide , while what happened to the armenians is a genocide and is recognized as such, 
  it 's an obsession . 
  it 's not the first time i have seen a turkish redditor claim that greece and turkey are merely the same country , while ignoring differences in culture , language and genetics . 
  and seriously , greeks do n't consider themselves similar to you . 
   besides a small percentage of our country , we are very close to the southern european countries what small percentage ? 
  80 % of your country is in asia , cut the bullshit . 
  you are anatolians with a lot of spices added to the recipe , maybe you have some genetical similarities with some anatolian greeks , but that 's it . 
   hell you guys are more close to us than any other northern europeans . 
  not true , greek genetics are european while turkish genetics are mostly anatolian, 
   we are romans by right of conquest what a pile of shit , seriously . 
  from your language to your culture , you have nothing to do with the romans, 
   afterall we are successors to the romans . 
  do you really believe this or you 're trolling ? 
  interesting enough , in turkish schools they are taught that they were the victims . 
  it 's mostly the so called `` liberal kemalist '' turks who consider their country part of the west . 
  they 're a tiny minority in turkey as far as i can tell, 
   because turkey is n't only erdo\u011fan and akp they are the ones in control of turkey right now though, 
  well you made a statement based solely on assumptions so . . 
  the genocide deniers strike again, 
  spain and greece recognize kosovo passports though . 
  btw there are some other eu countries that do n't recognize kosovo , it 's romania , slovakia and cyprus . 
  i hope that greece will recognize kosovo 's independence eventually, 
  and why do you think that ? 
   everybody is influenced by their neighbours usa does n't seem to be influenced by mexico . 
   plenty of things , such as much of our food , music , court traditions etc , most importantly our ancestry . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  especially for the `` ancestry '' part . 
   okay , greece is culturally connected with south europe true , but moreso with the balkans . 
  greece has influenced the balkans in a way , for example the cyrillic alphabet that serbs , bulgarians and slavo-macedonians use . 
  also the byzantines spread their religion in some places of the balkans . 
  therefore , it 's safe to say that it 's not greece that got influenced by the balkans , but kinda the opposite , although not exclusively of course, 
  your comment is completely unnecessary . 
  first of all he 's joking . 
   we have no cultural ties with you greece has cultural ties with italy  plus we 've not forgotten the damage you caused in ww2 what the hell does that have to do with anything ? 
  are you still living in the past ? 
  why are you bringing up something that happened literally a century ago and what does that contribute to the discussion ? 
   if we 're looking for definite locations of the twin cities , i think i 'll go for izmir and thessalonica . 
  ** those cities are almost carbon copies of each other . 
  ** . . how ? 
  that 's not true at all, 
   of course , since it proves you wrong you will read it `` later '' . 
  i will  no we 're not iranian or slavic . 
  we are anatolians , and we are related to all our neighbours , the caucasus especially . 
  i did n't say that you 're exclusively iranian or slavic . 
  but you have influences from those people . 
  you have little slavic influences but there are around 2 million bosniak descendants in turkey for example . 
   but arabic is wrong once again . 
  how are we more influenced by arabs than for an example the roman empire ? 
  it 's not wrong . 
  the ottomans used to write with arabic-iranian characters , how were you not influenced by them ? 
  and seriously , your comparison with the romans is completely ridiculous . 
  tell me what the hell did you kept from the romans ? 
   you 're not an italian , wake up . 
  i know that i 'm not italian .
