  pointless . 
  the majority of turks have already decided the country 's future . 
  you can google about the numbers of people of bosniak , bulgarian and albanian descent in western turkey and turkey in general . 
  as turks , pomaks or ` tourko-roma ' ( turkish/muslim roma ) . 
  yes , unfortunately the government calls them greek muslims because they want to piss off turkey . 
  it is unfair for them because none actually identifies as a greek muslim . 
   greek muslim minority there are no greek muslims , these people are either turks , muslim bulgarians ( pomaks ) , or muslim roma . 
   it also means that a lot of muslim greeks are actively being `` turkified '' no such thing as `` muslim greeks '' not a single one of them identifies as a ` muslim greek ' . 
   but throwing things to the court ai n't no fun . 
  agreed , how many times did it happen ? 
  paok fans are the worst in greece . 
  btw i do n't understand why you got downvoted . 
  not only that , i remember reading an article recently about how russians love italians and italian culture etc. 
  do you guys drink alcohol ? 
   i was under the impression you dutch enjoyed a fairly decent education . 
  he is turkish-dutch . 
  basket is not famous in ireland anyway , so it makes sense that you have n't heard of it, 
   as someone who has been to thessaloniki and lived in izmir , i beg to fucking differ ? 
  they are copies of each other lol . 
  show this image to turks and cover the greek flag , they would probably say that is izmir . 
  i bet you on that . 
  well it gives a different vibe to me now but whatever , it was greek for centuries so you 're not very wrong i guess . 
   let 's not get ridiculous . 
  there is nothing slavic or kurdish in izmir . 
  it is an exact mixture if greek and turkish mentality . 
  but there are tons of people from balkan descent ( bosniak , bulgarian , albanian ) in izmir , probably the majority , i find it hard to believe that it 's ` greekness ' is still there . 
   name 3 things that slavs gave to izmir and/or that izmir reminds you of slavs . 
  take a century to think . 
  dude , why would i need to name 3 things when izmir 's population is descended from various people from the balkans ? 
  izmir has nothing to do with greece anymore . 
   but there is not much in izmir that reminds you of slavic balkan , more like thessaloniki and athens . 
  oh yeah it does . 
  what about all the people of bosniak and bulgarian descent who live in izmir ? 
  they are as turks as someone from eastern turkey . 
  izmir has taken a lot from them . 
  since you 're not from serbia , why do you care about kosovo ? 
  kosovo is independent , but you can believe whatever you want . 
   where did you get that last century was when the first greek emperor showed up ? 
  afaik it was during the last dynasties were greek emperors appeared . 
   and the palaiologoi also considered themselves roman . 
  yes but it was during their rule that a hellenic identity would appear again . 
   i hear greece will be there too . 
  pics or did n't happen . 
   orthodox bros < 3 i protest , our orthodox brother is fyrom . 
  why did n't they invite other slavic countries ? 
  like ukraine , poland , croatia etc. 
   never mind the fact that the anglo-saxons either killed or drove out the ancient britons . 
  they actually assimilated them . 
  nope . 
  greeks did n't hate the hellenic legacy , byzantine emperors did and most of them were not greek . 
  during the last century of the byzantine empire , where greek emperors finally showed up , the hellenic identity grew once again . 
   you are n't really clever , are you ? 
  are n't you just doing exactly that what you 're always accusing others of ? 
  i 'm just using their own tactic , since they ca n't stop . 
   you have to realize that nobody outside of the balkans cares about how the balkan countries feel about each other . 
  i know that . 
   and neither you nor any other single person decides how the whole damn population feels about the other `` countries '' . 
  i know that . 
  what 's your point ? 
   i like poles for example , some germans do n't , what does that make me , a pole ? 
  does it make them russians for not liking poland ? 
  stop with this dumb-ass logic , ~ ~ it ~ ~ it 's getting annoying . 
  i do n't get where you 're going with all this . 
  in other times where my comments triggered you , you used the same arguments and `` accusations '' that users with serbian flairs used . 
  not in greece . 
  since when is the turkish coast full of greeks ? 
  and western turkey having people from the balkans does n't make it european . 
  they 're lame at this point tbh . 
  the massacres were started by the turks . 
  some violence is expected after a people get independence from oppressors . 
  but we did n't genocide anyone . 
  the last pogroms against greeks in turkey happened in the 50 's , whereas the turkish minority in greece is still here . 
  so that 's a proof that we did n't `` massacre turks en masse '' . 
  and if killings happened , it was n't something unheard of in these times . 
  the funny thing is that this guy is turkish . 
  why does n't he look at his country first ? 
   here i thought cretans were crazy with their shotguns ... that 's nonsense , i 'm from crete and i say that this stereotype is not accurate at all . 
  the biggest reason that there are greek russophiles is because turkey is a nato member . 
  greece has nothing to do with russia . 
  i wonder what greek russophiles have to say about the russia-turkey alliance that is going on lately . 
  on a previous comment of yours in this very thread you said that greece is a third world country , aimed at me , and now you say that i 'm albanian . 
  you must be a very confused idiot . 
  nah , i 'm tired of all these delusional serbs who think that only albanians can say something ` negative ' about serbia . 
  btw , why are you wearing a swedish flair when most of your comments on this sub are focused on serbia ? 
  you think that it is that hard to notice that you 're serbian ? 
  as if we care if serbs , who are among the most hated people in europe , make fun of our economy . 
  your country is one of the poorest in europe and you talk about greece . 
  i mean , honestly , how can a serb make fun of greece ? 
  your country has even got bombed by canada . 
  also , your fallacy of `` we are among the few who do n't make fun of greece 's failed economic policies '' does n't work . 
  from what i hear from foreigners and tourists in greece , they have the best to say about us . 
  who would have thought that serbs would be drawing an american president in their cities though, 
  with that logic germany should n't be in the same alliances with usa and uk because they bombed her during ww2 ? 
  i got pissed because he called me a ` backstabber ' . 
   and yeah , we get it , your parents are your most confidential source ? 
   as a proud cretan ( or should i rather say cr\u00e9tin ) you guys are some dumbasses . 
   well , moving out the people who live there their entire life is unjust . 
  millions of germans were expelled from eastern europe after the end of ww2 , in czechoslovakia they were even lining sudeten german civilians up and executing them . 
  the turkish settlers in cyprus should be peacefully returned to turkey , if a deal is made and the cypriots get their island back . 
  why ?
