   also spain never experienced russian imperialism but they opinion of russia is n't that favourable my personal guess is because spaniards tie modern day russia to franco 's regime . 
  they 're not wrong if that 's the case . 
  it 's not religion . 
  i can give two examples that religion does n't matter : fyrom is orthodox too but greece does n't have good relations with them . 
  romania , the most orthodox country in the world , hates russia like poland does . 
  so it 's not religion . 
  it 's mostly because of the crisis and because greece never experienced russian imperialism . 
   same religion , maybe ? 
  same religion does n't matter at all . 
  greece is high due to the crisis and also because it had never had neither soviet or imperial russian imperialism knocking on greece 's door or even getting in . 
   tell me , when serbia was bombed in ' 99 , you know greece and romania did n't participate in the sanctions/bombings ? 
  greece participated to the bombings with the bases in crete . 
   greeks , like serbs , follow eastern orthodoxy and are gon na align with them . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  religion has nothing to do with it . 
  fyrom is orthodox too , do you think that greece is going to ` align ' with them ? 
   during my visit to athens i 've observed that turkish and greek people are not so different . 
  we actually are very different . 
   we both have kebab and souvlaki so ? 
   we both have two rival football team ( galatasaray-fenerbahce & olympiacos-panathinaikos ) there 's football rivalries in every country . 
   both of our elders drink raki/ouzo and discussing politics in some kind of coffe-house something like [ this . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/hmpv15g ) ( if you 're turkish or greek , you might hear some '' \u03b5\u03bb\u03b1 \u03c1\u03b5 \u03bc\u03b1\u03bb\u03ac\u03ba\u03b1 '' or `` hassiktir oradan '' voices in your head while looking at this photo ) so ? 
  that happens in every country . 
   we lived centuries together , we have almost 1700 mutual words between turkish and greek . 
  you talk as if greeks wanted to live together with turks . 
  it was an occupation and probably the worst part of greece 's history . 
   despite all the nationalist people , despite all the hatred , we actually died for each other . 
  ( for example : in january of 1921 , 200 greek socialist soldiers disobeyed and refused kill turkish people in invasion of smyrna , saying that `` anatolian people are our brothers and sisters '' and they all executed in smyrna/izmir . 
  their last words was '' \u0396\u03b7\u03c4\u03c9 \u0397 \u0395\u03c0\u03b1\u03bd\u03b1\u03c3\u03c4\u03b1\u03c3\u03b9\u03c2 ( zito \u0130 epanastasis ) '' ( long live the revolution ) source ? 
   there are lots of turkish people in turkey who has greek origins . 
  not true . 
  greeks either fled anatolian or were killed . 
   if there is n't anything on the turkish news that means there is n't an intent from the turkish side to invade or attack greeks . 
  yeah because turkish news are so trustworthy . 
  also , no one said that turkey is going to invade or attack . 
   please , your own politicians do the same things . 
  threatening and claiming lands from other countries ? 
  when ? 
   or even casually you can find in this very subreddit , people claiming istanbul as the rightful greek land . 
  what does this have to do with the discussion ? 
   continue your needless warmongering articles . 
  it 's turkey that 's being warmongering , not the articles . 
  a lot of greek money have gone to military spending . 
  ` create tensions out of thin air ' ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the only one who 's creating tensions here is turkey . 
  he 's posting stuff that are relevant to this sub . 
   i know you hate the turks but this is getting ridiculous . 
  this turkish self-victimization must stop . 
  at least do n't do it in this sub . 
   every few month one minister from greece says one thing like threatening and claiming lands from other countries ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   documents , seriously ? 
  the conversion happened gradually since when turkics conquered anatolia and imposed islam and forced christians to pay jizya . 
  it happened over many centuries where christians were converting to islam so that they would n't be second class citizens . 
  and ottomans called everyone who was a muslim as turk . 
  that 's from where modern turks come from . 
  the genetic studies all show that turks are mostly locals and the central asian mixture is very small . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  turks are descended from turkified anatolians , not greeks . 
   but genetic studies besides , just using common sense , do turks look like central asians for you . 
  do you really believe they are related to mongoloid kazakhs ? 
  i believe that they are related to central asian populations but only to a small extent . 
  this . 
  i do n't know if bosniaks are offended by it , but it pretty much refers to the ethnic cleansing that bosniaks faced . 
  what has albania got to do with anything ? 
  you seem obsessed with them . 
  the post is about fyrom . 
  it 's not like greece is afraid of anything about that though . 
  you just found a way to push your agenda against albanians for no reason here , that 's why i commented, 
  i have n't seen documents of greeks of anatolia mass converting to islam . 
  it 's only turks who say that . 
   like greeks are some kind of a master race and no greek would ever do it ? 
  i never said that greeks are some ` master race ' , weirdo . 
   if that 's the case than you do n't need to worry , the greeks from western turkey were not originally greeks either and were hellenized thracians , lydians etc. 
  source ? 
  you 'll never see them admit that european turks are descended from bulgarians and bosniaks and generally islamized balkan peoples , they just pretend that they 're descended from greeks , the same people that they cleansed anatolian from . 
  and to be more clear , the original greek settlers in anatolia were concentrated only on the western coast . 
  the rest were hellenized locals . 
   majority of modern day turks are greeks and armenians that were in time assimilated . 
  majority of turks are anatolians who were assimilated , not greeks . 
  the greeks who settled anatolia were a minority compared to the native population and they mostly settled the western coast . 
  if you think that turkey is not responsible for the armenian genocide , then why do turks consider turkey as a continuation of the ottoman empire ? 
   i have n't seen every greek and turks on the face of the earth to be certain but from what i saw they look similar . 
  we do n't . 
   republic of turkey was founded in 1923 so those were n't commited by republic of turkey as you claim . 
  stop saying this . 
  not only your people take pride in the ottoman empire , they claim that turkey is a director successor of it . 
  then you should look better . 
  there are villages outside of florina and generally near the border with fyrom that speak a slavic dialect . 
  what do you mean by ` non-religious architecture ' ? 
   the original bridge was one of the few truly brilliant examples of non-religious ottoman architecture . 
  is there anything as non-religious architecture ? 
   ottoman empire and turkey are two different country . 
  then why are turks so proud of the ottoman empire 's achievements ? 
  most turks consider turkey as a continuation of the ottoman empire . 
   i guess it depends on where . 
  western turks were greeks before they were converted to islam and hence turkified . 
  not true . 
  a big number of western turks descend from islamified balkan peoples like bosniaks , albanian and bulgarians , not greeks .
