   our once chance of having a unified greek and turkish society again , like we had in the villages towns and cities under the empire you seriously talk as if it was all great in the ottoman empire . 
  it was n't , the greeks did n't want to be part of it and there was no unity in the villages , towns and cities . 
  you need to be realistic . 
   i have n't seen any turkish person ** or even a politician ** talking shit about greece or greek people since early-mid 90s . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  that dude that you were trying to hold a conversation with is ridiculous . 
  very weird guy . 
   ofcourse they are friends . 
  they 're not friends . 
  the comment you replied to was probably a troll attempt but still you 're not correct . 
  turks descend from anatolians , not from greeks . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that 's a very cringy comment . 
   there are some similarities in the culture , but i think that has more to do with the fact that greece was a part of the ottoman empire for nearly 500 years . 
  it 's not that . 
  it 's the [ population exchange ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_exchange_between_greece_and_turkey ) . 
  the turks of greece were sent to turkey and the christians of turkey were sent to greece . 
  the christians that greece received had their own culture . 
  they brought some anatolian dishes like mousaka and also some anatolian instruments . 
  the native greeks did n't saw the christian anatolians as ` greeks ' and they were called ` turkish seeds ' . 
  do you realize that this does n't make sense ? 
  no , religion and language are not the only differences . 
  culture is different as well , greek culture was n't erased during the ottoman empire . 
  greek and turkish cultures are actually two different worlds . 
  ` grew up in the same place ' ? 
  what ? 
  i suppose you mean during the ottoman empire , as if it was all nice and smooth . 
  with that logic iberians ` grew up in the same place ' with arabs just because the arabs ruled iberia for almost 900 years . 
  i understood what you meant actually , i just thought to give my perspective on that as well, 
  oh , since you disagree with me i 'm a ` nationalist ' ? 
  no , i 'm not , i actually do n't like nationalism at all . 
  i just thought that it would be much better for you to be realistic . 
  also , please go to r/greece and ask ` is mindalero a nationalist ? ', 
  you should see for yourself . 
  i think that many people just do n't know much about it . 
  compare that with the stuff that turkish redditors tend to post here which are kinda detached from reality . 
  i have absolutely no problem with anyone . 
  be it turk , japanese or whatever . 
  greeks feel that they have nothing to do with turkey and that does n't mean that we ` hate ' them . 
  it 's not like france-germany or sweden-denmark . 
  you should visit reality one day . 
  we do n't hate them but we do n't want relations with them either . 
  just peace . 
  everybody gets kinda along with each other on reddit . 
  the turks of reddit are not at all representative of the majority of turks though . 
  what ? 
  it does n't make sense, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  yeah it 's true that czezhs have germanic gens , i remember reading that somewhere . 
  also i think that balkan slavs are mostly related from the pre-slavic populations of the balkans , or are a mix of slavs and pre-balkan peoples . 
  so yes , nowadays it 's more of a linguistic term . 
  if the thing that makes someone a ` slav ' is a slavic language or slavic genetics . 
  i say that because i think that hungarians have more slavic genetics than bulgarians . 
  is the term ` slav ' considered a linguistic term or a genetic one ? 
  thanks for that , i should have done more research about it . 
  i 'm not ` in every single thread about turkey ' , what are you talking about ? 
  and since when do i ` hate ' turkey ? 
  i do n't hate anyone , i simply shared my opinion . 
   archbishop makarios iii , was against unification i do n't think that 's true . 
  he was very pro unification actually , i think he was against the current greek junta regime . 
  the mistake that the greek cypriots did was wanting unification with greece . 
  there was no reason for that . 
  they gave the dictators of greece a reason to start a coup on the island , and then turkey found an excuse to invade and split it in half . 
  there 's no hypocrisy in saying that turks are as conservative as kurds . 
  the provinces of central and eastern turkey ( those who are n't majority kurdish ) probably share similar opinions about subjects like that on the graph . 
  do you have a source for researches like this for eastern turkish provinces ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that they will be just as similar . 
  as if the turks are less conservative and backwards than the kurds . 
  first of all , it was a war for independence . 
   ( back then the greeks where ottoman citizens they never considered themselves ` ottoman citizens ' . 
   while the uprising was taking place , the greeks were called thugs and stuff like that , ** even by other greeks who were loyal to the ottoman government . 
  ** do you have a source for that ? 
  that 's not a ` clue ' , since you have no proof that he 's kurdish . 
  you simply blamed this on the kurds . 
  that 's a close-minded thing to do . 
  btw your comparison with mykonos is ridiculous . 
  your comment does n't make any sense, 
   the owner himself is a kurd . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  what ? 
  there 's nothing like this going on . 
   they are `` literally '' not . 
  who are you kidding ? 
  it 's not that hard to notice . 
  i 've been ` doing that for months ' ? 
  stop lying . 
  you talk as if i give a fuck about this . 
  i know my country very well , the whole thing started after a dude ( who 's banned but keeps creating fake accounts ) was spreading misinformation and calling me names . 
  why are n't you wearing a serbian flair ? 
  you 're a serb and literally all of your comments on this sub are about serbia . 
   half of your reddit activity is fighting against the notion that greece and serbia have `` good relations '' do n't be ridiculous . 
  btw serbia has the same relations with greece as it has with every european country . 
   the fact that we veto the name ( and it 's our right to do so ) does n't mean i hate all the fyromers i did n't imply that . 
   so yeah i personally felt serbians closer to us . 
  that 's what i ca n't understand . 
  serbs and fyromians are a very similar people and their culture is literally the same . 
  but for some reason , you felt ` closer ' to the serbs . 
  it does n't make absolutely no sense , it 's like saying `` i feel close to the norwegians , but not to the swedes '' . 
  also , you felt them closer to * you * , not to * us * . 
  re o psekasmenos einai se kathe post mou kai me akolouthei , kai oxi mono afto , alla leei kai malakies .
