  that 's from wikipedia . 
  since it was man made , and millions of people died , is n't it a genocide ? 
  what do you mean with that ? 
  that romanians can be only orthodox for example ? 
   and as a greek , you should know that massive slaughters and deportation of people is pretty common in that area . 
  yeah , i know . 
   after all , turkey iswas born with 3 genocides : the assyrian , the armenian and the pontic greek about a hundred years ago . 
  erdine was completly greek 100 years ago and was completly emptied and repopulated by turks . 
  i agree . 
  my point is that the russians have no actual claim in constantinople though , regardless if they want to claim the city . 
  as an other user replied to you , they forcibly took away their food and seeds during a period of famine . 
  also , do you remember that comment of yours ? 
   in the early days it was one of the most advanced countries . 
  was it ? 
  you are confused . 
  trump is going full erdogan , not the opposite . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wxt1o/comment/dee0vip?st=izubdadt&amp;amp;sh=9ab90c25 start from this comment by a croatian user then . 
  give some reasoning . 
  you may not like to hear it , but greek culture developed alone and and it 's not similar with the balkans . 
  take it from a linguistical aspect , take from wherever you want . 
  greece is not similar with the balkan countries . 
   have more in common with a turk than an austrian in many ways . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i never said that i 'm culturally similar with an austrian but i 'm not with a turk either . 
  turks are their own thing . 
  the only people in europe that are culturally close to turkey are the bosniaks . 
  and no , it 's not because of religion , it 's just culture . 
  kosovars are muslim too but not so culturally similar to turks . 
  as anyone would expect , griko speakers have pretty much an italian accent and also seem to use many italian words . 
  they seem to talk kinda fast and thus i can not understand every word they say . 
  so my answer is , i can , but with difficulty . 
  true , i have watched some nice documentaries about these people . 
  southern italy has historical and cultural ties with greece so i 'm not surprised that there 's still some greek element over there . 
  as i said on my previous comment , people like him do n't deserve attention . 
  he 's just threatening , he is n't capable of anything else . 
  he is a lunatic , people like him does n't deserve attention . 
  russians can dream about constantinople all they want . 
  they have no relations with the city and it 's obvious that they use that `` orthodoxy '' bullshit just for the reason you said , to have access in the mediterranean . 
  i agree that turks have no chance in a war against the west though . 
  what a maniac . 
  true , i was confused . 
  russia does n't give a shit about them , they 're just delusional and think that just because russians fought with them in ww1 that they actually care about serbia . 
  also , it is n't about russia allowing or preventing the bombings , russia had no say on this . 
  the world was n't going to stand and watch serbs doing another srebrenica against albanians this time . 
  the war had to stop . 
  you should n't be judging people by their flairs . 
  it 's tasteless and makes you look like a redneck . 
   they created `` glagolitsa '' . 
  cyrillic was created by one of their students climent of ohrid in the capital of bulgaria - preslav . 
  he named it after his teacher who had died at the time correct . 
  i got confused , they created the glagolitsa first in an attempt to translate the ancient slavonic language . 
   assuming the bulgarians had no way of writing , would n't it be much easier to teach them the greek aplhabet instead of creating a new one?that story sounds fishy . 
  [ read up on here . ], 
  [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/frapp%c3%a9_coffee ) is greek coffee . 
  and it 's more widespread than the anatolian one . 
  well , coffee is n't restricted only in greece . 
  spanakopita is a greek food , the rest you listed are of anatolian origin i think . 
  anyway , to sum up my point : there 's anatolian influences in greek cuisine but it 's obvious that the turkish cuisine has taken so many influences from so many parts of the world that it can not be compared in terms of similarities to the greek cuisine as if they 're ` the same ' . 
  if you ask me , it 's more similar to iranian . 
  judging from my greek historical knowledge , some greek guys , [ cyril and methodius ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/saints_cyril_and_methodius ) , were sent by the byzantines to christianize the slavs . 
  and then they created the cyrillic alphabet . 
  there 's no albanian secession movement in greece . 
  it would be more correct to put a slavo-macedonian one since there actually was one in greek macedonia . 
  you said that they 're `` essentially the same '' yet you brought only 3 examples . 
  well , there are not so many remaining examples that you can bring tbh . 
  i 'm not denying the similarities , the influx of the anatolian refugees in greece during the population exchange between greece and turkey brought some anatolian foods , but you exaggerated . 
   and not as unique as many on both sides say . 
  in my opinion there 's no such thing as a `` unique '' cuisine . 
  anyway , getting back to the topic , the turkish cuisine has taken influences from arabia to bosnia . 
  turkish cuisine is waaay more ` rich ' and exotic . 
  and i do n't really think that our dishes are similar to the turkish ones . 
  what i know is that they got elected . 
  [ akp ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/justice_and_development_party_ ( turkey ) ideology : conservative democracy social conservatism economic liberalism ** neo-ottomanism ** factions : right-wing populism i do n't even need wikipedia to tell me that akp is a party that holds neo-ottomanist ideologies anyway . 
  do you also need a source about the votes they got ? 
  because as far as i know they 're governing you . 
  also , i 'm not your `` lil bro '' . 
  i 'm telling you again you dumbass , i deleted them because there 's no reason to give you attention . 
  the sources proved you wrong anyway so why are you being a bitch about that ? 
  stop talking like a retard . 
   hopefully most of turkey still feels that way ... no , i do n't think they do , they 're actually quite proud of their ottoman past it seems . 
  i mean , if you think about it , they are the descendants of the ottomans . 
  most of turkey votes for the neo-ottomanist party as well . 
  how can you be so sure that your taxes went straight to greece ? 
  around 11 % of the taxes you 're talking about ended in greece , the rest went to the banks . 
  anyway , no debt apologia here , greece indeed fucked up and it 's paying for it . 
  your taxes did n't go to the greek people, 
   seperate culture what differences in terms of culture are there between catalonia and the rest of spain ? 
  i 'm asking out of ignorance, 
  seselj seems like a typical neo-nazi , vucic is a piece of shit . 
  greece was in favor of voting for kosovo joining unesco membership and that sniveler vucic called tsipras and begged him to not vote . 
  tsipras being a dumbass , abstained from voting . 
  it was posted yesterday, 
   bro , you are at every fucking thread which involves turkey stop exaggerating . 
   why do you reply to me while i was writing to another poster ? 
  because you were talking about me . 
   oh and by the way , nice to claim citation to your dumbfuck posts while you delete them always . 
  i do n't delete them `` always '' , i deleted them this time because i realized there 's no reason to give attention to morons like you . 
  all the sources i sent you proved you wrong anyway . 
  also , stop calling me `` bro '' . 
   and we also call the people living there `` nemci '' ( which means people who can not talk lol ) .
