  aftos arxise thn `` epithesi '' sto katw katw, 
   but your culture and way of life * also corruption !, 
  yay * is very similar to ours and thus we 're very friendly with each other even though i disagree with that i though to ask a question : since you say that serbia 's culture is similar to greece 's , that makes fyrom 's , bulgaria 's and croatia 's culture similar to greece 's . 
  do you agree with that ? 
  if so , are we friendly with said nations ? 
  when i say ` friendly ' , i mean it in the same pretext as you meant with serbia . 
   you answered your own question on why they did so . 
  serbs were the main ethnic element of yugoslavia , the capital of yugoslavia was belgrade and serbs invaded slovenia , croatia and bosnia in the name of yugoslavia . 
  also , the chetniks , a paramilitary group that the serbs take a lot of pride with , wanted to include greek macedonia into their ` greater serbia ' . 
   um , greeks do it too i have noticed that too , though that happens on a lesser extent . 
  what i mean is that serbs have industrialized that slogan . 
  the greeks that do it ca n't be compared to the things on youtube . 
   in every tense situation greeks and serbs helped each other for the last few centuries ` helped each other ' ? 
  aside from some revolutionaries during the greek war of independence , what has serbia done for greece ? 
  from what i know , during the greek civil war the yugoslav government of belgrade supported the slavo-macedonian separatists because it had its eyes on greek macedonia . 
  now , what has greece done for serbia ? 
  do n't answer ` abstaining from the bombing campaign of 1999 ' , because i live in crete , and i know very well that bases in crete were used to bomb serbia . 
   who-now ? 
  there 's no reason to pretend . 
  what was the context and message of my comment , since you appear to know better than me ? 
   we invented brotherly relations between nations based on religion ? 
  wow !, 
  til that `` orthodox brotherhood '' nonsense was created by serbs considering that the people who spam the internet with this are serbs on every fucking youtube video . 
  btw , i see you 're back with another fake account , stuffscrazy . 
  i 'm pretty chill , my reply was pretty chill as well , i do n't know where did you saw something weird with that . 
  also , stop generalizing like a 12 year old , it 's really stupid . 
   the whole orthodox brothers thing is cringey tho it is . 
  serbs invented it and they 're spamming the whole internet with this bullshit . 
   well most people in this sub would rather say `` turks do not look european at all , they are middle eastern , asian etc turks are of largely anatolian descent , and anatolian genetics are asian , there 's nothing weird about that . 
   it is the greeks who get offended by `` looking similar to turks '' . 
  there are some turkish users here who try to push a specific agenda . 
  this is getting tiring though , trolling should have it 's limits . 
  we do n't get offended , but we 're not taking it serious . 
   they mostly deny any relation with turks . 
  they 're not turks , so it makes sense . 
  mousaka , anatolian music etc were brought here by anatolian refugees and not by turks , if that 's what you mean . 
  can a sense of humor be cooked ? 
  you need one, 
  i do n't know if we 're closer to spain , but we 're actually very culturally similar with portugal , from what i 've noticed . 
  the most visible thing is that we both love the sea and cook delicious fish :d, 
  as i said in a previous comment of mine , if i one day decide to feel japanese , i wo n't be japanese enough for the japanese . 
   oh god it 's you again . 
  the greek who desperately tries to portray himself as non-balkans . 
  the greeks are a mediterranean people , not a balkanic people . 
   have you looked in the mirror recently ? 
  what do you look like ? 
  i look mediterranean . 
  i seriously do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   i am polish not bulgarian , so your last resort in this losing discussion - to aim at my nationality , is lost . 
  sucks , aint it ? 
  i have noticed that turkish redditors in here tend to attack flairs quite often . 
   they were born in europe and they are majority in some parts of europe . 
  they were born by immigrants , while kurds on the other hand are native in turkey . 
  your comparison is ridiculous . 
  the only person who calls me an albanian on r/greece is you , you idiot . 
  if you have no proof that i 'm not greek , you can shut your mouth . 
  and no , i 'm not swearing ` too much ' . 
  i have this account for 8 months while the sole purpose of you creating this account is to reply to my comments . 
  who 's the troll you dumbass ? 
  and no , i 'm not albanian , i 'm greek . 
  the arvanites descend from hellenized albanians and they fought for greece . 
  his descent plays no major role , he said it himself that his * great-grandfather * was greek . 
  he can feel whatever he wants , i 'm not dictating the way he feels . 
  if one day i decide to feel finnish it would n't make sense since i have no relations with the country nor do i speak the finnish language . 
  it 's common sense that 's talking now . 
  you simply lied because you had no arguments . 
  i ask you to find a source since you made such a claim , do n't try to dodge it . 
   \\  ties ` greekness ' exclusively to a nation-state  \\  not a nationalist i did n't even described what ` greekness ' is , yet your little mind made another assumption out of nowhere . 
  and point me where the hell did i made a remark about a ` nation-state ? 
  the only thing that i said in this thread that was related to ` greekness ' is that in my opinion , if y is raised in greece , speaks greek and identifies as greek , then y is greek . 
  if y is n't raised in greece and does n't speak greek , then y is n't greek . 
  i did n't said any other thing about ` greekness ' . 
  is it a ` nationalistic ' thing to say that the people who i consider to be greek are the people who are raised here , speak greek and identify as greek ? 
  you 're really ridiculous . 
   the greeks in the west anatolian coast were mostly recent ottoman-era immigrants from the greek mainland and the islands do you got a source for this ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , just want to read up on it . 
   by people who thought as you do in this case . 
  you seem kinda cocky . 
  i do n't care about the customs they brought in greece , i 'm just stating that they were not considered greeks . 
  is it wrong to state facts ? 
  i consider them greeks and i would never attack someone because of his customs or origin . 
  point me where did i said something like that . 
   despite your protests , you 're actually a nationalist par excellence since you obviously put a lot of stock in the importance of the nation-state in some cases . 
  that 's a very low point for you . 
  calling me a ` nationalist ' because you ran out of arguments . 
  and no , i despise nationalism and i never supported the idea of a ` nation state ' which again you pulled out of your ass , bring me a source where i actually supported something like that . 
  your great grandfather being greek has nothing to do with you being greek . 
  i assume your great grandfather fled the pontic genocide and went to the us ? 
  and you 're a 4th generation american ? 
  since you are not raised in greece and ca n't speak greek , then you 're not greek . 
  there are no ` greek muslims ' . 
  the muslims of greece are either turks , pomaks or roma muslims . 
   one could argue they were already in a relationship no , that was actually the darkest part of greece 's history . 
   it does , because u make it seem like the geographical location of being greek is important  so , why cant someone born outside of greece , cant be greek ? 
  i clearly said that if y is not raised in greece and does n't speak greek , i do n't consider y a greek . 
   and at the same time u clearly state that culture is what makes a greek . 
  define greek culture . 
   so unless u are going to support that greeks are an artificial creation i did n't claim anything close to this . 
   like , constantly saying that people that lived in the eastern aegean coast and even further in iconium and bursa werent greeks but anatolians , is one of the most silly things to say ~ ~ historicly ~ ~ historically speaking . 
  they were christian anatolians , yes .
