  i call my american friend a ` brother ' as well , does that mean anything ? 
  you just brought up wars that happened so long ago . 
  you 're not even trying . 
  greece had many military allies throughout it 's history . 
  i do n't have a problem with you , but the people who usually see you as `` brothers '' and stuff like that are nationalists . 
   i do n't understand why are treating me as an enemy when i 'm merely trying to sort of help you understand why they do it . 
  i 'm not treating you like an enemy man , come on :d  and yes , greeks support the serbs pretty much in every forum i 've run into these past 15 years i have n't seen that on reddit . 
  btw judging from youtube comments , albania and turkey are brothers . 
  does that make sense to you ? 
  the internet is full of people with nationalistic ideologies . 
  as i said before , the same people who call serbs `` friends '' are the same people who call the fyromians `` slavic gypsies '' . 
  this is the kind of people they are . 
  you do the same thing again , sending an article about the greek neo-nazis who fought with the serbs in bosnia and you use this to say that the greek public supports the serbs . 
  it 's like saying that just because many albanians fought with the nazis in ww2 , albanians hold nazi ideologies . 
  i 'm not denying the validity of the last article though , michas exposed the idiots who helped karadzic and this is well known . 
   every single greek government has been extremely friendly to serbia , heck even tzipras was in belgrade reaffirming that merely weeks ago . 
  greece has been friendly to albania as well , greece is your biggest trading partner , your biggest foreign investor and supports albania 's accession in the eu . 
  also do n't forget the 1.000.000 albanian refugees that greece accepted in the 90 's . 
  still , that does n't mean that we are best friends or something . 
  greece has nice relations with all of the balkan countries , except turkey maybe , if it counts as balkan ( even though we 're in the same alliance with them )  greek press and public were overwhelmingly proserb in the 90s while they were killing and maiming other people left and right i want a source on that . 
  the greek public was never pro-serb since you 're using the same arguments , i will simply remind you again that greece opened her borders for 1.000.000 ( and more ) albanians in the 90 's . 
  does that make albania and greece best friends ? 
  no it does n't . 
   a black sheep in the sense that you stand out as the only greek that does not support them support them where man ? 
  do you think that we give a shit about them ? 
  i 've never seen any greek user supporting nor opposing them here , greeks are n't involved with threads like these , i just stated my opinion . 
  are n't you the same guy who told me that just because 100 greek neo-nazis fought with serbs in bosnia it means that we have good relations with them ? 
   you ca n't blame them for doubting your greekness when your views almost the opposite of what they are used to . 
  since you know better , what are they used to ? 
   they are not entirely to blame as if that mentality is logical  since you 're pretty much a black sheep among the greeks not just here on reddit . 
  you say big words . 
  and how am i a black sheep ? 
  i just wanted to correct you . 
  btw , calling someone a `` nationalist '' just because you disagree with him is fucking stupid . 
  i personally dislike nationalists, 
  i have noticed that too . 
  i have been called an albanian by like 5 different serb users . 
  if their logic is applied , it will mean that we greeks must get instantly butthurt the moment someone criticizes our government 's handling of the crisis . 
  or our own handling of the crisis . 
   what do you have against serbia and serbs so much ? 
  what do i have against serbia ? 
  please elaborate , i gave you straight facts about serbia de facto breaking off from yugoslavia and you tell me that i dislike serbs ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
   greeks and serbs have had friendly relations for decades most of the time , the same people who call serbs as `` friends '' here are the same people who call the fyromians `` slavic gypsies '' . 
  we 're talking about nationalists , you get the idea . 
  i do n't have a problem with any country , what makes you think that i dislike serbia ? 
   in fact , you could argue that serbs were the original anti-separatists since we wanted to remain in yugoslavia that 's wrong . 
  serbia was the first country that de facto broke from yugoslavia . 
  in the constitution of 28 september 1990 , serbia is exempted from the legal system of yugoslavia , and at the same time retained all the rights of the former state . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/gptwzkucxoi ) a greek song about the siege of sarajevo . 
  you wo n't understand much from the lyrics , but i will post it since it 's kinda famous here , though it used to be more known back in those days . 
  why did you create a second throwaway account ? 
  did the other one got banned from r/europe like your original ? 
   i think turkish culture is closest to iran , greece , azerbaijan and armenia turkey is not culturally close to greece . 
  of all the countries you listed , none of them is culturally close to greece either . 
   while you can find different folk music that has more in common with greece such as ? 
   new world is hardly ~ ~ comperable ~ ~ comparable ok , if that 's what you believe , are spain and morocco similar ? 
   and the u.s is n't influenced by mexico ? 
  what ? 
  how has mexico influenced the us ? 
   take a look at the studies . 
  the studies do n't say that you have `` roman genetics '' . 
  there 's no such thing as roman genetics anyway  i 'm tired of this jingoism ` jingoist ' is a term that applies to millions of turks . 
  not to me . 
   you were controlled by us for ~ ~ 500 ~ ~ 400 years so ? 
  in greece those 400 ( not 500 ) years are considered the dark ages of our history . 
  also just because you occupied us it does n't mean that we were influenced by you , the greeks managed to preserve their culture  arguably the byzantines were partially anatolian aswell in what sense ? 
   serbian empire controlled most of greece are you even trying ? 
  serbian rule in greece lasted for 25 years . 
  anyway , it was the byzantines who kinda influenced the serbs , see cyrillic alphabet  bulgarians also controlled chunks of it . 
  what chunks ? 
  and for how long ? 
   how can you so adamantly believe that greeks are westerners no matter how much you hate it for some reason , greeks are westerners . 
  the western civilization was born in greece , what else do you need ? 
   when all the facts are layed before you ? 
  what facts for fucks sake ? 
  you seem to have inferiority complexes , i can not explain it otherwise , you seem to be obsessed with trying to prove that greeks are something they are not , is it because your own country is becoming a dictatorship and thus you feel the need to bring others on your own level ? 
  what is your problem ? 
  do you see greeks on reddit trying to pull the same shit like you ? 
  mine assumption makes sense , considering the eu protocols, 
  it was pretty much an imitation then , nothing special . 
  many different empires adopted customs of the romans . 
  no one considered the ottomans successors of the roman empire though, 
   you are talking about integration of anatolian greeks as if they are from a completely different place . 
  you know nothing about the anatolian greeks then . 
  when they came here during the population exchange , many of the local greeks treated them like shit , they used to call them `` tourkosporoi '' which means `` turkish seeds '' . 
  they were victims of lynchings , sometimes their camps were set on fire and some were assaulted and killed on the street . 
  many anatolians could n't even speak greek . 
  and yes , they came from a completely different place . 
   you obviously do n't see them as greek as much as you see yourself . 
  you 're still making stupid assumptions . 
  i never said that they 're not greeks like myself , i said they were ~ ~ assimilated ~ ~ integrated ( this word fits better ) . 
  they could have been integrated earlier , but the native greeks treated them badly  keep lying to yourself . 
  prove that i 'm lying then . 
   but we used to have 500k turks just in crete so i will let you do the math . 
  you exaggerate a lot . 
  also link me a source that supports your claims . 
   you are just cherry-picking right now . 
  truth hurts huh ? 
  i simply gave you examples  making broad comments like that proves otherwise .
