  he fought for an albanian cause , not a serbian one . 
  there were some heroes of the greek independence war who were of albanian descent , do you consider them albanians ? 
  in greece they are considered greek for obvious reasons, 
  i 'm actually saying that he 's an albanian hero , in your first comment you implied that both of his parents were serbs and i corrected that, 
  he 's not a serbian hero and he came from a mixed marriage , what are you trying to prove ? 
  his father was from an albanian tribe and his mother was a serbian princess . 
  serbian lords were allies of albanians and ottomans in these times so it 's not weird you had mixed marriages between high class people, 
  i ca n't imagine this country out of the eu , really . 
  the situation will get way worse, 
  one could say that greeks confuse the question `` how do you feel about greece 's future '' with `` how do you feel about eu 's future '', 
  do n't pay attention to him he 's a troll, 
  he 's likely a troll, 
   because i have to live with the eu i doubt that you even live inside the eu, 
   states back then did n't really use flags the way we do today i agree , i should n't have used the word `` flag '' , a better word would be an official banner, 
  i would say that [ this ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-e0332d3e331ec423c9e192cf163e9612-c?convert_to_webp=true ) was most likely to be an official byzantine flag for the most part . 
  maybe except that weird symbol inside the circle . 
  just the two headed eagle, 
  you just call me names because i do n't have the same opinions with you , i have never said something bad about serbs, 
  macedonia dispute started in the 90s . 
  yugoslav wars started in the 90s too . 
  your comparison with the nazis is out of place because it happened many years earlier . 
   and you bring up what serbia did in the 90s it actually makes sense because you where the one who brought up the macedonia dispute  and surprise surprise , you commented on every one of these serbia threads 90 % of my comments that you 're referring to are from the same thread , the one with the serbian train to kosovo so basically i stated my opinion surrounding the kosovo dispute in one single thread and you translated this as if i have an `` anti-serb sentiment '', 
  no you bigot , i did n't support anyone . 
  have some fucking self respect and realize that not all chams collaborated with nazis , many were fighting together with greeks too . 
  yet most chams were expelled and killed . 
  history can not change the way you want it do you fucking understand that ? 
  greeks were the bad guys too . 
  btw you 're so desperate , you really think that i 'm albanian ? 
  if i was i would admit it , but i 'm greek what the hell is your stance on the cham issue , really ? 
  i want to hear your one sided opinion, 
  wow what a racist 10 year old , he thinks i am albanian because i support kosovo . 
  focus on fixing your relationship with your neighbors and stop mumbling what your politicians tell you to believe, 
  i never said nothing bad about pontics and cypriots . 
  i 'm not anti-serb though why would you think that ? 
  i 'm just stating my opinions on the kosovo issue, 
  did i say something negative for serbia now ? 
  i did n't even mentioned the word `` serbia '' , i said yugoslavia you are so close minded that you think i 'm albanian . 
  btw i have a serbian friend and ex-classmate from srpska . 
  i 'm not anti-serb because i ca n't be against a whole country , i 'm just stating my opinions, 
  cyprus had a turkish/muslim minority before the invasion and before turkish government started resettling the northern part with mainland turks . 
  if you follow the whole cyprus dispute you would know that the majority of local muslim cypriots want reunification with the the south kosovo is a completely different case because it 's just so complicated , you have to dig kinda back in the centuries to see that albanians were living there before serbian lords invaded . 
  of course things became more complicated after ottoman invasion too, 
  i think serbia should start trying to fix her relations with her neighbors instead of praising greece as an `` ally '' . 
  also , greeks have more important problems than fictional alliances, 
  there is no brotherhood , do n't believe the nationalistic bullshit people pull out of their ass, 
  i think that greek and turkish forces must get out of cyprus , then it must be decided whether the turkish settlers are allowed to stay or leave , then that 's it . 
  the cyprus issue must finally be solved and that 's the only way, 
  usa have nothing to do with the fall of yugoslavia . 
  slovenes and croats wanted to break free , so they did . 
  i do n't think americans have anything to do with millions of people wanting independence, 
  that was their goal anyway . 
  sending a train to kosovo full of nationalistic bullshit in it , so that albanians attack the train and are depicted as the bad guys, 
  that 's definitely happening anyway, 
  what kosovars need to do to achieve their independence in a way that serves you ? 
  btw cyprus and kosovo are 2 different cases, 
  spain and greece recognize kosovo passports though, 
  okay that 's good from serbia but seriously why are churches and monasteries a reason to reclaim kosovo ? 
  people got killed for their freedom there, 
  do you really wan na play this game ? 
  because the whole macedonia issue * is * a walk in the park compared to what serbs did in the 90s . 
  btw i 'm the first person to say that the whole macedonia issue is ridiculous, 
  seriously that 's ridiculous . 
  that 's a level of pettiness not even the greek government has reached yet, 
  they must realize kosovo is independent now . 
  no reason to pull petty things like this . 
  plus who the fuck puts christian figures on a train ? 
  all you do is care about these useless churches yet magically forget about the atrocities committed by serbs against albanians and not only albanians, 
  you have whole adriatic coast, 
  i thought slovenia and croatia had nice relations with each other, 
  it 's great that there are still temples remaining in south italy, 
  [ i like this one ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/temple_of_aphaea ) . 
  there are some more . 
  there would have been many more had the christians behaved themselves, 
  so what were they discussing ? 
  i agree with you . 
  unfortunately greek politicians draw attention away from important things and they just manage to keep the sheep focused on stupid things, 
  i do n't think turkey is planning to attack greece or something , that 's just some poor conspiracy theories going on, 
  i am not saying that the guy who died has some significance . 
  if he tried to claim the though that 's another story . 
  ... to selected individuals . 
  the rest of their lands suffered, 
  i personally think bringing islam is irrelevant , although it brought some differences between bosniaks , serbs and croats . 
  so islam is not a bad thing as / u/joko11 erroneously said , the bad is that the ottomans destroyed balkans and greece with their conquest, 
  give me a reason . 
  the ottomans destroyed the balkans and unfortunately my country was a part of that shitty empire too . 
  i 'm not solely blaming them but they 're a big reason that this part of europe is like this today . 
   you ca n't conquer half of mediterranean and hold it for centuries by being shit at everything little one . 
  first of all i 'm not talking about their conquests . 
  i 'm talking about their administration so `` shit at everything '' was an exaggeration . 
   of course ottomans shaped your history . 
  this does n't mean every historian will have the same judgment on that said shaping with you . 
  well unfortunately they kinda did . 
  my judgement is that they 're a reason that balkans are like this today , i 'm not blaming them solely but anyway, 
  i 'm not blaming them for ffs . 
  there are many reasons greece is what it is today and 400 years of nothing are a factor , but i 'm not saying it 's only ottoman years that must be `` blamed '', 
  that 's the whole thing you took from my comment ? 
  history is history but the ottomans were shit at everything , and they 're a big reason the balkans are like this today , every historian will agree with that, 
  i 'm not blaming them solely , you made it seem like it . 
  there are many reasons of greece 's problems and one of them it 's greeks themselves and i 'm the first to say this . 
  but just look at the former ottoman regions in the balkans and you will realize why i said this .
