  i 'm from an island therefore not balkan and i 'm also not diaspora, 
  to me it seems that these 3 countries are disliked by neighbors and surrounding countries due to not only historical reasons but also recent reasons . 
  russia with invading ukraine and georgia and threatening the baltics . 
  turkey with invading cyprus and constantly provoking greece . 
  they also do n't accept a genocide their ancestors committed serbia with the 90s wars and all that happened during that time i 'm not saying that greece is a role model lol , albanians and slavo-macedonians may still dislike us but it 's for stupid reasons . 
  out relationship with albania has improved the last decades anyway . 
  the problem with the slavo-macs is a stupid name dispute . 
  i just think that serbia , russia and turkey are all viewed as a threat by their neighbors, 
  ask the croats , the bosniaks , the kosovars . . 
  why are turkey , serbia and russia so similar ? 
  it 's a shame that my government has n't recognized you yet . 
  at last , an interesting series . 
  correct, 
  beautiful, 
   if serbia wants kosovo back now is the time to pressure the us through its ties with putin . 
  you know what the hell something like that would create ? 
  the 90 % albanian majority of kosovo would just accept something like that ? 
  i doubt it . 
  kosovo should stay kosovo . 
  that 's the only way peace will be the norm over there . 
  yet turkish forces captured half of the island . 
  that does n't look like protection, 
   your government doesnt even call them what they are they refer them as muslim greeks our government calls them like that because they do n't want minority problems . 
  we just call them turks . 
  your government can call kurds whatever they want , kurds will probably protest . 
  the muslims of greece do n't care that much there are obviously some lucky greek speakers left in a city of 14 million lol, 
  i condemn both . 
  but there 's a difference . 
  turks massacred locals who had been there for centuries while greeks massacred people whom they saw as invaders who had 10 times more privileges than them . 
  greeks were probably poor , angry and desperate . 
  a massacre is a massacre , but there are differences . 
   those massacred muslim people were mostly civilians minding their own business and trying to make a living . 
  the same can be said for all the slaves turks sold and all the people they massacred . 
   greeks certainly force-converted pomaks en masse . 
  do you have any documents on your claims ? 
  because i doubt that pomaks would just stand still while some priests christianize them lol , fyi many left to turkey , bur there are still around 50.000 ( could be more ) in greece, 
  i do n't promote ethnic cleansing , those were the times that unfortunately massacres happened frequently . 
  turks were the perpetrators most of the time tbh . 
  i suggest you do some research on how the ottomans and the arabs were viewed by southern europeans . 
  you massacred , took slaves etc but you complain when we revolt and do the same ? 
  that 's hypocritical . 
  btw we never forced turks to convert . 
  for the record , i have no problem with turks and arabs so do n't start calling me names or something , we 're discussing history after all, 
   this is a european subreddit . 
  meanwhile most of your country is not in europe, 
  some german politicians are demonized in greece but how can we hate you ? 
  you come here every summer , there is a lot of cultural exchange , german football clubs are widely supported here , i have never met anyone who hates germans , except classical youtube and facebook comments . 
  the worst thing i have heard someone say about germans is that you are boring people with no sense of humor, 
   76 results . 
  that 's quite a lot of mentions for someone who doesnt give a shit about serbs or rarely talks about them . 
  7 months old account , so an astonishing 1 comment every 3rd day containing `` serb '' . 
  that still does n't mean that i have ever said anything bad about serbia . 
   idk you 're free to use facts , im not the most educated on the subject but i know a fair amount of stuff about it . 
  i 'm not obliged to bring you facts , you can search on your own  i see you talking about serbs very often , so idk about that last part . 
  no i do n't give a shit about you nor i talk about you very often and i have never said anything negative regarding any country on this sub , serbia included, 
  so the ottoman-serb alliance was halted after the capture of constantinople ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  they fought against them like anyone did , but serbs were the only ones from the balkans who helped them conquer the byzantine empire thus bringing a dark age of ottoman rule here . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
  i 'm not prejudiced or whatever , that 's how history went down, 
  you are not wrong . 
  it was mostly greek speaking cypriots that wanted to unify with greece though and started the demonstrations . 
  that however , does n't justify the turkish invasion, 
  lol the lumberjack is angry . 
  i 'm stating historical facts , not blaming no one , ca n't you fucking read you villager ? 
  i did n't blame them for what their previous leaders did, 
  i do n't drink ouzo my slovenian villager . 
  why am i an asshole though, 
  we kicked invaders out of our country , the ottomans brought you to settle this land and during the revolution massacres happened , that happens in revolutions though , but you turks did worst , you massacred chios , you were pillaging crete and generally the islands , massacring innocents , even after that you have committed countless crimes , yet you have the guts to complain that we kicked you out of our country during the revolution ? 
  unlike turkey where there are no greeks left , there are still muslims here ( turks , romani , pomaks ) and many actually , more than 250.000 and we respect them . 
  where are the greek speakers of turkey ? 
  you genocided them . 
  do greek people really want to ridicule themselves ? 
  but seriously , i doubt that people here actually said `` yeah , we 're trustworthy '', 
  visiting as a tourist in summer will definitely not look that bad, 
  i personally do n't give a shit if turks are fascists or kemalists or whatever . 
  they illegally occupy cyprus and they oppress the kurds for so fucking long . 
  this country is a bad neighbor . 
  and they also deny a genocide they committed, 
  your people voted for him but you blame georgians lol it 's not even confirmed that he 's an ethnic georgian . 
  i wish i will be alive the day that kurds gain their independence from turkey , you oppressed them for too long . 
  says the genocide denier . 
  btw georgians kicked your asses :d, 
  of course , but history is history, 
  it 's mostly serbs who deny this fact . 
  serbs played a major role in the fall of the byzantine empire due to the byzantine-serbian wars, 
   calling janissaries loyal is like calling child suicide bombers today loyal come on , there were some exceptions , but janissaries were one of the most loyal troops of the ottoman army . 
  that 's very known . 
  janissaries and child suicide bombers have something in common though : they are/were both brainwashed to an extent they would give their life for those who brainwashed them, 
  i know , it was mostly a joke , it 's pretty obvious that slavic looking turks descend from muhacirs from places like bosnia , novi pazar etc, 
  i 'm aware of the rebellions that serbs started , you were n't the only ones though . 
  every nation had it 's fair share i focused to the fact that serbs sided with the turks in the most important battle of their history , which is not a minor part, 
  yeah . 
  i did n't imply that i 'm not aware of that, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fall_of_constantinople check the `` strength '' panel . 
  serb cavalry was with the ottomans . 
  also in greek history class we 're also taught who helped the byzantines and who fought against them . 
  serb princes fought on the ottoman side, 
   i mean , if you were n't trolling you would know no one went to become a jannissary voluntarily . 
  i know that .
