  you are pontic and call others hellenized ? 
  pontic people used to be called ` turks ' by local greeks . 
   so you are against claiming the southern part of albania which is majority greek or parts of asia minor/thrace , as there are people in greece who come from there and are essentially living in exile , forced out of their lands ? 
  yes . 
  can you speak greek ? 
  you talk as if really all northern greeks are hellenized slavs , while that 's not true at all . 
  of course there are a lot of people with slavic ancestry . 
  all balkan peoples , including yours , use greek names like ` filip ' and ` aleksandar ' . 
  no one cares . 
  true . 
  this szentkristof guy is a turk with a greek flair , not a greek . 
  there is that guy here who says that his father is `` ethnically greek '' from izmir , lol . 
  ca n't exactly remember his username , swiss_kebab or something . 
  i know a turk who has told me that there are a lot of self-hating turks like that . 
  all i see on reddit is turks lying that they are of greek descent , that they are perfectly european etc. . guess who has complexes . 
  are the europeans of today `` obsessed with the skull shapes of peoples '' ? 
  no , he just found his daily chance to project his inferiority complex at us . 
  we like spain, 
   they were here since forever . 
  nope . 
  they already found their chance to blame kurds , lol . 
  and `` probably '' ? 
  this is in turkey , so he 's probably a turk . 
  we do n't want them . 
  a region in serbia , [ sandzak ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sand%c5%beak ) is majority bosniak , therefore muslim . 
  there are also 2 regions in southern serbia that are majority muslim as well , presevo and bujanovac . 
  in greece , women do n't use head coverings in the church . 
  some old women do . 
  nationalist organization who was an ally of hitler during ww2 and hunted down jews . 
  an example : ** when the pogrom began in ia\u0219i on 27 june 1941 , the iron guards armed with crow-bars and knives played a prominent role in leading the mobs that slaughtered jews on the streets of ia\u0219i in one of the bloodiest pogroms ever in europe . 
  that 's true . 
  but there are some really interesting things to read about what orthodox romanian nationalists did during ww2 . 
  they were even deamed responsible for the holocaust . 
  the organization was called iron guard , read about it . 
  so i would n't say that , for example , the crusades were worse than that . 
  where did you fell ? 
  ** oriental orthodoxy [ a ] is a communion of eastern christian churches that recognize only the first three ecumenical councils -- the first council of nicaea in 325 , the first council of constantinople in 381 and the council of ephesus in 431 . 
  [ 5 ] the oriental orthodox churches maintain their own ancient apostolic succession with miaphysite christology , [ 6 ] rejecting the definition of the two natures of christ ( human and divine ) , known as the chalcedonian definition , issued by the council of chalcedon in 451 . 
  over the following two centuries , one by one , they discontinued their communion with the adherents of chalcedonian christianity , [ 7 ] and developed separate institutions that together did not participate in any of the later ecumenical councils . 
  ** tldr : the armenian apostolic church is independent . 
  hahahahahaha :d i do n't really get the point of his comment . 
  what 's the reason of saying x religious sect is better y religious sect ? 
  i doubt he knows the basic differences between orthodox and catholics . 
  i do n't think that the armenian apostolic church is orthodox . 
  and `` orthodox church of the gauls '' ? 
  first time i 'm hearing about this . 
  why do you think that ? 
   by the way , i find it comical that you repeatedly point out how the catholic church added new stuff that was n't in the bible , as if the whole of christianity was n't riddled with new stuff that was n't in the bible . 
  even the books of the new testament themselves are in contradiction . 
  the funniest thing is that he claims that orthodox have supposedly accused the catholics of modernising their faith . 
  never heard of anything like this , he probably pulled it out of his ass . 
  tiny strict laws regarding abortions they speak catalan, 
   greece is balkan geographically . 
  for the rest , no . 
  if you feel affinity with bulgarians or w/e , speak for yourself and not all greeks . 
  thessaloniki is majority pontian . 
   i think you are a bit confused or you dont go outside of your home very much . 
  where do you see the confusion ? 
  you say that greece is balkan , and i want you to answer : ** do most greeks associate greece with bulgaria and fyrom ? 
  ** ( both balkan countries )  and i am ignoring all the casual racism . 
  i 'm not being racist anywhere . 
  you know the opinion of the average pontian greek , not the average greek . 
  so talk for yourselves , not for greece . 
  no one in greece associates the country with fyrom and turkey , only pontians like you do . 
   you 're not that different from the other balkan states . 
  that 's what you say , but people here think otherwise . 
   heck , we have less land than you in the balkans , 2 regions with clear non-balkanic influences and we 're still considered part of the balkans . 
  i personally do n't consider romania as a part of the balkans . 
   your average greek in romania or ( ... ) would feel at home . 
  greeks do n't feel at home even in neighboring countries . 
  i do n't get it , why is it bad that greece is different from the balkans ? 
  belonging to the geographic part of the peninsula does n't make for similarities . 
  greeks consider greece to be a different entity from the balkans . 
  transnistria is a breakaway republic created by russia to secure russian interests in the area . 
  it should be considered moldovan territory . 
  whatever you say , butthurt turk . 
  kinda true , but these people were all assimilated into a common greco-roman culture . 
  times are different now . 
   mexico and the usa are also very different but the 're both in north america . 
  my point is , is mexico considered north american ? 
  china and iraq are a really interesting example , they have literally nothing in common . 
   when you say `` i do n't care about what happened in the balkans '' you 're talking about the geographic area or you 're phrasing it wrong . 
  i meant bulgaria and serbia , which are considered hardcore balkan . 
  what you phrased wrong is saying that `` greece is as balkan as it gets '' , i 'm pretty sure that you yourself do n't believe it . 
  greece is considered a different entity from the balkans . 
   the fact that culturally or politically we have differences with other balkan states , does n't make us non-balkan . 
  and russia is a scandinavian country . 
  interesting to see you associate greece with the balkans . 
  10-15 years ago no one did this . 
  i mean way of life etc , very different from the balkans . 
  russia is in the scandinavian peninsula too . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.maps-of-europe.net/maps/maps-of-balkans/large-regions-map-of-balkans.jpg ) we have the interesting peninsula of the balkans . 
  croatia is balkan , but with beautiful architecture and a big coastline . 
  due to greece 's geographic position , greeks always had a different and more maritime lifestyle . 
  i 'm from crete , what do i have in common with the balkans ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.maps-of-europe.net/maps/maps-of-balkans/large-regions-map-of-balkans.jpg ) are the balkans , but i would n't include romania and moldova . 
  trust me , many cypriots do n't consider themselves greek , but instead , cypriot . 
  as the years pass by , a solely cypriot indentity is gaining power in cyprus , rather than a greek one . 
  it 's not . 
  he 's turkish , denying the armenian genocide is like a policy there .
