   then again , you were saved by the west from communism and thus you are a bit more advanced than us today . 
  i had a conversation with a romanian guy on this sub like 1 hour ago about pretty much the same topic . 
  i seriously find it weird , historically they have been our allies but who knows , maybe it 's the crisis and the rise in populism due to tsipras . 
  i ca n't explain it . 
  i think it 's tsipras and his populist ideology , but still , he is not liked anyway . 
  thanks , i 'll try it later, 
  it is a history of wars , bloodshed , invasions etc. 
  it 's not that i do n't like turks , but our history does n't make us similar . 
  i 'm from a cellphone , do you know how do i do this ? 
  slovenia , kosovo , bulgaria and greece chose russia ? 
  that 's weird, 
  i really do n't want this discussion to get serious . 
  i did n't , is it possible to send proof ? 
  lol, 
  keep telling that to yourself , it 's always turks who say weird stuff like that . 
  are y' all in a campaign to feel more european or something ? 
  i wo n't downvote you , i just think you 're wrong . 
  i do n't feel similar with them . 
  turkey is a `` progressive '' version of iran, 
   who did what ? 
  bosnia is the eu 's puppet state , it 's even enshrined in the law . 
  look up the office of the high representative . 
  bosnia was n't eu 's puppet state during the war  yeah , no . 
  most of the crimes happened during the bombing . 
  i do n't think serbia was bombed for no reason . 
  milosevic was given an ultimatum but he ignored it, 
  you did similar stuff in bosnia , massacring the muslims in order to create a puppet state . 
  btw , the bombing campaign happened because the war had to stop , serbs were going to do pretty much the same things they did in bosnia, 
  i 'm very happy that you like greece and it 's people . 
  i can certainly say the same for romanians . 
  with all those troubles , hearing nice words is strengthening . 
  i have hopes in both greece and romania , maybe one day we wo n't have to worry about our economies and the bad neighbors , 
  i refuted your points by telling you that during revolutions innocents die and i do n't support the idea of greeks killing turks but it happened during a war times and also because the turks were seen as oppressors . 
  you are a country of 80 million people and threaten us , how do you expect greece to react ? 
  i 'm not living in the past anyway it 's mostly history we 're discussing here, 
   do you actually think all the lands greece now owns were originally belonged to greece ? 
  the land that we own now belonged to greeks since the antiquity . 
   in our point of view , you were the bad guys . 
  those muslims living in balkans might have lived in the area for more than 400 years but they were kicked off just because they were muslims ( either converted or born that way ) . 
  this is like saying all the current americans are the bad guys because they have been `` occupying '' north america for the last 300 years . 
  it is a very basic irredentist point of view . 
  i 'm not going to fall into that trap again , our war was for liberation . 
  but do n't pretend you 're the victims while denying a genocide , oppressing the kurds and illegally occupying cyprus . 
  you were always the bullies , so do n't complain when you get you ass kicked, 
  i wish to you the same , you are brave people , you proved it with kicking out the communist dictator ceasausescu and with all your efforts these days to fight corruption . 
  you have been through a lot, 
  trust me , the people who like russia here are the known religious fanatics and the nationalists like golden dawn . 
  we do n't like russia but we do n't hate them either , i personally despise their foreign policy . 
  greeks were lucky to escape communism and soviets that 's why some people ca n't understand . 
  romanians were not so lucky and it 's understood , russia threatens you and you do n't have good history with each other . 
  times were different . 
  i do n't justify killings of innocents but it was not rare . 
  you were the bad guys anyway , should n't have invaded greece . 
  where did you find the `` torture and rapes '' part lol, 
   no we didnt genocide people native to anatolia we assimilated them you did both . 
  whoever did n't assimilate in your culture was massacred , the lucky ones found refuge in greece . 
   anatolia doesnt belong to you as well . 
  i never said that it belongs to us, 
   where did i disagree with you , it 's funny doe , i 'm jokingly accusing you of being an albanian , and you 're immediately accusing me of being a serb , good job refuting yourself , sweet sweet irony there 's nothing funny here , you are serb while i 'm not an albanian . 
  that 's the truth . 
   and there are also some who support neo-ottomanism what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  hey , another serb who thinks that whoever disagrees with him is albanian . 
  he could also imply with that that he 's against thrace being part of greece . 
  so he 's not implying that he 's against an albanian state , he said he was against usa intervention in the balkans . 
  i do n't agree with either of you though, 
  i 'm not justifying killings of innocents , i 'm trying to get in the mind of a greek revolutionary who killed someone who he saw as enemy because of his religion and because his people oppressed him . 
  massacring innocents is not just , but times were different . 
  you can easily take as an example the massacres of italian and german civilians in yugoslavia at the end of ww2, 
  no apologia whatsoever , massacres were not rare in years of revolution and misery, 
  you are kinda right . 
  many turkish people could be descended from anatolian converts to islam . 
  thing is , muslim , turkish speaking anatolians who identified as turks genocided christian anatolians who identified as greeks , pontians and armenians, 
  vallahades were present only in macedonia , in the peloponnese and the islands the turks that were killed were turkish settlers . 
  mladic used the ottomans as an excuse for his greater serbia , cleansing bosniaks and replacing them with serbs . 
  greeks killing turks as revenge for ottoman rule is incomparable, 
  i 'm talking about greece , slavic muslims in greece were in the north . 
  in crete for example , the muslim settlers were turks from anatolia, 
  you really think that besides nationalists , a normal greek would want northern epirus ? 
  the dude you replied to is false at his statement , but there 's no need for you to assume that he implied that he wants northern epirus . 
  i agree that our government has played some suspicious games over there though, 
  it was n't a genocide , it is n't recognized as such . 
  it was a crime and i agree to that . 
  from wikipedia : ** after the members of the community settled in albania , the people 's republic of albania did not treat them as victims but took a very distrustful view towards them and proceeded with arrests and exiles . 
  [ 31 ] [ 32 ] the cham albanians were labelled as `` reactionaries '' and suffered a certain degree of persecution within albania , [ 33 ] probably because they were greek citizens , their elites were traditionally rich landlords , they had collaborated with the axis forces and they had been involved in anti-communist activities . 
  [ 34 ] ** ** thus , in the summer of 1943 , armed cham collaborator units actively participated in the nazi operations augustus that resulted in the murder of 600 greek villagers and the destruction of 70 villages . 
  [ 17 ] in september 1943 , similar cham activity resulted in the murder of 201 civilians in the region of paramythia and fanari and the destruction of 19 settlements . 
  on one occasion , the cham administration managed to exterminate the greek notables of paramythia . 
  [ 18 ] active collaboration was n't limited on the greek side of the border . 
  thus , in january 1944 , cham units were also active in albania together with nazi german forces , as a result 600 people were murdered in the region of konispol . 
  [ 19 ] though the wider muslim cham population was sympathetic to the axis forces during the war , many were not active collaborators apart from those mainly recruited as axis troops and armed irregulars . 
  you are illegally occupying cyprus . 
  do n't start the bullshit , yes i agree that the greek speaking cypriots are to blame for the troubles , but you are still occupying their island, 
  the pontians and the armenians were always in anatolia along with some other greek speaking peoples, 
  yes , but my ancestors were oppressed for 400 years and had enough with that . 
  do you admit that your ancestors were enslaving people from all over the mediterranean , that turks/ottomans tried to depopulate the greek islands through enslavement and massacres , do you admit that turks committed a genocide that they do n't even recognize ? 
   it was a bit more than that . 
  the coup was supposed to start by the greek junta , the greek speaking cypriots started the revolt because they wanted to unite with greece , a poor decision if you ask me . 
  speak for yourself . 
  they have already said that . 
  i have being called an albanian by 4 different serb users .
