  europe was a weird place in the 19th and 20th century . 
  greek dictators are of course responsible for the invasion of cyprus , but turkey is still there , occupying foreign soil and generally being a threat to europe . 
  at a time that even turkish cypriots want your army to leave . 
  turkey should withdraw troops from the island , greece should do the same after that and allow the island to be united . 
  a deal must be done to settle the whole thing once and for all . 
  is n't northern mitrovica majority serbian ? 
  give that little part to serbia and tell them to agree that kosovo is independent now and will never be a part of serbia . 
  it 's logical to give them that serbian part and the rest of kosovo remains as it is . 
  no , it was a good one , it 's just that i did n't knew what a cod is :d, 
  generalization . 
  during their arrival in greece many albanias received racism due to the fact that along with the albanian people that came , there were many criminals who managed to ruin the good picture of their compatriots . 
  things are way better now, 
  oh thanks for the insight . 
  but who is the dude referring to as `` cods '' though ? 
  one of their leaders , kasidiaris , is a morrocan looking dude ( probably he 's of anatolian descent ) who has convinced himself that that he is a pure aryan master race specimen . 
  what do you expect from them ? 
  greece is albania 's biggest foreign investor and we also support albania 's entrance in the eu , why are you being negative ? 
  cods ? 
  well , there are many albanians in greece so relations are better than you imagine . 
  i personally have many albanian friends , some were my buddies from day one, 
  says the turk . 
  clean your garden before you talk about your neighbor 's, 
  no one gives a shit that you look white . 
  european looking turks are mostly descended from areas like bosnia or bulgaria, 
  well , someone 's got ta pay the price of keeping you at bay :p, 
  portugal , you 're so lucky that your only neighbors are our beloved spaniards, 
  nah , serbs were killing innocent women and children , who btw were not desert people but slavic muslims . 
  i really wonder what turkey is up to now though, 
  shh , it 's always the bad americans / s, 
  it 's not bad though , ours on the other hand is lame, 
  yes i commented pretty much this exact thing earlier, 
   we just chose the right side . 
   there 's no right side . 
  religion is just a tool to divide people, 
  they did , and it 's not bad . 
  i 'm not judging them lol, 
   so your argument is lost . 
  not true for all the coats out there, 
  well i have read that they were christianized by the byzantines , that 's why they 're orthodox . 
  but wait , would n't be christianized by the latin church mean that they would have been converted to catholicism ? 
  that 's the first time i 'm reading this, 
  invasion after invasion , and so many wars . 
  byzantium was really weak at the time he adopted . 
  but it was used frequently way after byzantium fell, 
  yep , i read up a bit into the link , they likely adopted it after the byzantine empire fell, 
  i never said that they are not free to use it , it 's not like i care , it just caught my eye, 
  i know that , but it 's pretty much a knock off of the byzantine , that 's what i meant, 
  in the beginning serbs were christianized in order to be allies . 
  that did n't turn quite well in the end for the byzantines since as you said they lost a lot of territory to the serbs and were constantly fighting them, 
  i would n't say that . 
  saying that serbs have a lot to do with the byzantines is like saying all of the balkans have a lot to do with byzantines , which is not true . 
  serbs were christianized by the byzantines so yeah , their religion is a factor , but rather than that there 's no connection . 
  they revolted against the byzantines , invaded byzantine territory numerous times and also sided with the ottomans in the siege of constantinople, 
  well the primary religion in serbia is orthodoxy but there are several orthodox countries out there , it 's just kinda weird that they 're using a byzantine emblem since serbian history has nothing to do with the byzantines, 
  the german , austrian and polish ones look badass . 
  btw does anyone know why is serbia using the byzantine cross in their coat ? 
   south italy has more in common with greece ( ? ), 
  it is actually well known that greeks and south italians ( those from naples , campania , apulia , basilicata etc ) are very close genetically . 
  hence the phrase `` una faccia una razza '' that greeks say sometimes  but i ca n't explain how they got little common with northern italians  cypriots ? 
  was n't cyprus settled by greeks ? 
  how come they have nothing in common with greeks or arabs or turks ? 
  yes cyprus was settled by greeks but genetic makeup did n't change a lot . 
  cypriots are genetically closer to syrians , levantines etc than greeks, 
   they are n't going to be executed yes , definitely . 
  they might , you know , commit `` suicide '' after 10 days in turkey . 
  even if they are not executed , they are probably going to be treated like shit and get tortured without limits, 
  tbh i would put portuguese there too . 
  it 's always nations with smaller numbers of population that tend to be more `` patriotic '', 
  oh i see , i got confused there for a second  in my opinion turkey 's bad reputation is mostly erdogan 's fault and his voters of course, 
  it 's like the only thing you got from his comment is `` blaming '' the ottomans . 
  truth is , greece would have been better off under venetians than ottomans , that 's the main point of our discussion, 
  okay yes maybe view on turks here is kinda bad but personally i rarely hear someone say something really bad for turks . 
  no one says a good word but no one says something really offensive either . 
  also what ratings are these ? 
  any link or something ? 
  it 's not that i do n't believe you but i 'm interested, 
  greeks do n't hate them either nor like them tbh, 
   i am saying it again . 
  read about the first and the second morean war . 
  their treatment to the greeks are unormally inhumane . 
  or if we are going go back more there are other things as you know . 
  i have read about venetian rule and i know for a fact that the locals preferred them 100 times over turks . 
  they also built nice ports in crete and in my hometown we still call our port `` the venetian port '' sometimes . 
  i also read that greeks sided numerous timed with the venetians to fight invading ottomans . 
   jew killing hands i 'm not gon na bother to answer the rest of your comment but are you fucking serious ? 
  what did they did to us , may i ask ? 
  the ottomans were the ones who managed to ruin crete and greece in general . 
  yes you had the soviets : /, 
  some turkish foods and music influences are present in greece due to the influx of christian anatolians in greece over the centuries , not due to ottoman rule . 
  fyi , after kemal wanted to eradicate christians from turkey , greece accepted many christian anatolian refugees . 
  there is no influence by ottomans in greece . 
  after we took independence , people destroyed anything that reminded them of the ottomans . 
  anatolian christians who came in greece as refugees brought some things that had turkish influence in them though , like food ( mousaka for example ), 
  i 'm not going to comment about serbia because i do n't care , but at least in greece , marriages between greeks and muslims/ottomans were prohibited . 
  of course the ottoman high leadership had many christian wives but their offsprings were born and raised as muslim . 
  i 'm not saying you guys were lucky or something . 
  kudos to croats for saving their lands from the ottomans . 
  greeks were not in such a good geographical position and generally in a state to manage to resist invasion however and unfortunately they took control here . 
  exactly . 
  he just ca n't understand how disastrous ottoman rule was for greece .
