  not only armenians , but assyrians and pontics as well, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  do they have independence tendencies or are they fully integrated ? 
  that hungarian minority in the middle of romania is very interesting . 
  it is n't a matter of race or whatever . 
  it 's a matter of geography and french guiana is n't in europe so for example if someone posts a pic from french guiana here he will likely get downvotes because the place is not in europe . 
  and that 's logical . 
  i remember some dude posting a pic from vladivostok and that place is literally on the border with china, 
  i seriously ca n't understand why are people downvoting you . 
  you simply said '' ** that part of turkey is n't in europe ** '' which is the fucking case . 
  it 's not in europe . 
  yet you are being downvoted . 
  thanks, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  russians managed to disrupt peace once more . 
  stay strong ukraine, 
  as you were earlier informed , salamis hosts greece 's biggest naval base, 
  you keep ignoring the fact that taking photos of military bases/areas is prohibited, 
   after they were caught photographing a greek military base afaik that 's prohibited . 
  they would face charges for espionage even in the us . 
  i 'm not justifying that they were imprisoned though , they were just video game developers . 
  btw why did you even brought that article up ? 
  realize that as long as your government keeps being annoying , things like that will keep happening, 
  after all the provocations from your country , what do you expect ? 
  you bring shit like this on yourselves . 
  during that time accepting foreign sovereignty or cooperating with a large power of the time could end good . 
  this is not exactly the case anymore, 
  it 's still two different cases . 
  military occupation can have some different forms too . 
  it can be from a coup to a full scale invasion . 
  my argument is that austrians developed their conquered territories and that the great war could have been avoided with some simple thinking, 
  if greece was an underdeveloped shithole like it was after the ottomans left , then yeah . 
  but hey , greeks actually accepted bavarian rule . 
  greece now is experiencing an economic disaster but it 's a very different case . 
  why do you guys keep comparing two different situations ? 
  you 're comparing completely different cases, 
  use your little mind and realize that i 'm talking about history now, 
  of course they had a lot of will of freedom but in my opinion serbia would be better under austrians than independent at the time . 
  for example after greeks kicked out the ottomans , a bavarian king was invited and greece was mostly run by bavarians . 
  many years later he was driven out of the country by people who wanted control but the bavarian years helped greece better than being completely independent . 
  many people despised bavarian rule but in the long term it was the better option . 
  serbia was under years of ottoman occupation and was pretty underdeveloped unlike slovenia and croatia who were under the civilized austrians . 
  so the war started because some serbian dude killed an austrian prince , right ? 
  my question is : why kill a prince of a big european power while ignoring the fact that your country could prosper under his empire 's administration ? 
  the war proved fatal for europe and of course serbia who was n't ready for such things . 
  blah blah blah , you started all of this simply because i said that the ottoman empire was a joke . 
  why do you turks get so offended about that ? 
   i mean he even does not know the terms of accession of cyprus to eu but he makes bald claims about it . 
  because i never cared to know the reason cyprus was accepted in the eu . 
  also what bald claim did i made about it ? 
   whenever he finds a chance to shit on ottomans and turkey , he does regardeless of how absurd he sounds . 
  i do n't give a shit about turkey , i never made a bad comment towards turkey though . 
  the only `` bad '' thing i said about the ottomans is that they were a disaster . 
  from my point of view , it 's the truth . 
   medieval =  pike and shot era : / it depends in which period you consider the medieval to have ended . 
  and yes i might have stretched a bit but europe was developing heavily during that time, 
  r/askeurope you can ask that question there , it 's a sub dedicated to questions for europe, 
  the pike and shot era is considered a `` golden '' age as well . 
  it is when the european people started leaving the medieval behind them  well it might be awful but it was pretty effective actually ? 
  both in army and in government . 
  yeah but do n't expect people to praise the ottomans for this, 
   but they were n't fun to be a part of either . 
  that 's exactly why they were disastrous . 
  everything the soviets and ottomans touched became underdeveloped, 
  it was a joke , admit it . 
  all of europe was under a golden age , while the ottomans were taking 11 year olds away from their families to turn them into janissaries . 
  i 'm not going to get into the countless flaws the ottoman empire had . 
  also in those those city states it 's were the western civilization was born \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  they would have been better under the austrian empire than independent anyway . 
   to a once glorious empire . 
  glorious ? 
  that empire was a fucking joke, 
  looks like it 's in the mediterranean, 
  interesting . 
  his accent does n't sound slavic, 
  true , he speaks the language very well , i noticed though that his accent sounds like when a german speaks greek , i guess he was born and raised in a german speaking country, 
  i expected a comment like yours with all these romanian posts . 
  i think most people care about the situation in romania though, 
   some most of them deny it, 
  poland seems to be a religious and conservative country , rather than that i do n't know much except that here in crete there are some 1.000 ( maybe more ) poles , they are nice people and i have a cousin who 's half pole, 
  tbh made a mistake which i edited now , basically erdogan is distancing himself from europe but that could be me . 
  i get what you 're saying , but that was the deal under obama too , but no one ever said that usa are a threat for that reason . 
  in my opinion greece 's situation is similar with what the baltic is facing against russia . 
  things were not so serious , let 's say , 10 years ago but now that erdogan started playing weird games with post-ottoman treaties , i can say that turkey should be seriously concerned with . 
  but the most important fact is that he is trying to distance turkey away from europe . 
  i would n't say the usa are a threat , even though that trump is a complete idiot . 
  turkey is definitely a bigger threat than trump, 
  i have absolutely no problem either , thing is that you implied that greeks look arabic and that 's plainly wrong . 
  you just came here to troll . 
   you should not tho afterall you are just a christian turk i 'm not christian and not a turk either, 
  anatolian greeks tend to look very exotic . 
  you know , those people that came in greece as refugees hunted by kemal ? 
  i 'm talking about them . 
  ethnic greeks on the other hand look mediterranean . 
  btw , what is your problem ? 
  you 're a turk , you guys have a lot of iranian and arabic dna . 
  aristotle considered the greeks to be the `` ideal '' race due to the medium skin color , and afaik the romans had very a biased view on northerners . 
  similar ideas were always around apparently, 
  and unsurprisingly , there was someone that claimed similar but different weird stuff . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/giuseppe_sergi ) guy had his own racial theories , that the southerners were the superior race etc.
