  cases like this were not rare in those times, 
  do you know that cypriots share a lot of common genetics with the people from the levant though ? 
  i mean look at their geographical position , you ca n't really say that we 're as similar as serbs and croats, 
  how do you define ethnicity ? 
  [ the byzantines had it coming tbh ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_the_latins ), 
   iirc , the pomaks were also bogomils and this played a role in them becoming muslim and subsequently becoming their own ethnicity til . 
  but it makes sense , bogomilism started from bulgaria and pomaks are ethnically bulgarian/slavic . 
  we have many pomaks in northern greece  just cause they had conflict with orthodox serbs does n't necessarily mean they saw themselves as a different ethnicity . 
  maybe from the proto-serbs . 
  as we can see from the map , slavs did n't even inhabit modern day serbia at the time, 
  they were not serbs nor croats before becoming muslim . 
  well , some of them were . 
  but ` bosnian ' was already an ethnicity before the ottomans . 
  they were also branded as `` heretics '' by both catholic and orthodox churches , that helped them convert to islam very fast since heretics were treated like shit those times, 
  that schism proved to be fatal for greece/the byzantine empire in the long term . 
  greece was cut off from the rest of europe and had to stand on her own feet during the ottoman invasion . 
  it could n't . 
  it depends , the numbers of non-european ancestry in ukraine must be really small . 
  it 's a stretch to say that there is absolutely no non-european descent in any nation . 
  for example , during the population exchange between greece and turkey , 1.500.000 christian anatolians were settled in greece . 
  these people came from non-european lands and are today perfectly integrated in the greek society . 
   i always said that scythians , khazars , huns , etc i do n't know about scythians , but khazars were turkic and huns were a central asian people  today part where there were khazars is ukraine mostly and we all know people there are blonde . 
  that 's because they have been mixing with the locals for centuries, 
   there was no country of greece at the time there was a greek nation . 
  yeah but the ottomans sold them , not the greeks . 
  personally , i 'm not butthurt about the brits having them , but it was n't the greeks who sold them . 
  they were sold by a non-greek people who had nothing to do with greek history, 
  greece and cyprus have their differences to be honest . 
  culturally you can say that they are kinda similar but we 're not the same people, 
  these people are a minority though . 
  `` religious ties '' ? 
  do you know that fyrom and bulgaria are orthodox too ? 
  do we have ties with them ? 
  religion is not dictating anything in the 21st century, 
  desperate people . 
  anyway , gyros was a greek `` invention '' during the ottoman occupation , it has nothing to do with you, 
  the varangians !, 
  they were said to be the best soldier in the byzantine empire , they were also used as bodyguards for the emperor, 
  why are we supposed to feel close to these countries just because of religion ? 
  i ca n't understand this logic . 
  greeks feel close to italy and the iberian countries spain and portugal , the countries you listed are not similar with us, 
  lol , that 's the third time a serb says the same thing today . 
  is this the only argument you guys use ? 
  everyone is treated with hospitality and warmth in greece , you serbs are nothing special . 
  georgia is culturally very different to greece , religion is not important anyway . 
  how did georgia come to your mind ? 
  i do n't give a shit if you like my tone or not , i 'm not being insulting and that 's what matters, 
  being against a war is normal . 
  do you have a source for the polls that you 're talking about ? 
   there is a shared sentiment , open a history book and it will tell you a story of two nations having close relations in time of need . 
  i have opened a lot of history books . 
  serbia is guilty for many massacres and the srebrenica genocide during the 90 's wars . 
  what times of need ? 
  it 's all political games . 
  if you want to mumbo jumbo about stefan dusan and ww1 , this conversation has no point . 
  do n't be a bitch , this is a discussion we 're having , if you have nothing important to say just shut up, 
  i did n't insult anyone, 
  it says `` not found ''  https://books.google.rs/books?id=9l6zayn27pac&amp;pg=pa312&amp;redir_esc=y#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false yeah , so ? 
  the greek public does n't support wars but it 's a big stretch to say that 90 % of greeks were active against the bombings , most people were simply neutral  i am talking about people who understand there is a shared sentiment between two countries in history , no matter if that knowledge is misplaced . 
  what i 'm trying to make you understand is that there 's no `` shared sentiment '' or something like that , it 's just hospitality and everyone receives it, 
  you are full of shit , really . 
  russia has used the same strategy for ukraine , there 's no reason to try to prove people like you wrong , there 's no point, 
  can you guys stop being trolls ? 
  no one gives a shit about you, 
  there was an invasion not so long ago . 
   also during the nato intervention 95 % of people in greece were against the bombing . 
  that 's what they 're teaching you in serbia ? 
  that 's a blatant lie , even a greek politician said on public tv that most greeks feel neutral about the war  why are you so against the notion of two countries having close relations and why are you frantically trying to disprove it ? 
  because we 're not similar with you . 
  we have no connection . 
  the whole `` friendship '' thing is one sided , greeks do n't give a shit about serbia , we have more important problems  also lol at the neo nazi comment , i 've been to greece a hundred times and was always met with warm reception when i tell them i am from serbia . 
  no one is going to shower you with love just because you are from another country but the sense of good relations is very obvious . 
  lol , a serbian user told me the exact same shit yesterday . 
  listen here dude , you serbs are nothing special . 
  everyone is treated with warm reception in greece . 
  everyone is treated with hospitality , not only you for fucks sake  and did you just go through my history to check if i am from serbia ? 
  no , i was just 100 % sure you 're from serbia because it 's usually serbs who say the same shit like you, 
  both languages are completely isolated , that 's the main connection . 
  albanian sounds sooo different really . 
  but you guys have borrowed some greek words , and we borrowed the arvanites :d, 
  sorry to ruin it for you , but we 're not friends . 
  firstly , the people that usually like serbia here are mostly nationalists and neo-nazis , as one user said . 
  normal people do n't view serbia as something important . 
  the military cooperation happened literally centuries ago . 
  greece kinda partake in the kosovo bombings because many nato planes came from bases in greece . 
  also , the greek government does n't recognize kosovo because of the cyprus issue . 
  our government will recognize it someday . 
  they recognize kosovo passports though since you 're a serb , why did you reply to the guys question ? 
  the question was asked to greeks . 
  many identify solely as `` cypriots '' tbh, 
  italy . 
  italians are considered our closest friends here ( i do n't know if they feel the same ) . 
  spain , portugal and france are also considered friends . 
  i think we 're culturally closer to these countries ( except france ) than any country in the world . 
  i know , that 's why i said that the connection is not with slovenian but generally with slavic languages . 
  again , that connection is probably minor, 
  an important source available are the slavic toponyms in albania which prove a connection we had some slavic toponyms in slavic populated areas in northern greece but they were changed to greek , still we have zero connection with slavic languages, 
  it probably means that albanian are connected with generally slavic languages to an extent , a small extent i guess, 
   it 's because that 's one of the countries where the people make us feel at home the most many people from all over the world who have visited greece say the same thing . 
  nothing special  and the greeks on reddit also disagree with you send me at least 10 links when greek redditors `` disagreed '' with me and then we can talk  90 % of greeks vote for the golden dawn and go to chruch every sunday ...
