  not necessary , constantinople is enough, 
  it depends on the country , orthodox majority countries are not all the same with each other . 
  so what that we have the same sect ? 
  i 've never heard of a priest wrapping a paint roller in the national flag here , or blessing computers . 
  how ? 
  why are you turks trying to blame the crusaders for the fall of constantinople ? 
  you sound fucking pathetic , just fucking admit it that it was the ottomans who captured the city and slaughtered its inhabitants and stop trying to fucking shift the blame . 
  i 'm tired of all the turkish lies in this thread . 
  `` the crusaders did this , the crusaders did that '' , just shut the fuck up you pathetic dumbasses , it was the ottomans who put an end to the empire . 
  neither of you knows greek history . 
  no one stabbed the byzantines in the back . 
  hostilities started after the latins of constantinople were slaughtered in a rebellion , known as the [ massacre of the latins ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_the_latins ) . 
  study some history first , before coming on reddit pretending to be a know it all , like that turkish guy who tried to convince us that it 's the venetians who are to blame . 
  you bit his bait . 
  it was the ottomans who captured constantinople and destroyed the empire , and that 's what matters . 
  and yes , the turks destroyed greece with their rule , it 's no secret . 
  i 'm from crete and the island was prospering under venetian rule , until the turks conquered it . 
   the real end of the eastern roman empire was in 1204 . damn venetians * shakes fist * !!, 
  we can argue that the empire was about to fall nonetheless , regardless of the sack of 1204 . 
  those who took the city and put an end to the eastern roman empire were the ottomans , end of story . 
  greeks were forced to serve in the ottoman navy as shipbuilders * . 
  not cheap at all , at least in a historical context . 
  nothing beats rome though . 
  the only ones who could have christian wives where the pashas etc. 
  if they had a kid , it would be raised as a muslim and as a turk . 
  the only ones who could have christian wives where the pashas etc. 
  if they had a kid , it would be raised as a muslim and as a turk . 
  do n't change my words , liar . 
  i said that a christian man could n't marry a muslim woman in the ottoman empire . 
  the greek population was in a dilemma at the time , stop talking out of your ass . 
  matter of fact , two byzantine emperors of the time went to the pope and negotiated to convert the greek population to catholicism . 
  sure , the poor guys were pressured by the turks . . they did n't want to take part in the sacking of the world 's richest city , not at all . 
  are you really blaming the venetians for the fall of constantinople ? 
  it 's not like the sack of constantinople happened centuries before the ottomans took it , right ? 
  why is it always has to be a turk who will blame others/change history in order to appear as the good guy ? 
  the venetians helped the byzantines actually . 
  erdogan is of georgian descent . 
  with some help , i found [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/329h08/oc_literacy_rate_in_the_kingdom_of_yugoslavia/ ) ( credits to / u/guildensterncrantz ) and also [ this ] ( http://mapsontheweb.zoom-maps.com/post/116630152960/literacy-rate-in-the-kingdom-of-yugoslavia ) as the sources for this map . 
  the occupation and influence of the austrian and ottoman empires are visible . 
  thanks !, 
  i did a quick google search but could n't even find this map itself . 
  it works imo , gives a good view about austrian and ottoman influence in ex yugoslavia . 
   for example ... literacy rate in yugoslavia 1931 . 
  i think the old borders are visible if you know where to look . 
  another example . 
  these two maps are interesting , i 'm posting the first !, 
   there never was a law like that just religious folk getting pissy with people marrying infidels . 
  it was pretty common though as well not a taboo at all once again you are misinforming people you are doing this shit in this sub all the time . 
  you should ease of your hatred of turks and look at history in a more objective view . 
  we get it ottomans were bad for greece you do n't need to bring that up when it is not relevant . 
  first of all i do n't hate turks , i just do n't like your obsession with some things . 
  intermarriage , as in a christian man marrying and muslim woman , was prohibited in the ottoman empire . 
  and in reverse , only socially high ottomans could marry christian wives , and their children would be raised as muslim/turks . 
  there was hatred between greeks and muslims in ottoman occupied greece , evident from what happened during the revolution . 
  why do you guys pretend that it was all good ? 
  just accept the truth and stop denying facts . 
  how am i discriminating ? 
  i 'm not going to answer to all of this , but if you think that anatolian greeks are all the descendants of the ancient greek colonizers you 're wrong . 
  i never said that they are n't greeks though . 
  when it comes to greece , i 've never read that intermarriages were easy going as you say . 
  encouraged or not , there was hate from both sides and something like that was rare . 
  the greeks were living in their own communities during ottoman rule . 
  it was n't sunshine and flowers . 
  your account is 5 days old but for some reason you say that i 'm ` getting triggered at everything ' ? 
  hmm . 
  it depends . 
  hungarians speak an asian language and that indicates asian migration to modern day hungary , but they do n't look different from their neighbors and genetically they 're very similar to them . 
   this is not correct . 
  a female muslim ca n't marry with a non-muslim apart from that they can intermarry . 
  this was rare since the only ones who could actually have christian wives were the pashas and generally individuals with a high social levels . 
  their offsprings would be raised as muslim and turks . 
  intermarriages between christians and muslims were prohibited in the ottoman empire , and these 400 years were the worst years for greece . 
  btw you lived together with various different peoples but for some reason you think that it was only greece ? 
  i 've never seen a turk claim that he has similarities with people that he 's actually similar with , like kurds or caucasus people . 
  as another user previously said , this is about y-dna , not autosomal dna , and has to do with population migrations and not the genetic makeup of the population . 
  that 's interesting , thank you . 
  why are these haplogroups not listed though ? 
  croats , serbs and bosniaks are more descended from balkan natives rather than slavs . 
  croats have more slavic genes than the others though , slavonia was heavily settled by slavs who invaded the balkans ( hence the name ) . 
  i did n't imply that , it would be impossible for the muhacirs to be more in numbers than anatolians . 
  but regardless of that , they have changed the genetic composition of turkey . 
  let me ask a question : do you know how was this map made ? 
  let 's say that it was made from testing individuals , these individuals were definitely western turks . 
  if you google about turkish genetics you 'll see that turks plot closer to azeris , kurds , georgians and armenians . 
  on different maps , turks have little central asian as well . 
  i did n't say that they are a majority , but they are in big numbers in western turkey . 
  i 'd say that you are genetically similar with anatolian greeks , but not all of greeks . 
  you wish . 
  yes but they imposed their language on anatolians . 
  later with the ottoman empire , many balkan people like balkan slavs converted to islam and when the ottoman empire fell , they went to turkey . 
  a big chunk of greeks is of asia minor descent ( pontian , christian anatolian etc ) , so this explains something . 
  they came here during the [ 1923 population exchange ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_exchange_between_greece_and_turkey ) . 
  in short , greece is more `` anatolian '' and not the opposite . 
  not only that , they claim that the ottoman empire had greek rulers because they want to make it appear more european . 
  of course they 're lying . 
   i read that ottoman state could hellenize since most of the top ruling class were basically muslim greeks do you have a source for this ? 
  the truth is that most of the top ruling class were n't `` muslim greeks '' , they were n't even greeks but they came from anatolia and various balkan territories . 
  and ` could hellenize ' ? 
  hellenize what ? 
  the official language was n't even greek .
