ffs now i realize that it will make sense for a greedy mind like putin 's to actually claim malta because of this . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i already know what the serbs did at srebrenica.i have watched a couple of good documentaries about this.it was horrible and inhuman . 
  now mr damir , you see that i 'm not `` justifying the massacres of thousands of innocent civilians because they were muslim '' , as you said to me on a previous post . 
  they were supported by the government as far as i know . 
  the description says it is a norwegian documentary though . 
  i agree that 's there 's no excuse for genocide.these people were monsters . 
  but why were albanian civilians killed?that is a big question i think . 
   well many of them also think that greeks are their orthodox brothers . 
  i 'm aware of that.tbh , greeks ( at least the majority ) do n't view them like `` our brothers '' . they 're just indifferent.nationalists do view them like `` our orthodox brothers '' and shit like that though . 
  i 'm going to watch it later if i get some time, 
  at likosane and cirez there were even albanian civilians killed . 
  `` later that same day , serbian policemen attacked the neighbouring village of \u0106irez and subsequently killed 26 albanians . '', 
  do n't try to depict serbs as angels.i already said enough about this topic . 
  at likosane and cirez there were even albanian civilians killed . 
  the serbs would have done exactly what they did at srebrenica if someone had n't stopped them, 
  i already posted 2 links about the racak massacre, 
  [ well it 's only kla 's fault i guess ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ra%c4%8dak_massacre ) the serbs proved at srebrenica what they were capable of doing , nato wanted to make sure this will not happen again . 
  [ what is this then ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ra%c4%8dak_massacre ) the targets were mostly civilians , not kla members.out of 45 killed ,9 were kla members . 
  lol so it 's only nato 's fault.the serbs started the war in the first place . 
  i really wonder how still the majority of serbians think of russia as an `` orthodox brother-ally '' . that 's like medieval mentality . 
   tl ; dr you support the massacre of innocent civilians , as long as they 're muslim . 
  got you . 
  that 's the only part i will bother to answer to because you are making assumptions.the year was 1821 . now we have 2016 . do you really think i support the massacre of muslim civilians?as i told you before , i have muslim friends and i 'm not at all biased towards people of different color , religion or race.we are discussing history now , not color , not religion and not race . 
   which empire in history * has * deserved the lands they brutally conquered ? 
  many historians will tell you that the roman empire in a way deserved her territories for various reasons , the most important being that the romans ( unlike the ottomans ) were paragons of civilization.they civilized and `` upgraded '' their conquered territories . 
   non-christians under the spanish ? 
  the [ reconquista ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/reconquista ) is pretty much christians driving off muslim invaders from their lands.reminds me of the greek revolution pretty much . 
   ah yes , how nice . 
  you 're justifying the massacre of thousands of innocent civilians who were n't `` invaders '' but had been living there for centuries because they are turks . 
  oh boy you are trying so hard.turks were seen as invaders.no matter if they had a rifle or 2 big boobies.greeks did n't like the fact that they were being invaded and that their lands were being inhabited by people of different religion culture and ethnicity.i do n't want to mumble so i 'll set you an example.if china decides to invade your country one day , you wo n't like it.not that they care.they will be demolishing your mosques to build buddhist temples , taking your kids from young ages and brainwashing them , making you pay high taxes while you ca n't even afford to live and blah blah blah.they will start bringing chinese people.a lot of chinese people.when you finally get your chance and revolt you are going to slaughter every living chinese thing around.because they invaded your lands and changed your everyday life to worse.you will be angry and take your revenge.end of story . 
   - `` never saw their family again '' that 's a point i made wrong and you still trying to `` teach '' me about my mistake.get over yourself . 
  i never said balkan people did n't convert.the majority did n't that 's what i meant.plus the fact that i wrongly said `` ottoman empire '' instead of `` turkey '' ( yet i edited it one day ago ) is n't such a mistake you made it to be.i just got confused . 
  you like it or not , this is what happens when you conquer lands you do n't deserve , taking young kids from their families and brainwashing them and generally opressing people.greeks were poor , hungry and desperate and that 's because of the turkish yoke.they were angry that they were being invaded.this is what happens during war.it 's just so fucking obvious that this was going to happen.turks were invaders and that 's it.this is how you gain independence from a barbaric rule.oh , and we 're talking about 1821 . these things were not rare . 
  what about the massacres of greeks?i guess you are not aware haha i 'm not even going to link them . 
   age range was 10-18 ( not nine ) we have a saying in greece for what you did here . 
  `` if it 's not pantelis it 's pantelakis '' hurrr durrr it was * 10 not 9 * no reason to continue a conversation when you pull things like this, 
  that 's why it 's funny.cause it 's true . 
  lol is this still a thing?ffs, 
  are you fucking kidding me?you compare the hapsburgs with the nazis ? 
   yes , you are , as this practice is constantly used by turk/muslim haters on this subreddit as a morally relativistic justification for targeted hatred towards them . 
  please explain to me how it was any worse than military conscription in any other empire on earth ? 
  i wonder what would you say if someone took your 9 year old son , converted him to christianity/any other religion different than that of yours , made him fanatic as fuck and made sure you never see him again.i do n't think the british or even the romans did that.plus you spouting whatever comes to your mind now , i have muslim friends and i never judge someone based on religion/color etc. 
   nope . 
  would you care to source that ? 
  [ turkification ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkification ) `` apart from persons , it may refer also to cities that were conquered by turks or churches that were converted to mosques . 
  it is more frequently used in the form of the verb '' \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5\u03c1\u03ba\u03b5\u03cd\u03c9 '' ( turkify , become muslim or turk ) [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] '' `` as the turkic states developed and grew , there were many instances of this cultural shift , voluntary and involuntary . '', 
  in byzantine history , turkifications were always forced , so if you do n't like the article i 'm telling you that . 
  they stopped caring because they knew it was impossible to convert so many people.i never said that they had a policy of forced conversion . 
  about devshirme : `` dev\u015firme [ a ] ( literally `` lifting '' or `` collecting '' in turkish ) , also known as the blood tax or tribute in blood , was chiefly the practice whereby the ottoman empire sent military officers to take boys , ages 8 to 18 , from their families in order that they be raised to serve the state . 
  [ 2 ] this tax of sons was imposed only on the christian subjects of the empire , in the villages of the balkans and anatolia . 
  [ 3 ] the boys were then forcibly converted to islam [ 4 ] with the primary objective of selecting and training the ablest children and teenagers for the military or civil service of the empire , notably into the janissaries '' i guess i 'm `` skimming '' articles . 
  conversions , at least at the beginning of the empire were forced , they obviously could n't convert all of the countries they conquered , but they succeeded in bosnia and albania.later they did n't care that much plus with all the wars they were in and all the revolts around the empire it 's obvious that they did not oppose christians and jews , they had bigger `` problems '' . 
  do you understand that they were forced though?at least the significant majority.oh , [ by ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/janissaries# ) [ the ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev%c5%9firme ) [ way ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/forced_conversion ), 
  i got confused sorry , i edited it . 
  okay sorry man i got confused i do n't really know much about kemal . 
  technically , the people who kemal killed were not ethnically greek , at least the majority of them.they sought refuge here because they were christian orthodox and were speaking greek . 
  i wrote `` persecutions '' . the population exchange was a different thing . 
  population exchange and persecutions against armenians and other anatolians are different things.or maybe should i say genocide about the case of armenians ? 
  no i 'm talking about the persecutions that happened during kemal 's turkey . 
  they did not manage it so good.even before 1821 , there were various little revolts going on around greece.people were obvious not happy.if greece , let 's say , was under austrian occupation ( i said that before but anyway ) , i will go as far to say that greeks would have completely adapted into austrian culture and a revolution would really happen years later of the 1821 revolution.the ottomans just wanted taxes and wars , while the people inside their empire were unhappy and planning revolts.alexander for instance , managed to hellenize most of the middle east , and it 's a historical fact that alexander 's conquered lands were seeing themselves as greek , i doubt serbians ever considered themselves as turkish , even though they were under ottoman occupation for centuries . 
  yes i agree i forgot about albanians.well what about those christian anatolians who sought refuge in greece?someone was hunting them and that 's why they left their homelands , no?times were different man.muslim converts were seeing as turks and left with the turkish invaders . 
  yeah alexander the great did that too.but guess what.centuries after that , the celtic tribes were fully romanized and were proud roman citizens.the same with persians , many of them adapted impressively into greek culture.there 's a difference with the ottomans.they failed on many sectors except conquest.no one in balkans and greece turned muslim and adapted into turkish culture ( except bosnia i guess ) . and those who did were forced to.that 's why the greeks revolted.they were poor , desperate and living under some violent oppressors who never gave a shit about them . 
  you are referring to different periods.pagans and heretics would get killed and tortured during medieval times.not during 1700-1800 europe.this is the period i 'm referring to . 
  well i exaggerated.there were many massacres though.but in terms of proper administration and public order , the ottoman empire failed . 
  i guess i forgot forcing people to become muslim so that they wo n't get killed then . 
  ps : i 'm not biased or something.this is the truth.i have no problems with modern day turkey and turks . 
  no , but i 'm damn sure greece would have been better under austrian occupation than under backwards ottoman occupation . 
  i did n't know that actually , but it makes sense.istanbul and eastern turkey are definitely worlds apart , at least in my mind . 
  i know that.but the ottoman empire worked only on what you said.conquest and terror.that 's not how the great empires of time worked.even the romans who were around so many centuries before the ottomans were more organized . 
  we kept much more things besides that.anyway , my point is that the ottoman empire was a tragedy for the balkans and greece . 
  it was a disaster man , i know, 
  that 's what happens when you exchange populations.it was the pontics/anatolians that brought turkish food here , not the turkish conquerors . 
  no we 're not.speak for yourself if you please.but anyway , greece is kinda backwards in some things so i guess that 's why you said that . 
  the ottoman empire was a joke.such a big empire and the only thing they did was wars and more wars . 
  til that it snows in sweden too , besides estonia . 
  you sound kinda butthurt, 
  same in greece, 
  the comments on the article prove that some people are so uneducated and ignorant . 
  brainwashed and stupid little fucks my friend . 
  i have a feeling that these people in southern albania claim to be greek . 
  i do n't really think they are greek.they 're albanians/vlachs who fell victim of greek nationalism ( that omonoia shit i guess ) . the only thing they have common with greece is orthodoxy . 
  that 's what i thought , romanian people here are really nice and cool guys , i talk to some that live around my neighborhood . 
  but on the other hand , there are many romas in greece , still the majority wo n't identify as romanian . 
  do you understand the reason i said that `` they would still die for ideas ** such ** as nazism '' ? because communists and their ideas were the same shit and had the same evil goals but with a different understanding of the world . 
  they seemed that they did n't really care when the girl mentioned that fellow nazis took innocent people and led them to death camps.plus , in the end of the day these dudes pledged allegiance to hitler , i do n't really care if they were patriots or not . 
  it is only logical that he feels terrible.it was war after all . 
  good thing is that there are not many nazi veterans who think like that left . 
  those who call bosnians `` turks '' are simply uneducated and think that whoever is muslim is turk.most serbs i met have blonde/brownish hair and are tall actually.plus dark hair do n't have to mean turkish ancestry lol . 
  croats , serbs and bosnians are of the same `` blood '' and look really alike , it 's the religion that split things up . 
  these men were so effectively brainwashed to the level it seems they would still die for ideas such as nazism . 
  yes , it 's clear that the turks killed a lot of people in anatolia , but those who are labeled as greeks massacred there are greeks in religion ( orthodox ) , in language and in culture.at least the majority of them were not of ethnic greek origin ( but still they were/are greek in everything ) . just wanted to point that out , not that it may matter much . 
  `` his troops '' ? 
  well not only `` his troops '' , since he was supported by the greek government and many greeks . 
  fucking animals, 
  not everyone does that and those guys who declare less than they make say that because they always have to blame someone so no one will `` look '' at them.isn ' t it obvious?they are liars man . 
  agreed , this map is not well structured, 
  did napoleon consider himself italian though?he fought for france and ruled as a french emperor , still i agree that his ethnicity was italian/corsican . 
  greeks calling themselves `` romans '' ( because they were roman citizens ) some centuries ago does n't mean that they had `` forgotten '' that they were greek . 
  that 's childish as fuck .
