  that 's the thing i see . 
  they were the ones that actually brought turkish food in greece ( like mousaka ) and not the turkish conquerors.funny is n't it ? 
  i do n't see turkey similar to us but anyway , i agree that iranian influence is more correct, 
   the dominant language has remained greek , but this does n't change the fact that cyprus has seen a completely divergent history from greece since the initial colonisation . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why i never considered cypriots to be `` greek '' . 
  they have a completely different history than greece , and only the language remained and that 's thanks to the byzantines . 
   your average cypriot looks noticeably different from a greek for this very reason . 
  agreed with that too . 
  cypriots look more like syrians or lebanese than greeks and that 's due to the island 's geographic position and history . 
  we accepted many christian turks in greece during the population exchange when kemal wanted to get rid of them . 
  i do n't know if you 're trolling or not , but better check up your history . 
  btw i 'm not christian, 
  i know that cyprus is not in europe . 
  the island was considered to be a part of levant and not europe . 
  but somehow cyprus entered the eu so people consider it a part of europe . 
  the case with turkey is different.plus cypriots speak a european language so it 's easier to view them as european i guess, 
  oh really ? 
  are there many christian families in turkey ? 
  anyway my comments point was that turkey is more in asia than in europe . 
  you turks have a vibrant culture with anatolian and arabic influences and you have no reason to try to look more european . 
  of course istanbul turks have a european vibe but generally i know of turkey because of it 's kinda exotic culture and i see no reason that turks would want to fit in europe . 
   people of greek origin not all cypriots are of greek origin though . 
  it 's not in europe . . why not just keep posts from istanbul here ? 
  what a stupid comment . 
  romanians are just as european as a pole , plus you 're not in a place to judge who is a real european or not, 
  romania is in europe . 
  turkeu has a small part in europe . 
  simple as that . 
  it 's not ironic . 
  mersin is in asia . 
  i do n't know how italians view us , but greeks love italians . 
  i guess the reason is because we share a lot of history together and that `` mediterranean culture '' thing, 
   they do n't have to change the name of their nation just to avoid triggering nationalist greeks . 
  i completely agree with that . 
  listen , i 'm not trying to say that our countries are neutral with no history together or whatever . 
  i have not studied the serbian war of independence and i did not knew it was helped by greeks . 
  in greek history ( even in school ) i studied that we were helped mainly by philhellenes from many parts of europe . 
  so i 'm not saying that serbs did n't helped , but that 's something i did n't knew . 
  in order to gain independence , ottoman subjects fought together , from example this is what ismail qemali ( albanian national leader ) tried to do : * the athens embassy of the ottoman empire reported that qemali negotiated with organization financed by wealthy tosks and greece about forging a union * so you see that the leader of albania 's independence movement tried to unite some of his people with greeks , although that did n't happen . 
   so please , do not fucking claim you know history , cause as you can see , in both our uprising and your serbs and greeks worked fucking together . 
  so again , you 're clearly very poorly educated in history . 
  yes because every single greek knows that we helped serbs at their independence war and vice versa / s what i 'm trying to say is simply that , without knowing about serbia , greece during it 's history has fought together with many people from different backgrounds , so i 'm not neutralizing the efforts of serbs . 
  yes we fought together at balkans wars , you are saying we have some military history which i agree you also should know though , that during greek war of independence greeks fought side to side with christian albanians and also many people from italy and central and northern europe , known as [ philhellenes ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/philhellenism ) . 
  afaik serbs and greeks did n't cooperate during 1821 greek revolution nor during serbian revolution . 
  greeks also fought side to side with americans , brits , aussies and new zealanders in ww2 . 
  that does n't mean our countries are `` brothers ''  so you 're either not a greek , or you know your history , very very poorly , greece and serbia have always been close , not just ` nationalist fanatics of red star and olympiacos i was brought up by greek parents in greece and as you can see i know greek history pretty well . 
  what i 'm trying to tell you is that greeks have fought side to side with many different nationalities , including serbs and albanians . 
  about nato bombings : they saw no reason to bomb serbia because serbia never hurt us , so greek government decided to stay neutral and they did . 
  of course greek people were not ok with bombing civilians but that 's not something kept inclusively for serbia , there were many anti-war demonstrations during the iraq war too when peaceful protests happened in greece against the atrocities in the middle east . 
  but truth is , greeks knew little about what was going on in yugoslavia/serbia and montenegro at the time and the atrocities of all sides of war . 
  i 'm sure greeks opposed bombings against serbia but they would also oppose massacres and ethnic cleansing done by serbs in kosovo if they knew the whole situation that was going on at the time in short , yes our countries have good relations but that 's not so much because ww1 . 
  maybe it 's the greek government refusing to participate in bombings , but it 's mostly because politicians and political goals . 
  so yeah , that `` orthodoxy '' thing is bullshit , at least from my perspective . 
  edit : minor corrections, 
  i 'm not going to say anything about that `` orthodox brotherhood '' thing because it was created by fanatic fans of crvena zvezda and olympiacos , i just ca n't understand it . 
  besides that , yes i think that greeks are more friendly towards serbs than other balkan nations like croats or bulgarians . 
  what was your impression of greeks ? 
  i have a serbian friend ( from srpska ) but we do n't discuss politics . 
  have n't seen him since like summer but anyway . 
  personally , i do n't think our countries have something particular in common rather than . . orthodoxy ? 
  i am friendly with anyone here and my comments was n't meant to be against serbia but rather against this politicians statements which i find really not necessary . 
  the fact that i support kosovo does n't also have to mean that i contradict how you view greeks . 
  i mean , just because our government decided to not recognize kosovo does n't mean that all greeks support this decision . 
  in greece you 'll meet many people who support kosovo , but you 'll also meet many who do n't . 
  most are indifferent, 
  i am not an arvanite and i do n't think arvanites have something against serbia . 
  i guess your comment is just a troll attempt , because if you think that people of albanian descent like the arvanites you referred to dislike serbia or something , then you 're just stereotyping people easily . 
  disputes like kosovo are discussed mostly on the internet anyway . 
  i never heard/overheard greeks talk about serbia or kosovo, 
   serbian fm says recognition of ` republic of macedonia ' was ` foolish ' no one gives a fuck , it 's been years so why is he making that statement now ? 
  from his words it 's obvious what he 's trynna say . 
  i hope greek politicians stop listening to idiots like him and finally recognize kosovo because , mr dacic , no one cares about all those monasteries either . 
   but we went and gave our brothers the greeks that 's straight out of youtube comments . 
  what brothers is he talking about ? 
  this ai n't the stone age dude to clarify , i have no problem with serbs and serbia in general . 
  it 's simply the fact that this dude brought up that stupid name dispute so that the greek government does n't change it 's opinion about the kosovo dispute or something . 
  i personally do n't care how fyrom is called or if they have `` macedonia '' in their name , but i 'm pro-kosovo and i really want to see my country recognize it , so statements like this are not so likeable, 
  for some reason the first portuguese flag looks like a flag that was used by greeks for coat of arms, 
  what 's up with the dark blue in northern germany and the light blue in central poland ? 
  some guy said it 's a made up map from 4chan . 
  i agree, 
  that 's a lie that 's actually easy to believe because it 's fascinating . 
  they 're just an indo-european population that has being there for centuries, 
  seriously the serbian and russian are inaccurate as fuck . 
  `` we love these guys '' fits better to italy or france, 
  it 's kinda inaccurate . 
  only a full religious guy would refer to russia as `` orthodox bro '', 
   because it was a cheap geopolitical move by usa only to counter russia 's influence in the balkans and give them the ability to have a say in the region but albanians in kosovo wanted independence for years . 
  that 's more important . 
  i seriously have never discussed this with family or friends . 
   i certainly do why ? 
   feel free to make a question in r/greece about the subject if you want . 
  our subreddit is pretty well balanced in terms of ideologies and i 'm sure that you 'll get some very informed and rounded answers . 
  i have read opinions in r/greece about kosovo and indeed they seemed balanced, 
  oh , that stupid name dispute once again . 
  if both parties were n't so petty this would have been solved years ago, 
   because it will alienate a huge part of their voting blocs and no political leader want to see his party shrinking and lose parliament seats . 
  i do n't think the average greek would care if the greek government recognizes kosovo, 
  i ca n't understand the cypriot one,
