  why is it ` one of the most silly things to say ' ? 
  from what i know , when they arrived in greece from the population exchange , the local greeks did n't consider them as greeks . 
   there was no greece until 19th century what does this have to do with anything ? 
  it 's the 21st century now , and a greek identity was always present . 
  someone who is raised in greece , speaks greek and considers himself a greek , is a greek for me . 
  trump 's chief of staff is not greek . 
  his name is reince priebus , he 's born and raised in the us , he does n't speak greek , his father is of german and english descent , from what i see on wikipedia his mother is of greek descent and was born in sudan, 
   very presumptious of you op ( who still has n't answered where you live ) he 's probably turkish . 
  attacking flairs is ridiculous and makes you look like a dumbass . 
  some turkish users are always trying to compare themselves to greeks , which is ridiculous . 
   what the hell do you mean ? 
  what i mean is that the guy is taking about some other greek users , not you . 
  is it so hard to understand ? 
   mindarelo seriously , you are attacking turks every chance you get were did you got that from ? 
  i 've never been aggressive to no one on this sub , i just pointed out some troll attempts by turkish users . 
  and you should better not talk , you have engaged in arguments with all kinds of users here and always got called out for that . 
   for all that is holy stop using `` we '' every time you start your shit as if you represent all of us . 
  the dude i was replying to used plural first . 
   you do realise greek dna makes up a part of what you collectively describe as `` anatolian '' . 
  not true , anatolian dna is close to armenian . 
   also look at what you 're saying and claiming . 
  that apparently we are insecure and feel desperate so we are trying to say we are greek . 
  i ca n't believe have blatantly racist you are being . 
  i 'm not racist at the slightest . 
  i 'm telling you what i have noticed some turkish users doing , and that 's what they did . 
  it 's not racist to point that out . 
   why do you have such a problem with turkish people , mostly from the western/aegean coastal areas having greek admixture ? 
  they do n't have greek admixture . 
  western turks are at a big extent descended from muslims from albania , bosnia and bulgaria . 
  after the ottoman empire fell , many muslims from those 3 countries settled in western turkey . 
  he was n't talking about you , but some other users . 
   and yes you are racist give some good reasoning you dumbass . 
  racism is a disease . 
   i 've noticed greek users on here getting offended when being compared to a turk . 
  that 's an agenda some turkish users try to push . 
  they seem desperate to be compared to greeks , i ca n't understand why . 
  greek users do n't get offended , we just find it ridiculous . 
   i also noticed you are the same guy who had to `` anatolian not greek '' when referring to turkish people having greek dna . 
  because that 's the truth . 
  turks are of anatolian stock , are you denying that ? 
   is it an offensive thing to greeks to say that turks are similar to them , are you guys really that racist ? 
  as i already told you , we find it ridiculous . 
  i have noticed that more than 5 turkish users on this sub have commented weird things like comparing themselves to greeks . 
  are you guys doing that because you feel insecure ? 
  we 're not racist at all , just because you disagree with us does n't mean that you have to label us as ` racist ' . 
  it 's offensive . 
  i hate racism . 
  i find the turkish people to be friendly and normal ( at least the non-nationalistic ones ) . 
  i do n't have a problem with you . 
  it 's just that i have noticed that some turkish users on reddit are desperately trying to portray themselves similar to greeks . 
  you were trolling . 
  i have noticed that there are some other turkish users that comment similar stuff like that . 
   anyway , a lot of turks today do probably have a considerable greek or armenian dna anatolian , not greek . 
  tasteless troll attempt . 
   turkish surnames are common even in greeks from mainland ex . 
  \u03a4\u03c3\u03b5\u03bb\u03af\u03ba\u03b7\u03c2 is a common surname that is actually a turkish word : celik . 
  my point was that people who have names like this are actually anatolian . 
   as i said dig deeper , much deeper than a lecture presented by one historian . 
  else you 'd come to believe than what happened in smyrna was an `` uncontrolled crowding '' . 
  do you want me to send you another source ? 
  also , it 's ridiculous that you try to compare this to what happened in smyrna . 
   what really matters though is that they themselves had a strong greek ethnic feeling . 
  that alone is enough by any standards . 
  i agree , i 'm just saying that they were ethnically albanian , not greek . 
  they were christian orthodox albanians who were assimilated in greece . 
  kemalists are very nationalistic actually . 
  they hate kurds and arabs and blame them for turkey 's bad situation . 
  they are genocide deniers as well ( not that their opponents in turkey are n't ) . 
  baklava was brought to greece by anatolian refugees from the population exchange , not by turks . 
   the fact that they spoke an albanian dialect or having albanian surnames tells nothing . 
  who are you kidding ? 
   and many more greeks from asia minor or even in the mainland still have turkish surnames . 
  those who have turkish surnames are the anatolians , not those from the mainland . 
   they all had ( arvanites included ) strong ethnic greek consciousness . 
  i agree . 
  the reason they had a strong ethnic greek consciousness is because they were for centuries in greece though . 
  ethnically speaking , they were albanian . 
   check your sources and dig deeper . 
  [ watch it and educate yourself . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/mw2xzmtb5w0 ), 
   arvanites were speaking albanian but were n't ethnic albanians . 
  their mother tongue was albanian and you think that they were not albanians ? 
  they were ethnic christian orthodox albanians who were assimilated by greeks . 
  i mean seriously , the arvanite language is an albanian dialect . 
  their surnames are albanian . 
  it 's not a `` myth '' . 
  wrong sub . 
  toulaxiston svhse to 2o meros tou sxoliou sou re malaka thrasivula , mhn mas ntropiazeis olous tous ellhnes edw, 
  do you really think that serbia was bombed because someone got a ` hard on ' ? 
  thousands of innocent people died by serbian hands in the 90 's . 
  the war had to stop . 
   nice argument there . 
  i am italian too , btw . 
  i think i know pretty well how my country is similar to france . 
  i 'm greek too as well . 
  i also think that i know my country pretty well too . 
   you keep repeating the same shit , without ever providing any proof of what you are saying . 
  for what exactly do you want proof ? 
   something you are clearly unable to do . 
  i do n't need to change my comments since i did n't insult anyone .
