  you are not assimilated yet imo . 
  edit : he edited his comment and changed it completely hours after i answered . 
  wrong . 
  greece is an islamic culture , whether you like it or not . 
  you say we are middle easterners but at the same time you want to sneakily disregard islam ? 
  not going to work , greeks are orthodox muslims and our women wear hijabs . 
  we have nothing to do with persians , they are shias . 
  btw study some history , the byzantine empire was built on roman laws and structure . 
  and you have nothing to do with it as an easterner , the italians are the succesors . 
  you should claim the ottoman empire . 
  ` eastern ' culture is either defined as middle eastern or eurasian ( like russian or something ) . 
  greece is none of this . 
  ^ when a troll from the greek sub moves to r/europe, 
  so greece is included in this research but fyrom , albania , kosovo and montenegro are n't ? 
   the greek heroes at troy received young boys as a gift . 
  i 'm not surprised , there were not many tabboos back then . 
  what did he say ? 
  he deleted his comment before i saw it . 
  ohh thanks , now it makes sense, 
  i do n't get it, 
  that 's usually what eastern europeans and turks say about greece . 
  of course . 
  the general feeling is that greece is the heir of the byzantine empire . 
  it was a european empire that ruled asian lands . 
  ( i know that you 're being ironic burak ), 
  `` leftist '' turks are so funny . 
  they call western organizations as ` hypocrites ' but they are so damn desperate to make us believe that turkey is a part of the west . 
  not victim complex at all . 
  it 's you who ca n't accept the truth . 
   it 's pretty funny because compared to other imperial/colonial powers the ottomans were relatively tolerant/progressive for their time . 
  typical turkish argument . 
  `` the ottomans were tolerant '' . 
  no , they were n't , and their rule destroyed greece . 
  they were soooo tolerant that greeks revolted with the first chances they got , and that 's before 1821 . 
   it could even be argued that you greeks owe the continued existence of your culture today to the past good will of the turks who did n't erase your culture like what the british or french did in large parts of africa and the americas . 
  another typical turkish argument . 
  what has colonial rule in africa have to do with greece ? 
  your ottomans destroyed greece , end of story , stop finding stupid excuses . 
   my point here is that you should just accept the fact that greeks have behaved just as barbarically as the ` barbaric turks ' lies . 
  greece is not responsible for 3 genocides , or for any genocide . 
   do n't drag cyprus in your alternative-reality culture-wars role-play game . 
  none of you crusaders and counter-crusaders do us any favours with your meddling . 
  but he 's right that the greek cypriots did n't commit any genocide . 
  why are you so toxic and ungrateful to someone who supports your country ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  how ? 
  how did you help them in the 90 's ? 
  the guy is not even greek btw . 
   greece also deported muslims as a whole . 
   ... am i supposed to be thankful or something ? 
  no , but you should n't claim that greece expelled all turks . 
  most turks left during the population exchange anyway . 
   your government still refuses to call them turks btw . 
  that is stupid tbh , but they 're probably doing it because they do n't want turkey to have claims on greece based on a minority . 
   which was an italian holding during the exchange , therefore not bound by it since it was n't under greek jurisdiction . 
  the turks were n't expelled when it came under greek jurisdiction . 
  there is a minority of turks in rhodes too . 
   greece also deported muslims as a whole . 
  do n't spread misinformation , there are still turks , bulgarian muslims and roma muslims in northern greece . 
  but yes , most muslims were expelled because of the ottoman occupation , times were different . 
   even turkish christians were deported to greece for whatever reason , even though they are n't greek . 
  indeed , it is well known in greece that some of the christian anatolian refugees that came here from the population exchange of 1923 did n't know a word of greek . 
  do n't give attention to him , i mean the guy is either trolling or dodges the truth . 
  and he also pretends that he does n't care about genetics when in order to say that arvanites were not of albanian descent , he says that they were greeks who were assimilated to albanians , lol . 
  so you pretend that you do n't care about genetics yet you do n't like hearing that arvanites were of albanian descent ? 
  yes , he has turkish roots , he is a dutch-turk actually . 
  i agree that we should n't add ethnicities into old empires , just replied to that dude who thought that the bulgarian empire was turkic . 
  only the ruling class was turkic . 
  this is just a perfect comment tbh, 
  i speak for myself , not for every greek . 
   you are actually happy that our yearly pride parade interrupted by police last year are n't you ? 
  as if i know what happened last year in turkey 's parade . 
   i bet overall you love erdolf too . 
  no , that 's what most of your country does . 
   well unfortunately for you its true . 
  which of our middle eastern neighbours have annual lgbt pride parades ? 
  what 's the point of having lgbt parades when police violence is the result ? 
   enjoy my little golden dawn bro 'cause im sure you are very pro gay rights . 
  fuck golden dawn and yes , i 'm very pro gay rights . 
   just like `` most greeks are lazy asses '' , something that one does not say/should not say . 
  that sterotype has been proven wrong . 
   `` if you come from a certain country and lie/bullshit about a certain country , i 'll of course seek a negative intention . '', 
  so since i 'm lying , what 's the reality ? 
  that most turks condemn this ? 
   next time do not speak for the entire nation , malaka  i said most , do n't pretend that you did n't understood it . 
   our western borders are too salty though . . `` if you are from a certain country and say something that i perceive as negative about my country , you 're salty '' . 
   and do not also speak on behalf of `` turks from reddit '' either maybe ? 
   that 's the impression they 've given me . 
  i thought turkey was a lake of tolerance and understanding bordering middle eastern barbarians in the east right ? 
  hey , that 's what turks from reddit told me , 
  most turks will say `` he was asking for it '' . 
  these ugly ass uniforms are used mostly in parades . 
   and they still compare as to or see us as nazis . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  this is not true . 
  it 's like me saying that all germans view greeks as some lazy south europeans . 
   but this wo n't stop the greeks shit on their neighbors and allies in favor of their russian `` brothers '' . 
  i agree with all of your comment but people who consider the russians as `` brothers '' are not that numerous , i 'm not worried about them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarians_in_turkey https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosniaks_in_turkey https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albanians_in_turkey, 
   still i wish you good luck agains erdo\u011fan 's empire kom\u015fu karde\u015fim !,
