  we like you anyway :d, 
  i guess bulgarian women dye their hair too much or something, 
  it says europe , but it includes maghreb , turkey and the levant . 
  i mean , we get it malta , you do n't like muslims / s, 
  cyprus is not geographically in europe, 
  ohh haha ok now i get you, 
   woah , cool it with the fake news dude . 
  i do n't get it , fake news ? 
  oh thanks !, 
  good . 
  i hope that this will happen in greece too, 
  what does `` knockabouts '' mean ? 
  both catholic and orthodox greeks are not really religious , they just say they 're christian for some reason :d except elderly people i guess, 
  did she led you to your hotel with safety ? 
  yup, 
  greek food is definitely mediterranean from every aspect.on general i would say that greece is a mediterranean country and not a `` balkan '' one , though that 's never discussed here . 
  if there 's one people in the world that greece and greek people in general are on par with ( in terms of culture and food ) that 's the italians . 
  also considering the history of greece , we were never on good terms with our neighbors ( that 's changing of course ) , and that 's another reason greeks do n't consider themselves a part of the balkans . 
  also what do you mean by `` the people '' ? 
  were estonians invited though, 
  the killer deserves to spend the rest of his life in prison , the others not , does n't matter if they were cowards or not . 
   if they just beat him no one would care , fair game in people eyes yup , the killer deserves prison, 
  why did he throw the firework for ? 
  no reason ? 
  it seems that he started it . 
  the killer should rot in prison but why did he throw the firework in the first place ? 
  from my point of view , yes . 
  they have a part of their country in europe but 95 % percent of their country is in asia . 
  that 's why greeks called anatolia ( modern day turkey ) `` asia minor '', 
  no it is n't because italy is mostly divided from the balkans by the adriatic sea . 
  in my opinion greece is not at the balkans too because only a northern part of greece belongs geographically there . 
  man please do n't call me stupid , but some years back i used to think that the romanian people are catholic because you speak a latin influenced language and all latin speaking countries ( except romania i guess ) are catholic.turns out i was wrong . 
  i do n't know about romania , but greeks are not so religious . 
  of course if you ask them if they are christian they will say yes , but it 's just cultural like the rest of europe . 
  i know many metalheads though , depends on your acquaintances i guess, 
  some people should understand there 's no point in all of this.just live them be , they 're a tiny little nation . 
  well it gives a different vibe to the photo but the dark photo posted is cool too, 
  depressing ? 
  that 's gorgeous, 
  why though ? 
  no way , theses outfits are probably anatolian, 
  i think that serbs want it back just for nationalistic reasons, 
  if kosovo gets `` returned '' to serbia things will go back to 1999 . kosovo being independent is a better solution . 
  i mean it 's pretty obvious that many greeks and general southern europeans have that `` mediterranean tan '' considering our climate . 
  though i still wonder how electro-n is still on this sub.he makes ridiculous comments way too often , it 's time that he gets banned . 
  or how the world would look like if pyrrhus campaign against the romans was successful :p, 
  well of course we do n't look nordic or baltic down here lol, 
  albanians were always being discriminated in kosovo . 
   there was no good or bad true but kosovo is rightfully independent , they deserve it . 
  chetniks sided with nazis , do n't they teach you that in school ? 
  why do we have to bring up her religion ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  [ he does n't agree ] ( https://westernwoes.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/ceasar.jpg ), 
  no one was united back then.the germanic and celtic tribes who were all over central and northern europe were fighting each other.are you seriously telling me that there was a sense of unity ? 
  there was n't the idea of `` europe '' back then . 
  for some reason it 's one of my favorites, 
  truth be told , it looks like a nice eastern european city.but it 's geographically in asia . 
  by your logic french guiana is a part of europe.also india used to be under the british , is that european soil too ? 
  a part of russia is in europe , yes.vladivostok borders with china and north korea though , how the fuck is that european soil ? 
  how is vladivostok in europe ? 
  the dutch and belgian ones look the same, 
  it 's not russophilia.it 's because greeks do n't dislike russia like many other european countries do.not that we like them.just completely indifferent . 
  there only `` connection '' with russia is orthodoxy.greeks are completely indifferent towards russia too.i do n't think that survey is accurate , at least about greece . 
  i always say this , i will say it again , the media are another reason this country is like this.combine that with the fact that greeks are easily manipulated , kinda like sheep . 
  he was english of cypriot descent , btw your comment is kinda unnecessary, 
  are these people on drugs ? btw , the average person in poland has seen more aliens than muslim immigrants , so we have another racist parade with the excuse `` europe is being islamisized '', 
   fringe literal marxist far-left ideologue syriza is neither marxist nor far left  you are in no way better than the hundreds of thousands of people who voted for golden dawn out of ignorance i actually am way better than those who voted for a party who praise hitler and nazis ( the nazis killed hundreds of thousands of greeks ) , a party whose aim is to kick every non-greek person out of the country if they get elected and blah blah blah , out of ignorance . 
  that 's a useful way for protecting the serbian `` minority '' / s, 
  i read somewhere that there were many germans living there before ww2, 
  unfortunately we had no other choice.not that we have now.but in my eyes , syriza looks like a better option than everything else . 
  most things that breath inside the greek parliament are jokes, 
  ottomans called their christian subjects `` infidels '' . their christian subjects called them `` infidels '' too.seriously christians did n't seem happy being part of that empire . 
  what if the 2 men in the photos have different professions/belong to a different class and make a different amount of money?the first man seems more upper class to me.there are a lot of different aspects that we must take into consideration when clothing in these centuries comes to the discussion . 
   clothing changes . 
  it 's like saying what 's different from 1930 's and today . 
  1930 and 2017 are not even comparable.do you think that clothing in middle class germany of 1634 had many differences with the middle class clothing wore one century after ? 
  why must the 1700s cretan clothing be that much different from the 1644 cretan clothing ? 
  i 'm pretty sure not many things had changed in those centuries in terms of clothing.plus you did not told me a specific date . 
  it depends on the region.dresses varied depending on the region.from where i 'm from , crete , think something like [ this ] ( http://st2.depositphotos.com/1006443/10130/i/950/depositphotos_101304242-stock-photo-greek-cretan-national-man-and.jpg ) . 
  in short words , the couple in the picture depicted as greeks are not greek.i agree that even their clothing is non-greek . 
  greeks wore a different style.the one that the dude in the photo is wearing looks like the persian ones . 
   if nato can decide to `` defend '' separatists in yugoslavia , they can decide to do the same in other countries . 
  actually nato knew that if they let the serbs do their `` thing '' in kosovo , they would have another genocide in their hands , pretty much like bosnia.so intervention in yugoslavia was necessary , you like it or not . 
  why is the `` greek '' man wearing that ottoman thing on his head?quite inaccurate . 
  this is bullshit , really.my dad swears a lot , has never prayed in his whole life and the only time he went to church was because of his marriage and his children 's baptisms.i once asked him `` are you a christian ? '', 
  and he replied `` yes i am '' . the question is : is he really a christian just because he identifies as one?the answer is : no , he is far , far away from being a christian.and guess what , most greeks are like my dad . 
  so why are you bragging that greeks are `` religious '' and sending all kinds of links like anyone gives a shit?the truth is that greeks are not religious despite the fact that they identify as christians like most of europe does . 
  so what does that mean?dna has nothing to do with this, 
  obviously it 's not something wrong and obviously we are n't a slavic people , but only a northern part of greece belongs in the balkan peninsula.so you ca n't say greece belongs there . 
  greece is not a balkan country . 
   they have this mentality that if you do n't take advantage of this situation ( aka steal and accept bribes ) you are stupid . 
  that 's not the case in greece.it 's just that greek people are sheep . 
  btw i would suggest that you should n't put everyone in the same cage . 
   much of the peloponnese was very underpopulated in the middle ages and resettled with slavs and later albanian migrants . 
  first of all , it was a priority for the byzantines to resettle greek territories by greeks.parts of peloponnese were resettled by greeks from south italy.the slavs invaded and eventually were driven off by the byzantines.only 2 slavic tribes , the meliggoi and ezerites stayed at the peloponnese.their numbers were small . 
  the albanians were brought in the peloponnese by the latins not to resettle ** all ** of it , but to resettle mostly the outskirts of corinth who had actually been deserted . 
   ( tsakalov ) we do not know many things about his descent , although he could be of slavic descent . 
   ( capodistrias ) most sources state him as greek . 
   ( botsaris ) i agree that he was of albanian descent . 
   epirots and macedonians with \u0393\u03ba , \u039d\u03c4 , \u039c\u03c0 , \u03a4\u03b6 care to give some examples?many macedonians have - idis in their surnames which indicates anatolian descent , i ca n't disagree with that .
