  and these lunatics pretend that they are defenders of orthodoxy or something . 
  i saw your edit , and no , i do n't have any sort of superity complex . 
  i just do n't like when people who are different to us try to associate themselves to us . 
  greece does n't have similarities with her neighbors . 
  and about that historian thing , a historian will probably say that the balkans have some byzantine heritage . 
  that does n't make you similar to greece . 
  i can feel your complexes from here . 
  the reality is that greece has nothing to do with your country or any balkan country . 
   greece was n't going to be under the ussr 's influence anyway . 
  that 's very wrong . 
  had the communists took power , greece would have been turned into a soviet sattelite , and our lives would have been completely different today . 
  it 's better that the british stopped them . 
  and you know that the word ` communist ' has very bad connotations in greece . 
   nobody wants to be like you . 
  i wish that was the truth . 
  but it seems that some of your countrymen along with other balkan people and turks are obsessed with greeks and are desperate to find similarities between greece and their countries . 
  leave us alone . 
  balkan man , i do n't know why you guys always want to drag greece into the balkans . 
  maybe to feel better ? 
  greece is not balkan . 
  [ this ] ( http://wikitravel.org/upload/shared//thumb/7/7f/balkans_regions_map.png/350px-balkans_regions_map.png ) is the balkans , probably except moldova . 
   i never heard someone talk about greeks as balkan . 
  well , that 's because greeks and greece are not balkan . 
  did n't britain enter the war when the nazis invaded poland ? 
  how are they are at fault ? 
  quite the opposite , they supported poland . 
  interestingly it was the british who helped us defeat the communists in the civil war . 
  what sounds turkish is serbian turbo folk , not this chant . 
   ignore him yeah , the guy is a troll but you 're not better either , spreading lies just to get some upvotes by turkish redditors . 
  do n't pretend that you do n't know that most greek people do n't have a good opinion on turkey . 
  i 'm not saying it 's hate . 
   chp voters are staunch ottoman critics , they hate the ottoman empire . 
  it seems that most turks in this sub are chp supporters . 
  they do n't criticize the ottoman empire at all , they actually defend it with fallacies such as : `` what about the british and french empires , they were worst '' etc. 
  there is no hate towards the ottoman empire in turkey , it 's actually the opposite . 
  but it 's understandable though . 
  back to who ? 
   i also do n't think it was a thing compared to countries like greece or serbia to me it seems that serbs have the same attitude to turks that croats have , i do n't think it 's that different . 
  serbs have a historical ` rivalry ' with the muslims of the balkans and not with turks . 
  the attitude towards turkey in greece is fairly different . 
  he is a troll . 
   now i got why there is this famous saying '' i would rather see the turkish tiara in hagia sofia than a cardinal 's hat . '', 
  of lucas notaras , a byzantine grand duke , in 1452 . 
  well , he did n't really mean it , so do n't get excited . 
  it was actually some byzantine prince that invited them in constantinople because he wanted the throne . 
  some british tweets , i do n't have link . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a serbian problem either , but if they want to cause trouble they should n't be coming here . 
   by serbs . 
  british serbs . 
  2 years ago some serbian hooligans went all the way from serbia to athens to attack some croatian fans near the airport . 
  there also seem to be problems between serbs and british tourists in corfu , serbs were attacking them in their hotel rooms at night . 
  but russia is considered eurasian from most people , no ? 
   little did he know turks on reddit do n't care about our ottoman `` heritage '' . 
  i have noticed the opposite . 
  turks always defend the ottoman empire when someone criticizes it . 
  they view it as something turkish . 
   it belongs to greece so we would call that island `` european '' whereas the mainland turkish coast a few kilometers away as `` asian '' tbh , you are a butthurt turk who does n't like that his country is n't considered european . 
  what will you guys gain if your country gets suddenly considered european ? 
  more points ? 
  your obsession does n't make sense to me , turks seem to have a very low opinion on europeans . 
  and yes , kastellorizo is europe while turkey is n't . 
  yes , they had . 
  east thrace is a part of europe , yes . 
  but the rest of turkey is n't , it 's simple as that . 
  most of turkey lies in asia . 
   turkey is a part of europe . 
  good one . 
  most people consider turkey a mena country , because that 's what turkey is . 
  no reason to be ashamed of it . 
  similar music and foods comes from anatolian greeks who came to greece from the population exchange of 1923 with turkey . 
  mentality is mediterranean , not something restricted to greece . 
   i do hope that greece stops looking west , and trying to emulate post modernist liberal western culture . 
  lol , as if being backwards is something ` eastern ' . 
  you sound like a typical european redneck from the middle ages , it 's not that you sound like a saudi arabian . 
  the catholic church was more strict than the orthodox church btw . 
  the byzantines were more ` liberal ' than their catholic counterparts . 
  what do you do n't understand from the words that ** greece shaped the western civilization ** ? 
  democracy ? 
  the fact that the roman empire was re-shaped into a greek model which made the byzantine empire etc. 
  the byzantine empire was western as fuck . 
  their middle easterner subjects saw them as western and called them ` romans ' . 
  greece is viewed as the birthplace of the western civilization , we 're not going to let assimilated armenians like you spread misinformation about us on reddit . 
  nothing wrong with being an armenian , but please talk about your country , and not for greece . 
  also , greece is turning more atheist by the day and also more lgbtq accepting . 
   the fact is that you are closer in literally anything to turkey and the balkan countries than you are to northern , central or western europe . 
  you wish . 
  but i do n't believe that we are close to northern and central europe either . 
  greece is a southern european country . 
  it 's always balkan people and turks who say that we are similar to them . 
  the reality is completely different . 
   turkey is practically very similar to italians and greeks besides religion and language . 
  wrong . 
  but it 's funny how in an attempt to europeanize yourselves , you always say that you are similar to greeks and italians . 
  in reality , you are similar with azerbaijan and iran but you do n't want to accept it . 
  but it 's not correct since britain did n't turn african after they colonized africa, 
  most of the middle east used to speak greek at one point . 
  that 's hellenization , spreading greek language and culture . 
  and some middle easterners started considering themselves as greek and not as middle eastern . 
  the whole idea of west vs east came from alexander 's conquests actually . 
  he hellenized people like you who now tell us that our country is middle eastern .
