  yes , you 're right . 
  i have n't studied much about armenia so sorry for my ignorance . 
  i forgot about the numbers of armenians in eastern anatolia back then . 
  but there were more armenians in the armenian highlands though , right ? 
  cohabitation with greeks in ottoman anatolia was mostly with anatolian greeks right in eastern anatolia afaik . 
  yes , and also because half of the lebanese are christians . 
  armenia had a different road from the byzantine empire . 
  the arab conquest , bagratuni armenia etc. 
  had armenia been part of the byzantine empire for long as anatolia was , then i would have refuted my statement . 
  besides , most byzantine armenians were in eastern anatolia ( modern day turkey ) . 
  if turks were christians , they would probably be similar to the armenians , not the greeks . 
   armenian seems closest to greek culture not at all . 
  probably they 're close to lebanon . 
  because the majority of you are genocide deniers , we know it . 
   we 've also been very close historically . 
  not really . 
  even in the byzantine empire there was n't much contact with armenia , even though there were byzantine emperors and officials of armenian descent . 
   nah , i downvoted for the `` i personally despise [ insert nationality here ] though '' therefore you 're a triggered serb . 
  he 's the sock account of stuffscrazy . 
  after stuffscrazy got banned , he has created some other accounts , i think all were banned and this one is his newest . 
   serbs invented the brotherhood in the 1800s , when we fought alongside each others against the ottomans . 
  it was n't only serbs and greeks who fought the ottomans . 
  it was bulgarians as well , and people from the levant . 
  if your argument is military cooperation , then greece has a lot more military cooperation with the brits than any people historically speaking . 
  greeks were basically fighting the ottomans way before the serbs were , not only during byzantine times , but during the ottoman-venetian wars as well . 
   at this point , when you say it , i do n't think anyone believes you . 
  but i somewhat agree with you , you do n't have a problem with serbia , you have problem with serbs . 
  stop trying to drag greece into stupid things and you 'll never see me again . 
  greece has many problems , last thing we need is to take sides in balkan conflicts . 
  greece did n't sent volunteers . 
  100 neonazis went there by themselves . 
  they arrived in srebrenica after the incident . 
  i do n't recall greeks fighting in kosovo . 
  do n't take his words seriously . 
  he 's a desperate man in search of ` brothers ' . 
  greece has nothing to do with his fantasies . 
  who do you think you are dude ? 
  i 'm going to answer the least stupid question - i 'm from crete and live there . 
  serbs invented that ` brotherhood ' in the 90 's because you were in search of support , since everybody was against your actions . 
  nationalists and communists bit the bait unfortunately . 
  before the 90 's yugoslavia was seen as another communist country . 
  the geographynow guy has probably experienced that behavior from youtube . 
  i 've never seen a greek , even on damn youtube , comment anything about that `` brotherhood '' . 
  it 's always serbs . 
  it 's very cringy . 
  it makes serbs look like paranoid and desperate people in search of attention . 
  i have no problem with serbia but stuff like this irritate me . 
  it 's not just a different opinion . 
  it does n't matter if he 's my countryman , the dude is stalking my comments and always replies with a very cocky tone , he also over exaggerates a lot . 
  he 's a second account of some other dude anyway . 
  and of course , he has been called out by some other greek as well . 
  belarus is an ally of russia , at least it was all of those years . 
   the difference being nobody was out to get poland why would that happen ? 
  poland is n't invading nor threatening neighbors . 
   the russophobia of this sub is unimaginable . 
  invading ukraine and georgia simply because these countries elected pro-western governments , opening concentration camps for gays etc do n't help . 
  your country was never under soviet influence nor has it been threatened/invaded by russia , so stick to your business . 
   ps : my grandparents are from thessaloniki , my family lived there for many generations . 
  no one cares . 
  as far as i know they are n't considered neither friends nor allies . 
  it seems you managed to switch accounts pretty quick you goon . 
  greece is not a balkan state . 
  we do n't hate them . 
  that 's a big word . 
  we do n't care about them at all . 
  i never said that we hate them . 
  we have as much as common with them as we have with bulgarians and fyromiams , which is nothing . 
  i 'm not being hateful at all , stop being an idiot . 
  i 'm not ` spewing hate ' . 
  use your words right , you sound like a 10 year old . 
  you have as much to do with the serbs as you have to do with the fyromians and the bulgarians . 
  are you stalking my comments ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  count them for me . 
   there are at least 4-5 different greeks you mean 3 . 
  besides , there are also 2 different greeks in this thread that agree with me . 
   the notion of a special relationship between greece and serbia and a feeling of attachment due to historical and cultural factors ` cultural factors ' ? 
  such as ? 
   within the context of an `` ever-lasting and existing friendship '' , the shared orthodox faith and byzantine heritage 1 ) serbia is not the only orthodox country in the world 2 ) serbia has no more byzantine heritage than bulgaria and fyrom . 
  people in greece do n't consider them friends . 
  i do n't consider them friends since we do n't have anything to do with them . 
  people in greece do n't consider them friends . 
  no need to paste your personal opinion on a whole country . 
   plus there is more to the greek-serbian friendship than common religious background . 
  absolutely not . 
  as one user previously said , there is no more a ` friendship ' with serbia than there is with any balkan country . 
  regardless of his implications , that 's his opinion . 
  calling someone a ` troll ' or ` butthurt ' out of nowhere does n't win you an argument . 
   orthodox nations that sounds stupid . 
  fyrom is orthodox too . 
   why are the serbs and greeks friends , anyway ? 
  we 're not their friends . 
  serbs started calling us friends in the 90 's for some reason . 
  people in greece do n't consider them friends . 
  he 's not a troll . 
  he shared his opinion . 
  serbs are not our friends . 
  i like romania but please , not this . 
  fyrom is orthodox too . 
  how did i ` demeaned ' serbia ?
