  but it 's the italians and the rest of the southern europeans that i feel culturally connected with . 
  and i never said anything like `` shit europe '' , you 're just making assumptions again  just that most people who hold your position are far-right , and its a far-right position . 
  so if someone says that turkey is not european is a far-righter ? 
  many normal people consider turkey a non european country . 
  but that could also mean that you 're influenced from europe as well, 
   you guys can consider all you want , i 'm talking about reality here . 
  your `` reality '' . 
  so speak for yourself . 
  i 'm gon na read the links later , i think that turks have a lot of anatolian dna in them but you also have iranian , slavic , albanian etc what 's wrong with that ? 
  the ottomans assimilated many bosnians , bulgarians etc  and you 're one of those greeks desperate to prove our middle easternness out of lack of education and a third world mentality . 
  i never said that you 're middle eastern . 
  if i had to describe turkish culture , i would say it 's anatolian with iranian and arabic influences . 
   funny that you are so ashamed of your balkan/west asian heritage that you desperately deny reality . 
  i 'm not balkan , i come from an island , also i 'm not west asian since i do n't have anatolian or pontian ancestry like many greeks have . 
  if i was , i would n't be ashamed though . 
  unlike you , i 'm not a wannabe and i know who i am  you 're not anymore south european than albania is . 
  the whole world considers greece a southern european country . 
  why are you so desperate to prove that greece is more similar to your dictatorship led neo-ottomanist country than the rest of europe ? 
  you seem obsessed , focus on you own life and learn to speak for yourself . 
   we are eurasian , no matter the barrage of far-right europeans assuring us that we have no relation to them i agree that you 're kinda eurasian but 80 % of your country is in asia . 
  and again , i 'm not even remotely a far-righter , i dislike these guys , calling me a far-righter just because i disagree with you is fucking immature, 
   lolno . 
  south italy maybe but you 're not closer to portugal then you are to bulgaria . 
  and who are you to say that ? 
  people in greece do n't consider bulgaria or any balkan country similar to us . 
  the southern european countries is where greece is similar culturally  bullshit again , you have no sources for anything you say and i have science on my side . 
  i can link you the studies if you want to be proven wrong , again . 
  then do it , send me a source  well , maybe you only hang around delusional fascists , but you clearly do n't know anything about your own people . 
  where did you got that from ? 
  your ass ? 
  i 'm a very liberal and open minded person my self , who are you to tell me that i do n't know my people you dumbass ? 
  you claimed that we are culturally close to countries we do n't even consider ourselves close to , i 'm pretty sure you 're one of those turks who is desperate to prove his `` europeaness '' and looks down on arabs and kurds . 
  just accept who you are for fucks sake , turkey is a place that met many different cultures and people through it 's history anyway, 
  russia has absolutely no reason to back greece up and wo n't do it . 
  we 're not allied nor have common goals with them also do n't ignore that russian and turkish relations are getting better day by day, 
  do n't pay attention to this idiot , it 's not worth it, 
  stop pretending that you 're the victim . 
  i agree, 
   you literally do n't have any foothold in reality says who , mr delusional ? 
  because greece is their ally ? 
  do you really think that the world will just stand and watch ? 
  he was joking . 
  sometimes though , separatism , or may i use a better word , liberation , ended situations that could have turned very bad . 
  i do n't see him complaining . 
  he just shared his thoughts, 
  the problem is that most of your country votes for imperialists . 
  we do n't give a shit about you , we just want to be sure that neo-ottomanist ideologies stay out of europe, 
  the majority of turkey falls for this , you should tell that to them, 
  uhmm . . no one said nor implied that trump is responsible for greece 's troubles . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  take it back from who ? 
   nobody knows the origin of vlachs , but please , do enlighten us some more . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  just do yourself a favor and at least google `` the origins of the vlachs '' . 
  it 's widely known that they descent from people who were linguistically latinized by the romans  jesus christ , that 's not what assimilation means . 
  integration = / = assimilation . 
  so people who are a healthy part of your society and speak your language as their first language are not assimilated ? 
   secondly , [ the vlachs were first identified in the 11th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlachs ) so ? 
  they had been there since roman times and way before , they were latinized by the romans , that 's why their language belongs in the romance group  and lastly , there 's a lot of vlachs left who were not assimilated , about 35 ' 000 in serbia today . 
  i 'm pretty sure they are fully integrated into the serbian society and i 'm also pretty sure that they speak serbian perfectly . 
  therefore they 're assimilated, 
  ok , whatever , i 'm not here to decide if he was of vlahic or serbian descent , a guy asked me for a source and i sent one . 
  of course not all sources can be trusted . 
  we must be open to all kinds of documentation though, 
  there 's no reason to deny any non-serb descent of tesla whatsoever . 
  since tesla identified as a serb/croat , there 's not much to say . 
  tesla was n't the only serb who was of vlahic descent . 
  remember , before the slavic invasions , serbia was mainly inhabited by latin speaking people called vlahs . 
  these people were assimilated . 
   there is nothing that proves any romanian descent i literally just sent you a source about his vlahic descent , i did n't say ` romanian '  and this source does not mean anything . 
  you like sources that only fit your opinion . 
  you can do a quick google search by yourself . 
  anyway , my google search gave me this :  nikola tesla was born in croatia , which at that time , lay within austro-hungary . he was born in smijani , near gospiae , lika ( the krajina , a military district of austro-hungarian empire , now in croatia ) . tesla was baptized in the old slavonic church rite . 
  his baptism certificate reports that he was born on june 28th , ( julian calendar ; july 10 in the gregorian calendar ) , and christened by the serb orthodox priest , toma oklobd ' ija . 
  ** it is interesting to note that he was a serbian , of valachian descent ** [ source ] ( http://researchomnia.blogspot.gr/2013/02/the-neolatin-genius-of-nicola-tesla_8.html?m=1 ) btw ` tesla ' is not a serbian surname . 
  in my opinion it 's obvious that it indicates vlahic origin . 
  i 'm not saying he was n't a serb/croat or whatever , i 'm just saying his surname is probably vlahic, 
  he actually is a diaspora serb , you got that right, 
  i do n't think he 's being serious tbh, 
  i do n't think i understand what you want to say with your comment, 
  judging from the sources , he identified as both serb and croat, 
   i mean , technically he was part of the istro-romanian population . 
  true , he was of vlahic ancestry . 
  were n't istro-romanians considered vlahs anyway ? 
  i have n't studied about homer so i do n't know how he described them , but there 's no way that the greek tribes looked different from each other . 
  afaik achilles was described as having blonde hair though, 
  greece is not considered a balkanic country, 
  serbian fans raised that same banner `` noz , zica , srebrenica '' in a match between greece and bosnia in november . 
  they also raised a chetnik flag . 
  greece was in trouble because that match took place in athens . 
  we got fined by uefa, 
   that said , how so ? 
  i 'm not not doubting , but i 'd sure like to know ... 
  i 'm not sure from where to start . 
  i never saw countries from our eastern side as culturally similar to us , cyprus being an exception . 
  and it 's definitely not only me , as i said before , greeks culturally identify with italy , mostly south italy . 
  also there are the iberian countries but they 're kinda far away . 
  unfortunately byzantium kinda `` divided '' greece from the rest of europe  i disagree . 
  i 'm not a religious man , and an agnostic at best , but i think religion * is * very fucking important , because religion is the marble on which you sculpt a culture . 
  i understand , but in my opinion religion is n't an important factor when discussing if some countries are culturally similar,
