  ( http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/war/images/map-pontus-03.jpg ) ( the map is old , but accurate for this purpose ), 
  judging from my knowledge , many ( or most ? ), 
  people from the western coast of turkey descend from bosnia , albania and bulgaria , these people were called ` balkan turks ' and were pretty much muslim converts from those regions . 
  you talked about ` greek blood ' in your previous comment . 
  having greek blood is n't the same as being greek . 
  mind you , the populations of the black sea were hellenized in the past , so they were greek without having greek blood or whatever . 
  elaborate ? 
   if you personally hail from the inland black sea region or a few other places where greek populations historically converted to islam en masse , then it 's likely you have more greek blood in you than most turks . 
  and who told you that the populations from the black sea were ethnically greek ? 
  i said it on a previous comment of mine earlier , i 'll say it again . 
  the ` greeks ' of anatolia were christian anatolians and did n't actually identify as ` greeks ' but as ` romioi ' , ( pretty much ` romans ' ) . 
  regardless of that , many ethnic greeks were concentrated on the western coast of anatolia . 
  for the purposes of the population exchange , being christian was the main requirement to be transferred to greece . 
  who 's ` we ' ? 
  yes , the western coast had a bigger number of greeks than any other part of anatolia . 
  i remember reading somewhere though that during the period of the fall of constantinople , there were no greeks left in the western coast , they had probably sought refuge in the greek islands . 
  to be noted that the christian anatolians did n't even identify as greek , but as ` romioi ' , which pretty much means romans , probably something that was left in their identity from the roman rule . 
   more known as anatolians ( greek ) the anatolians were not ethnically greek though, 
  that guy just spouts bullshit in search for attention, 
   linguistics have nothing to do with the fact that they are in a general southerly from germany . 
  yeah , i know that , what does this have to do with anything ? 
   quit nit-picking , greece . 
  did i nit-pick at this exact thread or something ? 
  i find comparing germans to nazis a ridiculous and disgusting method , but you 're not more european than someone from southern europe , also considering that the word ` europe ' comes from a southern european language, 
   while close to 200,000 serbs and other minorities left kosovo by 2000 around 863.000 kosovo albanians were expelled from kosovo during the kosovo war , so do n't pretend that only serbs were affected by the conflict . 
   oi yank that 's on the same level as the people calling you ` mongols ', 
  sounds like what an isis leader would say, 
  they 've attempted it some years back and killed a guard . 
  what is definitely retarded it 's you attacking flairs . 
  they cook great fish apparently . 
  beautifull country , friendly people . 
  i have a feeling that if portugal was in the mediterranean it would be very similar to greece . 
  it 's not netherland 's fault that the serbs wanted to ethnic cleanse muslims , you cunt . 
  after all the things they did in order to create their entity , they blame others for genocide ? 
  reminds me of the genocide deniers who call the dutch `` nazis '' . 
  i have noticed that people can still comment in a post that has been removed, 
  do n't confuse the orthodox church with constantinople though . 
  constantinople is a part of greek ( and generally european ) history , not the orthodox church . 
  i 'm saying this because i have seen some comments by keyboard orthodox warriors who think that constantinople is part of their history due to their faith . 
  how is giving us the marbles back a fight `` against the rise of fascism in europe '' ? 
  it does n't make sense, 
  they do n't even accept that it was a genocide which makes it more hypocritical . 
  transylvania is amazing . 
  greece is not even in western europe though . 
  do you go every sunday to church ? 
  do you pray before you eat ? 
  do you pray before you sleep ? 
  that 's just the beginning . 
  if you do n't do any of this , you 're not a christian . 
  and no one cares about some irrelevant churches where there are actually important things that were lost . 
  are n't the guys in the picture turkish ? 
  what a poor dodge . 
   the latter might apply to greece . 
  what might apply to greece ? 
  sorry , but all those comments confused me . 
  how is greece not a `` real '' european country ? 
  what defines a `` real '' european country ? 
  who the fuck cares about the churches ? 
  people were kicked out of their homes , as you said . 
   basically the same people , although people there will say otherwise . 
  that 's like saying that the portuguese are the same people with moroccans . 
  you know it 's not true . 
  it 's funny that you 're trying to shame other people for the things that your people do , and you seem to find many excuses about it . 
   and germans are white , while greeks are brown . 
  you do n't use your words right . 
  there 's a difference between northern european white and southern european white . 
  it would be great if all the diaspora people had the same mindset like yours . 
  they do n't . 
  one can easily notice that most 3rd generation turks in germany feel turkey as their home , not germany , and they also tend to be very nationalistic . 
  that 's not the fault of the german state of course , but their own parents fault . 
  was it ever yours to begin with ? 
  the war they fought was against the occupying powers , not the ottomans . 
   ** the turkish national movement ( turkish : t\u00fcrk ulusal hareketi ) encompasses the political and military activities of the turkish revolutionaries that resulted in the creation and shaping of the modern republic of turkey , as a consequence of the defeat of the ottoman empire in world war i and the subsequent occupation of constantinople and partitioning of the ottoman empire by the allies ** under the terms of the armistice of mudros . 
  the ottomans saw the movement as part of an international conspiracy against them . 
  [ 1 ] the turkish revolutionaries rebelled against this partitioning and against the treaty of s\u00e8vres , signed in 1920 by the ottoman government , which partitioned portions of anatolia itself . 
  yes , what ? 
  the reason they revolted was because the european powers were occupying them , they were pretty much ottomans who revolted against foreign occupying powers , they did n't revolt against the ottomans . 
   you 're constantly shifting the goal posts in this debate . 
  again with that same nonsense . 
  i 'm tired of trying to debate you at this , think what you want , i do n't care . 
   like nongreek mothers what kind of `` excuse '' did i bring up about a non greek mother ? 
   birthplaces outside the borders of the modern ( ! ), 
  greek republic . 
  you sourced me a dude that was born in cyprus , and the source you sent me about him did n't even mention that he was greek . 
  cyprus is kinda far away from greece and it is n't even a part of greece so it 's not that i 'm bringing an excuse about him being born outside from the borders of modern greece . 
   you probably know yourself that the elites of that time constantly intermarried across ethnic or cultural divides and that membership of a certain ethnic group could n't possibly be defined by not yet existing nation states . 
  i understand that . 
   so when this tactic did n't work you quietly dropped it . 
  what tactic did i quietly drop ? 
  elaborate . 
   now anyone converted as a child does n't count anymore . 
  it does n't count because he was taken away and converted at 10 years old , like a janissary . 
  the fact that he was n't used as a janissary does n't matter . 
  since you ca n't source me a case of what i asked you , stop talking about it . 
   and reeks of trolling . 
  i can say the same about your bizarre premises . 
   frankly quite rude you called me a ` nationalist ' the moment you ran out of arguments and you call me rude ? 
  i was very polite when i asked you for a source , if you ca n't send one , stop mentioning that same subject . 
  okay , he was n't a janissary but he was recruited the same way as a janissary and at the same age as well . 
  he was n't a vassal who helped the ottomans by obligation .
