  which sultan ? 
   you 're being rude to me right now . 
  how ? 
   you 've literally commented on every serb related article and all i 'd like to know is why you 're so obsessed with us . 
  just looking through you 're history almost everything is about serbs again , the ridiculous exaggerations . 
  i 'm not going to continue the conversation with someone who 's being that petty . 
   why do you have so much hate in your heart . 
  you spout big words . 
  i have no hate . 
  just because i pointed out that this idiot denies a genocide that his people committed does n't make me ` hateful ' . 
   why do you have so much hate in your heart . 
  you comment on every article relating to serbia or serbs in general just be rude and bash us . 
  why do you over exaggerate like you 're a 10 year old ? 
  i have n't been rude to anyone on this sub , especially targeting someone 's nationality/flair . 
   it 's clear you 're albanian or of albanian decent man , you serbs are obsessed with albanians . 
  there is even a serbian nationalist on r/greece that has said that i 'm albanian . 
  your way of thinking is stupid btw . 
  he 's a bosnian serb . 
  it was his people who committed the genocide , that 's why he does n't want to accept the truth . 
   we see that you are in a true identity crisis . 
  how so ? 
  if i was an albanian i would n't always be commenting about greece on this sub . 
  you just ca n't accept that i 'm greek . 
  i do n't know why . 
   all those insults after being called out as albanian ? 
  what insults ? 
  that you 're a cunt ? 
  well , you are . 
   my friend i 'm not your ` friend ' . 
  : ) you are the one who 's stalking . 
  do n't be a dumbass . 
  if i was an albanian , i would have no problem admitting it . 
  you see , the people who think i 'm an albanian are nationalists who did n't agreed with some things i said . 
  electro-n and constantine leandros are nationalists . 
  leandros is not even greek . 
  do n't take their word . 
  i can link you to some of their comments about turkey , you wo n't like it . 
  you can see from the things i post on this sub , that they 're are usually about my country . 
  the problem with you is that you 're still being a cunt , even though you know that i 'm not albanian . 
  whenever you call me an albanian , your comments are getting removed by the mods . 
  are you so stupid that you have n't noticed it ? 
  anyway , i 'm reporting you once again . 
   and they are actually really similar . 
  not at all . 
   they should stick to threatening countries like macedonia greece has never threatened fyrom , there 's just that silly dispute going on . 
   additionally greece could ally with serbia and russia never . 
   and what i read from other users care to elaborate on that ? 
  i do n't care if you believe me , you probably have convinced yourself to believe whatever suits you . 
  i do n't have an agenda , i simply told you what my parents told me . 
  why would i lie ? 
  my parents are a very reliable source , considering that they 're greek and they 're born and raised in greece . 
  of course they know very well what 's happening in their country . 
  my parents are a very reliable source , considering that they 're greek and are born and raised in greece . 
  of course they know better about what 's happening in their country . 
   no greeks took part in it tho . 
  they might have used the bases but greeks probably did n't help them . 
  not true . 
  this part of the article does n't provide any sources about the `` polls '' that supposedly took place . 
  i have asked both of my parents and they told me that there were no polls in greece about that . 
  the article states that greece did not participate in the bombings . 
  that 's a lie . 
  both of the military bases in crete were used to bomb serbia . 
   greeks did a lot to help us during the nato bombing what ? 
  there were protests by communists and nationalists ( horseshoe theory i guess ) , but besides that , nothing else . 
  true . 
  i wonder why there 's no reaction from russia with serbia trying to enter the eu . 
  serbia is russia 's only ally in the balkans and it 's trying to enter the ` opposite ' side . 
  it probably has to do with serbia not neighboring russia . 
  when georgia elected a pro-western government they got invaded . 
  similar situation with ukraine . 
  this question does n't make sense . 
  no , it 's not in north italy . 
  [ removed ], 
  no , i 'm speaking on behalf of my experiences in germany and austria . 
  those who have a bad reputation are the ones who cause problems . 
  those who assimilate face no problems . 
  those who hate ** all ** muslim and mena people are a minority in europe , aka the far right etc. 
  their reputation might have gotten worse with the terrorist attacks , but the majority of mena immigrants in europe do n't face problems in their everyday life , especially those who assimilate and do n't cause problems . 
  i say that because in your post you are suggesting that they are disliked or something , which is not the case . 
   only in serbia they use fyrom to remind them to the `` glorious yugoslavia '' . 
  in serbia they call it ` makedonija ' . 
  actually , it does n't make sense to say that the byzantines copied the symbol from the hittites considering that the hittites disappeared many centuries before the byzantine empire . 
  where are the hittites now ? 
  last time i checked the serbs are still out there, 
  why do you copy byzantine emblems ? 
  use something serbian . 
  eida to prwto sxolio sou re malaka ti malakia eipes, 
   mostly we are taught why our orthodoxy is the best religion in the world and why the other religions are false . 
  not true at all . 
   ellhnas pou na misei toso poly tous servous dn paizei na yparxei . 
  kai asta afta me ta ' 2-3 threads ' . 
  pws ginetai na me exeis petyxei se tosa liga threads na vgazw ` komplex ' gia servous kai tourkous enw o logariasmos sou einai 6 hmerwn ? 
  synexizeis tis paparies . 
  ti psefties einai aftes re ? 
  poianou to fake account eisai ? 
  the ntrepontai oi goneis sou pou to paizeis ellhnas sto internet . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6a2gfe/comment/dhbplga?st=j2icpnsf&amp;sh=251bc35d afto ti einai ? 
  apo pote milane ellhnika kai idiaitera greeklish oi alvanoi ? 
  vgale to ellhniko flair kai vale ths xwras sou , den xreiazetai na to kriveis . 
  servos kai misos eisai arxidi , vgale to elliniko flair kai vale ths servias .
