  as i told you before , non-european elements in greek music were introduced in greece by anatolian refugees from the population exchange between greece and turkey . 
   i see the byzantine as middle eastern . 
  what ` byzantine ' ? 
  empire ? 
  music ? 
  if so , you have a poor grasp on history and geography . 
  you also conveniently ignored a part of my previous comment . 
  oh really ? 
  you claimed that greeks mixed with turks in the ottoman empire , i told you that 's impossible considering that intermarriage was prohibited in the ottoman empire , you have n't answered . 
  you claimed that modern day greeks are n't related to the ancient greeks because of religion , some dude refuted you , you still have n't answered . 
  claiming that modern day greeks are n't related to the ancient greeks is as dumb as claiming that modern greeks are 100 % the descendants of the ancient greeks . 
  please tell me , at what point did the population of modern day greece disappeared from the earth ? 
  i mean , you really claimed that religion can change your genetics . 
  and lastly , you claimed that byzantine music is not european because it influenced non-european cultures . 
  do you even read what you 're typing ? 
  you have been proven wrong but you sneakily ignored the comments that refuted you . 
  `` butthurt '' ? 
  why ? 
  i just ca n't believe you have the courage to keep speaking nonsense when you have been proven wrong . 
  just admit that you were wrong, 
  he told you that aspects of turkish and eastern mediterranean music are influenced by byzantine music and your reply is `` a music that shares its roots with turkey is middle eastern and not western european '' ? 
  what the hell ? 
  so byzantine music suddenly became non-european because it influenced non-european cultures ? 
  that is one of the most stupid things i 've read on reddit . 
  so let me get this straight , since the nigerians speak english , the english language is n't european anymore ? 
  you are surrounded by facts yet you keep spouting nonsense , unbelievable . 
  that video was fake, 
  mousaka was brought in greece by anatolian refugees . 
  this was n't the error . 
  look again , he did . 
  but how do we know he 's a greek ? 
  he does n't have a flair . . 
   with turks of the west western turks are descended mostly from albanians , bulgarians and bosniaks . 
   besides turkey was based on the ruins of the byzantine empire turkey is based on the ruins of the ottoman empire . 
  look at your country first , then talk about others . 
  and learn some english , your grammar sucks . 
  first of all , learn some proper english . 
  anyway , your comment is ignorant considering that there are greeks who are simply descended from hellenized peoples ( anatolian greeks , pontian greeks , arvanites ) and sure , they do n't descend from the ancient greeks , but still , `` they 're not true greeks '' sounds very racist and close minded . 
  you can be greek without being descended from the ancient greeks . 
  by the way , if we 're talking about genetics , then there is genetic continuation in mainland greece and the islands , since at no point did the population of modern day greece was exterminated through genocides or natural disasters . 
  these songs do n't sound middle eastern . 
  still , i ca n't understand what 's the point you 're trying to make . 
  i do n't really think that german ears are used to spanish music for example , since you made a similar point in a previous comment of yours . 
   you are all over the place says you ? 
  you have replied to more than 4 different chains in this thread , what an irony  i have responded to your `` facts '' did you respond when i told you that intermarriage was prohibited in the ottoman empire ? 
  they 're greeks if they feel greek , i 'm not refuting that . 
  but their language is not greek , for example the pomaks speak a bulgarian dialect . 
  their customs are different from those of the greeks of the region as well . 
  my point is that the muslims of greece ( turks , pomaks , roma ) are a minority with their own identity , language , customs etc. 
  i can reply to whatever comment i want . 
  you push you agenda because your try to appear as if you know everything but when someone replies to you with facts you simply answer with stuff like `` i am simply responding to the question in the title '' . 
  i 'm responding to you then , why do n't you bring some arguments to the table ? 
  your method reminds me of trolling . 
   ok , i thought i have read of something else involving golden down syndrome activists but i can find it that 's a completely different thing  no , i am talking about all styles of greek folk music stop being ignorant . 
  you talk as if you know everything . 
  for example , ` rebetika ' or ` laika ' are types of music that came in greece from anatolian refugees and it makes sense if they do n't sound european , since they are n't of european origin . 
  greek folk music is more like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/qdimgs45vso ) ( the song is cretan ), 
   there are also muslim greeks the muslims of northern greece are actually pomaks , turks , and roma . 
  true , had forgot about that !, 
  he was born in smilianidio as well , a well known greek village, 
  you mean serbia is the orthodox croatia , considering that the croats arrived first in the balkans, 
  the roman empire changed religion from paganism to christianity , it did n't change from paganism to orthodoxy . 
  like catholicism , orthodoxy is a denomination of the christian faith . 
  did n't you send me a link of the macedonian language but deleted it immediately because it even proved you wrong ? 
  you also accompanied it with `` again with the lies '' or something like that , what a fail . 
  [ but here 's the link ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ancient_macedonian_language ) , it says that the ancient macedonian stems from greek . 
  do you need more ? 
  the ancient macedonians were as greek as the athenians . 
  you claimed that there are `` often '' troubles between greece-albania games , i corrected you that troubles happened only once in 2004 . 
  you made some weird claim on a type of music you heard in greece saying it 's more middle eastern than european , i corrected you that it 's neither middle eastern nor european and that it arrived in greece from anatolian refugees . 
  i corrected you on some other weird claim of yours , you still did n't answer . 
  since you attempted to push your agenda but failed , at least admit that you were simply trolling or that you ca n't back up your claims because it 's bullshit . 
   but shit hits the fan when someone ( greece ) starts claiming it exclusively just for them selves ... 
  the macedonians were greeks who spoke greek and called themselves ` greeks ' , therefore alexander 's empire is a part of greece 's history . 
   a new ~ ~ religion ~ ~ denomination ( christian orthodox ), 
   there was a lot of mixing with the turks , in fact genetically there is little difference you 're talking out of your ass , intermarriage was prohibited in the ottoman empire, 
   there is often trouble when they play football there is `` often '' trouble ? 
  meanwhile last time there were troubles after a greece-albania game was in 2004 . 
   interesting music with elaborated rhythms which makes you realise they are really middle eastern rather than european not all greek types of music are the same , the one you 're talking about comes from outside of europe and was brought here by anatolian refugees from the population exchange between greece and turkey . 
  i do n't think he meant that ali pasha was greek . 
  ali pasha was albanian and that 's well known to people who have studied about the ottomans, 
  a big factor for the civil war was the fact that the communists wanted to turn greece into a soviet state and also because the slavo-macedonian minority of greece wanted to put the greek part of macedonia into yugoslavia ( the communists supported them in their attempt ) . 
  of course , the yugoslavian government ( and the soviets until their alliance with yugoslavia was broken ) supported them . 
  you guys are definitely forgetting about euro 2004 since you 're the champions now, 
   and after the war were stabbed in the back by the uk which supported the dictatorship ( classic uk ) . 
  stabbed in the back ? 
  not only did the brits helped actively in defending greece from the nazis ( look up the battle of crete ) , they helped defend it against the communists as well after the war , so no , i would n't call that ` stabbed in the back ' . 
  how were they similar ? 
  in what way ? 
  what 's your definition of slavs ? 
  some people say it 's a linguistic term . 
  for example , the slavs who invaded serbia were outnumbered by the locals , yet they still managed to subdue them and slavicize them . 
  it was n't , he made a mistake and corrected it, 
  they were n't considered second class considering they partook in the olympics , where only greeks were allowed to partook . 
  thanks for your answer , very interesting facts, 
  so they both had wives and worked about laws ? 
  wow . 
  yes you 're right , but do we know how the inhabitants of modern day fyrom were called ? 
  i remember reading somewhere that the word `` illyrians '' was attributed to the people of modern day albania , croatia , fyrom and serbia , who were linguistically latinized by the romans . 
  that word did n't mean an illyrian descent , but rather a linguistic term .
