  it did n't turn out good for them in the end . 
   you know that the orthodox asked the pope for help to deal with the muslim invasions , right ? 
  the intent of the crusades was to be a series of defensive battles against islamic aggression in the levant/anatolia regions of the orthodoxy . 
  this is true . 
  it was a byzantine emperor who came with the idea of the crusades . 
  was n't milosevic comparing himself to lazar of serbia ? 
  he was a socialist , but a nationalist too . 
  is that in cyprus ? 
   as opposed to the other religions that did n't use it ? 
  i did n't say that . 
   also , name a few examples . 
  they instigated many rebellions in greece to serve as a feint in their rivalry with the ottomans . 
  after the rebellions started , they always left the greek rebels at the `` mercy '' of the ottomans . 
  they were achieving their goals though , that is having someone to serve as a feint against the ottomans . 
   no , ethnicity was tied to their causes , it just so happend that the croat and serb ethnicity were of different religions , and the bosniak ethnicity was known as ` muslim ' in yugoslavia , thats why there is a mix up . 
  yes but religion played a role . 
  in tudjman 's speaches about croatian independence there were catholic priests next to him , similar story with milosevic but with orthodox priests , izetbegovic tied the bosniak war with his religious books . 
  all that in a country that was supposed to be very irreligious and officially atheist . 
   and of course you bash serbs and russians , would link the meme twice , but the point is just lost now i guess . 
  i did n't bash anyone . 
  historically , russians ( the russian empire to be more precise ) , used orthodoxy as a geopolitical tool to serve their interests . 
  from the speaches of milosevic and karadzic , all i understood is that religion played a part . 
  also the three finger salute etc. 
  anyway , during the yugoslav wars in the 90 's , all parties involved in the war : croats , serbs and bosniaks , tied religion to their cause . 
  true . 
  even though i do n't like orthodoxy , i think it 's pretty mild . 
  it was more mild compared to catholicism during the medieval . 
  there were also no kkk-y organizations tied to orthodoxy . 
  on the other hand , the russians use it as a geopolitical tool ( and also to give their citizens a post-communist identity ) , and serbs tied it with their war crimes in the 90 's . 
  in my opinion , orban does n't really want to take the russian side . 
  he 's just trying to provoke the eu in order to get what he wants . 
  i personally think that cappadocians were anatolian natives who were turkified but not islamized . 
  karamanlides can be considered anatolian too , since they descend from cappadocia . 
   i thought , you have only common language . 
  that 's the same with greece and cyprus . 
   same language , same culture , religion . . 
  religion does n't matter at all , fyrom and bulgaria are orthodox too but we do n't have relations with them . 
  i would say the same about the language but the greek language is only official in greece and cyprus . 
  well , it 's in italy after all . 
  can you speak greek ? 
  okay , sweden is both then, 
  greece is southern europe geographically . 
  just this . 
  and sweden is also just northern europe , not western . 
  that was a great burn . 
  greece is neither central nor eastern europe, 
  kingdom of candia !, 
  why is he an asshole ? 
  his observation is interesting . 
  the orthodox priests are suspiciously rich . 
  their church is leaking the shit out of romania for example . 
  no , i explained to you in another comment of mine but you brought up the kurds for some reason . 
   you all are made for each other  no . 
  besides he is the one who became kinda mad at my comment . 
  in every country locals hit on tourists in the summer . 
  of course on normal levels . 
  my point was that turks prefer european women and it 's obvious by personal experiences that tourists in turkey had . 
  google is your friend , you know . 
  just admit the truth instead of trying to accuse me of something that happens in your country . 
  i wonder what your `` comeback '' would be if i did n't have a flair . 
  swear words ? 
  you got ta be kidding me , i only pointed out that you 're talking bullshit . 
  you can also report me , 2 of the mods are greek . 
  that other guy in the link is a nationalist . 
  they 're probably obsessed with european women . 
  there are many stories about northern european women who were being hit on like crazy from turkish men while on vacation there . 
  turkish women are conservative on average and there 's this thing over there where dads and brothers are overprotective when it comes to the family 's daughters . 
  i do n't care if you agree with me . 
   communism : everyone should be the same they did n't mean it about homosexuals though, 
  i 'm surprised to read that . 
  i thought they would be one of the most anti-ceausescu voices in romania , if you consider what they went through during his regime . 
   i think the disputes in baltics are more about the specific regimes , not the ideologies . 
  but is n't communism kind of a taboo in the baltics ? 
  i ca n't really imagine a lithuanian/latvian/estonian communist party . 
  smyrna yes but not further . 
  i 'm thankfully not spending time with nationalists , all i know about nationalistic claims are from the internet . 
  they 're accurate though . 
  i 've never heard anyone claim it . 
  from the map , only constantinople seems correct . 
  at least that 's what some idiots on facebook say . 
  in the baltics both are hated equally . 
  why do you have to do this ? 
  the only impression people get from this comments is that someone is butthurt . 
  just ignore the post . 
  is that so hard ? 
  it 's shameful that greek dumbasses are involved in this . 
  those idiots should look at their own country first . 
  my guess is that they think that western european societies are religious , thus they want to be more accepted, 
   and kurds were n't that effective from day one either . 
  they were getting their ass kicked and crying for help from the western nations for quite a while . 
  you do realize that they 're getting helped against isis ? 
   then you deal with the government diplomatically , not by going around their back and doing these shaddy shit . 
   that 's very convenient . 
  helping kurds getting lands in northern syria where they are not even a majority is fine though right ? 
  providing small arms and training to anyone within the kurdish faction when it is known globally that there is a very good chance that it will be used against turkey is fine right ? 
  it has been proved that several suicide bombings done by tak ( or other pkk affiliates ) were syrian kurds but thats fine because they fight isis right ? 
  sdp literally has former pkk commanders in their ranks but they fight isis right ? 
  i hope you see where i am coming from . 
  you seem to be so sure that the help the kurds are getting is going to be turned against turkey eventually . 
  this is what erdogan probably says to move turkey away from nato .
