  both turkish and greek are `` default '' . 
  i never said that the the christian cypriots are more cypriots than the muslims  the terms turkish cypriot and greek cypriot does n't refer to the language or ethnic background , but just to the religious background . 
  i kinda agree.it refers to language too though . 
  the article gives many explanations , i want to hear ( read ) your point of view.greek speaking cypriots are culturally greek but not in terms of ethnicity so it is weird at least from my point of view calling them `` greek cypriots '' . as i see it , you are a greek if you are born and raised in greece ( origins/ancestry do n't matter ) . again , this is my opinion . 
  uhm . . how am i trolling her?can you give me a good reason that you think i 'm trolling ? 
  of course it does n't go by looks , but as far as i 'm concerned native ethnicity is different than the culture you was born and raised too.in my opinion cypriots are greek , but calling them `` greek cypriots '' is like saying that they 're of native greek ancestry , and they 're not.ancestry does not matter much our days and rightfully so , but it 's false connecting some people 's ethnicity with the `` culture '' they follow , because that would make all of south america `` ethnically iberian '' , which is wrong . 
  along with greeks there have been many other people in cyprus though.semitic populations settled in cyprus before the greeks . 
  well culturally speaking they are greek since they speak greek and such . . but ethnically?they do n't look ethnic greek to me , at least most of the cypriots do you call mexicans `` spanish '' just because they 're catholic and speak spanish ? 
  oh nice play you pulled off.you just linked me another article while i 'm talking about the post we 're commenting on, 
  saw that in the comments here and in many other cases , it 's even in the article . 
  i 'm not against that actually , but some people might find it confusing.i did n't say that the turks of cyprus are less cypriots than the christian ones, 
  i will never understand why people keep referring to cypriots as `` greek cypriots '' . . when you talk about the greek speaking cypriots you just say `` cypriots '' , when you talk about the ethnic turks in cyprus you say `` turkish cypriots '', 
  you sound butthurt , just stop it, 
  ok i understand , but where am i wrong?i am not an expert in genetics and stuff , but the fact that they came from asia does n't have to mean that they are of central asian descent, 
  huns and hungarians are completely different peoples.i doubt that hungarians have some significant central asian dna in them.most look slavic/austrian . 
  oh yes , seems that hungarians look really asian lol, 
  got ta love those heroes, 
  maybe it 's an excuse for the schools in belgium to have students learn things about other religions too except than their own, 
  unfortunately the church here has control even at our books . . corrupt politicians pretend to be religious so they have the support of the church and that leads them to have religious teachings as a complete lesson like history or maths . . the content of the books are not so serious but still i find it ridiculous that we have religious lessons in school and it 's funny that nobody pays attention like seriously 98 % of the class ( rightfully ) act like it 's just a sort of a break . 
  did some of them stay in greece?it would have been really nice that someone took care of them like your aunt , really nice of her too, 
  so you mean serbians from kosovo ? 
  looking at the syrian one . . feels bad man, 
  i 'm not saying that, 
  unfortunately this country has suffered a lot . 
  slice of life, 
  how do you view the refugee crisis ? 
  i hope that 's why she 's your ex, 
  there 's no such thing as `` greek '' cypriots.just cypriots and turkish cypriots.are mexicans called `` spanish '' mexican just because they speak spanish and are catholic ? 
  using religion to gain lands , lmfao, 
   or why is greece so empathic about nothing being a balkan country ? 
  what do you mean with that ? 
   ok then why did the revolutionary fighters of '21 wore almost identical clothes to the ottomans ? 
  because that 's all they had ???? 
  they were n't ruled by italians . 
   the music also was very anatolian before the greeks from anatolia came same with food . 
  original greek music is cretan music and cretan music has nothing to do with anatolian garbage `` music '' . 
   admit it we are not fully western and we shouldnt be . 
  listen kid , greece is regarded as the birthplace of the western civilization . 
  i do n't know what the hell are you on trying to associate greece with the balkans so passionately . 
  ** reality check , turkish foods and music style was brought to greece by anatolian greece . 
  anatolian greeks used to be called `` turks '' for that . 
   greek traditional dances are almost the same as other balkan dances . 
  lol what ? 
  that 's only the case for dances in northern greece . 
  in the islands , like crete or corfu that 's not the case at all . 
  stop trying to paint an image for greece that does n't exist at all . 
   our cousine was heavily effected by the turks . 
  anatolian greeks from the population exchange of 1923 brought turkish foods here actually . 
  music too . 
  that 's not the same for all greece . 
   only by kids and nationalists sure pal ... . . also the war of revolution against the turks and the balkan wars are huge parts of our modern history . 
  yeah , so ? 
  in cultural aspects greece is closer with southern italy and not with the balkans . 
  historically speaking greece was considered a different entity from the balkans . 
  i do n't consider any country in the balkans to be a `` friend '' or a `` rival '' . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
   serbia is considered our brother . 
  only by kids like you and by nationalists . 
   finally our history mostly has to do with the balkans not spain and italy . 
  greek ancient history has a lot to do with italy and the byzantine empire was a continuation of the roman empire . 
  what balkan brothers does greece have ? 
  greece is a southern european country , the map is correct . 
  geographically it is but from other aspects it is n't . 
  greece was never `` historically '' balkans . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  greece was always considered a different entity from the balkans . 
  greece is southern europe . 
  thank you bot, 
  makes a comment saying that a european country is literally more african than european and follows it with : `` let the butthurt and downvotes flow . '', 
  agreed with this , some points though : i ) germany is mostly northern imo . 
  ii ) north italy is probably closer to italy 's land neighbors in most aspects . 
  and from some aspects iberia shares a lot of things with france . 
  iii ) turkish european territories are balkan and not south europe , the people living there are like the muslim version of bulgarians . 
  10.000 greeks in turkey ? 
  to be a minority there should be big numbers , and the numbers of greeks in turkey are very small . 
   i had one friend ( as she claims ) in istanbul while in school . 
  what did she claim ? 
  true , but its source was in southern europe . 
   but also note that traditionally eastern europe means orthodoxy - which would be far from the truth it is indeed far from the truth , orthodoxy spread from byzantium and was considered a ` greek ' religion , so how is a religion associated to greece be considered eastern european ? 
  i never understood it . 
   and afaik our neighbors do n't call it `` greek influence '' but `` byzantine influence '' . 
  and this byzantine influence appears as relevant to their nation/culture building as rome/vatican does for us . 
  well yes but it 's not like the byzantines managed to change the culture of the balkans completely . 
  for example , when bulgarians got their independence from byzantium they formed their own kingdom , which had byzantine influence , but it also had slavic and turkic as well ( the proto-bulgars were a turkic tribe ) . 
  the bulgarian ethnogenesis happened through slavs and turkic tribes and that 's very different from the greek ethnogenesis . 
   that 's not to say that greece is strongly tied to its balkan neighbors now , but ... 
  i do n't know , have you visited some of these countries ? 
  no but i 've met a lot of people from balkan countries , especially from albania . 
  albanians immigrants are regarded as being very different from us , except the new generations . 
   i have n't regretfully , but i did visit budapest , vienna , prague , plus i 've been all over greece . 
  to me , greece felt * very * unfamiliar , with perhaps the exception of mentality ( your people 's temperament seems similar to our coastal folk ) . 
  on the other hand , the former a-h cities felt like a copy of my northern cities . 
  i said a similar thing previously , and it 's not that weird to say that zagreb feels like a small budapest . 
   so , if the influence of the now long-dead a-h is so visible in former a-h ( ditto for italy and our coast ) , would n't something similar work for former byzantine empire and its satellites , plus whatever traces the ottomans left ? 
  there is a difference in the timelines and in the way that these empires worked . 
  the byzantine empire used to control the most important part of the middle east for a long time , but it feels like a different world . 
  as i mentioned as an example before , after the byzantines lost bulgaria , bulgaria took a completely different step from byzantine influence . 
   geographically , you 're as balkan as can be . 
  some of the rest might argue that they 're central or eastern - the north/west/east borders of balkan are n't 100 % clearly defined . 
  but you 're on the very southern tip of the peninsula , it does n't get clearer than that .
