  btw what point did you tried to make with these neo-nazis ? 
  i did n't got it  those were just a minority , the majority were natives who were linguistically hellenized . 
  therefore the greeks are n't greek either . 
  it is known that the invading greeks were the ones who prevailed in modern day greece and the coast of modern day west turkey, 
  i speak english and watch bbc , therefore i 'm english right ? 
  ( see how easy it is ? ), 
   greek has been spoken in cyprus for over 3000 years and has been the majority language on the island since at least hellenistic times . 
  `` centuries ago '' . 
  the greeks in mainland greece were similarly hellenized `` centuries ago '' . 
  greek cypriots have had the same ethnic identification ( to the extent you can speak of it in pre-modern times ) as balkan greeks since at least hellenistic times as well so we are n't talking just about language . 
  if this changes in the near future and they all reject the label `` greek '' , that will be a different story of course . 
  historians say that greeks invaded modern day greece ( the indo-european invasions ) , hellenizations of other peoples within greece like arvanites happened way later . 
  i have exactly the same questions such as you . 
  let 's examine some facts . 
   i will never understand what the f * ck does greece and turkey have to do with cyprus , i 'm far away and i no nothing about their politics , but is n't cyprus a sovereign country ? 
  to make it simple , cypriots who speak greek , or greek speaking cypriots , used to want to unite with greece because they thought that they were greeks ( even though they are not ) . 
  so that whole situation can be blamed on them too because they were the ones ( not that the greeks were reluctant ) who gave the greek dictators the idea to `` take '' cyprus . 
  that eventually led to a fuck up and turkey found her chance and invaded the island . 
  nowadays of course they know that staying away from greece is a better solution . 
  my opinion is , like yours , that greece and turkey have nothing to do in cyprus , but it 's a very complicated situation . 
  cypriots were hellenized centuries ago and that led to them calling themselves `` greeks '' . 
  they were also part of the byzantine empire so yeah , they have common history with greece too . 
  most greeks and cypriots nowadays do n't want to be part of the same country , greece is greece and cyprus is cyprus . 
   yeah , your grand-grand-grand-father may have descendants in cyprus , some people their speak greek , others turkish , and so does a brazilian speaks portuguese . 
  it 's always nationalists , they are the ones who must read this  yes , we should all love our countries but lets not jump into extremisms , your house and our world is a better place without them . 
  i did n't jump into extremism and i completely agree with what you said, 
  turkish politicians are very greedy and imperialistic , we all know that . 
  if that shit steadily continues in the next decades , there will be many problems . 
  they wo n't leave cyprus anytime soon , but cypru 's occupation is the biggest reason that turkey does n't deserve to be and will not be in the eu , this is something we agree on . 
  i 'm not saying that turkey is a good neighbor , but people tend to overreact sometimes . 
  what they did in cyprus is of course unacceptable , but greek dictators of the time take the blame too for trying to install a dictatorship and completely fucking up the island . 
  i have no explanation to the other things you pointed out . . erdogan is ridiculous but both greece and turkey are in nato so there 's no fear for something unpleasant happening . 
  greek conspiracy theorists and brainwashed individuals love saying that . 
  jokes aside , i never understood why these idiots spend so much money on the military ... 
  lithuania looking like a toddlers puzzle game, 
  yes you are right , i did n't thought about the mines . . 
  you are right , i overreacted . 
  unfortunately there are still mines in bosnia , something i knew but could n't remember now, 
  guys . . is it me or the muslim parts of bosnia are slightly colored yellow ? 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  i do n't know why but it seems like it, 
  nice to hear that , thanks for clearing that up for me, 
  do we know if wilders is yet another russophilic leader of the far-right ? 
  because i 'm afraid that would be really bad for the netherlands considering his popularity there, 
  so it 's just tetris in the background ? 
  i do n't get it : /, 
   rest assured , we will not forget in a thousand years . 
  no reason for statements like this , just stop answering to him, 
  neo-nazis all over the world glorify hitler . 
  even those fucking greek neo-nazis , while they know what nazism did to our country . 
  do croat politicians glorify ustashe , except neo-nazis ? 
   not extraditing war criminals  covering up war crimes can you elaborate ? 
   constant provocations to serbs there 's provocations from all sides , but no one says `` vojvodina is hungary '' or sends a train to vojvodina with that written on it, 
  trust me , saying `` kosovo is serbia '' and celebrating a republica srpska day is the most anti-balkan thing you can do . 
  you make people afraid of war and starting to hate you and that creates a hate circlejerk, 
   greece of all countries in ww2 did n't have it that bad we did n't have it bad like poland , but you really need to at least google what was happening during nazi occupation of greece . 
   thats what you get for electing communist syriza thinking everything will magically fix its self they 're not communist and no one excepted them to fix all of our problems , but you opened a completely different story now, 
   in real life i really like germans , have only good memories about them . 
  altough they seem ( on average ) a bit too brainwashed for my taste . 
  i like them too , a lot . 
  i was born and raised near a place that gets filled with german and nordic tourists each year . 
  no joke , i know too many people of mixed german-greek descent . 
   edit btw i have greek relatives and ive been in greece ( in prosperous times ) . 
  to lazy , to early and to big retirement . 
  you could literally feel the shadow of crisis under the sun of santorini . 
  people are not lazy . . but early retirement was such a mistake . 
  no reason to bring the nazis into this , let 's focus elsewhere edit : grammar, 
   but calling for others to help clean up your own mess is most likely just another symptom of the greek internal issues . 
  was germany helped stand on her feet after ww2 ? 
  or did all magically became normal ? 
  let 's put it simply : the greek economy crisis can not be blamed solely on a single part . 
  that single part could be foreign banks , could be these stupid greek voters , could be these corrupt greek politicians but you ca n't blame only one of these . 
  you ca n't blame such a difficult situation on a specific side . 
  everyone takes the blame in a way now we must work together as europeans and battle this . 
  greece has been in worst shit.backwards ottomans brought us back to the stone age , the nazis starved and destroyed this land but we made it . 
  our hope is that we will make it once again, 
  hypocrites . 
   or maybe this is the new account of an old user ? 
  most likely this i guess . 
  this is just not a sub for people like you, 
  unfortunately , as long as russia is backing them up , they will continue to claim kosovo . 
  i always wonder why serbia never tries to be more friendly with her neighbors, 
  your account is fresh and actually only a troll would come on r/europe being staunchly anti-eu and saying he 's pro-russia, 
  does n't matter if nato jumped in in kosovo , serbia eventually lost the war and hopefully this war will be a lesson for everybody . 
  not for the serbian president it seems . 
  if russia just gave up on him , he would stop his bullshit and realize that kosovo is independent now . 
  but russia keeps backing him up and generally backing serbia up . 
   yes because the us did n't fuck up this region by creating a mafia run quasi state ? 
  i would n't call it a `` mafia run quasi state '' . 
  things are not good in kosovo now , it will take time for things to reach a normal level . 
  but serbia 's stance does n't help, 
  he should be aware that if he tries to do something unpleasant in kosovo , his country will lose another war . 
  but i think he knows that . 
  the problem is that russia is backing them up , another case which russia tries to fuck up a region, 
  no one said they were pure albanians . 
  but they spoke albanian ( even arvanites today speak albanian/arvanite , but older people ) , and their ancestors came from albania . 
  i said they had albanian ancestry . 
  times were different man . 
  skanderbeg focused his life around albania and was born and raised there , even though as an ottoman subject for a part, 
  [ miaoulis ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/andreas_miaoulis ) , [ botsaris ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/markos_botsaris ) and more it 's not just politics you know,
