   kosovo exists because ` murica happened look at yourself and do n't stick your nose in other people 's affairs . 
  kosovo albanians were being discriminated and there were deadly attacks against them . 
  it exists because people wanted independence . 
   and when someone makes a comment about kosovo , albania or something , usually you can find a comment found the serb !, 
  ( or greek ) . 
  a greek ? 
  what ? 
   only italians will understand it , so i wo n't translate it . 
  the english , marmots , julius caesar ? 
  ca n't the eu do something about this ? 
  turkey is imprisoning european journalists . 
  how am i ` butthurt ' ? 
   dude , dedicates his life to post how turks and greeks have nothing in common at all ( even in aegean coast . ), 
  it 's the fact that turks on this sub are obsessed with greeks basically . 
  it is irritating . 
   and some of his own countrymen ( ! ), 
  claims that he/she is not even greek . 
  people who have claimed this : electro-n : serbian * nationalist who 's raised in greece and wants to take constantinople back . 
  he 's banned from r/europe . 
  telamonas : stupid nationalist , he 's serbian * as well , living in greece . 
  constantine-leandros : greek-american who 's infamous on r/greece with his shitposts . 
  people have made posts in order for the mods to ban him . 
  btw he ca n't even speak greek . 
  * i 'm as non-greek as electro-n and telamonas are serbian . 
  you 're replying to the wrong person . 
  this guy is stalking my post history and usually replies to most of my comments with that tone . 
  at least the mods are removing his comments . 
  grow up and stop victimizing yourself . 
   we were living in the same lands for a couple of hundred years . 
   i never said europe . 
  i said greece . 
  greece is europe . 
   our cultures are really similar . 
  no , turkey is similar with azerbaijan and iran . 
   you have ouzo , we have raki . 
  these are different drinks . 
   you have greek yoghurt we have the turkish one . 
  they 're different from each other , since greek and turkish yogurts are made by different ingredients . 
   you do n't need to blindly hate and generalize other people . 
  i neither showed hate nor generalized anyone . 
   i mean we are nearly the same . 
  we 're not . 
  turkey is not similar at all with europe . 
   so you do n't realise just how similar the lifestyle , culture can you elaborate ? 
  the lifestyle and culture are very different , in terms of those turkey is similar with azerbaijan . 
   and food is . 
  i explained to you in my previous comment that some dishes are similar because they were brought here by christian anatolians from the population exchange . 
   most of anatolya is populated the ~ ~ descendents ~ ~ descendants of byzantines who converted to islam you mean christian anatolians , not ` byzantines ' . 
  that 's not true . 
  turks in western turkey are descended to a big percent from bosnians , albanians and bulgarians , not greeks . 
  that does n't make sense . 
   greeks are turkish christians , and turks are greek muslims what are you talking about ? 
  the minority in xanthi is not just turkish speaking , they 're turkish . 
  that 's the first time i 'm reading this . 
   yes it is . 
  we do n't hate them but we do n't want to have relations with them either . 
   the vast majority of regular greeks and turks engage in some light-hearted humour about being `` enemies '' , but nothing malicious . 
  i 'm not saying anything about being malicious , but you 're saying something which is n't true . 
  people of all kinds get along . 
   in the end , there is so much common about their culture can you elaborate ? 
  i have relatives who have visited turkey and they told me it 's very different . 
   history that common history is negative . 
  that 's how it 's seen in greece . 
   food the little similarities in food stem from the [ population exchange ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_exchange_between_greece_and_turkey ) that took place in 1923 between greece and turkey . 
  the christian people that came in greece from the exchange brought some anatolian foods in greece . 
  turkish cuisine i 'd very exotic . 
   and way of life that 's wrong . 
  the way of life is very different . 
   ( same word for us ) can you elaborate ? 
   and find that we share many similarities such as ? 
   most greeks and turks regard themselves as brothers that 's not true at all . 
   greece on the other hand ... ;-) . 
  yes ? 
  he was n't . 
  he was said to be of slavic origin . 
  i read it . 
   yea not anymore now that you deleted the bulk of it what are you talking about ? 
   hope you grow out of the hate  and i hope that you realize that i do n't hate countrie/people/whatever . 
  you just want to victimize yourself . 
   what do u mean by that ? 
  you said that the byzantine emperor was ready for a change , that change being converting the empire to catholicism . 
  i remember reading somewhere that the pope suggested him to do this in order to get more support by the catholic kingdoms . 
   the trade benefits the byzantines gave to the italians only made the empire weaker no , they did n't , both the byzantines and the italians profited from this , since the venetians assisted the byzantines in battles against the ottomans . 
  besides , it was the byzantines who gave the trade benefits . 
   you are not talking about cooperation , u are talking about a kind of vassalization . 
  `` vassalization '' is a word that you brought up . 
  i 'm talking about cooperation . 
   they realized they are threatened as much from muslims and catholic christians too . 
  there was no threat from catholics . 
  it 's not that the byzantines were the good guys in it . 
  it 's just that both parties apparently did n't trust each other . 
   the last emperor constantine was ready for such a change in order to save the empire you mean he was ready to convert the empire to catholicism ? 
  i have read that too . 
   the only thing italian republics did was only get things worse , they never really intended to help . 
  then why did they actually help ? 
  had the byzantines cooperated more with the italian republics , the byzantine empire would have lasted longer than it did . 
  i do n't . 
   you insinuated i was a 10 year that came from the way you replied to my comment . 
   and used a hostile tone when i legitimately wanted to have a discussion my tone was n't hostile at all . 
  but i was making fun of your assumptions though .
