  first and foremost , a lot of homework . 
  from the first day of secondary school till the last day of high school . 
  from maths , chemistry , biology to history and literature . 
  especially during the ` hot ' months , november to april , meaning nearly all the season . 
  during the end of the season , you have all these fucking tests to every single class/subject . 
  if you were even a little ` relaxed ' during the season , these tests might determine whether you pass the class or not . 
  during the last 2 years of high school , people usually go to cram schools which are expensive as fuck . 
  these cram schools act like a second school when you stay between 3-6 hours , depending the day , and the only reason people go to these schools is to get higher grades . 
  the educational system is so hard , that cram schools feel like necessary for countless students . 
  they are the most important during the last year because the exams during your last year determine the university that you 're going to end up to . 
  these last year exams are called the [ panhellenic exams ] ( https://greecelists.wordpress.com/2016/08/23/10-reasons-why-the-panhellenic-exams-are-flawed/ ) . 
  the educational system is such a joke , that there are two types of high school in greece . 
  the `` standard high school '' and the `` high school for proffesions '' . 
  the second is a weird situation , there are no proper lessons in these types of schools , students do whatever the hell they want because it 's 10 times more loose than the standard high school . 
  the reason for that is because the school certificate from the high school for professions leads you to lower types of universities . 
  it 's mostly this , i 'm pretty sure other greek users can explain things better than me, 
  slovenia is geographically in the balkans but slovenia and greece are rarely considered as balkan countries, 
  true , but in my opinion greece should be way higher and the reason that we are n't is because we have the most fucked up educational system in the eu . 
  if you look at the rest of the southern mediterranean countries , they score way better than us, 
  it does n't make sense because greece does n't have relations with other orthodox majority countries . 
  i think serbs started calling us `` brothers '' because our government did n't bomb them in 1999 but it still does n't make sense considering that many airplanes that bombed serbia came from bases in greece, 
  greek educational system sucks, 
   and want closer ties to greece yo do n't involve us in their shit . 
  greece has more important problems to worry about than serbs and their fictional brotherhoods, 
  do you accept that bosnian serbs were completely backed by serbia yes or no ? 
  it is not only your country , but it 's a country to bosniaks and croats as well, 
  who backed the bosnian serbs ? 
  was milosevic a bosnian serb ? 
  countless serbs from serbia fought in bosnia , do n't ignore the important things . 
  i 'm pretty sure they were like 40 % of the serb bosnian army . 
  you even attracted some 100 greek neonazis with you, 
  so what was the siege of sarajevo all about ? 
  what was srebrenica all about ? 
  if you had never invaded bosnia , nothing would have happened . 
  also bosniaks were not and are not sympathetic to the mujahideen, 
  lol , a turk trying to compare some piece of shit politician to that dictator erdogan to make himself feel better . 
  it 's like comparing trump to hitler, 
  prove me wrong . 
  serbs invaded bosnia and that led to religious extremists arriving in bosnia to try to protect the muslims from serbs . 
  protecting the muslims from you was of course an excuse for them to turn bosnia into arabia but serbian politics brought them there . 
  and now you blame bosniaks for being religious fanatics which is not true at all . 
  you know that many mujahideen never left bosnia right ? 
  you guys are confirmed nutjobs . 
  your anti-muslim sentiment ca n't be explained really , serbs started killing innocents in bosnia , serbs and their greater serbia dreams are the reason that mujahideen arrived in bosnia . 
  serbs , bosniaks and croats are at the same level of religiosity . 
  bosniaks were even more secular than you . 
  you have to keep in mind that pontioi were not only the greek speaking pontioi , there are russian pontioi , georgian etc, 
  i did n't say they 're not greeks , i said they have descent in anatolia and caucasus . 
  also , during ottoman times they identified as `` romioi '' or simply `` pontioi '' , not as greeks, 
  it 's very interesting that montenegro is not a russian/serbian puppet state . 
  good on them, 
  yes but their descent is mostly from anatolia and the caucasus . 
  there are still pontians in odessa so this criminal could be pontian , who knows, 
  he 's trolling you , look at his account . 
  he created this account just to make this comment, 
   kosti from odessa not greek . 
  could be pontian . 
  having a greek sounding name does n't make someone greek, 
  are you going to say byzantine empire ? 
  because byzantines and serbs were enemies . 
  are you going to say balkan wars ? 
  how are we `` tied '' ? 
  there was n't communist rule in greece, 
  he has no idea what he 's talking about . 
  greece and russia have nothing in common culturally . 
  quite similar ? 
  lol , because of the ottomans ? 
  we have good relations with southern european countries , we have nothing in common with russian culture . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the western civilization was born here . 
  pontic greeks *, 
  why should i open a history book ? 
  i never cared to learn why are there bulgarians in albania except when i saw this post, 
  normal relations for two peaceful neighbors . 
  nothing special, 
   let me retract that . 
  if you told a greek that the church is closed today ( regardless of whether he visits it frequently or not ) he will show much more concern for it he would not give a shit . 
  there are more important things that the average greek worries about  edit : yes greeks are very religious though not frequently practicing . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  if you are very religious you usually practice quite frequently . 
  not so much . 
  greeks are culturally christians , orthodoxy means nothing if you think that our neighbors fyrom and bulgaria are orthodox but we do n't have relations with them . 
  greeks are not so religious , i also disagree with that morning prayers part . 
  people go to church only on like christmas and easter , and that 's definitely not everyone lol, 
  i do n't really think that greece and russia share something , religion is useless considering that bulgaria and fyrom are orthodox but we do n't have relations with them . 
  is n't there a croatian minority in banat ? 
  that 's what i 've read somewhere, 
  a bulgarian minority in albania is something weird considering that these countries share no common border . 
  the same goes for the slovak minority in serbia or the croatian minority in romania, 
   i have a lot of greek friends , and we are always suprised with how similar we are . 
  you just proved the point i made in my previous comment . 
  there 's no thing such as `` i 'm similar to him because he 's a greek/japanese/nigerian '' . 
  you are friends and feel close to each other , you being from turkey has nothing to do with anything . 
  turkey is indeed a combination of the east and west , that 's definitely the case for istanbul . 
  there 's no reason for you turks to try to prove you 're similar with anyone , you are your own thing and that 's great . 
  greeks do n't consider themselves similar with no country on our eastern and northern borders , that 's the truth . 
   and we have a sizable yugoslav-nostalgic community strange . 
  are n't you guys doing far better now than in yugoslavia ? 
  i think his point is that choosing russia is weird considering that the west was always our ally . 
  btw they saved us from communism so he has a point,
