  to be honest , modern day fyromians do n't look that slavic . 
  they 're mostly pretty much slavicized locals . 
  before the slavic invasions , these locals were called ` illyrians ' or something like that , ca n't remember . 
  still , they have nothing to do with alexander the great . 
  i got two questions : how did so many roma people managed to end up in romania ? 
  and how did they survived through antonescu 's regime ? 
  truth be told , i found out about finlay 's books some months ago on a wikipedia article about the ottoman-venetian wars . 
  as far as i remember he has 3 books about greece . 
   you gave a source you saw in the wikipedia otherwise you would n't know about finlay . 
  you 're talking out of your ass , there 's no reason to continue this conversation with someone who makes premises out of nowhere, 
   of course wikipedia is not reliable do you think academic books cites wikipedia articles ? 
  did you think you can properly learn history or , i dunno , how to be a doctor from wikipedia ? 
  it is not some all-knowing site that can educate you . 
  it can be used as a starting point though . 
  i talked about finlay 's book , once again , you told me that it 's not reliable . 
   it is the second morean war . 
  okay , since i 'm kinda confused , is n't the second morean war a part of the ** sixth ** ottoman-venetian war ? 
   patriach 's execution was very important in the `` second wave '' . 
  do you really think that the greek revolutionaries did n't knew that there were priests who were privileged ? 
  these priests could say whether they wanted , the revolution still took place . 
   i am sure his all-holiness is devasted right know . 
  who 's this dude ? 
   first of all where is your source ? 
  the moment you asked for a source , i sent you one and your response was `` wikipedia is not reliable '' . 
   this is about morea ... 
  sorry , but i had no idea . 
  this whole comment chain confused me  the latter responded by welcoming the turks and providing them with abundant provisions for which they received liberal compensation . '', 
  i assume this is from the seventh ottoman-venetian war ? 
  finlay 's book says that some janissaries slaughtered and sold as slaves captured venetians and locals . 
   you did n't send me any sources . 
  no need to lie . 
  i sent you and you told me that wikipedia is not reliable  it is fascinating that you do n't know about the accusations against the clergy about collaborating with turks which was a hot topic during the rebellion and after that . 
  i know about it . 
  there was not ` collaboration ' though , they just did n't want to lose their privileged positions and tried to make the greeks to not revolt . 
  no one listened to them . 
  to be noted , that this is not the case for all priests . 
  as i told you before , some were executed for stirring up revolts . 
  anyway , the orthodox church is full of shit . 
   and ? 
  i deleted that part of my comment since it was a unnecessary . 
  i wanted to show you that there was n't hate from the venetian side, 
  why are you bringing up the brits in order to `` justify '' how shitty the ottoman empire was ? 
  it 's just common knowledge in greece , that corfu , that was never conquered by the ottomans , was the center of science and academics in greece . 
  that 's not a coincidence . 
  i said that on a previous comment of mine in this thread , i 'll just say it again , the same can be said for crete , crete was under the venetians for almost 500 years , experienced the renaissance and during venetian rule of crete two of greece 's most important poets rose up . 
  the island was developing , before being conquered by the ottomans of course . 
   it is funny that you do n't read wikipedia when it does n't suits you . 
  do n't make false premises of your own . 
   they outnumbered the eight thousand venetian defenders several times . 
  there were cretans as well among the defenders . 
   they met with no resistance from the native greeks they did n't collaborate with the invaders though . 
   who were thoroughly dissatisfied after sixteen years of venetian rule . 
  16 years of venetian rule , while crete was ruled by the venetians for 464 years . 
  where did this case took place exactly ? 
  of course , this case is cherrypicked , since the other sources i sent you said different things . 
   the example i 've given shows how they look at venetians . 
  i 'm not denying that the priests did n't favor venetian rule , but they did n't favor turkish rule as well . 
   and i gave a example of christian cypriots preffering it did i not ? 
  ( in the other chain ) you 're talking about that anthimos guy ? 
   edit ; example - you said that ottomam was the most hated empire by it 's subjects . 
  check again , that was another guy , not me . 
   ~ ~ bur ~ ~ but when someone replied and told you about the british empire you said it was irrelevant . 
  it was irrelevant . 
  it 's called ` whataboutism ' . 
   wikipedia is not a source . 
  well , what kind of sources are more preferable ? 
  wikipedia is the most used source on reddit . 
   there are instances but especially in the second morean war discontent population supplied and helped the ottoman army . 
  source ? 
   you should remember that the clergy ( and under ottoman rule they were in the administration ) generally hated venetians and catholics hence preffered ottomans both the venetians and the ottomans did n't really had a problem with these priests , but there were cases that the ottomans executed some of them because they were suspected as revolutionaries . 
   even kosmos of aetolia , who saw turks as a punishment , defended the turk rule as a `` divine punishment '' and better than the heretic rule ( there is a nice chapter about that in kallistos ware 's book about mount athos ) . 
  did n't knew about that dumbass . 
   then of course there are some who are completely loyal to the ottomans like patriarch anthimos of jerusalem . 
  anthimos of jerusalem was born and raised outside of greece . 
  i do n't even think that he was a greek . 
   greek speaking cypriots are the cypriots i phrased it wrong . 
  i meant the christian cypriots . 
  the muslim turkish cypriots were the ones who preferred the ottoman rule . 
   did whole population preffered brits ? 
  the christian cypriots preferred the brits , the muslim turkish cypriots preferred the ottomans . 
   in the 7th chapther they talk about how cyprus was marketed as strategic port by government and how that turned out to be a lie after control on egypt was established and they talk about the relatively high taxes etc. 
  as far as i know , the brits raised taxes in cyprus because they still had to pay some sort of a tax to the ottomans . 
   that was n't an attack . 
  it was a statement . 
  if i tell you to `` fuck off '' , it will be a statement as well . 
  does n't make it less stupid . 
   and i can obviously tell you 're heavily biased due to your other posts on this thread heavily biased against whom ? 
  we 're discussing history in this thread , and you 're attacking flairs, 
   also make sense that the first person to respond to this would be ... you know ... of your origin . 
  are we attacking flairs now ? 
  do n't worry , you 're not the only turkish user who uses this tasteless method . 
  i have noticed that pattern among some other turkish redditors . 
   is n't a stretch to call serbian and bulgarian states in this map empires ? 
  true , weirdly enough you are the only one in this thread who noticed it . 
  as another user replied to you , the serbian `` empire '' was very short lived for example . 
   source ? 
  [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_cyprus_since_1878 )  bishop of kitium kyprianos addressed sir garnet joseph wolseley upon his arrival in larnaca in a speech on the 22nd of july 1878 saying `` we ( greeks ) accept the change of the government , because we believe that great britain will eventually help cyprus , just like with the ionian islands , unite cyprus with mother greece '' . 
   which is wrong and a example of a wikipedia fed history knowledge . 
  venetians did many atrocities during that war and during the second war . 
  some can be explained as logical war decisions ( like burning and bombarding villages that fed ottomans ) and some can be explained as pure malice .
