   then add those that came from egypt in the 50s , cyprus in the 70s , the caucasus in the 80s ... yep , thousands came.i do n't think they changed the ethnic composition of greece though . 
   not to mention where i come from ( corfu ) , like a third of the surnames are of italian or maltese origin - a lot even of british , german and french origin . 
  i know that people in corfu can have italian descent/surnames but i think you are exaggerating a little . 
   while greeks with their origins in europe are mostly of albanian , slavic and latin descent . 
  no man i disagree with this . 
  there are many greeks with albanian ( arvanite ) descent , like half a million ( i 'm excluding albanian immigrants ) , but this does n't mean that all greeks are a mix of albanians , slavs and latins . 
  plus that slav and latin part do n't make sense.slavs were kicked out of greece even before the ottomans invaded.constans ii ( i 'm not sure it was him though ) captured the slavs that we 're raiding greece and relocated them in asia minor . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/asia_minor_slavs ) latins were expelled from greece by the ottomans . 
   most greeks actually originate in asia minor ( especially pontus , kars and capadocia ) again , many greeks originate in asia minor/have anatolian descent , but not most . 
  i guess both, 
  i personally do n't want enosis.it is n't necessary , we are 2 different countries . 
   history south italy and marseille have history with greece too , i do n't think history plays an important part . 
   language moldovans speak romanian too.so what?aren ' t they independent?i mean half the world speaks english . 
   culture their culture is not something greek . 
   religion . 
  orthodox christianity is followed by russians , serbs , ethiopians etc.it is n't something exclusively greek . 
  afaik cypriots want to be independent and not a part of greece . 
   greece could get the island back too . 
  you mean the republic of cyprus.greece has nothing to do with the island . 
   if a cow is born in horse stable , is it a horse with cowish ancestry ? 
  well cows and horses are two different animals , used for different reasons each one.a swiss and a ghanaian are two humans though , they belong to the same species.a swiss-ghanaian may not be an ethnic swiss , but is still a swiss citizen and has the same rights with an ethnic swiss , therefore no difference . 
  good times hahah, 
  surprisingly it 's nice, 
  it 's ok south italy , we love you, 
  first time that happens , saw it now, 
  the player in the picture is [ eder ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89der_ ( portuguese_footballer ) . he scored a great goal giving portugal their first [ euro ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_european_championship ) cup . 
  greeks tend to stereotype people easily , even themselves.for example , they hear on tv that in some weddings in crete people fire shots and they 're like `` wow , crete is like texas '' . do n't give attention it 's just bullshit . 
  another troll account with a stupid username . 
  unfortunately it 's not a joke . . there are monasteries in mount athos were women are not allowed to enter.christianity at its finest . 
  wow til.it 's surprising that they 're still active too . 
  yes i know what you mean , but it 's not the first time i see people `` exaggerating '' in terms of gun ownership in crete . 
  well i was born , raised and live there.it 's a really bad exaggeration . 
   guns wtf.what a lie and exaggeration . 
  `` terrorist '' ? 
  they are greek citizens of turkish descent.stop giving them names they do n't even call themselves . 
  do n't give him attention he 's always acting like a troll.we know that they are a turkish minority.let him call them whatever he wants.the truth is that they are people of turkish origin who remained in greece . 
  the action of banning it even in 1 school is enough to make the headlines in many newspapers though , that 's my point . 
  banning christmas even for a single school is enough.you do n't need to ban christmas as a whole so people would notice what the hell is going on with the turkish government . 
  that such a small country has given birth to many great people, 
   who also were accepting towards incest i do n't think that 's true.source ? 
  they were all the same in the first place.after the junta fell the only parties that were elected were pasok and nd.quite recently , syriza was elected and that ended pasok and nd `` rule '' . nothing changed though.the alternative options are not worth mentioning . 
   correct . 
  you can be a citizen of greece without greek roots but you are never a greek we are all citizens of the same country , therefore greeks , and in all honesty , pontics are not ethnic greek either but i never said that they are n't greek , they 've been here since the population exchange and they became greeks here , so your argument is refuted . 
   but basically every single greek cypriot can trace his ancestry to greek families . 
  all white americans can trace their ancestry in europe , so what ? 
   most cypriots feel greek * and * cypriot because , get that , they are greek * and * cypriot !, 
  they have greek culture which makes them feel closer to greeks.it 's cultural.they can feel greek all their life if they so want though , no one is stopping them . 
   much like a cretan can be both greek and a cretan . 
  crete is a part of greece , seriously it 's like saying an athenian can be both greek and athenian.what 's the point ? 
   being greek is an * ethnicity * so you can be `` greek '' only if you have greek roots ? 
   people of greek descend all of cypriots have greek descent?i do n't think so , many could easily fit in the levant . 
  the point is not descent though , it is where you were born and raised.therefore people who are born and raised in greece and feel greek are greek.people who are born and raised in cyprus and feel cypriot , are cypriots . 
   follow common greek social customs are greek so south belgians are french and north belgians are dutch?i see . 
   you can be greek while having never been to greece . 
  no you ca n't . especially all of those dudes who think that they are greek while the only greek words they know is yaya or malakas.anyway . 
   greek cypriots are ethnically 100 % greek . 
  can we stop this fucking meme about cypriots `` not being greek '' ? 
  not even greeks are ethnically 100 % greek . 
  it 's not a meme , it 's an opinion and interestingly it 's an opinion than many cypriots agree with . 
  i feel completely indifferent russia so it would be nice if people would speak for themselves  i did a quick google search and only this survey appears , weird . 
  talking shit makes you an idiot though, 
  have you done a survey?you appear kinda certain . 
  i mean being greek citizens of the hellenic republic and cypriot citizens of the republic of cyprus.this ai n't the byzantine empire . 
  well what i meant is i have never heard a greek say `` fuck turkey we will destroy you and take constantinople back hurrrr durrrrr '' in person , but i see it on youtube comments frequently . 
  ethnically greek?i guess you have never been to cyprus.the fact that we speak the same language does n't mean that we are the same people.and seriously is religion a factor?many cypriots would disagree with you . 
  some of them.but seriously after so many years in european soil they look more european than turkic , which is logical tbh . 
  it 's not that i do n't care about the situation in cyprus , but if you think that greece and cyprus are somehow the same thing you 're wrong.we are 2 different countries , so if you want to say that to someone , say that to a cypriot not me . 
  do you know that almost 50 % of the inhabitants of the greek macedonia are anatolians?anatolians are hellenized people from west asia , what have they got in common with the inhabitants of ancient macedonia?nothing . 
  the ancient name was kingdom of macedonia and it also included the area south of skopje ( which is a part of fyrom ) , so why is the name something only greece is entitled to ? 
  no , macedonia is a geographic distribution , so the ( slavo ) macedonians have the same rights to the name as the ( greek ) macedonians . 
  i really hope that 's the case.seriously , internet comments by serbs ( and greeks ) are so stupid that makes you wonder if people in these countries are like that overall , which is not the case . 
  niiiice, 
  i thought serbs hated the eu.or anything that russia does n't like.anyway . 
  well your comment sounds like there 's a dictatorship going on, 
  kosovo is independent.i hope our government recognizes them in the near future . 
  i do n't really think that attica , peloponnese , crete , central greece , aegean and ionian islands belong in the balkan peninsula.as i see it , a part of northern greece belongs there , but not greece in general . 
  yup he is , do n't give him attention, 
  the country has bigger problems than a neighbor 's name , okay?how old are you ,11 ? 
   it does . 
  it 's called the greek government . 
  10 stars in complaining i agree here, 
  i guess because we 're not in the balkans?cause we 're not . 
   or it 's mostly about the skin color and they do n't like anyone who is n't from the germanic or slavic race . 
  i agree with your post overall , but italy , spain , portugal and greece are not germanic or slavic either.there are other reasons that people do n't want turkey in the eu . 
  they 're just trying to get accepted to western societies, 
  i know you were not serious , but `` returning the favor '' in some way is not going to help, 
   greek state puts thousands of people in camps packed like pigs living in fucking tents and generally a fucked up situation  someone wonders why far right parties are on the rise in greece something does n't add up here.these people just want a better life , not being afraid that a bomb/terrorist might kill their children while they 're in school.they never hurt anyone , they just want to escape war.saying that the refugee crisis is a reason that people vote for far right parties does n't make sense . 
  this is not how eu works and this is not a way to solve this problem, 
  that 's just perfect, 
  i 'm afraid they 're going to have a bad time in turkey, 
  the educational system can be blamed for teaching false things , like the byzantine empire was greek etc. 
  you know what 's funnier?the byzantine empire was not even `` greek '' . the majority of emperors were not greek either.only the language was . 
  just pay him no mind , he does n't deserve y' all attention.ignore him . 
  that 's beautiful.at least that 's my opinion . 
   well that 's what happens when one group of people ( greeks ) invade and colonize a region imposing their culture on the natives . 
  i actually agree with you , anatolians were mostly hellenized natives of anatolia and not ethnic greeks . 
  what do you mean by greek orthodox turks?never heard of them.maybe you mean hellenized native anatolians?cause there were many of them . 
  you really took it too far back , no reason to do that really . 
  are you sure that all greeks from anatolia/smyrna were ethnic greeks?back in these days anatolian people were called greeks because they were christian and speaking greek dialects.their home was turkey , they were there before the turks came.hell , not even greeks considered them to be greek.when they came here as refugees , they were treated so bad , people were spitting them and calling them `` turkish sperm '' ( one of my friend 's grandmother told us that but shit like this happened very often ) . this is how good `` fellow '' greeks treated them.they were victims of a lot of racism and there are many documentaries about these people.in my eyes they are greek without a doubt , but their ancestors were local anatolian hellenized people who were persecuted and sought refuge in greece . 
   oh , btw you lack basic reasoning why ?
