   then you asked for something different how many times do i have to tell you that i worded my question poorly and that i did n't change it ? 
  then send me a source . 
   so what ? 
  he was n't a janissary that 's the definition of a janissary . 
  forcefully taken , forcefully converted . 
   and do you think manuel ii and johannes vii , rulers over a largely greek speaking population , did n't bring any greek soldiers with them to the siege of philadelphia ? 
  feel free to send me a source that proves that . 
  btw i never changed my question , i just worded it kinda poorly . 
   no , cause i 'm too lazy . 
  you mean because you ca n't find such source , since it does n't exist . 
   so i substitute mesih pasha  mesih and his elder brother , khass murad , were captured during the fall of constantinople and raised as pages under the auspices of mehmed ii . 
  mesih was approximately ten years old at the time he was taken into palace service . 
  seems to me that he was captured and was forcefully converted from 10 years old . 
   `` was an ally of osman and his people in war '' seems to be pretty unambiguous to me . 
  it does n't to me . 
  can you source in which battle did he aid the ottomans ? 
  did kose mihal aid the ottomans in a battle ? 
  did he participate in a battle along with the ottomans ? 
   he was the first person to invite a turkish army he invited turkish mercenaries , not an army . 
  serbian and turkish mercenaries fought on both sides of the civil war . 
   you 're the one who doubted manuel 's greekness because of his bulgarian mother i doubted the fact that he was seen as a greek by the ottomans due to his mixed descent . 
  linguistically and culturally , he was a byzantine greek . 
   it seems to be so abhorrent your premises are ridiculous . 
  i 'm not viewing it as abhorrent since i never denied the validity of your sources . 
   why else do you come up with all sorts of contrivances what contrivances ? 
  i wanted you to source me that greek soldiers cooperated with the ottoman army , you did n't . 
  i 'll say it again , i 'm not denying the validity of the other sources you sent me . 
   and now one of their emperors is n't good enough for you because of his mother when did i say that he is n't good or bad enough ? 
  you claimed that he is seen as a national hero and i 'm telling you he is n't , and then you jump to your own weird conclusions . 
   you just disingenuously change your position whenever it suits your nationalist agenda . 
  i did n't change my position and i hold no nationalistic thoughts . 
  at least respect the others position instead of giving titles like `` nationalist '' . 
  stefan dusan and his empire are a big reason that the byzantine empire was weakened and eventually fell . 
  dusan was getting closer to constantinople and kantakouzenos wanted the throne for himself . 
  also the turks gained land in europe by themselves no one invited them . 
   this dual rule eventually failed and the two waged a new civil war further diminishing what was left of byzantium 's integrity in the eyes of her troublesome neighbors . 
  john vi cantacuzenus emerged triumphant once again and replaced the now exiled john v palaeologus with his son matthew cantacuzenus as junior co-emperor . 
  however , the turks , under osman i 's son , orhan i , now came into play by capturing the fort of kallipolis ( gallipoli ) in 1354 and gaining access to the european mainland . 
  the arrival of the seemingly unbeatable ottoman soldiers surrounding constantinople caused a panic in constantinople , capitalized by john v who , with the assistance of the genoese , staged a coup and ousted john vi cantacuzenus in november 1354 . 
  as a result , john vi would later become a monk . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine%e2%80%93ottoman_wars ), 
  i got confused at the beggining and thought you meant greeks who fought as soldiers . 
  since there 's no such example , case closed . 
  i did n't change the question btw . 
   who was borne outside of the area of the modern greek republic born * and i meant the geographical area of greece , not cyprus for example  and is hailed as a national hero he is n't hailed as a national hero , since that would make giovanni giustiniani a national hero as well . 
   he was the first one to actually summon the turks into europe because he needed help to gain the imperial throne the reason he turned to the turks was because the serbian emperor stefan dusan switched sides . 
  the turks came into europe also because stefan dusan was getting closer to constantinople and kantakouzenos turned to the turks for the second time because he was afraid of a serbian incursion . 
  no matter what , constantinople was meant to fall . 
   was the byzantine governor of chirmenkia and was ethnically greek . '', 
  i missed that part you skipped the rest of my comment though and no , manuel ii is not enough since you ca n't prove that he was seen as a greek, 
   i claimed that many greeks worked under the ottomans as vassals , subjects or renegades and every person i linked to did exactly that . 
  you did n't link what i wanted you to link though . 
  you 're not obliged to do so anyway . 
   to differentiate between greeks and cypriots before there even were a greek and a cypriot nation state is pretty pointless . 
  then why did you claim that he was greek ? 
  he was from the island if cyprus , we do n't know if he identified as greek . 
   and you know perfectly well that many greeks lived in anatolia i 'll say it again , nowhere in your source is mentioned that he was of greek descent . 
   k\u00f6se mihal and hadjigeorgakis kornesios were greeks in the eyes of their contemporaries , which is all that counts . 
  when columbus arrived in america , he thought that he was in india . 
  since we do n't know if they identified as greek , then we ca n't reach conclusions . 
   but you conveniently ignored manuel ii who was a ottoman vassal and fought alongside the ottoman army at philadelphia . 
  he was of mixed greek and bulgarian descent . 
  how do you know that he was seen as a greek ? 
  kornesios was cypriot . 
  if you say that cypriots are greek , then you must say that austrians are germans . 
  kose was from anatolia , not greece . 
  bithynia is in anatolia therefore he could easily be a christian anatolian , not greek . 
  nowhere in your source is mentioned that he was of greek descent . 
  i 'm not denying that people were forcefully converted to islam . 
  when i said that serbs cooperated with the ottomans , i meant the siege of constantinople where serbian cavalry fought along the ottomans and when there were serbian vassals ( not janissaries ) along the ottoman troops in the ottoman invasion of hungary . 
  i wanted you to send me 3 sources that say that greek soldiers ( not janissaries ) fought with the side of the ottomans . 
   and lets not forget that many greeks also worked under the ottomans as vassals , subjects or renegades . 
  source me 3 cases of that happening btw i was n't implying that all of the serbs cooperated with the ottomans, 
  googled him . 
  understandable , looks like he was responsible for the deaths of thousands of poles . 
  how are the relations between ukraine and poland ? 
  historical , cultural , etc, 
  that ` kebab removers ' meme is n't about the ottomans . 
  it 's about the bosnian war where serbs commited terrible atrocities against muslims btw . 
  anyway , you are right that the serbs cooperated with the ottomans many times in history . 
  prove me wrong then . 
  i 'm not a slav , nonetheless , you sound like a racist fuck . 
  a completely different form . 
  so you 're telling me that the reconquista was the iberians succeeding the arabic throne ? 
  as if there were no differences between how the arabs and how the iberians ran their kingdoms ? 
  the language the byzantines spoke was european , their culture was european and most of them were greek . 
  therefore this map rightfully belongs in r/europe, 
  the venetians were bad ? 
  the greek regions that the venetians ruled managed to prosper and experience the renaissance , unlike the regions that were ruled by the ottomans who were brought back to the stone age . 
  the byzantine culture and the ottoman culture were 2 different worlds . 
  it 's really weird to claim that the ottomans were succesors of the byzantines . 
  you mean frappe , not coffee . 
  and no , it 's nothing like that , terrible exaggeration . 
   but i do n't think one could deny that the byzantine empire has very often been cast as `` the other '' true , it was cast as ` the other ' because it rivaled catholic europe . 
  the byzantines were seen as the ` other ' by many westerner europeans of the time because it was n't catholic , but was seen as schismatic due to being orthodox ( afaik the byzantines considered the catholics schismatic as well ) and it was a pretty able rival as well . 
   it reminded of people on this sub getting angry whenever turkey is called european . 
  i 'm not going to argue whether turkey is european or not , but there are big differences between the byzantine empire and turkey/ottoman empire , and how they 're perceived historically . 
  they 're not comparable . 
  just because you , a random dude on reddit says so ? 
  anyway , they spoke greek , their culture was greek and most of them were ethnically greek therefore your argument is refuted .
