  thing is , they were nothing close to being the successors of the byzantines . 
   the cold war we were n't cut off from europe in the cold war though . 
  more like the frontiersmen of europe . 
   orthodox christianity was also a part of ottoman culture . 
  how ? 
  mainly greeks ? 
  did you even check a source ? 
  by 2000 , there were 8640 turks and 254 greeks in imvros . 
  i 'm pretty sure that there are way less greeks there now . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imbros ), 
   think of turkish people from west turkey as brothers with other religion . 
  you very well know that that 's not the truth , but rather something that you came up with . 
  also , to clarify , i have no problem with turkish people , i simply stated my opinion . 
  i caused trouble for sharing my opinion ? 
  do n't be a moron . 
  there are no greeks in bozcaada and gokceada . 
  greece is not on par with the orthodox countries in terms of social acceptance . 
   but we are closest to the turkish every day life than any other country in eu . 
  that 's not true . 
  i wonder if you have ever been to a southern european country , besides your own . 
   greeks wanted their independence because they wanted to be rulers of themselves and that 's why it 's called ` the greek war of independence ' . 
  it was n't , i 'm not insulting anyone , i 'm making an observation . 
  it 's not insulting , it 's an observation . 
  for the same reason that other countries are blue, 
   i would say you are the first who doing that . 
  no , actually in my first comment i did n't even call serbia a russian puppet , i simply said that russia does n't care about serbia . 
   check your country my country is n't responsible of the most recent genocide in europe after ww2 . 
  the whole republika srpska is created through ethnic cleansing . 
   if you live in almost the same one . 
  what do you mean with that ? 
  the majority were killed by the nazis , they did n't left . 
  have you ever heard of mallorca ? 
  ibiza ? 
  canary islands ? 
  get off your high horse . 
  do n't try to shame other countries about what your own country is . 
  it ** is ** the opposite . 
  he just used the known practice of exaggerating . 
   you were rude to somebody point me where was i being ` rude ' because afaik i did n't insult anyone . 
   and have you never watched the eurovision ? 
  are you being serious now ? 
  what does the eurovision have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm a troll for sharing my opionion you bigot ? 
  i was being nice as well . 
   people in greece are always comparing greece with turkey too . 
  you know very well that that 's a lie . 
  why are you making such a deal about me sharing my opinion ? 
   but our islands are the best . 
  you sound like a 6 year old . 
  true , greeks are not religious at all . 
  speak for yourself . 
  serbia is the most loyal russian puppet but i agree that we have putinbots here though . 
  because that 's what i 've noticed . 
  some people call serbia '' bros '' but they 're the same people who talk shit about fyrom . 
  they connect liking serbia to hating other countries like fyrom . 
  i do n't usually compare my country to other countries . 
  and we 're definitely not similar with the balkans . 
  i was n't being bitter , i disagreed . 
  most people who consider serbia as a friend are nationalists . 
  he 's trolling anyway . 
  i was very nice in my comment . 
  i also did n't insult anyone , whereas you talk about ` assholes ' . 
  that 's a typical response for a troll . 
  i have noticed that some reddit turks are desperately trying to portray themselves similar to other peoples . 
  why ? 
  are n't you happy with what you are ? 
  are you insecure about yourselves ? 
  genetically speaking , turks are an anatolian people , with influences from iran and central asia but you also have genetic influences from european countries such as bosnia and bulgaria . 
  that 's it . 
  you look desperate with your attempts to portray yourself similar to people that you are n't similar with . 
  no , it 's not . 
  stop the baiting . 
  in what sense ? 
  greek catholics are the catholics of the byzantine rite . 
  there are catholic greeks as well though . 
  i do n't care nor know about the balkans , but the local greeks viewed them as invaders . 
  also , the turks in greece were here for less than 400 years . 
  what did he wrote ? 
   do n't take his word because it is bullshit . 
  you sound childish . 
   asian genes in modern turks are only about % 10 . 
  i did n't even bring up the asian genes on turks . 
   muslim men can marry a christian women ( not vice versa ) , so mixed marriages were common . 
  they were not so common , and their children would be raised as muslims . 
   and since black sea was greek in the past , half of muslims were ethnically greeks . 
  the black sea was hellenized , it was n't ethnically greek . 
  therefore , half of the black sea natives who were hellenized in the past , became muslim . 
  pff , i personally do n't like the cross of the orthodox church . 
  those who converted and are probably the main descendants of modern day turks are the anatolians . 
  and yes , they used to be citizens of the byzantine empire if that 's what you meant . 
  mixing between christians and muslims was prohibited in the ottoman empire . 
  this sub is pretty fine , it 's your victim mentality that is weird . 
  also , i do n't care at all about the churches or whatever , but stop being petty . 
  how is this sub `` anti-turkish '' ? 
   especially because iirc modern turks have plenty of byzantine heritage . 
  you remember wrong . 
  if anything , turks have bosniak , albanian and bulgarian heritage , at least the western turks . 
  definitely not byzantine . 
   ** the holodomor ( ukrainian : \u0413\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0434\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0301\u0440 ) [ a ] was a man-made famine ** in soviet ukraine in 1932 and 1933 that killed an estimated 2.5 -- 7.5 million ukrainians , with millions more counted in demographic estimates . 
  it was part of the wider soviet famine of 1932 -- 33 , which affected the major grain-producing areas of the country .
