  they brought the lands they conquered back to the stone age, 
  all former ottoman regions did bad . 
  another reason we greeks are trying to forget that part of our history, 
  yup , the greek educational system is shit, 
   greeks of albania - that even the albanian state recognizes - are n't `` greek '' ) . 
  most of them are christian orthodox albanians and if you do n't believe me or something , simply put a question on r/albania . 
  i 'm not denying a greek minority in albania , i deny the fact that all of them are greeks . 
  some of them are ethnically greek , most identify as greek . 
  there are some writings by foreign visitors during ottoman empire who noticed that the greek orthodox church was doing everything it could to hellenize albanians in south albania through the church . 
   so cretans would stop being `` greek '' for you under the scenario i outlined in my previous post ? 
  i do n't see what the relevant difference is . 
  if crete gets somehow independence would you still consider cretans as greek ? 
  i would n't , i would just call them cretans . 
  do n't take my comment so serious , it was sarcasm as you can see 10.000 though ? 
  i know russia along with great britain and france helped greece a lot during the war of independence and generally against the ottomans but that number seems exaggerated . 
  i could be wrong though, 
  well they were under french service though so it counts as france . 
  i think that 's the case with most of the map, 
  it just seems that ussr imperialism never left russia, 
  we should have never christianized them / s, 
  it 's not that internet news here are so different but i would never trust greek tv, 
  most important battle in british history, 
  you do n't want to understand two things : one is that cretans are genetically greek while cypriots not so much , and you also do n't want to understand that crete is a part of greece while cyprus is not . 
  if cyprus was a part of greece , i would consider them greek . 
   if being part of the state is the most important thing , some of your views about ethnic minorities in greece you 've expressed in the past also make little sense imo . 
  greece treated her minorities really bad . 
  so many people were forcefully hellenized and made to change their surnames , were told to not speak their language and of course got no rights for their language etc. 
  what views have i expressed ? 
   also , let 's not confuse citizenship with ethnic identity because some of that seems to be going on . 
  i 'm not confusing it . 
  greeks are genetically closer to italians than cypriots but i have never heard you claiming south italians as greek . 
  i 'm telling you one more time , had cyprus been part of greece , i would consider them greek . 
  i 'm not confusing their genetics . 
   just so i understand you - for example , if some ( greek-speaking or not ) muslims who identified as non-greek remained in crete instead of having being exchanged with turkey with the lausanne treaty , you 'd be making the same argument about cretans ? 
  `` cretans on the other hand , many of them , are not ethnically greek '' . 
  is that where you 're focusing on ? 
  since they would have been greek citizens born and raised in greece , they would be greeks . 
  crete is a part of greece while cyprus is not and that 's the most important thing . 
  now please do n't say `` but cypriots are ethnically greek '' because they are not ethnically greek ( i do n't know or care how many of them are ) and they are not greek citizens . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  and those cypriots who are ethnically greek or of mostly greek descent , are not greek citizens therefore not greeks . 
   that 's the only thing that matters is it so difficult to just call them `` cypriots '' ? 
   got it , so if e.g. 
  crete did n't end up as part of the contemporary greek state for some reason , its population would suddenly stop being ethnically greek . 
  thankfully , few people agree with this weird logic . 
  no they would still be ethnically greek . 
  cypriots on the other hand , many of them , are not ethnically greek . 
   genetic arguments are meaningless about ethnicity and nationhood . 
  i agree and that 's not my point . 
  but to make it clear , if cypriots are greeks then austrians are germans and norwegians are swedes . 
  does it make sense ? 
   so do other greek regions between themselves . 
  cypriots have historically identified the same way as mainland greeks so they are greeks . 
  it does n't matter if they identify as greeks or hungarian or something . 
  their history is so different than crete with peloponnese if you 're trying to say that too . 
   as for `` only the language remaining '' , for all we know , had the byzantines followed different policies , there might have been more greek speakers today in anatolia than greece . 
  in an alternate universe , south italy and eastern sicily continue to be greek-speaking too . 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  i would n't call south italians `` greek '' even if they spoke greek . 
  unless south italy was a part of greece  and some cretans look more like south italians ( and are even genetically closer to them sometimes ) than northern mainland greeks . 
  some northern germans are closer to danes than bavarians . 
  and so on . 
  greeks are genetically closer to italians in general than any other population . 
  of course you have arvanites who are mostly hellenized albanians , you have greeks from asia minor who are mostly hellenized anatolians and you have pontians who are hellenized caucasians and so on, 
  lmfao that 's exactly the kind of videos that start all that nonsense . 
  it 's a joke anyway no reason to get angry :d, 
  the greek one is accurate, 
  well there are many youtube comments who talk about that brotherhood too . 
  i do n't deny history i deny friendships who in my eyes do n't make sense  edit : also , some of the comments appear to be albanian ... 
  yes so what ? 
  they are mostly ironic like `` so this is your brotherhood '' . 
  other comments by greeks are way worst, 
  in the heat of the match ? 
  they threw a fucking chair on a player . 
  watch the [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/uamli6l3rae ) . 
  do you want me to translate you some friendly comments by racists on that video ? 
  most comments are against serbia for some reason anyway that whole discussion is not going to lead anywhere, 
  i think the serbs are indifferent to greeks too . 
  afaik serbs like russians and montenegrins . 
  they have reasons for that i guess, 
  beautiful country, 
   who represents what only a minority of greeks think yes of course because the majority adores serbia or something lmao . 
  i remember when we played a basketball game with serbia and some serb players started hitting our players . 
  there were some greeks on youtube commenting `` fuck serbia '' and stuff like that , and i 'm telling you that because the only time i have seen someone calling serbs `` brothers '' was on fucking youtube . 
  many comments though . 
  i do n't know about serbia , but greeks are christian only `` on the paper '' , no one goes to church here except old people . 
  plus religion does not matter . 
  i see no bond , i do n't know what happened some centuries back , but that 's not a reason for a `` bond '' . 
  i never heard a greek talk about serbia , what i see is some olympiacos fans on youtube and their imaginary friendships . 
  if you tell some of this fucking nationalists that serbia recognizes `` republic of macedonia '' they 're gon na flip . 
  why ? 
  because they 're retarded nationalists and i 'm not talking only about olympiacos fans but in general . 
   `` somehow '' ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you know why cyprus is in the eu . 
  no i do n't know and i do n't care  because your country pushed for it . 
  and the eu agreed on a united cyprus inside the eu . 
  i did n't knew that  but when cyprus said no to the reunification , greece threatened to veto the other countries if cyprus was n't accepted . 
  did n't knew that too  so do n't act like you do n't know why cyprus is in the eu because it allows you to push your agenda . 
  i did n't knew the reason cyprus was in the eu and i have no agenda to push , so calm down a bit, 
  you know , when anatolians arrived in greece from the population exchange they brought some of their customs here , like music and food .
