  wow . . things must have been really bad, 
  not at all it was a greek `` invention '' . do n't confuse it with kebab . 
  it 's interesting that many swedish women start families here.i know more than 10 people who have a greek dad and a swedish mom . 
  unhealthy pieces of garbage.gyros is shit and unhealthy as fuck and i 'm not even joking , that 's the reason of greece 's high obesity numbers.mousaka is fine unless you eat it 3 times a week . 
  also i do n't think that turks eat souvlaki or gyros, 
  no , they are actually of turkish descent , that 's what they will say if you ask them , but descent means nothing since they were born and raised here , and most importantly , they feel greek . 
  in greece there are around 100.000 + muslims of turkish and bulgarian ( pomak ) ancestry.the majority are in thrace.they are greek citizens and never caused any problems.i do n't think they want to be part of turkey . 
  first of all a referendum is illegal because they are in greek soil.and second , being a european citizen has many benefits , why would they unite with turkey ? 
  things are fucked here , but that does n't mean everything you read on the internet is true . 
  greece is definitely more `` depressed '' than northern countries . 
  rain is beautiful, 
  the truth is , it 's their county 's and they do whatever they find appropriate.this law will actually make it easier to identify stupid isis supporters , so i really think it 's a trap . 
  edit your comment there is a chance they are going to ban you . 
  we should not generalize people from their background.there are nazis everywhere.most albanians i 've met are nice people , friendly and definitely not racist . 
  also , serbs killed many muslims in bosnia , does that make all of serbs fascists?no . 
  multiculturalism does n't mean that the native people of europe will become a minority.but politicians did many mistakes on that part.multiculturalism is beautiful , but it 's not beautiful when you invite millions of africans and turks and put them at ghettos , just because you want your country `` to be multicultural '' . these people will never integrate , and that 's the fault of european politicians . 
  greece and russia are definitely not `` close on so many levels '' . the fact that both countries are orthodox does n't mean anything . 
  i mean `` our continent , our rules '' does n't sound crazy , it has a logic which i agree.but you forget the fact that major european countries colonized almost all of the world and never gave a shit about other people 's traditions/culture . for example , a belgian monarch was responsible for the deaths of 10 million africans.the sad reality is that the tables have turned . 
  i do n't think they vary so much in culture or religion, 
  well they 're a really mixed people , so that makes sense . 
  fine , but i made it clear for you in my second comment . 
  the problem is definitely not with the russian people man.the problem is with russian politics and politicians . 
  i thought that there were some morrocans and algerians in portugal . 
  greece.the numbers of turkish people in greece are estimated to be from 50.000 to 130.000 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_of_western_thrace almost all of them live in northern greece.they never caused any problems , are great people and actually many identify as greeks not turks.if you ask me , it is the neo-nazis who have caused problems to them . 
  then please explain to me why ex-soviet countries hate them.i think you know why . 
  unfortunately that 's true.i still feel ashamed when i hear greeks say shit like `` russia is our ally '' . well , that 's because they always pretend to be the good guys then fuck you up , dumbass . 
  i 'm not saying we have to hate russia.but they 're not our `` friends '' . they serve their own interests and obviously do n't give a fuck about greece . 
  that 's mainly because they 're orthodox , is n't it ? 
  yes and it also depends how you feel about your origins i suppose . 
  i say this from a personal view.there are people in the us and other countries that have greek ancestry.some have 100 % greek blood.but if they ca n't speak the language and visit greece only in the summer , how can they think they 're more greek than my buddy who was born and raised here , feels greek but comes from a serbian background?doesn ' t make sense to me . 
  well , how can i , let 's say , who does n't speak japanese , never been to japan but have the `` japanese soul '' ? it just ca n't happen from my view and i do n't actually think blood means a lot in this cases.humans can adapt very easily to another civilization/environment if they were born and raised there . 
  exactly . 
  i definitely agree with that logic.there are many albanians who view themselves greeks , even if some greeks are uneducated folks and think that being greek is only a matter of blood.plus , greek ( in origin ) expats who are american , canadian , australian etc citizens , and ca n't speak greek , are simply not greeks . 
  well that 's logical i suppose, 
  in my opinion if you are born and raised in greece , even if you do n't have a singe greek ancestor , you 're greek ( if you feel greek ) . that basically goes for every place in this world . 
  happy independence day hrvati !, 
  you just blame the us for every disaster that has struck this country.that 's such a greek thing to do , blaming others . 
  so do you live in ukraine and know first hand that ukranian nationalists attack greeks?i 'm not aware nor fond of this attacks , but i really wonder where you read it/saw it.maybe on star channel ahahahahhaahhaha.that 's irrelevant , but greek ancestry does n't make you greek , because then it would be normal to call norwegians danish . 
  also , greek nationalists are the bigger bastards in europe , but that 's not a reason for someone to invade us . 
  tell me about it, 
  i completely agree with you, 
  the thing is that you have digged so back in the past man , you even reffered to the assasination of capodistrias.then i guess americans have to hate the british for what happened in the past huh ? 
  times have changed , religion does not play such an important place in people 's lives ( mainly in the west at least ) . how can greece see an ally in putin?russia fucked up ukraine because ... well ukraine did not like russia . . what a nice reason to invade a country.but guess what!they are orthodox !, 
  did you really went that far back?oh man.let me remind you the battle of navarino.as you know , if the french and the british had not helped us , the greek war of independence would have been been halted and failed.i do n't support them with that kapodistrias issue though , but i also have to remind you that kapodistrias was killed by greek men . 
  has spain ever mistreated us?has mali ever mistreated us?has vietnam ever mistreated us?no?then they 're our new brothers !, 
  the only thing we have common with russians and serbs is orthodox christianity, 
  serbs burned whole villages , killed thousands.i have met many serbs , they 're nice people , but i will never support this country in politics . 
  greeks and cypriots are idiots man.the only and only reason they support russia is because they are orthodox.yeah you read it right.because of their religious sect . 
  that 's also the reason they support serbia at the kosovo dispute.everyone knows that what happened in bosnia and kosovo is serbia 's fault . 
  i mean not all greeks are that way , but some seriously support russia and serbia in almost everything.it 's fucking stupid . 
  yes they did , the police have closed it though , plus this happened 5 years ago . 
  * watches 5 year old documentary about golden dawn * * thinks that greeks eat at nazi food handouts *, 
  since russia said it , it is definitely true !!!, 
  come on mate . . 
  i was watching a documentary about the bosnian war 3 days ago ( not that i did n't knew what happened in srbrenica ) , and the serbs commited awful atrocities.the massacres at eastern bosnia etc. 
  what?don ' t try to deny it . 
  `` we visited the whole coastline in three weeks with my gf who is serbian . '', 
  i literally just copied this comment from another redditor.his comment is in this exact post.what the fuck is going on.you guys literally posted the same comment . 
  well if they had stayed there . . lol you already know what would have happened.they were actually allowed to stay in greece and go to greek schools , and now that what happened to them is happening to other people whose target is greece ( the same target their parents and grandparents had to save their lives ) , they say `` you are not allowed here nor your kids '' . 
  what the actual fuck ... the majority of refugees to greece are from syria and afghanistan , both war torn countries.you like it or not , their kids will go to greek schools . 
  and you 're telling me that what is happening right now in syria does n't look like a genocide ? 
  this does n't enrage many greeks , only the hypocrites at oraiokastro.why hypocrites?because themselves are children of refugees from the black sea.they came to greece hunted by the turkish army.some of them have armenian and georgian blood , like many other people who came alongside with ethnic greeks while hunted by kemal 's forces.in all honesty , shame on them.they already forgot their past . 
  colonised many parts of the world , destroyed the native civilizations of north and south america , changed a whole continent 's demographics by bringing in african slaves , tried to conquer the middle east `` in the name of god '' four times , and blah blah blah . 
  i 'm just being honest.now europe is facing `` colonization '' but in a different way . 
  greece is influenced by turkey only in some parts of food and music.turkey is not at all influenced by greece . 
  nice info.thank you very much , this is quite interesting.i never knew these two countries were so close . 
  no , the only thing they teach us in high school history is buzantine empire.and byzantine empire.and byzantine empire again . 
  but my question to you is : do modern day lithuanians feel like they share somehow the same history with poles , do they feel close to poles ( and vice versa ) ? 
  the only thing i know about this part of lithuanian history is that you guys were the last pagan kingdom in europe . . well , until the teutonic order arrived.i 'm actually going to read the whole page lol , they never taught us baltic/nordic history in school , which always irritated me . 
  what an interesting video.i think i should learn more about baltic history, 
  thanks a lot, 
  in greece back then , being muslim was the same as being turk.but that does n't mean that the population exchange happened based only on religion.turks who were living in greece had to leave , and basically anyone who was known to even have 1 % of turkish blood . 
  ( i have actually studied this . ), 
  can you explain to me why spain is such a diverse country?in my head , at the end of the day , basques , catalans etc are all spanish.why do they want independence ? 
  * lazy * greeks work many hours and get paid shit , trust me , i hate our mentality and some parts of our culture , but that 's the truth.no one is lazy.they just get paid shit . 
  german and american greeks who say that kind of bullshit are ungrateful idiots.they should be grateful and happy that they work , even in a foreign country , ffs . 
  this comment is more savage than fucking crisis, 
  i actually enjoy raining/bad weather more than sun . 
  racist idiot detected.what about when greek men decapitate their women and show off their head to the whole island , or what about when greek men put athens on fire?stop blaming immigrants for your fucked up system, 
  you are just a racist prick who blames migrants for everything that happens to his `` special '' country.ffs stop this shit, 
  sometimes i feel ashamed to be greek . 
  this conversation will lead to nowhere i trust . 
  morocco and spain are neighbors too , yet they have many differences, 
  they are not so different , and they are not native either , but we respect them and treat them exactly like they are native greeks . 
  well that 's interesting.to be honest in greece we never had any problems with the large turkish population who lives at the north part of the country , thrace ( they are not exactly `` immigrants '' , just people who decided to stay in greece after the greece-turkey population exchange ) . they have adapted pretty good throughout all those years . 
  i agree that some people are still kind of backwards , but crete is n't only villages and `` rednecks '' . sorry for being too extravagant in my previous comment . 
  no dude.localism has nothing to do with this.do austrians consider themselves german?if no , why cretans should consider themselves greek?greeks just do n't like someone coming down their ass and telling them `` i do not want to be part of this country `` some cretans feel greek , some do n't . 
  and about that `` disregard towards foreigners '' , you are so wrong , but since you really believe that we are racist or something , i wo n't even bother to prove you wrong . 
  ok i am from crete and here is the truth.some people on the island do not consider themselves greek.we obviously have greek dna in our blood , but that does n't matter since we do not feel `` greek '' . i prefer to be called cretan than greek.you are a hypocrite for saying that kind of bs . 
  '' the more south in the islands you go , the less open minded people are . 
  until you reach cretans who are basically the greek version of rednecks . 
  only worse '' fuck your stupid stereotypes too . 
  funny thing is that most greeks consider themselves southern european instead of balkan people.that 's mostly because the bad relations greece had with her neighbors . 
  can someone explain to me why catalans and basques do n't consider themselves spanish ? 
  i understand what you 're saying . 
  oh dear , it 's happening week by week . 
  no , it 's not so different.an albanian guy replied to my comment saying that this is actually true , im not making things up . 
  when italians first arrived as immigrants at the united states , they were victims of the worst reception they could imagine.we can say that anglo-americans and italians are of the same race , but why they were treated like this ? 
  that does n't make sense bro . 
  true , the pixture was wrong at this though , that 's my point .
