   having some turkish influence in your modern greek culture does n't make you of lesser value . 
  stop making childish assumptions . 
  i did n't imply something like this . 
   but you use your local products how turkish people do too . 
  how do you know that , mr. know-it-all ? 
  btw i 'm pretty sure that people across the world use their local products in a similar way . 
   but you are making \u03bd\u03c4\u03bf\u03bb\u03bc\u03b1\u03b4\u03b1\u03ba\u03b9\u03b1 , like the turkish do to . 
  so turks and greeks eat exactly the same fucking dolmadaki . 
  in greece we call it ` gemista ' . 
  in greece they are cooked different too , in turkey they use various different stuffed products , while in greece it 's cooked more simply . 
  it 's not a greek dish anyway . 
  also , if a german makes a kebab , that does n't make him culturally similar to turks , can you understand that ? 
  this is a good example . 
   greek music and turkish music sounds similar . 
  full stop . 
  stop talking as if you know everything . 
  anatolian music ( amanedes for example ) sounds similar to turkish because , simply , it 's anatolian music . 
  cretan music sounds nothing like turkish music for example . 
   the differences are like between france and italy . 
  this is a proof that you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   edit : its funny how similar you are to erdogan . 
  he wants to be right all the time too . 
  i 'm the one who 's `` similar '' to this cunt huh , not you ? 
  when you had no arguments left , you started insulting me . 
  do you think i missed your previous comment when you were insulting me ? 
  you sneakily deleted it of course . 
  it 's not my problem if you ca n't hold a conversation like a proper human being . 
   you asked for cultural similarities between spain and arabia and i provided you with examples so spain is culturally similar to morocco just because spain was ruled by arabs who left some arabic architecture ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
   i care that both cultures are eating the same food first of all , the way you type makes you look like a retard . 
  secondly , the tomatoes and corn i eat do n't make me culturally similar with the aztecs . 
   but we are talking about traditional music , laika tragoudia , which are similar to traditional turkish music . 
  ` laika ' are not traditional greek music . 
  the reason that they are similar to some type of turkish music is because ` laila ' were brought in greece by anatolian refugees . 
   the fucking ottoman administrations are turkish you twat . 
  yeah , they ottomans copied some of their administration methods from the byzantines , so what ? 
  again , the brits took many greek words and put them in the english language , that does n't make the greeks and the brits similar . 
  also stop insulting people for no reason like you 're some fucking thug . 
  grow up . 
   you have never been to andalusia the article you sent me is about buildings that remained after the arabs left . 
  it also showed flamenco dance and a local dish . 
  i asked about cultural similarities . 
   mezes is a turkish word . 
  tzatiki , baklavas , halvas , kataifi , soutzoukakia , giuverlakia , kokoretsi , dolmadakia ... should i go on ? 
  same roots , similar dishes with slight variation depending on regional products . 
  these foods were brought in greece by anatolian refugees . 
  i 'm not denying that they have anatolian origins . 
  kebab is very famous in northern europe , that does n't make northern european cuisine similar to turkish cuisine . 
   both listened in turkey and in greece !!!!!, 
  so since greeks listen a lot to american music , greek music is similar to american music ? 
   no time to write this up , look here do you realize that the answer to the question focused on how the byzantine empire influenced ottoman administration and not turkish culture ? 
   what a stupid example : the words you listed are used in every other language as well . 
  the words i listed are random turkish words only used by greeks . 
  greeks use italian words as well , it does n't make greek and italian similar . 
  also , ` ela ' is not a turkish word . 
   it is undeniable that greece and turkey share a lot of cultural similarities because of historical reasons . 
  since turks were in greece for 400 years you ca n't argue that some cultural aspects have remained . 
  iberia was ruled by the arabs for 781 years , does that make spain and portugal similar to the arabic countries ? 
   greek food is a refined variant of turkish food . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  besides some few dishes who were introduced in greece by anatolian refugees like mousaka , there are no similarities between greek and turkish food . 
  turkish food is very exotic and has taken influences from arabia to bosnia . 
   where do you think is `` tsifteteli '' coming from ? 
  tsifteteli is anatolian music . 
   where do you think was yogurt invented before we perfected it ? 
  variants of yogurt were being made in ancient greece . 
   keep denying it , but us greeks and them turkish share a lot of modern culture . 
  be it that greeks influenced turkish , or turkish influenced greeks . 
  i have made my conclusions from people who have actually visited turkey . 
   there is a huge influence in modern turkish culture by the byzantines as well . 
  how ? 
  geography , physics , anatomy , technology , economics , harmony , architecture , atmosphere , program , rhetoric , nostalgia , mathematics , planet , athlete , alphabet , alchemy , academy . 
  only some english words of greek origin . 
  does that mean that english and greek languages are similar ? 
  ( they are both of indo-european origin but that 's another story ) were are the cultural similarities ? 
  btw did you really think that amanedes is greek music ? 
  it 's anatolian music that was brought in greece by anatolian refugees , it 's not greek . 
   we have a lot of similarities in our culture and language i do n't agree , my sister has been to turkey and told me that it gives a completely different vibe than europe . 
  and language ? 
  seriously ? 
  yeah , it 's the greek word for ` speech ', 
  there are no greek spoken in turkey, 
  you sound like some mafia leader . 
  i just corrected you , not playing games or something . 
  all i see is `` vino '' and `` bor '' , that makes for 2 words . 
  ~ ~ ` alliences ' ~ ~ ` alliances ' ? 
  ` assistances ' ? 
  what ? 
  no , but you 're commenting everywhere so it 's not that hard that i noticed that comment of yours . 
  yeah , it means doghouse . 
  that kind of music is shit . 
  it 's not famous in greece though, 
  not true, 
  why should you be hating the greeks ? 
   except for the janissaries source ? 
  the janissaries were christian children who were taken away from their families and were forcefully converted to islam  there has been a discussion with someone , nobody refuted anyone then why are n't you answering to him ? 
   no i did n't what did you claim then ? 
   i claimed that since greek and turkish music share the same roots , which is the same as an eastern mediterrenean empire , greek music is not quite european . 
  therefore , since the official language of nigerian is english , it 's safe to say that english is an african language ? 
  you do n't make sense .
