  what has your country done for greece ? 
  my father still remembers how in the 90 's your people were leeching on greece and started calling us ` orthodox brothers ' because you wanted us on your side , since everyone was against you . 
  that was the only thing you could do , use religion as a way to gain support . 
  but i repeat my question , what has your country done for greece ? 
  thodor2s is probalby being ironic , it is known that serbia is a big reason that fyrom exists , and if he is not being ironic , he needs to study more about serbia 's influence in fyrom . 
   i mean if you look at the face of erdogan ( forget everything he has ever said ) , you could even mistake him for a greek . 
  he has the large round eyes , the straight greek nose , even the protruding greek chin like an ancient greek statue . 
  the fact that he is brainwashed and probably hates greeks and does n't feel like one , does n't mean that 10 or 15 generations ago his ancestors were n't speaking greek and did n't considered themselves greeks . 
  me to na les pragmata typou `` o erdogan exei elliniki katagogi '' to mono pou kataferneis einai na mas kseftilizeis . 
  eleos . 
  are you guys really serious ? 
  in which universe are y' all living ? 
  never . 
  nice joke nonetheless . 
   so there 's kind of a love/hate relationship depending on whether you 'll find a sane person or a nationalist . 
  most people do n't care about turkey , it is n't only about sane persons or nationalists . 
   macedonians regard salonica as their cultural cradle and had control over it until recently ? 
  they do regard greek macedonia as their cultural heritage , and as something they lost . 
  they also regard alexander the great as their cultural heritage . 
  and they also tried to have control over greek macedonia in the greek civil war , where they were armed by yugoslavia and soviet union in order to attach the region to yugoslavia . 
  i 'm pretty sure that serbs and serbia are now offended becasuse i said that fyromians who scream about salonica are similar to serbs who scream about kosovo . 
   do you really take for serious what hooligans and ultra rights are chanting ? 
  i do n't , but they 're funny guys , are n't they ? 
  similar to their serbian cousins who scream that ` kosovo is serbia ' . 
   with enough assimilation i bet they could . 
  csangos have already been assimilated . 
   true , but vlachs and romanians share so many linguistic similarities that it 's not possible to consider them unrelated . 
  but we do n't know of any mass romanian migration to greece , contrary to albanian migration in the middle ages . 
  did you just create this account in order to make this comment ? 
  both are in the middle east and both are conservative . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  this is not a contest . 
  what i 'm trying to make you understand is that it was the ottomans who started the occupation and the oppresion and it lasted for centuries . 
  so why are you guys complaining about the expulsions ? 
   i was making fun out of your stupid comment , but you 're to dense to get that . 
  i got the meaning of your stupid comment , so i replied accordingly . 
   unlike you , we turks take pride in our different origins . 
  as if you could otherwise , turkey has assimilated tons of people . 
   we have tons of people from the balkans that were displaced by force by the same people that whine and complain to this day . 
  you came , you opressed people and you filled us with settlers who opressed us as well , what did you expect to happen after we achieved our independence ? 
  we do n't want you either , do n't pay attention to that guy . 
   also , i dont understand why you would rather be part of an islamist country than be part of greece . 
  what i do n't understand is why would you want him to become part of greece . 
  you want the lands , not the people . 
   all their neighbours ( from russia turkey and russia are not neighbors though . 
  albanians are close to turks when it comes to the conservativeness of both societies . 
  also many turks are descended from albanians , so it is you who will find similarities with albanians . 
   you could have gone with the `` let them call themselves turks , who cares '' attitude that every country has nowadays . 
   `` the greek government does not officially recognize a macedonian minority of slavic origin in greece . '', 
  greece has historical problems with turkey and fyrom . 
  i do n't need to explain the problems with turkey , but i explained the problems with fyrom . 
  even though they were n't greeks , they betrayed the country that they were living in by pretty much inviting yugoslavian and soviet influence . 
  they lost . 
   the arvanites setteled in greece the same time the szekelys setteled in romania . 
  i agree that arvanites are of albanian descent , but now they identify as greeks . 
  and not just now , they also participated in the greek war of indepence . 
  they were feeling greek centuries before . 
  do szekelys and csangos feel romanian ? 
   dude , their language is identical to medieval romanian , ** they are called like romanians were called ( vlach-walachia ) . 
  ** ` vlach ' is a term that germans and later slavs used for romance speakers . 
  so it 's not exclusive for romania . 
  for example , italy in polish is called ` wlochy ' . 
  wales and wallonia also have the same name origin . 
   plus there are tons of aromanians in romania that have left greece to excape persecutions at the start of the 20th century . 
  many were expelled because they collaborated with the nazis in ww2 , similar to what happened to the albanians . 
  they even created their own vlahic kingdom in greece during ww2 . 
   in fact , we have 18 seats in the parliment reserved for minorities ( even greeks ) plus the other seats that minority parties manage to get ( around 5 % for the hungarians , for example ) . 
  in addition the bigger minorities get schools , administration and even university in their language . 
  you have tons of minorities in your country , greece does n't have the same numbers . 
   turks ? 
  no , they are muslim greeks that speak turkish . 
  instead of expulsion , the greek government found a stupid excuse for the turkish minority of greece . 
  what would you say had greece expelled them or even killed them , like what happened to the greeks in turkey ? 
   slavic macedonians ? 
  they do n't exist . 
  they do . 
  there are some villages near florina and near their border with fyrom that you can find them . 
  although many were expelled because they collaborated with the communists in the greek civil war ** and because they were being armed by yugoslavia and the soviet union in order to incite a rebellion in greek macedonia , with the goal of attaching it to yugoslavia ** . 
  greeks speaking a funny language . 
  the albanian minority of greece is not like the szekelys in romania , they are immigrants . 
  although there was an ethnic albanian minority in northern greece , but they were expelled after the end of ww2 because they collaborated with the nazis . 
  similar to the germans that were expelled from eastern europe after the war . 
   vlachs/aromanians and megleno-romanians ? 
  latinized greeks . 
  there are no historical documents of mass migrations of romanians to greece , so for us most of them are latinized greeks . 
  many of them actually came from romania though . 
   bulgarians and serbians ? 
  slavicized greeks . 
  the only assimilated bulgarians in greece are the grecomans , whose numbers were litte . 
  and where did you find assimilated serbs in greece ? 
  i agree with your comment , but i think he 's joking . 
  i do n't see any difference between eastern turks and arabs , that is culturally , ideologically etc. 
  i agree that it 's stupid , but everyone knows that they 're turks . 
  the point is that they are alive and well though . 
  btw , look at your country first , you used to call the ukrainian minority as ` romanians who forgot their language ' , your governments are the reason that the csangos language and culture has pretty much disappeared and you even opressed your own countrymen who did n't belong to the romanian orthodox church but were greek catholics . 
  they always pretend that they are innocent and that it 's the greeks fault . 
  they fail to understand that oppressing a people for centuries will have bad consequences when this people get their chance for a payback . 
   i have even seen greek cars with attaturks signature going around . 
  the reason that greece lost smyrna and the surroundings is because the greek commanders attempted to invade ankara as a revenge for the ottoman occupation of greece . 
  this led to a big military disaster of the greek army and later the [ great fire of smyrna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_smyrna ) , were many greeks were killed and some managed to flee to greece .
