  that 's because the germanic tribes were the first people that the slavic tribes came in contact with and the slavs could n't understand shit the germanic people were saying . 
  you are the one who follows and trolls  i do not have to cite any shit just go and read the responses you got . 
  you do n't have to cite anything because i never said anything close to the things you claimed you dumbass . 
  and please , cite me the responses i got . 
   believing mainland greek superdupermasterrace i never said anything like that you clown . 
  i 'm from an island , not mainland btw  numerous times , he brought up that how anatolian greeks are inferior , etc. 
  are you retarded ? 
  seriously now , when did i say anything close to this ? 
  please source a comment of mine that i say this  i mean the guy claims greeks are more similar to portugese than balkans genetically speaking , greeks are closer to the rest of the southern europeans than to the balkans, 
   * not actual neighbours , spain has colonial cities in morocco , not an actual land border . 
  what a low effort argument . 
  anyway , spain is n't culturally similar to morocco . 
   * have n't shared the same empire since roman times . 
  in fact has never shared countries really . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  what about the 7 centuries ( almost 8 ) of arabic rule of spain ? 
  you seem to have a poor grasp on history . 
   food , music , history , massive amounts of mexican-americans ? 
  food ? 
  germans love kebab , are they similar to turks ? 
  music ? 
  metal music is very popular in greece , does that make us culturally similar with the finns ? 
  and no , the us are not influenced by mexico in terms of music . 
  history ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  mexican-americans ? 
  so , since there are millions of turks in germany , does that make germany and turkey culturally similar ? 
  no , it does n't . 
   sure , but if you actually look at our shared culture instead of hiding under your bed , you would notice that you 're very wrong . 
  that 's what you do n't want to understand . 
  there 's no shared culture . 
   most of them lived in anatolia ? 
  wrong , during the last centuries of the byzantine empire , most of them lived in constantinople and greece . 
  also , the byzantines were the ones who influenced anatolia . 
   25 years is enough during those times , slavic influence lasted much longer . 
  there 's no point in arguing with guys like you . 
  ** how the hell are 25 years enough ? 
  ** are you fucking serious ? 
  and no , there 's no slavic influence in greece , not in the language and not in the culture . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_bulgarian_empire  pretty long did you even look at the map you sent me ? 
  it clearly says that parts of northern greece were captured and held by ivan asen ii from 1218 to 1241 . 
  ** that 's 23 years . 
  ** how is that even `` pretty long '' ? 
  also , the parts of central greece were ** vassal territories ** , they did n't control them . 
  even the map you sent me proves you wrong . 
   false , ideas were created in ancient greece ( very different from modern greece arguably ) so ? 
  italy is different from ancient rome as well . 
  my point is that the greeks helped establish what we refer today as the ` western civilization ' . 
   that led to western culture being born during the early modern era . 
  every single historian will say that the western civilization was born in the antiquity . 
  your claims are ridiculous . 
   you 're the one with the inferiority complex , you squeal like a pig when i mention how greece actually looks to everyone . 
  your arguments do n't make sense . 
  greece is not similar with any of her neighbors but you seem obsessed to say the opposite . 
   beside , this argument started when your complex forced you to jump in and screech that we are in fact more kurdish than balkan/caucasian , something you 've shut up about after i dropped proof to the countrary . 
  i never said that you have no influences from the balkans , i said the opposite , that you actually do , you have influences from the caucasus as well . 
  this argument started when you brought greece in the discussion . 
   your organisation , structure and efficiency matter i agree, 
  i agree , i also think that [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33479946 ) article that a greek user posted before is a good read about the situation in greece . 
  things are not that bad like some people make them seem to be . 
  but i agree with you though , i did n't say that we 're extremely efficient , and of course the goal should be to increase efficiency . 
  what does that have to do with the discussion we 're having ? 
  dude , stop trolling . 
  we call both of them ` gemista ' , this is the first time i hear about ` sarmades ' , did you pulled this claim out of your ass ? 
  i know , my point is that greeks were n't and are n't lazy . 
  this food was introduced in greece by anatolian refugees , i 'm not saying it 's greek , i 'm just saying we call it ` gemista ' which means stuffed, 
  i replied to you before but i deleted my comment since i could n't find a source of a poll i was talking about . 
  anyway , there are people who blame the eu and there are also people who believe it 's all our fault . 
  your generalizations are ridiculous , but i agree that the people who voted for politicians like those we had 30 years ago are responsible for bringing greece in this situation as well, 
   i think this is how they do it in greece too . 
  it 's called ` gemista ' in greece , not ` sarma ' or whatever . 
  and no , that 's not how gemista are cooked . 
  the worst part is that the `` lazy greeks/southerners '' thing was just bullshit . 
  afaik greeks work the most hours in the eu , along with spaniards i think . 
   slovenia is claiming it 's not balkans . 
  afaik slovenia and greece are rarely mentioned as part of the balkans . 
  slovenia is more like central european culturally ( ? ), 
  maybe , i do n't know , i could be wrong . 
  greece is culturally similar with southern italy rather than balkan countries . 
  true . 
  i did n't got it in the beginning :(, 
   bosniaks are just turkified serbs and croats that 's kinda wrong . 
  some are islamized croats and serbs , yes . 
  but there was bosnian identity even before their conversion to islam . 
  [ more on this article ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosniaks ), 
   nah lol how the fuck is that an argument ? 
  you sound like a 10 year old, 
   i see there is no point arguing here or you can simply say that you 've ran out of arguments . 
  i actually am a pao fan , you got this one right , but there 's no reason to be jealous of anyone , these two `` friendships '' are between hooligans . 
   because you think those wars were just `` wars that happened long ago '' you cant understand it . 
  what you do n't understand is that greece had countless military allies . 
  we do n't go around calling everyone a brother though . 
   when your country was in debt crisis the whole europe looked down on you as lazy and what not , but not here in serbia what a stupid comparison . 
  first of all , that `` lazy '' stereotype was proven wrong . 
  also , the `` whole europe '' has helped my country more than serbia has , so again , your comparison is pointless . 
  as if every single european criticizes the greeks and every serbian loves the greeks . 
   we remember '99 demonstrations against the bombings happened in all over europe , not just greece . 
  also , many planes who bombed serbia arrived from bases in greece , but that 's another story . 
   i met greek exchange student here , and we called each other `` brothers '' and neither of us are nationalists so what ? 
  please explain to me what does this add to the discussion .
