   venetians were not civilized against you moron . 
  your people and region suffered much from those cunts . 
  i come from a region that prospered during venetian rule . 
  you think you know better than me ? 
  the ottomans were the real cunts . 
  bringing constantinople into the discussion is ridiculous . 
  it was their capital of course they will pay more attention to their capital . 
  the other regions suffered . 
  btw constantinople was great centuries before the ottomans . 
   then stop talking like him . 
  i 'm not even remotely talking like him . 
  treacherous for preferring venetians over ottomans ? 
  use your mind . . 
   what a proud greek . 
  pride has nothing to do with this . 
  if i had to choose over civilized venetians and backwards ottomans , of course i choose venetians for many reasons . 
  venetians are european too so that 's the biggest reason tbh  apparently advanced enough to hold onto and rule that territories for so long . 
  they turned into shit everything they took . 
   i do n't know how to respond to that . 
  you talk like trump . 
  i 'm telling my opinion on the ottomans , what 's wrong with that ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  of course we prefer venetian over ottoman rule . 
  why do some turkish redditors pretend that they 're kemalists but at the same time defend the ottomans ? 
  the ottoman empire was backwards and a disaster . 
  venetian rule in crete for example was a very brilliant age . 
  ottomans on the other hand managed to ruin the island . 
  not the biggest part of croatia and not for a long time, 
  empire total war anyone ? 
  croats were so fortunate that the biggest chunk of their country never fell under ottoman rule, 
  you keep trolling because of course you have no answer to give, 
  that 's exactly how you call them and stop lying . 
  you call them macedonians . 
  and trust me , most greeks do n't give a fuck about that name dispute because we have bigger problems to solve . 
  btw the guy you answered to is a troll, 
  you are more anti-slavomacedonian than they are anti-hellenic . 
  ok i agree that their attempts to portray themselves as the `` true '' macedonians are ridiculous but you ca n't have a monopoly over the name and you must live with it . 
  macedonia is a big region that exceeds greek borders . 
  so our slavic neighbors are macedonians too , not greek , but slavic . 
  no reason to be butthurt over this your comparison with crimea is ridiculous because it 's not a naming dispute , it 's russia that illegally invaded and is still occupying ukrainian soil . 
  the same thing turkey did in cyprus . 
  germany and belgium were looking nice, 
  exactly . 
  although erdogan seems more and more to trying to distance himself from the west , and that 's a problem, 
  you sound so butthurt and ridiculous . 
  are you done with your bullshit ? 
  it 's just a name , btw your comparison with crimea is ridiculous and shows that you 're a butthurt 10 year old who knows nothing about politics . 
  crimea was illegally taken away from ukraine . 
  macedonia is just a name , get over it . 
  do n't pay attention to him . 
  he even compared the name dispute to crimea . 
   such as their `` alliance '' with nazi germany . 
  what do you mean with that ? 
  yes in my original comment i implied it was probably a historical map so you are right . 
  every country has maps like these anyway, 
  there 's always something new at the balkans . . a friend 's brother visited serbia for a business trip , during his stay he visited a school and told us that in their classes they had a map of a `` greater serbia '' spanning from eastern croatia to central greece . 
  pretty much almost all yugoslavia with some extra additions . 
  of course it could be a historical map or something because serbian lords had conquered parts of greece , but i do n't know . 
  the situation in the balkans is weird , so many nationalities , so many wars , constant provocations from every side . 
   thats what i disagree about , in my opinion heroes are people who did that little extra and more , not people who are fighting cancer , or firefighters doing their job . 
  okay but you already know that many people will disagree with you the same way you disagree with me  not the majority though , being a collaborator wasnt for sure the normal thing to do . 
  most people in greece resisted actively or passively . 
  so are you trying to argue that people in greece who fought and died are n't considered heroes by greeks ? 
  at least in greece , where we all know people like to overreact sometimes , many people who died fighting the enemy are considered heroes . 
  i do n't know about other countries, 
   i called you a prick because that was true . 
  so if i call you a piece of shit it 's true ? 
  wut  the guy was just asking a simpel question , because he 's curious he knew that he was going to get answers like mine though, 
   he 's your nemesis he 's not my nemesis , where did you got that from ? 
  i 'm going to ignore your remaining comment because you opened up a very different discussion, 
  truth be told , most countries have committed ethnic cleansings or something similar . 
  i 'm the first to admit that my country , greece , killed and drove off many slavic people in northern greece in order to win wars and achieve goals this greek man fought for greece , europe and the usa , not * just * the usa, 
  well tbh i had a bad day and i overreacted now but you called me a prick and told me that i was being aggressive for simply saying something . 
  `` hero '' does n't mean being leonidas or horatio nelson . . heroes can be everyday people like doctors who save lives , and yes , people who fought off nazis and liberated others are considered heroes . 
   but because it was the normal thing to do many people co-operated with the nazis so for them resisting invasion was n't the normal thing to do, 
  a prick ? 
  :d was i being agressive in my previous comment ? 
  well i explained the reason he is considered a hero tbh . 
  for example some turks consider kemal as a hero but armenians do n't . 
  a hero has many different meanings and he should have wondered what does a hero means before making that question, 
  well that 's true, 
  i guess for risking his life to save europe from nazi pricks ? 
  at least he was n't cleansing armenian and kurdish families from their homes . 
  it just makes no sense . . 
  yup , and i 'm still here waiting for my source, 
   kissinger literally told turkey they can have all of cyprus source ? 
  very true , that `` do n't take erdogan serious '' bullshit has been commented many times now . 
  i do n't know about slovenes but they are certainly not balkan and greece culturally is on par with spain and italy , so yeah , i would n't call us balkan, 
  ex yugos love their athletes apparently , but what 's the macedonian one ? 
  i doubt that aliagas is so famous in greek twitter . 
  does he tweet in greek or something ? 
  i highly doubt that actually, 
  very true, 
  after all the things your soldiers did in ukraine , you coming here and saying something like that is weird, 
  no , it 's not like that . 
  do you think that those greek politicians are not to blame at all ? 
   if you start identifying as english and the rest of the english accept you as such , then yes , sure am i born and raised in england ? 
  because that matters the most  i 'm glad that you agree that a random x or y who grew up in greece does n't magically become greek , after all golden dawn says so , right ? 
  in my opinion , you can be greek only if you 're born and raised in greece and identify as a greek . 
  ancestry of course does n't matter at all .
