  i do n't come up with that , those are facts , like it or not . 
  i know i 'll be downvoted , yet i do n't care , ppl need to know other side of story . 
  i actually was bored enough to read whole of this and i am amazed by level of nonsence you are spilling here . 
  let 's start . 
  ever wondered why some albanian surnames goes like this : terziqi , krasniqi , zuiqi . . 
  it comes from terzic , krasnic , zuic ( serbian surnames ) . 
  even your ` president ' admitted his grandfather was an orthodox serb priest in drenica . 
  dervish is a muslim ascetic . 
  stop embarissing yourself . 
  3 . http://static.mondo.rs/picture/450256/png/mapa-kosovo.png this is a map of serbian churches in kosovo , orange ones are up to 15th century , blue ones are built between 16th and 18th century and black ones from 18th onwards . 
  monastery from first picture is known as bogorodica ljevi\u0161ka and it was built by serbian king milutin nemanji\u0107 . 
  it was attacked during 2004 riots , how come , when albanian frescos are inside ? 
  or maybe are n't ? 
  monastery from second picture is built by milutin 's son , stefan , who went on to be nicknamed stefan of de\u010dani because of the monastery he built . 
  from the 19th century pic you ca n't tell are those people serbs or albanians . 
  second picture with clergy , well ... on cyrrilic script above albanian it 's clear that they have serbian names and surnames . 
  in pe\u0107 , those paintings do not look like fresco . 
  and on a last picture , well , it 's a funeral of stefan of de\u010dani and it appears that those white things in backround were painted afterwards . 
  ah , you clearly are n't from balkans . 
  masses can not * move on * after losing something which was taught so long to be theirs , politicians can not * move on * after they lose powerful tool to round up popular support when other aspects ( economy ) are doing poorly . 
  people are stuck , listening to same stories for now almost decades , politicians are swinging between being nationalists , europeans , pro-russians , cosmopolits , tradionalists , chauvinists , according to current set of affairs . 
  cartulary books in kosovo from 14th century tells very different story . 
  google it , see it 's demographics , maybe albanians changed their name to serbs , god knows . 
  just explain me one thing : how on earth serbian kings erected so many churches and monasteries and how come that serbian nobles ruled kosovo up to beggining of 15th century ? 
  and for the end , serbian partiarchy in kosovo was shut down as soon as turks occupied . 
  by any means there could n't be any truth in what are you talking . 
  and please use common sence ( if you have it ) : why would muslim turks convert catholic albanians to orthodoxy ? 
  would n't it be islam , right ? 
  it 's the man who turned from chauvinist to biggest european in srb in matter of few years . 
  i 'd say that his logic is quite interesting thing to examin . 
  ot , if the train was only having srb flag ( as we would be able to say that 's that is only a flag , no big deal of it ) on it and it runned straight trough , it would be an absolute victory for us . 
  your 's police would be arresting people who were just going to their destination and police would be limiting people 's movement , one of basic human rights . 
  yet politicians on balkans nor their advisors are n't the brightest minds on earth . 
  turks turned catholic churches in orthodox ones ? 
  that 's what they teach you down there ? 
  c'mon , do you even try to use common sence ? 
  at least nobody tried to drown it 's own children and use it as a provocation to go on a rampage , as it was done in 2004 . 
  the other two parts which thought they can live together peacefully without serbs eventually ended in a war which was stopped after they were summoned to washington to sigh a peace deal . 
  so when women and children are evacuated , and all civilians men shot , where are fighters , men of naser ori\u0107 ( who fled by chopper day before serbs entered ) who killed so many serbs around srebrenica ? 
  they could n't all get into that one helicopter , could they ? 
  just messing with you, 
   georgian hahahahahaha , is n't this racism too ? 
  last time i joked about you down there one of yours got it too seriously so i need to be straight on, 
   also shown yourself to be a nationalist and proud of it . 
  downvote this one too so we can move on . 
  it 's joke lmao, 
   certain haplogroups yep , but not majority of them . 
  i really do n't have intention to go into such stupid and pointless discussions about * bosniak * ethnic group and it 's origins . 
   that the majority of serbian dna originates from the ural mountains from all territories inhabited by western and eastern slavs , if you have n't noticed . 
  i 'm not familiar with ethnic group called * bosnians * . 
  nor their genetics . 
   do you actually plan to make any sort of evidence-based argumen if i am geneticist , perhaps , otherwise i can only link . 
  but i do n't have to be geneticist in order to understand what it means . 
   except that they were assimilated into slavs by the people who migrated , as / u/mindalero said if you do n't know what user meant , you do n't mention that user in the comment . 
   last smallpox epidemy in europe [ false . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1972_yugoslav_smallpox_outbreak ), 
  guy you mentioned in a comment above . 
   most serbs do n't look slavic , they look balkan, 
  with those eybrows , so montenegrin ... montenegrin \u010detnik , hehehehe . 
  yet you are confronted with facts , which tell that you are wrong . 
  btw , even by looking there is absolute no way that average greek and average inhabitant of bosnia and herzegovina resemble each other at all at physical appearance . 
   and not a racial group which does n't imply that they do n't have specific number of genes for themselves . 
  what 's your point again ? 
  since slavic is linguistic and not racial term ( acc to you ) how come this  slavic element makes up perhaps 5 % of the population ? 
  for your information and knowledge , this 30 , 35 , 14.8 , 7.2 ... all make up to 100 , meaning , disposition of genes among serbs . 
  meaning it is majority , not some 5 % as you pointed out . 
   makes up perhaps 5 % of the population [ nonsence . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_serbs ) edit : am i seriously being downvoted for pointing out facts ? 
  good old times ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  [ totally agree ] ( http://www.politika.rs/old/uploads/rubrike/186542/i/1/izbeglice-iz-kninske-krajine-foto-a-kelich.jpg ), 
  what that has to do with anything ? 
  albania was formed in 1912 , same year kosovo was split between serbia and montenegro . 
  when ??? 
  of course they would ignore it . 
  of course muslims will ignore what happened in serbian villages around srebrenica . 
  of course albanians will ignore \u017duta ku\u0107a . 
  it 's just pathetic how much biased they are when it comes to serbs yet so blind for their crimes . 
  i 'm so dissapointed that so many westerners take this as granted , without deeply checking it . 
   towards muslims bosnian muslims were hated after 1945 because they slaugthered serbs en masse together with ustashe . 
   we could 've been an awsome country that was friendly with it 's neighbours just our neigbours do n't want to be friendly with us . 
  nor they did throughout our history . 
  i 'm simply disgusted by amount of stupidity you have thrown out . 
  grow up . 
   it goes both ways not on r/europe, 
   it is your sub too burn, 
  \u0421\u0420\u0411\u0418\u0408\u0410 ante portas take shelter new genocide muh, 
  very hilarious reacton, 
  you are free to give it a shot . 
  nor you should . 
   from the bbc wrote well about your country  i think you should be proud of it why ? 
  i was always amazed by * freedom of speech * of croatian press , regarding politicians and state affairs , especially index . 
  excluding de\u017eulovi\u0107 columns which are always hilarous and juicy about politicians , general trends among index journalists are quite open and direct . 
  ca n't imagine press here saying explicitly '' uhlebi '' , '' kozojebi '' or '' pi\u010dke '' , and writing articles like this . 
  that 's where our savings are . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/n9lg-mp4ozm ), 
   frankfurt  based on their connectivity through four advanced producer services : accountancy , advertising , banking/finance, 
  * skyladiko in the background *, 
  do these people considered themselves as ethnic russians , or tatars , chechens , dagestani ( you name it ) ? 
  actually , it 's not that bad that those people do n't have to live with hypocrits like you anymore . 
  just like you popped up with romanian and chinese kalashnikovs .
