i never understood how ( without any logic to previous divisions ) one half of slavs call it nema\u010dka or similar while other germanija . 
  greece : perhaps , if you are that big jinx to run into traffic police . 
  my dream vacation . 
  i want to go so badly there . 
  do n't trust security branches . 
  they are highly dependable from authorities . 
  if moving up the ladder requires beating shit out of people , they will do it . 
  plus , i think that , once the police and army assesed that he does n't have real power among the people , milo\u0161evi\u0107 stepped down . 
  they disobeyed his orders , many of the police generals are known to have negotiated with opposition leaders before 5th october . 
  so , if police , inteligence and army figures still believe that vu\u010di\u0107 is strong , or nobody else approach them , they will side with him . 
  you should also remember that police was beating shit out of opposition activists in the years before . 
  nah , if you are a woman and not into politics ( kinda axiom here ) you 'll pick the one which so much simplifies it and is teatral - in our case vojo \u0160e\u0161elj, 
  lots of people are for him simply because of joke, 
  they do when you are living in croatia . 
  chetniks ante portas , election slogan for every campaign . 
  peder is more like a cunt in colloquial serbian . 
  and what is benefit of signing an agreement like that and pretending that things are as usual , '' we are n't giving up '' , '' we will stay there '' , beside turning up extremly idiotic in front of world ? 
  why is one of leaders of kosovo serbs in jail ? 
  lol . 
  let 's put for example pastor or zukorli\u0107 in jail , hungary/bosnia would certainly react . 
  he is much more cooperative than democrats about that matter . 
  he actually put a signature on a document which proves some sort of statehood for kosovo albanians . 
  borko stefanovi\u0107 and goran bogdanovi\u0107 were doing a clever job back in 2011 of not signing anything , nor with albanians nor with kfor , but negotiating . 
  vu\u010di\u0107 did n't do anything to rescue oliver ivanovi\u0107 from prison , he was in cell for more than 3 years and i strongly believe that few phone calls with berlin and brussels could have worked that out . 
  election fraud and subsequent consequences . 
  nobody is convinced here that he is doing anything to keep kosovo . 
  especially since that agreement has been signed . 
  as long he is cooperative about kosovo and wiling to open chapters he can roll over protesters with tanks , if he wants . 
  i am really dissapointed with eu reacton . 
  thanks , 
  fuck kosovo voting , nobody heard any complaint from foreign observers in central serbia , supposedly there were 126 of them , i read somewhere . 
  meaning vu\u010di\u0107 had western support to do whatever he pleased with results . 
  kurir has actually made a pretty decent report , including live coverage of protests . 
  quite a pleasent surprise . 
  i bet u know it very well, 
  i guess name comes from some word for border or frontier , more likely border region , as in serbian word '' krajina '' has same meaning . 
  architecture of kiev and cities in the west looks very interesting , i 'd love to visit it once !, 
  can someone eli5 me why is spanish countryside losing so much of it 's population ? 
  i know that everywhere in the europe general trend is moving into cities , yet is there any particular reason for it ? 
  [ from serbian father and russian mother ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milla_jovovich ), 
   any evidence of this ? 
  evidence are quite hard to provide as they are mix of intimidation , threats , bribes , fear of getting sacked from civil service if you do n't vote for him plus fear among population from people who are representing him on local level , especially in smaller places . 
  i really wanted to skip the topic as a feel very ashamed that i live in a country where such things are possible , yet , when you asked , i had to reply . 
  mostly students , totally spontaneously organized on facebook gathering infront of national assembly in dowtown belgrade , then went on march through downtown , gathering more and more people on the way , eventualy going up to 10k , which is quite good . 
  people are just frightened of facing enforced rule of one man and total media blackout for other thoughts in the next 5 years ( duraiton of presidential mandate ) , i believe that 's main reason . 
  if they gain in numbers and last long enough , i hope it will . 
  i want to believe we are moving towards peak again , there is certainly a good chunk of people who are not satisfied . 
  comparing to opposition movement in the 90s , we have fallen disastrosly . 
  people are tired of politics and our new elect president certainly is n't someone who does n't like to show on tv . 
  funniest thing about this is that all of my close friends and me consider ourselves to be pro - eu , mildly to no nationalistic and open minded yet every single of us is against him . 
  it can happen when you blackmail people , threaten to vote for it or you gon na sack them ( for civil service workers ) and bribe . 
  totally unrealistic , i mean , ca n't be , obviously we are aliens . 
  religious practice is more cultural then teological issue in modern europe . 
  and how you presented your wife it appears that you married with an illogical . 
  ( being a serbian myself has nothing to do with it ), 
  how come czechs are so irreligious ? 
  like with towns/cartoons etc, 
  welcome back hehehehe, 
  * communism and their offsprings . 
  balkans as usual . 
  besides high level of hatred towards russians and unreasonably high usage of '' kurwa '' ( though it 's just a name for prostitute in serbian , for example ) , not too much . 
  they are kinda independent . 
  here both high scholers and university students tend to ( as whole population does ) smoke classic cigaretts rather than drugs . 
  balkans as whole has one of the highest rates of cigaretts consumption per capita in the world . 
  it 's harder to get to weed than in the west and it 's quite costly . 
  enough of your airdrops , pls . 
  when you are berlusconi , in mcdonalds waiters serve you, 
  was n't chechnya supresing a rebelion inside it 's own territory , something ukraine is trying to do in donetsk ? 
  where is squat ?? 
  facts are hurting that much , do they ? 
  i 'd rather trust my family history than some western autor , thanks , all rights reserved . 
  they were so tolerant that local warlord could sleep with your wife if he wanted to on the night after wedding and turks could come and take your child so that you can never see it again . 
  what a tolerant , multicultural country it was . 
  here ... those things go in pair with ethnicity and vice versa , it is n't like in the west where religion and nationality is clearly divided . 
  nobody i know learn it or speaks it . 
  ma 1 . aprila, 
  it can be frustrating , especially if you are coming from a societies which stone women and convict rape victims . 
  same here , had a chance to learn a bit more greek than usual chit chat phrases with my ex gf but 1 . 
  i was n't into learning languages at the time 2 . she was keen to practice english, 
  yeaaa , just few more decades until eu passport, 
  look how cousins on thrones made milions fight in mud, 
  i think it 's a bit more than 12 l for me . 
  i do n't recall seeing any of this except in newspapers , simply as paying respect to the deceased . 
  usualy afer 6 months or year it 's mostly family who does that . 
  it 's custom for eulogy to be in public spaces up to 40 days and on house door up to a year . 
  that 's something else . 
  it 's custom here as well . 
  basicaly , to inform friends , neighbours and distant relatives that a person has died , marking usualy when and where is the funeral and at the end , in bottom right corner , names of partner , children , grandchildren etc. 
  ( people who the deceased was closest to ) there is a similar thing in newspapers , where people can present a eulogy in a form of an add , expressing mourning after deceased ( usually coleagues and friends ) . 
  would you expect a croatian to tell other that serbs migrated ? 
  an orthodox monastery around knin existed since 1382 . 
  btw , western bosnia ( bosanska krajina ) could n't have been with muslim majority , as my family lived there for as i know , 16th century . 
  serbs in today serbia lived under byzantium , but byzantium influence was quite strong and we were unable to form stabile state in those areas . 
  also , due to a rivaling disputes through the centuries , focus shifted towards east and it turned out that core of first stronger medieval serbian state was in sand\u017eak , and then spread on whole today serbia and much more . 
  of course , serbs living in the map which shows serbia at the time continued their statehood traditions with kotromani\u0107 dinasty . 
  yeah , same experience from my life in gr , people were okay and smiling when i told them where i was from , same for my bulgarian buddy , but that 's all , nothing more . 
  you guys always seemed to me that you can manage without anybody else and that you are totaly ok with being by themselves . 
  though , it 's music which connects us [ most ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqkvr7v61cm&amp;index=3&amp;list=pl2x9r6y8l-c_qfrdz2vitkvjrdjs34tf4 ) . 
  here is about average mathematical knowledge of entire nation . 
  and i believe we are about same as our neighbours .
