  what has communism to do with bombing ? 
  because there are still idiots who believe economic development and economics in general was much better in those times . 
  if u do n't count grandpa giving me as a kid a sip of beer , then around 17 i 'd say . 
  the best here plus reasonably normal price because being a domestic made brand . 
  in balkans is '' man has to pay first time '' . 
  of course , it depends from what attitudes girl with whom are you going out has . 
  some might find it usual , some quite annoying , depends . 
  i had experiences with both groups . 
  typical date , hmm . . idk , go out for a walk or drink , talk about yourselves . 
  i believe it is much less formal and strict than in us . 
  do n't know about this '' get drunk and laid several times until you two are together '' those girls do not interest me for relationship . 
  passage is quite okay . 
  in my opinion , it would be dragged into years of long birocratic procedures until nobody really cares about what happened in 2016 , politicians would shake hands and announce departure from eu although i think very few things will actualy change . 
  i lived there for few months , been on vacation 8 times and still ca n't get bored :d, 
  tip : go back home and enjoy :d, 
  five of us totally drunk '' fighting '' each other for no particular reason . 
  it must have been a hilarious scene to look . 
  who knows , people are afraid of paying so much money . 
  when my grandpa died , two days after came an order from police to turn in rifles . 
  because fines went up to 1500 euros for not turning it . 
  i do n't know when u read , now is quite awful and restrictive . 
  it 's quite nonsence here . 
  if you declare to have them ( which many did n't used to do ) you have to keep them at address where u live and to pay tax . 
  you ca n't own hunting rifle if you are n't , for example , member of some hunting association . 
  many people did n't do it and few months ago was a massive action of turning weapons which are n't declared to the police . 
  i inherited several rifles and a gun from grandpa , which was a hunter , yet as i did n't had aspiration for hunting i only kept a gun , for which i had to pass a training of handling with , and now i am owner and i pay taxes for it . 
  i turned rifles to the police and i am not really happy about it . 
  i wish i could have kept it . 
  i think we are living in time with greatest opportunities ( up to now ) in terms of carrer and working goals . 
  we also live in time where different nationalities are becoming ( though daily things kinda dissaprove it ) more and more open to each other , which is especially evident for us in europe . 
  i think it comes from goethe and the sorrows of young werther, 
  when someone is arguing for no reason in serbian : '' you are arguing like greek in prison '', 
  how about that people with loooooong coastline beneath you ? 
  it came to my mind , because of your flair , but when we want to say that something is soooo distant and strange to us we say : '' it 's spanish village for me . '', 
   their president and former pm technically , he is both now . 
  good description btw . 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  cool way of saying it . 
  honestly never , i ca n't remember anybody of my friends just stood up and walked away during night out , though one guy had a quite idiotic excuses to go out and consume mdma , dk why as everybody knew but still . 
  he used to sometimes just do n't return at all to the party, 
  in our case , u do n't need slashes . 
   uk  polish  racists * scratches head *, 
  driving in thessaloniki in rush hour ( for the first time ) was quite nerve-racking experience . 
  egypt in antiquity or late 19th century serbia . 
  that 's a thing in lot of places . 
  when drunk serbian killed a shark on vacation in egypt , hoax by satirical and fake news portal . 
  mandatory in elementary school and i believe in most types of high schools . 
  lol , i am not sure is it ours company or some * uae sheik owning portion of emirates * subsidiary . 
  plus , that logo is to oriental , without any historical insignia our coats of arms has . 
  and yeah , they are quite costly . 
  besides cheap tickets to ny . 
  plus they canceled a lot of discounts ( of course family ones are still in power ) . 
  economics : / i have exam next week, 
  so loud and annoying when they are at vacation . 
  eat and study . 
  although it is n't my mandatory , my friend volunteered , get a chance to snap some photos in uniform and posted it on facebook and instagram and got a lot of likes from girls . 
  you guys do n't have id cards ? 
  and you have two kinds of passports ? 
  it is turned into a rescuing service whenever there are some floods or fires , plus members are so underpaid that they are leaving ranks in hundereds every year . 
  forget it . 
  i was talking about common people , not about politics . 
  i know that from tales my grandfathers and parents told me . 
  of course , you have to hear and learn our history in order to understand it . 
  you do n't understand . 
  i was speaking about nation , people . 
  plus serbia never killed anyone , it was action of an organization completely unrelated to serbian government . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's a fantastic tale of sacrifising , suffering , struggling , but also heroism , patriotism , persistence and sheer mental strength . 
  in case u do n't know , here it is [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_campaign_of_world_war_i#1916.e2.80.931918it ) [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_army%27s_retreat_through_albania ) it costed serbia a great amount of casualties , but it is the brightest thing in our history for me . 
  i am not sure what are you asking . 
  in serbia , if happens that you have a deputy in a national assembly from your municipality , you can contact he or she via telephone and mail , actually there is something like open hours every 2 weeks ( i think ) where a deputy from that municipality or municipalities close can talk to citizens about their issues and problems and propose solutions for voting on assembly sessions . 
  you can talk about problems in your town with local officials , adress to some sort of citizen service , but , most often , to institutions if the problem is related to their work ( hygene , sewer , roads , public transport ) . 
  in the end , on a level of neighbourhood , you can adress to the local council and speak to them , but about minor issues . 
  i think 95 percent of roma here never heard of it . 
  350 euro +, 
  is n't it same over there ? 
  your blondy president and who - knows which pm ? 
  looks like there is no bottom in balkans . 
  quite bad and deteriorating , both economically and politicaly . 
  bosnian serbs use cyrillic , montenegrins are inventing some sort of new alphabet . 
  i have n't noticed that autor was pointing out that . 
  and , unlike mentioned countries , we do use cyrillic . 
  italian waiter kicked me out from resturant because i was complaining it was very noisy . 
  that was my first experience in a western resturant . 
  first cyrillic , then latinic . 
  in 1st grade of elementary school . 
  portugal or norway , but just pure guess , based on what i know about those countries . 
  two ( name of the beer - lav ( lion ) , jelen ( deer ) , zaje\u010darsko ( after the town ) ) , every waiter knows what are u ordering and you get a 0.5 l beer . 
  except in fancy clubs where you 'll be charged even more for a 0.25 l. 
  from october 5th onwards : zoran \u0110in\u0111i\u0107 - philospoher , leader of opposition movement against milo\u0161evi\u0107 zoran \u017divkovi\u0107 - economist , acting pm for a year after murder of \u0110in\u0111i\u0107 vojislav ko\u0161tunica - former president of sr yugoslavia , after that function became pm mirko cvetkovi\u0107 - economist , independent , has been a finance minister prior to it ivica da\u010di\u0107 - leader of socialist party after milo\u0161evi\u0107 , became pm in a coalition deal aleksandar vu\u010di\u0107 ( current ) - all sorts of political professions , including being minister ( but mostly deputy ), 
  it 's common thing here to put some other prefix than turkish , for coffee . 
  here , it 's known as '' serbian '' or '' domestic '' . 
  [ ceremonial guard shift outside of presidency ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn5ysp1ryio ), 
  everybody speaks about balkans , when france and germany had a milion casualties in just one battle in long history of their conflicts . 
  vojvodina is an autonomus region because it has so many minorities , absolute majority are serbs who do not want any sort of independence . 
  ( speaking as a serb from vojvodina ), 
  here is kinda usual ( i would n't say expected , but looked welcoming to ) to tip . 
  i usualy tip my barber , round up so as she does n't have to return me the change . 
  i go almost every month there , so i know her - plus it 's sort of a guarantee for a better service .
