  tebra - instead of brate you can say this 3 . 
  matori - closer for * brate * / * tebra * ( like old man ) 4 . 
  dru\u017ee - this is what you say to a guy you do n't know quite good , as it is kinda awkward to call him * brate * straightforward 5 . 
  prijatelju - among older generations 6 . 
  baki - i do n't used this one , could be often a nickname , it is used instead of * brate * 7 . 
  burazeru - * burazer * is long version of * brate * , could be said instead of, 
  after 90 days she has to spent 90 days out of eu , then she can reenter again . 
  in ex yu ( at least ) teaching schools are somewhat lowest tier colleges , as you do n't need too much entry points to enroll , basically everybody willing to commit some time to study can enroll/graduate . 
  gettin ' balkan habits quickly, 
  flair checked . 
  nothing tasteful about that music . 
  ( except when you are drunk and in mood to dance ), 
  [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/wt4l9nztome ) is about flying to mars because maybe there live better women, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3is49vwmwfi music from those times in serbia was hillarious . 
   only thing erasmus did for me was providing me with some money . 
  same here . 
   to remind them to the `` glorious yugoslavia '' . 
  nobody in serbia wants to remember anything from yugoslavia time , let alone those times being glorious for serbs . 
  just look at my flair . 
  no , that 's different thing . 
  actually things like that are sold on alibaba , believe you or not . 
  [ this . 
  ] ( http://cdn.tf.rs/2017/06/06/fontana-na-slaviji-3.jpg ), 
  flair says, 
  german quite often , because of somewhat blonde hair and blue eyes , plus pale face . 
  russian sometimes . 
  only that they are like really far from us and that lisabon had some earthquake and cristiano . 
  i 've lived in gr for few months but i 've only seen them on motorcycles chasing around . 
  and one traffic policeman once . 
  fucken saint kitts and nevis, 
  even in yours ? 
  thanks . 
  i am for sure planning to learn it if i come . 
  good that slovenian turned up - is it really possible to work anywhere with only english ? 
  some international companies ? 
  i plan to - maybe - emigrate to slo . . also , how much is slovenian different from serbian ? 
  if it is like macedonian level of difference it would n't be that hard to get it . 
   tbh greek girls are shit tier compared to serbian girls haha well they are more cockteasing for sure , i was sweating for 2-3 weeks before even gettin ' chance for a date ( never done flirting in a foreign language up to then ) but when she got open it was totally different story it was worth it because she is cool person and quite hot , but lacking topics to talk about and her general mood at the time kinda ruined it , also we both do n't know english that well that we can have deep couples conversations  btw since i live in the deep south do serbs come to greece ? 
  we flood north every year , youngers go to kavos or zakintos while families with kids pick chalkidiki and that strech down to larissa islands are way too luxurious for our middle class, 
  well in schools here 1 is failing while 5 is excellent , so that joke on college '' i got 5 , yay '' is so standard among freshmen :d thessaloniki - greece is a bit costly ( groseries mostly ) so that was n't so helpful ( thanks god rent was quite cheap ) but awesome nightlife , friendly people , been with greek girl ( after her with one serbian haha ) and quite quite exceptional experience . 
  bus strikes are pain in the ass though . 
  from greek - well only to order gyros and frape - which would make me an exception among thousands of serbian tourists this summer :d, 
  i see . 
  i was on erasmus in thessaloniki last autumn , but we were graded something like system in serbia ( 8.5-10 excellent , 6.5-8 .5 good , 5-6 .5 sufficient , 1-5 fail ) so that 's why i am asking . 
  probably erasmus has a standard of grading for all , do n't know . 
  in faculty : 5 is failing , 6 is barely passing , 7 is weak , 8 is ok , 9 is very good , 10 is excellent . 
  i had 8 from mathematics and statistics , and barely i managed to get it , professor was having second doubts should i get 7 or 8 in both cases . 
  you over there ? 
  i know you have some weird grading in schools , like up to 20 iirc, 
  but got only c from mathematics on college ( ??? ), 
  there was admission exam for every faculty ( there was some sort of final exams in high school called '' prom '' literaly , they went from symbolical in gymnasiums to quite strict in medical schools and had nothing to do with enrollement into college ) with two subjects which you had in high schools . 
  some of the combinations of subjects can be quite strange , looking on what faculty you want to enroll . 
  anyway , i enrolled in economics - i had to learn all 4 years of mathematics plus sociology - not so hard in the end . 
  every time i am going to downtown i am passing police station and a policemen standing outside with ak 47 on his shoulder . 
   absolutely love leftists policies if those are leftists i can only imagine what are rightists, 
  been to greek lidls a bunch of times and always got charged , 10 cents iirc . 
  i though it 's some tourst fraud but it was same in thessaloniki , later just started going to massouti ( higher prices but closer ), 
  here it is impossible to touch healthcare issues - as it would take ( acc to my predictions ) around 100 to 200 years to solve all problems , and with a constructive and hard working governments . 
   do they like to sing ? 
  what songs ? 
  peugeot 308 mostly, 
  greece < 3, 
  well both are arabs , do n't know, 
  so why then croats subtitle serbian movies ? 
  what do you mean by same people ? 
  both them and those west of them, 
  time to have common border , paokara ? 
  serbian classics from 70s and 80s , such as [ who is singing over there ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/who%27s_singin%27_over_there%3f ) [ marathonians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_marathon_family ) [ strangler vs strangler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strangler_vs._strangler ) [ how i was systematically destroyed by an idiot ] ( https://movieo.me/movies/how-i-was-systematically-destroyed-by-an-idiot-ldskcp ) . 
  all of them are more or less a critique of a regime plus some have very very memorable scenes . 
  what does that upside down question mark at the beggining of heading even mean ? 
  a year ago , i was walking with my friend when some guy behind me started pushing me aside so he can pass . 
  he looked like a drug addict . 
  i was like : '' wtf , ca n't you ask ? '', 
  he murmured something like a swear word and continued ranting , but silently . 
  i said : '' you are in your forties and arguing with kids '' and started laughing , they he turned around , we pushed each other a bit until a friend took me away . 
  later that friend told he saw him driving a police car . 
  i was like : '' oh shit '' few months afterwards , a patrol entered the caffee where i was with some friends and that guy was among them , as soon as he saw me he started harrasing , making scenes , treating to arrest for an attack on a police officer . 
  other guy was just chilling aside , not reacting at all . 
  there was also standard balkan thing : '' my parents know your superior , be careful - not too many choices to say back then , or , do you have warrant '' . 
  then some people got in brawl with him , like '' leave the kid alone '' , he walked away afterwards . 
  when i got home i told my parents since my mother 's schoolfriend is a commander of police station here , probably he reacted . 
  luckly , i have n't seen that guy afterwards . 
  there are few cats per building here , dogs - here and there . 
  \u040f\u0435\u043a\u0438 - jackie ( a name ), 
  [ kolubara ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kolubara ) maybe . 
  army was in mess , exausted , ammo and food was running low , yet , by actions of courageous commanders and simply by sheer determinantion of an ordinary soldier we pushed austrian out in a matter of two weeks . 
  i like my town - it 's very close to capital , it has a lot of greenery and substantial number of resturants and caffees - yet i want to live abroad at this point in my life . 
  * sighs in austrian *, 
  we have medical , tehnical , agricultural , chemical , economic , electro - tehnical high schools where you can , beside studying regular courses ( to get general education ) have a number of courses related closely to your field of carrer . 
  thus , in medical school you will learn to do job of a nurse , phisiotherapist and laboratory worker ( though two latter ones are a bit more rare , most medical high school especially in smaller places have only nurse courses . 
  in technical high schools you will learn for all sorts of work related to occupations related to construction , communications , electricity . . 
  in agricultural ones there are courses for vets ( this being way most respected concentration there ) . 
  but a great number of these professions is outdated and pupils mostly todays go for stabile things , such as ecology , economics , healthcare . 
  also i believe that this system , though being good in it 's core , needs a fundamental reform . 
  modernisation of education and introducing new professions . 
  if they are under 30 it does n't count, 
  actually i find it rather interesting and relaxing , if we agree that small talk is few words about general stuff . 
  btw , how much of your actions - if you are n't ceo of some corporate magnate - are quite pointless yet you are doing it for sake of rutine ? 
  i mean , chatting with a stranger can break that limbo plus you might meet somebody cool, 
  germany,
