  in the end of june is usually time to round up documentation and submit it on desired university to apply . 
  there are entry exams , usually from two subjects you had in high school relevant to the topic , both are graded with 30 points . 
  success from high school , which is maximum 40 points - having all a 's - round up to 100 . 
  alternatively , if you won some place on state level competition from some of the subjects you wo n't need to do the test and you will automaticaly have 30 points from that subject on entry exams . 
  ee take place in early july . 
  usually a lot of spots on enrollement list is covered by state funding , only a small proportion has to be self - financed . 
  i do n't get that system but anyway about 7-10 days after them , around middle of july comes time for enrolling , filling papers , getting student id and a [ specific notebook where all your grades ] ( https://beleske.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/studentska-knjizica-indeks.jpg ) throughout studies would be noted . 
  it 's about the time as well to pay first part of your tuition if you have n't make it into state funding . 
  ( \u0431\u0443\u045f\u0435\u0442 ) most faculties do not lecture in english , i think only masters studies on faculty of economy and medicine do . 
  for foreign citizens it cost more than for serbian ones i believe . 
   a council of elected professionals enacting the will of a citizen legislature this i hope to see on municipal level in our country , without any party 's conotation , so called \u0433\u0440\u0443\u043f\u0435 \u0433\u0440\u0430\u0452\u0430\u043d\u0430 . 
  central party 's policies are rarely relevant on local level . 
  hardly any , ours are fantastic . 
  maybe baja fresh ( mexican food ), 
  you do n't have bigger meme than \u0160e\u0161elj here , though a lot of current party members are trying to be meme themselves , but invain . 
  actually if meme existed here in the early 90s it would be fantastic , politicians of that era , almost all of them local or minor ones , were hilarious . 
  what the fuck ? 
  what is this supposed to mean ? 
  judges and prosecutors are indeed corrupt , but since most of common population does n't have so much money to bribe them , they finish up punished and sentenced . 
  it 's not like that nobody is doing their job in courts . 
  if you get caught without ticket , you 'll get a fine , if you get caught driving faster than allowed , you 'll be fined . 
  proceedings are slow because courts had n't been reformed seriously since 1945 . 
  bulgaria-serbia thing is a nice story of a regional rivaly and subsequent reconsiliation . 
  bulgarian can be somewhat funny too for ppl here , as it resembles a lot to our southern dialects . 
  about words . . 
  i remember a discusion about a girl who i liked , with a friend from ruse ( those nice old days of erasmus in thessaloniki ) , when he told me suddenly that she is * trudna * ( hard girl to seduce - bulgarian ; pregnant - serbian ) and i jumped instantly , speaking half-serbian half-bulgarian : '' are you serious ? 
  are you normal ? 
  she is ... pregnant ? 
  how that can be ? 
  i have n't seen the belly ? '', 
  - wait , what ? 
  belly ? 
  what does * trudna * means in serbian ? 
  - '' pregnant '' ... 
  laughed for 10 minutes without stopping . 
  * [ turbo-folk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turbo-folk ) * , a term with same conotation as * skyladiko * in greece and , somewhat , * chalga * in bulgaria is a name for music genre which evolved out of interpretation of old folk songs and mixing those rhytms and lyrics with new sounds . 
  it started in late 80s and dominated much of music and night-life scene , and , indirectly sociological and cultural aspect of youth and middle age population in serbia for more than 2 decades . 
  though * turbo-folk * has now somewhat died down ( replaced by even worse mixtures with rap and house added ) it still has formidable reputation and it is something which many youngsters still turn to . 
  in many clubs here playlists go like this : 1 . current world hits 2 . foreign rap or pop 3 . those awful mixtures of rap , house and folk 4 . newer folk 5 . platinum-gold collection of turbo-folk hits current leading artists are just a shadow of pioneers , i sometimes miss days of [ early ceca ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_ppc5ikbk4 ) , [ dragana mirkovi\u0107 ] ( https://youtu.be/rtohrtfy8ls ) , [ nino ] ( https://youtu.be/fo4wwj8ykag ) ... 
  honestly , given that i saw title and your flair , i totaly expected to see '' excluding erdo '' in text section hahah, 
  op 's flair , you know ... 
  slovaks , czechs in bela crkva , ukrainians all over ba\u010dka , even a lot of hungarians are much , much , much more integrated than bosniaks in ra\u0161ka oblast . 
  bosniaks live in their own bubble , especially in novi pazar . 
  i do n't know how you came up to '' bosniaks being integrated '' . 
  hungarians in areas where they are majority are prone to behave like albanians , for example ignoring you when you address them in serbian . 
  best integrated are all that tiny minorities throughout vojvodina . 
  nah , i was out in town and still dizzy when writing this . 
  :d by * disliked by other countries * i meant mostly on croatia and bih , he is far from well liked , though he could have been if he stayed out of politics when he was released from hague . 
  one - language of a populist . 
  only on r/europe, 
  swedish action movie - porn, 
  i 'm still shocked by ignorance of many people on r/europe . 
  they literaly think we are all mass murderers . 
  how do we exactly fit into these two ? 
  deep south , border with bulgaria , even some central parts . 
  a lot of them hate serbs so much ( but like serbian state aid ) that they would hardly be serbs . 
  they are n't , lmao . 
  who told u that ? 
  waiting for libtards to come to explain you how romania is to blame because it is doing nothing to prevent them for their way of living . 
   worst kind of people in europe actually hard title to get but so true, 
  they certainly do n't live in tents , they live in better houses than serbs . 
  no , nobody does it . 
  in stateside i had to , i was under 18, 
  i cycle to gym and mother cycles to work , but only during summer and in early autumn . 
  retired people , kids , a lot of women - who does n't have car or it is too costly to buy gasoline - all they cycle . 
  outside of towns infrastructure is non existent , you need to keep to your right cycling and if the road is narrow , it is pain in the ass for drivers . 
  actually infrastructure on roads in us was much better than here , when i was in oregon i cycled without problem on a designated one-meter strip of road , without hindering traffic . 
  elementary ( ages 7 - 15 ) : 600 high school , gymnasium ( 15 - 18 ) : 2000-3000, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star%c4%8devo ) [ 3 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dolovo,_pan%c4%8devo ) [ 5 . 
  your current municipalities are , by population , size of an average village in my area . 
  50 m2 , with parents . 
  but it 's compact , with two rooms and a kitchen in between , with bathroom and relatively wide anteroom . 
  and it has a terrace large enough for two people to sit and drink coffee . 
  as long as they are n't bombing it 's ok . 
  you know what 's even more funny ? 
  that a lot of younger roma do that too here . 
  r/askeurope is really delusional about tourism in montenegro . 
  maybe area around budva and be\u010di\u0107i is a bit more high-class , looking nice and attractive to western tourists , but overall it 's a destination with cold and dirty water , without sewers , without hot water in many seaside places and inhospitable hosts ( at least towards serbs ) . 
  herzeg novi and kotor are picturesque towns but that 's about all . 
  view at sea from hills around petrovac is certainly one of most spectacular you 'll ever see though . 
  already been for serbs in 2000s . 
  ( before greece canceled visas ), 
  before 1914 was a one of rare bright points in our existence . 
  country was free from turks , economy was developing , in the start of 20th century even general population started to feel better . 
  some factories were open too . 
  after ww1 economy was doing well , especially after great depression - many of buildings in downtown belgrade date to mid to late 1930s . 
  also during those years a lot of factories which are generally credited to communists were open . 
  but politicaly speaking , it was a disaster which culminated during ww2 and nineties . 
  very cocky and irritating . 
  made of people prone to believe biggest success in a life is to be in a uniform and show off to others who are n't - especially among younger , low ranking members ( with whom most people have daily contact ) . 
  trying to avoid them as much as i can . 
  some one which very rapidly transformed into capitalism , and preferably without any remains of communist times among masses , thanks . 
   they 're equally beautiful imo i can understand if you have n't been on those '' beaches '' and that sea at all . 
  one greek friend told me that marriage of his parents was arranged by their parents ( he is 20 years old ) , but i have to point out that it he was born on some smaller island . 
  nineties . 
  ( in economic and socialogical terms , and i would even say psychological term too , due to being a start of a spiral of downfall and beggining of human misery here ), 
  really ? 
  ordinary caffee ( meaning not being tematic one or some fancy bs ) is usualy really cheap - depending on location but prices are usually acceptable . 
  for example , ordinary coffee ( it 's called domestic coffee ) is n't more than 1.5 euro even in downtown belgrade , espresso , capuccino , nes and all that coffees do n't go above 2.5,
