  for some reason we use '' \u0107 '' , all other slavs who use cyrrilic say it with '' \u043a '' . 
  well '' pust/pusto '' means empty in serbian , i believe it 's same with other slavic languages, 
  looks like you guys got measles, 
  you wan na remove \u045b\u0438\u0440\u0438\u043b\u0438\u0446\u0430 ? 
  what ? 
  romanian orthodox churches exist both in banat and in eastern serbia . 
  true !, 
  erasmus was fantastic for me , it helped me to understand living abroad , without family , i think every student should have that opportunity . 
  sorry for the swiss . 
  thessaloniki is going to bomb us, 
  what are u trying to say ? 
  that people killed in nato bombing are justified ? 
  we have to agree that both of those things are tragedies , sad events in history of this part of world , no need to compete who has bigger pain . 
  i find that extremely ridiculous . 
  i was triggered by his attitude . 
  it is completely disgraceful . 
  however , if we are going to start a circlejerk , serbs have suffered from those genocide albanians , especially after 1999 . 
  is there any difference ? 
  please . 
  do n't try to be uncivic , both things are tragedy . 
  are u trying to start a circlejerk ? 
  please . 
   killed a few civilians i honestly wish you to be a family member of one of those few civilians . 
  at least for a day . 
   pozdrav is australije !, 
  greetings from serbia to australia . 
   peace between montenegro and america i remembered another r/balkanjokes joke . 
  * whistles as trying to find home country among those listed *, 
  never heard of it . 
  such a caring husband . 
  i hope future home for next two years , because of masters degree . 
  in other slavic languages it goes by \u010ce\u0161ka or variations of that name . 
  am i wrong ? 
  we are very hungry for others territories and we will carry [ white eagles ] ( http://www.mfa.gov.rs/sr/images/stories/slike/srbija-grb_wp_537.jpg ) all the way to japan, 
  bulgarian irredentist and revisionist checked . 
  third balkan war checked . 
  i believe we should have colaborated too , nazi colaborators finished in eu while we are opening chapters for years . 
  plus cyprus , faroe and malta . 
  meaning , united kingdom of scattered european islands ( exluding ireland ), 
  '' so much financial aid that we do n't have to work , luxury apartment and hot chicks is all we need in yurop . '', 
  is n't russia actually having a growth of population in the last few years ? 
  that 's what happens when u are feed 24/7 of imminent russian invasion of an x country bordering it , torture of gays , crackdown on human rights . . add to it common stereotype of russians being portrayed as negatives and that 's how you get it . 
  glad we finished with at least one enmity , we came a long way in improving relations with bulgaria . 
  we can be a cooperative country if the other side is too . 
   if our nationalists knew how to use internet really ? 
  here nationalism experienced a renaissance in the 2000s with the mass coming of internet , of course that frenzy has died down a lot by now but back in the days it was a rally point for most of them . 
  this must be extremely triggering for bulgarians . 
  oh not , it 's him again !, 
  strangely for balkans to not to have idea , a whole bunch of people from here migrated to australia , especially in the last 25 years . 
  dunno , i lived in greece last autumn and people were friendly and helpful to me when i tell them i am from serbia . 
  eldery a bit more then younger , though . 
   portugal  greece https://youtu.be/wzdhlltoevc, 
  i never said they went to ukraine , i said that i think it 's an ukrainian impression about these countries based from what they see in movies and on tv . 
  probably thinking about criminals from ex yu . 
  i solemnly proclaim this guy biggest hater of serbs in greece, 
  serbia in the 14th century, 
   never been there . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milan_i_of_serbia  any more historical misconceptions you harbour that need explaining ? 
  no thanks , i recommend some narodnjaci as a token of serbian bulgarian friendship which managed to persist in spite of people like you . 
  [ in that name !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuz9obiufrs ), 
   anyone on the internet you clearly never have visited our community , r/serbia , which is not pro-russian at least to say , and sometimes quite anti-russian . 
  now , your comment is non - sence . 
  it is n't serbian people who made parade for putin , but authorities which were trying to obtain a loan with good interest back then . 
  then you speak about people on internet , i do n't think there are too much of our current politicians there . 
   willing satellite of moscow what about berlin congress ? 
  back in the days when you were empire and when russia blessed your territorial ambitions , just to gain a trust ally in balkans ? 
  kinda forgot that one ? 
   bringing up people 's nationality dude , read first part of your answer, 
  not really . 
  turkey is looked as patron in sarajevo , moscow is seen as friend and potential ally here . 
  on the other hand bulgaria used to be russian satelite on balkans , is that somehow connected to the tone of this comment ? 
  flair checked . 
  username checked . 
  retoric expected . 
  i do n't know anybody who cheered for them , honestly . 
  do n't know why would anybody cheer for them . 
  yet they would love to be . 
  wannabe turks who hate being called turks . 
  is n't some platonic love towards turkey present in sarajevo ? 
  that 's a civil war in a country with majority of participants being syrian , it has internal implications and not too much to do with relations of arab states . 
  though , i would say that gulf kingdoms tend to have superior stance than other me/na arab nations . 
  stalin is from georgia . 
  guy said turkish military can reach to hungarian border without problem . 
  i said balkan armies are capable to defend against any sort of turkish invasion in balkans . 
  shut up or read more carefuly . 
  i , a westerner ? 
  buahahahahaha op : if you are from some eastern turkey 's / anatolia erdogan 's powerhouse , then i could pass as a westerner . 
  i have a friend that is identical in appearence to the boss in this video - and he has his own company , at the age of 25 . 
  first - ask eu to let our experienced kebab removalists from hague . 
   erdogan 's chances  if he wins i just explained why his chances are slim . 
  oh please , turkish military is n't nearly able for any such thing , greeks have quite strong army plus our forces are n't really to be dumped . 
  protests against dictatorship - turkish version ? 
  if it is , stay safe and use social networks + reddit to get foreign media to notice it . 
  fully supportive of your actions . 
  our two nations share same problem these days . 
  brace ourselves . 
  these idiots are really into what their narcisstistic leader speaks . 
  i would n't be surprised if he declares war on somebody in the near future , renewing the ottoman empire . 
  we 'll shoot them as well .
