  oh , a normal minded croat who says that actually their own serbs rebelled against croatia and seized those lands and not some muh agression muh serbian imperialism , i 'm going to get drunk just as i planned to . 
  you clearly do n't live in balkans . 
  yeah , those agressors who live next door, 
  or ... red parts being economicaly sustainable ( zagreb , istra , rijeka , vara\u017edin ) while blue parts being poor ( lika , kordun , slavonija , continental dalmacija ) . 
  furthermore , if you have different attitude towards immigration than * old europe * you are labeled as chauvinist . 
  except for his unexplainable ( though both are wannabe authoritarians ) support for our president , i like this guy stance towards migrants . 
  sadly , there are a number of one - child schools here too, 
  italy does n't have large immigrant population from middle east north africa that can turn jihadi and terrorist . 
  i think same goes for spain . 
  though there was some bombings in madrid in 2004 but i think it was because of their military involvement in iraq . 
  whataboutisam . 
  btw that same europe commited horrible crimes in byzantium 250 years prior to it . 
  comparing * europe * and * byzantium * of those times means you do n't really understand medieval history . 
  speaking of what sounds they produce , could be . 
   that is what sovereignty means cause it 's totally ok to come and convert church to mosque and behave like nothing special happened . 
  i really want to see turkish reacton if an orthodox priest walks in and starts having liturgy * cuz hagia sophia used to be church too *, 
  ah , not really . 
  we too have problems with fertility rate . 
  though i tend to notice way more children around me then when i was kid . 
  listening to that story throughout my whole life, 
  just this is n't a mosque , but a museum . 
  you think moderates could n't arrest and imprison all those people back in 2011 and 2012 . 
  they needed their battle hardness and experience from iraq and they believed they could control them . 
  oh look who is talking . 
  then why you do n't let russians in donetsk and crimea go away , when you can so easily speak about dividing syria ? 
  pausing a war ? 
  lol . 
   if someone had destroyed assad 's artillery early on if someone actually did something to remove jihadist elements from opposition you just might have had a constructive agreement on some sort of reform , instead of surrenders of rebels strongholds and shipping jihadists to idlib, 
   behind the serbs and macedonians, 
  is nothern ireland a clearly divided society ? 
  meaning , do catholics and protestants interact or it is no no zone ? 
  [ oh really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1879_population_census_in_bosnia_and_herzegovina ) ? 
  segregation in an already segregated society ? 
  this things are 25 years late . 
  simply saying that alternative to assad is mayhem of gangs looting/internal infighting/maniacs beheading minorities heads . 
  plus very weak central government and rebellion by formal assad top members and officiers . 
  so secular government is truly the best in this case . 
  well you started '' pkk assadists '' sort of rethoric , i just - based on your previous comment how there is n't a place to discuss syrian war on reddit ( due to pkk assadists ) - said how this is something a green/black rebels and their supporters will say . 
  did i say explicitly it was you ? 
  you clearly have n't been enough on that sub , it has all sorts of people , true that most of them are from the west and only see * government fighting jihadists/us proxies/saudi mercenaries * and ca n't grasp what dictatoriship truly is ( like you and i could have judging by our flairs ) . 
  assad is far from best thing ever but it is most stabile solution for syria , which is tragedy of a revolution when even most of its original supporters admit that dictatorship is best alternative . 
  pkk , assadists , iranian mercenaires , shia infidiels ... is just what you can hear from average black/green rebels supporter . 
   us would n't have shot a plane down there if it was n't targeting the sdf murica doeznt make mistakes ??? 
   pkk and assadist  there 's no un-biased placed to discuss syria implying it should be place for green and black rebels ' supporters, 
  maybe because it took several hundered years drove turkey out and that was completed only 100 and some years ago ? 
  * horst wessel lied intensifies *, 
  exactly . 
  i just love how '' california '' is written , or different colors of different states and even some state 's motto written . 
  unlike bg 123 - aa for serbia for example, 
  our plates are so shitty , i simply despise them . 
  [ russian plates ] ( http://www.licenseplates.tv/images/eurusa0.gif ), 
  switzerland do n't have these blue things in front , only red shield with white cross, 
  then by duke and then by king . 
  all were from same family but changed titles as they were gaining international acclamation . 
  russians hahaha homo hahaha ... oops h is just n in cyrrilic, 
  resembles our tv show from nineties where a thief from serbia bought or inherited noble title in italy and returned here pretending to be italian count . 
  maybe it is a different thing when you are an eu member . 
  a bunch of people went from here as '' gastarbeiter '' in 60s and 70s only to return with german pensions to live until they pass away . 
   improves immigration and emigration will switch around very hardly it would happen anywhere in eastern europe . 
  serbia had period of strong gdp growth in early and mid 2000s yet few people who left in the nineties returned . 
  also , when those people get children those children will feel part of their new homeland most often . 
   to lobbying and support for our independence . 
  [ he he he he he ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ua1wb-fovq ), 
  it 's kinda needless to point continously that rts is under regime control , of course it would be as it it is state television . 
  for other things i agree, 
  so nice seeing my country having both of its autonomous provinces in its borders . 
   no opposition http://rs.n1info.com/ http://pescanik.net/, 
  except that da\u010di\u0107 and vu\u010di\u0107 would still lead negotiations , she would be dealing with managerial jobs and local authorities . 
  so what , croatian ca n't be born in belgrade , i do n't get ? 
  http://www.wallpapers-web.com/data/out/131/4921675-lucy-pinder-wallpapers.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/54/45/ab/5445aba1bbc021b8bdb026339d6fffd2.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/96/cf/47/96cf474b48365d44bd538a26b3b02035.jpg, 
  sad samo da vas \u010dujem da rantate ne\u0161to o serbia being chauvinistic, 
  she is nothing different than other vu\u010di\u0107 's puppets, 
   is croatian, 
   is n't a remnant she would be one day , of a treacherous and thievish vu\u010di\u0107 's regime . 
  eu investments more likely . 
  smart marketing move , no opposition media would dare to criticise her as they would be label as homophobs, 
  bullshit by president , trying to get as much praise as possible from the west for it, 
  that man with the grey hair , far left : '' interesting move by this lady . '', 
  what , golf is n't top one in bosnia ? 
  parking lot for trailer trucks who wait until credentials and warrants arrive ? 
   they will stop trucks  if serbia does n't pay taxes does prishtina have tax autorities to deal with it , instead of marxists anarchists ? 
   has anarcho-marxist origins oh that 's how you call blocking trucks with serbian goods and protesting against brussels negotiations, 
  i meant on whole bombing , obviously, 
  or maybe you think murdering civilians because of murdering civilians is okay . 
  no matter are obrenovi\u0107i or kara\u0111or\u0111evi\u0107i in power in serbia at the time , germany , france and uk will still be having their struggle about dominance in both europe and around world and antagonism between germany and russia would still be present . 
  same can apply for question '' would there be ww1 if princip had n't shot anybody ? '', 
  why would croatian bother posting this , with heading formulated in such way ... ? 
  * scratching head *, 
  '' capital '' of your flair got all of its bridges destroyed plus oil rafinery severely damaged , ca n't tell do you support it or not . 
  no comment whatsoever . 
  this is thread about kosovo war , and i 'm seeing bunch of kroasani here talking about things unrelated to the content of the article . 
  why ? 
  thing is ( you can speak whatever you want i do n't care ) as long as croatia did not became independent state yugoslav army was legaly putting down revolt on territory of yugoslavia . 
  if yugoslav army came after independence was declared it would be invasion . 
  i 'm not sure did croatia became independent on 8th october or 25th june . 
  if it is latter one , you ca n't really invade your own ( formaly ) part of territory with your army , you can only realocate troops to fight . 
  a guy with egocentric character and dictatorical ambitions who is only in power because he is pushing pro eu policy ? 
  come to live here for few months and you will see, 
  til, 
  why mastermind ori\u0107 fleed srebrenica before it was about to fall ?
