  it is n't about ethnicity , it 's about mindset . 
  ca n't remember you had any battle 600 years ago in bujanovac to commemorate . 
  ah yeah , you did n't even lived in kosovo 600 years ago . 
  every year it 's more or less same ( this year a bit more extreme though ) and since more or less same people who have already been a ton of time on kosovo and went through this controls go on such things , they pretty much got used to it . 
  it 's a place of pilgrimage essentially , their police are provoking a little more than usual this year , probably due to their elections . 
  essentially a stereotype , cause them ( especially women ) are - at least earlier - known to be very diligent and hardworking . 
  on my quite limited knowledge of greek , it means that manchester is part of london ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  last time i checked croats hated being listed in balkans hahah, 
  i bet i know how it looked like here . 
  '' democracy ? 
  you mean [ democratic party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_party_ ( serbia ) ? 
  [ tadi\u0107 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boris_tadi%c4%87 ) ? 
  [ dinki\u0107 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mla%c4%91an_dinki%c4%87 ) ? 
  well screw that democracy . 
  could be . 
  greek banks are slowly closing their subsidiaries ( at least in serbia , do n't know about bulgaria ) , but ... banking in balkans has reached bottom basicaly , there are sooo many uncollectable claims , interest on saving is around 1 % here ( meaning loan interest ca n't be any much higher as you would be dealing with more and more uncollectable claims , thus meaning more wasted money ) - prospects for bank boom here is miserable , at least . 
  what 's so fucken funny , i live in another part of europe , here paramilitary is associated with guerilla and terorism, 
  i 've read a lot about troubles - wanted to do my thesis in high school about it - yet some things still puzzle me : did , after 1998 , some remnants of ira went into hiding , like underground , in the woods , with weapons ? 
  also , who is now conducting those attacks ? 
  those same people or some new faces ? 
   usual pissing contests with serbia or xenophobia yup , xenophobia towards serbs became quite usual thing in cro . 
  too much crimes and hatred towards you makes you one who hates in the end . 
  just like with opressed kids , when they grow up they turn in psychopaths very often . 
  no intention to offend poles , but i ca n't get any reasonable conclusion . 
  between '' christ is right '' and '' my child would n't have a proper clothing , education , life '' , well . . 
  it has nothing to do with communism . 
  at least directly . 
  like here , people there are fully aware that they can not rise children without being unable to provide best they can for them . 
  so they migrate or chose not to have kids . 
  and still having positive birth rates, 
  get ready europe ? 
  in context of these areas , it would be ridiculous to call that hatred a racism , so chauvinism or xenophobia are used instead . 
   serbs against croats also counts as racism serbians and croatians are same race , and i believe it was the case in the 90s as well . 
  what for ? 
  it 's not like serbia genocided blacks , lol . 
  passanger train and post office . 
  about time , after 45 years . 
  i was drinking 0.5 l per day for something like 10 days and i got a bit belly . 
  i was eating normaly and exercising as well . 
  so it is n't myth . 
  fighting beer belly, 
  armani language ? 
  today we live in modern day liberal democracy , it is horrific to even hold a rifle ( let alone shoot ) yet it is totally ok to do it playing video games whole day . 
  i 'd really like to hear explanation from participants . 
  it 's case in every balkan country . 
  i just recently found out that we actually had lost some battles in balkan wars , in textbooks they are usually overlooked or skipped . 
  did i asked for your help ? 
  because i can , right ? 
  it 's easy to speak like that from aside and 75 years after . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/7th_ss_volunteer_mountain_division_prinz_eugen#war_crimes sorry , but these people were civilians as well . 
  partisans who witnessed these crimes or were part of families of killed went on to do the same . 
  war is a circle in which people are trying to do more harm to each other . 
  it is n't an excuse , but it is n't total surprise or shock if it happens because of revenge . 
  it is questionable would hitler keep his promise ( remember the pact with ussr ) plus , people were n't protesting asking for war ( maybe communists did ) but against pact with a nation which many saw as an enemy and with which many of them fought with 20 and so years before . 
  it was all '' germans '' back then , no matter is it austria or germany . 
   but children certainly did n't care much , and they were inprisoned as well ones who did it ( mostly partisans from bosnia and montenegro ) lost their own children to prinz eugen division or saw how somebody else loses it , i read a description of some local partisan asking for germans not to be imprisoned or shot , when a partisan from bosnia told him that it is what exactly happened to his family at hands of '' this germans '' . 
  something like that . 
   i have no sympathy for anyone who protested it yep , go ahead and kill all of them , so nazi like . 
  i recommend some reading about what thinking and opinions of germans in yu after ww1 . 
  kulturbund papers were identical to modern day serbian tabloids , blatantly attacking current yugoslav regime and openly insulting other minorities , not only serbs . 
  after nazis came to power in germany , they were so excalted ( much like today alt right with trump ) . 
  kulturbund literally transformed in a matter of a few years in a nazi outpost here . 
  germans were , under the cover of studies , sent to germany on some sort of trainings for undercover work in their home countries , it was the case in every country which had a substantial folksdeutsche population . 
  on april 6th , they were most entusiastic minority in yugoslavia . 
  during 27th march demonstrations , they literaly wrote down who was participating and then handed it over to the vermacht when they came . 
  on a road from timisiora to belgrade they throwed flowers at german troops , oto skorzeny wrote about that . 
  folksdeutsche immidieately set up institutions throughout banat , and , for example in my town they hanged and shot 36 people because few german troops shot at each other . 
  whole german population of the town came to watch and cheer . 
  where that necessary ? 
  is that justified ? 
  when i said spitted , i was n't talking about treason , i was talking what german craftsmen and officers were doing since 18th century in vojvodina , turning this region into europe from an ottoman perifery . 
  and they all blatantly pushed that aside because they were dissatisfied with division of territories after 1918 . 
  downvote me as much as you can , when you collaborate and support a losing regime do not be surprised when the winning one comes asking for a payback . 
  especially after so horrific crimes their members commited . 
  lol , ask women and children who survived rampance of ss prinz eugen division how were they treated . 
  or people who were in logor svilara . 
  folksdeutsche spitted on their 200 year old history in vojvodina in last 4 years by supporting or collaborating with wermacht , i do n't see why reprisals come as a surprise . 
  plus , this '' monument '' has nothing do to with actual crimes , it is about how to stick even more up merkel ass . 
  what is next , memorial to uck ? 
  maybe condeming genocide of dahije during first uprsing ? 
  wtf, 
  where were these authors in early 2000s , it was a renessiance of right groups with the coming of internet . 
  macron is kinda black in this one . 
   illegitimate you are currently on a sub which says it is illegitimate for russia to unite with russian majority territory , because of some treaties - which are in fact irrational thinking of several major communists in ussr at the time . 
  would n't be actually other way around ? 
  especially given the recent circumstances . 
  inside are few icons and a place to light candles . 
  nothing big , but a great achievement . 
  serbia has been doing it since 2000 . 
  help to our friends . 
  is n't that an axiom ? 
  soldiers have to be patriots because it is expected from them to lay down their lives for country . 
  chill out , serbia has nowhere as near as that number of people . 
  not as near as in countries around us who are in eu . 
   happened and is happening in serbia what is happening in serbia ? 
   they also have less education wut, 
  this song has actually a very strong message , although i do n't listen these guys i really like a lot this song !, 
  scroll down the comments and u will find explanation of lyrics . 
  no more turkish pies \u266a \u266b,
