  some of our girls probably dumped him, 
  sure , but bunch of people do n't know how to multiply basic numbers . 
  functions , integrals and derivatives , i do n't wan na even coment that . 
  actually i know this cartoon . 
  it was aired like 12 yrs ago here . 
  our '' cartoons '' . 
  guess we here are stars of r/europe . 
  same thing , is n't it ? 
  or is it not ? 
  so why you did n't declared independence then, 
  there was n't any referendum . 
  negligible difference . 
  i always found funny when you enter gr at evzoni and it says '' welcome to macedonia '' . 
  in serbian '' skot '' is like idiot . 
  ca n't just migrate on , can you, 
  i love that french nickname with that white crescent, 
  yes , that 's true . 
  but , on the other hand , similar pattern was among some bulgarian , greek and albanian nobility , as they rushed to gain credits from their new masters by joining them against their former allies and friends . 
  well , there were some greeks who rose as high as the grand vezir position . 
  more like 350 years . 
  what happened in 2016 ? 
  from every single balkan country . 
  '' jasenovac was working camp , people died of fly ! '', 
  or '' my mission is fulfiled , yugoslavia excists no more '' - stipe mesi\u0107, 
  [ let 's say ] ( https://youtu.be/xaboexab_gw ), 
  istanbul has more inhabitants then all of balkan countries . 
  they would reach to atlantic if there was n't normandy landings , plus , allying with west was n't of any particular help to them ( they got jeeps and food , sure ) but all the fighting had to be done by the red army itself . 
  bulk of german forces were destroyed on eastern front and if there was n't an invasion on ussr , west alone could never have been able to defeat germany . 
   russia ca n't support an invasion of europe 1944 proves otherwise, 
  i never said that they are refugees , you said that . 
  refugee flees to closest safe territory to take shelter from conflict . 
  refugee does n't cross half of the world to get to countries which , what a coincidence , offer generous welfare programs . 
  go to camps , or go home . 
  they loot from people , vandalise properties , attack women and last week even tried to hijack child from a mother in obrenovac . 
  since it is clear that you would n't get to w europe , leave us alone or at least try to behave civilly . 
  i had coffee once there , with one special person . 
   i miss time in thessaloniki , ca n't wait to come back again . 
  eu trojan horse , it says . 
  serbia is n't in eu , facts say . 
  as far as i understood , they had separated for slovakians and non - slovakians . 
  meaning that serbs/hungarians/romanians / slovakians who want to continue studies in serbia would have classes in serbian and professors , no matter are they slovakians or not , would have to give lectures in serbian . 
  also , there was a slovakian part where they had lectures exclusively in slovakian . 
  i believe same pattern applies to other minorities . 
  now , my town has very small percent of minorities so all classes in both elementary and high schools are on serbian , in those areas with high percent of minorities i think they have serbian/language of a minority who is majority or substantialy present in elementary schools taught together for all . 
  in order to enter eu serbian autorities gave enormous power to minorities on local level , especially in vojvodina . 
  for example , if a minority is a majority in that area , even if a municipality is minority-majority case , a mayor must always be from minority ranks . 
  mayor of subotica is almost always hungarian , municipality close to my town which has slovakian relative majority , but also substantial serbian , hungarian and romanian minorities always have slovakian for mayor etc. 
  there is always serbian written on signs , but in shops and in street in hungarian dominated parts you can hardly make use of serbian language . 
  ppl will just ignore you or pretend they do not know serbian , although they learned it in school . 
  i honestly do n't know how minorities in public service communicate with their nationality , probably on mother tongue . 
  but my friend used to go to high school in that slovakian populated place and he told me that , although he and other 2 girls were only serbs in class professors ( slovakian ) would give lectures in serbian . 
  i do n't know for each and every of these lands , but vojvodina would be probably the last one to secede . 
  surely , hungarian dominated parts can , but makeup of serbian population ( partialy result by historical movements of people ) is such that castile would be probably more likely to secede from spain than vojvodina from srb . 
  i see from my country , more and more people tend to leave unmarried and not plan children in any near future . 
  how come ireland and france have so high rate ? 
  i can get for e europe , poverty makes marriage and giving birth one of last things to care about . 
  it 's foolish to think that russia has any influence whatsoever on leaders in region ( except maybe for dodik ) . 
  i know it can sound a bit odd , but , on the second thought : all leaders are pushing for eu agenda and majority of leaders enjoy eu support . 
  things happening can benefit russia 's foreign interests in one way or another , but it 's far cry from planning train games in moscow . 
  lol, 
  regarding church influence and overall power of church , it is . 
  by no means any church is more powerful and more influencial in europe than in balkans . 
  btw , how come you are n't on balkans , last time i was in gr you were ? 
  balkans is entirely different story . 
  it is related , it show that that resolution is nothing more than a piece of paper , while muslims actively took part in the atrocities . 
  you can say this or you can say that , but it 's a clear proof . 
  also , i do n't know for bih , but last year in sandzak they dressed in uniforms like those wore by handschar troops , so you ca n't say it is n't celebrated among muslims . 
  one of reasons while chetniks are hailed , though it is now much , much less than it used to be is because they sheltered people and protected them in some serbian parts of bosnia from ustashe and handschar attacks . 
  and i ca n't remember of any statue to any chetnik beside one of their commander in his hometown . 
   what the croats did to the serbs in ww2 was the same what serbs did to the croats . 
  well ... not at all . 
  about resolution : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/13th_waffen_mountain_division_of_the_ss_handschar_ ( 1st_croatian ), 
  not really . 
  turmoils were present even during the interwar kingdom , when croatian deputies in the national assembly would regulary walk out of sessions , interrupting work on purposely . 
  biggest croatian party as early as 1921 was one calling for croatian breakaway . 
  even a croatian deputy was killed by serbian one in 1928 during one of the sessions , causing king to impose dictatorship . 
  ww2 clearly has shown why multi ethnic states have failed , likewise in yu as throughout europe nazi sponzored regimes made cleansings of their opponents , in this case croat - muslim genocide of serbs , i highly recommend getting informed about it since much of serbian acts in cro and bih in the 90s were because of fears of what happened during ww2 . 
  socialism tried to abolish nationhood , yet every nation was given number in priviligies in some area and some other in another areas , as to no nation become the most powerful . 
  lines among republics were drawn yet question of serb minorities in bih and cro was n't solved ( we live in one country after all , as one communist official put it in that way ) , and general feeling among elites then was to cut any talk about nationalism as of fear from tito . 
  maybe it was a mistake , maybe if they cleared boundiaries till the end we would n't have such a bloody breakaways . 
  nationalistic movements were cut down , people were put to trials or driven out of the party , if they were members . 
  i believe that country was disfunctional from the start , as croatians and slovenes just got liberated from one empire where they were opressed and rushed immideately into another country where they were n't majority , instead of having their own countries . 
  as of serbs , it was a golden chance to unite all serbs yet catastrophical acts of our king made it impossible . 
  beat [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdlmsinqnom ) 1:05, 
  map of wishes used to be a bit larger in the past , what happened in the meantime ? 
  i do n't blame him , only way one could get into power at that time on both sides in bosnia was to support west and high representative office , when he got into position it was a whole different story . 
  of course we are back to axiom of balkan politics , you are nationalist when west turn back on you and when your position has become shaken . 
  still , i see him as more patriotic then most politicans in serbia . 
  on the same man who they helped to come to power in republika srpska * or * how politics in balkans are easily adaptable according to current needs . 
  as if 1991 has n't shown that already . 
  because there was an idea to swap puntos and older yugo models made in kragujevac car factory for 500l produced there . 
  but those car look like pot a bit . 
  dra\u0161kovi\u0107 is n't a relevant politician in serbia for at least 15 years , actually he lost much of his power he had in the early 90s when much of other opposition leaders back from him in 1997 . 
  he is known as famous writer and one of first to rose up against milo\u0161evi\u0107 , yet now his party is n't more than a satelit one inside the ruling party . 
  what false history ? 
   in the deqan case it was kfor that had to take out serbian idiots who were destroying the frescos btw . 
  for the rest , the pictures speak for themselves . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_unrest_in_kosovo i just linked this article so people can see actual facts , i do n't want to bother commenting this bullshit anymore . 
  serb boy was shot on 15th march , followed by drowning of three albanian kids who were appareantly drowned by serbs , something like that . 
  which was used as a pretext for protests and burning of monasteries and property .
