  tito did n't allowed bosnians to identify as bosnians ? 
  i think you are taught some other history over there . 
  btw , i know this is going to be a circlejerk since u/vuckic is a famous bosnian redditor who likes to provocate serbs , so i 'm shutting immidieately . 
  [ pljeskavicaaaa ] ( http://www.serbiatouristguide.com/live/digitalassets/4307_pljesak.jpg ) worsest - imitations of gyros and burgers , just bypass those things, 
  eldery mostly do , youngsters usualy not ( though some are fans of him and i simply despise these people ) , middle aged people are stuck in between and are largely clueless generations , in my opinion , as they have lived through economic downfall and disintegration , without being mature enough to taste life in yu and being too old to feel pulse of the 2000s and 2010s . 
  i ca n't be a fan of a man who was n't working for serbian interests , which government was oppresive , who was undermining my ethnicity due to others having upper hand and , as an economist , i ca n't be a fan of any form of communism as it is bullshit - speaking economicaly . 
  i understand nostalgia yet facts are facts , and the guy was a dictator and an egoist . 
  also the climate of being passive , politicaly , was created . 
  you do n't make problems , you do n't comment politics , and you will be rewarded with a job and a flat . 
  it has became stuck in minds of many , many people . 
  that even today a wannabe dictator is looming . 
  we would feel consequences of that idiotism for a loooooong time . 
  which are economic migrants in the end , because serbia/croatia were perfectly safe back then . 
  just with poor economic conditions . 
  edit : well , a good part of croatia was . 
  muslim refugees took shelter there en masse during bosnian war . 
  cyrril made cyrrilic for slavs to use in modern day czechia . 
  as conversion by byzantium failed there , it was adopted by part of southern slavs ( bulgarians and serbs ) , with the conversion of russians it was adopted as their letter as well . 
  in modern times , due to some vowels ( i think ) it is found out that russian could n't be written properly in latinic so it was given up on this . 
  yep , i do n't understand how it is so hard to get that those people are n't refugees . 
  plus those camps ca n't be that bad , some syrians are living there for years . 
  but it is much nicer to live in germany , receiving benefits . 
  not so open minded for such bullshit . 
  plus , you have n't answered my why people from peaceful countries are moving in . 
  they ca n't be refugees even by most liberal definitions . 
  well as soon as they leave , they are leaving for their own , exclusive , benefit , meaning that they become migrants . 
  btw what is the reason of soo many people from peaceful , yet poor countries to come ? 
  why are afgans migrating now when there is war for decades there ? 
  i get that they have so many tech these days that they can cross the world with their * fancy phones * but reasons to leave afghanistan existed 30 yrs ago just like today . 
  sorry for your effort , but that 's definiton of an economic migrant . 
  refugee flees to first safe area and stays there , hoping to return to home as soon as possible , migrant moves on . 
  i do n't know how ketchup tastes in the us - here is quite okay and tasteful . 
  how it is debunked ? 
  got ta say thank you for greece who sent massive quantities of aid and food , and also sheltered some of the refugees children so that they can go to vacation and sea - most of them for the first time in their lives . 
  yep , refugees . 
  you got ta be very desperate and frighten refugee to flee half way across the globe to '' hide . '', 
  why is that so strange ? 
  that 's croatian, 
  well , be lucky that you are living in the west . 
   barbarian . 
  look who is telling me, 
  actually relations - between people more or less - but between governments could n't be any worse . 
  milo \u0110ukanovi\u0107 is portrayed as last dictator in europe - not that he is n't , press writes a lot about discrimination of serbs in mne . 
  montenegrin mafia tends to go into hiding into serbia , having gun shootouts often on streets here . 
  between people , well , there was a stereotype that montenegrins are leeching of serbia - goes back to communism and pulling member after member of family to work in serbia , eventually occuping a lot of managerial positions - there is a joke : what is a montenegrin when he gets borned ? 
  a director !, 
  but it was trend all around yu as people from undeveloped areas were coming to centers of economy and industry . 
  lately , it has been associated with crimminals . 
  i would say that people in both countries were glad when separation occured , though montenegrins still have a lot of benefits ( especially when it comes to studying ) here , mostly because it 's hard to tell a difference between a serbian and a montenegrin . 
  latter can identify as serb in order to get those benefits . 
  aleko saved our lives , mostly because it 's robust , when me and my granfather had a crash . 
  so i had a bit of a sympathy for russian cars . 
  ketchup on spaghetti ? 
  lmao, 
  are u kidding me ? 
  ketchup on pizza is axiom here . 
  there is no pizza without ketchup or some kind of sauce . 
  refugees as migrants moving to europe ? 
  looking at them pretty much every day , they do n't seem ( financialy ) any worse than most serbs . 
  sitting in caffees and playing on their fancy cell phones - not so bad life . 
  speaking of other sorts of refugees , well my dad is refugee from bosnia , my girlfriend dad is refugee from croatia , i 've seen and had contact with ton of these people - pretty hard faiths mostly but pretty tough characters too . 
  everybody here , when goes to austria/germany/switzerland , buys tons of shampoos and milka chocolates for exactly same reason . 
  30 euros for issuing and 10 euros for state institute which makes ids . 
  it lasts 10 years . 
  10 % for basic , 20 % for all other goods . 
  you can get refund if you are a parent buying products for baby . 
  which is more or less same in every country that does n't have only latin script , otherwise foreigners will be very depressed . 
   i 'm from brazil/russia i know who you are !, 
  you are [ him ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guilherme_marinato ), 
  europe is n't a single nation , europe ca n't build stadiums on its own ( its business of member states or towns where those stadiums are ) , in europe faculties are only about studying, 
   semester 's homework u guys have homework on college ? 
  toumba is quite nice one . 
  my town has two biggest here . 
  one is working almost every day and resembles actual market while other is literaly selling things beside regional road under open sky and it 's on sunday morning . 
  we are more like neighbours in building who say '' hi '' to each other always , but never anything else nor know anything about each other . 
  actually there are her fans here . 
  if you are teenage with bitch attitude , then she is '' queen '' , '' princess '' etc. 
  ceca , keba and mile kiti\u0107 anyway did our job with bulgaria in the last 20 years, 
  i hope so , otherwise i will go bankrupt next time ( and that would probably be for masters studies ) in some eu country because of so many insurances , taxes for residence permits , taxes for issuing a statment of residence . . 
  that i do n't have it . 
  i 've been at drone game , if it matters . 
  back when i was kid , we had stuff like that on annual basis . 
  dunno for macedonian , in serbian it stands for that [ athenian suburb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piraeus ), 
   \u041f\u0438\u0440\u0435\u0458 triggering headline . 
   all you read lol * most commonly read books, 
  ooooh , i can name three ones straight away , just from my flair . 
  here , in both elementary and high school - russian classics . 
  three weeks ago i was walking in a winter jacket at evening and it was about 2-3 c. two weeks ago i was in jeans and short sleevs and it was around 25 c. 
  we are n't one , my english comes from sites like reddit , tv shows and video games mostly . 
  it ca n't . 
  they also check documents , before you sign that thing beside your name . 
  when are you studying , there are n't summer vacations . 
  u guys do n't have [ this ] ( https://www.srbijadanas.com/sites/default/files/styles/full_article_image/public/a/t/2017/03/27/sprej-foto-beta.jpg ) and [ laser which checks have you already voted ] ( https://www.srbijadanas.com/sites/default/files/59996/profimedia-0057421756.jpg ) ? 
  you enter the ballot place ( it 's often a classroom of a school ) , first your finger gets marked so as you do n't get to vote on another place , then you sign yourself beside your name and adress in some sort of book on which they track who can vote on that specific place . 
  ( usualy a group of streets has their own ballot place , i think by law it should n't be more than 3000 voters on one place ) . 
  then you get your [ paper ] ( http://srbin.info/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/csm_glasacki_listic_djuka_fa1526d146.jpg ) , go behind the curtain and then place it in a box . 
  totally unrelated to each other . 
  edit : i checked your history . 
  i get your rethoric . 
  it 's not your fault .
