  except serbs do n't live only in serbia . 
  serbs in croatia participating in the chetnik movement had their patrol navy in the adriatics, 
  [ na na na na ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkclob4pt0i )  like old songs . 
  [ well ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcntqnxunee ), 
  kebab going from germoney to home for bayram, 
  loud , nervous , arguing in exchange offices on petrol stations ( as if exchange rate is something you can bargain about ) and risky to be around when they drive . 
  on r/serbia ? 
  hardly . 
  regarding your concerns ... ( as i come from that part which goes under north of serbia ) yes , we are somewhat impatient drivers , also strangers with dozen backpacks on their bicycles tend to be distracting on narrower roads . 
  any cyclist is pain in the ass on the open road . 
  but accidents are rare . 
  i do n't see how security at construction sites is related whatsoever to you , gypsies and others are stealing copper , wire and bricks so there is need for security , i do n't quite get that one . 
  street gangs do n't exist in serbia , only gangs are criminal ones but you are of no interest to them . 
  r/serbia ?? 
  this post is more about blacks selling fake leather women handbags and sunglasses and asian women going around offering massage on beaches in italy and greece . 
  [ one of those questions ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6hz73w/europeans_from_noneu_countries/ ), 
  none . . at least i ca n't remember . 
  no need for that here . 
  as remote villages are dissapering , wildness will again take over . 
  judging by family trees and tales from eldery , 0 percent . 
  i 've been in greece ( ca n't really say i lived ) for 5 months . 
  i 've been numerous times to greece before but this was different than vacation , for sure . 
  i liked it very much ( well life is nice when everything is paid - erasmus ) , it was first time away from home for a bit longer . 
  people were nice and i fit in really well , both with greeks and with other foreigners . 
  definitely experience worth remembering . 
  winter semester maybe ... 
  i like them more too . 
  we do , when there is some traffic accident with lot of dead , for example . 
  i do n't like trumpets if wedding is n't outside , but in some resturant . 
  it can be extremely loud and unpleasant . 
  i put 1000 dinara on [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjibzb1trcq ) forehead once , totally drunk . 
  well yeah , they are more melodical and tend to cause much more feelings with that oriental sound, 
  politicians . 
  trumpets from [ western serbia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kokt0ca3ufi ) vs trumpets from [ southern serbia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4voq_wue-gy ), 
  why do you think it ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  not too much to do about that, 
  greek cities are quiiite condensed . 
  ca n't remember have i seen any house in thessaloniki or larissa at all , i mean in areas closer to city centre , not the perifery . 
  in serbia it is kinda mixed , in my part of town you can see houses here and there , there are parts of town which exclusively have houses and vice versa , only buildings . 
  in belgrade you can see some houses remaining from 50s and 60s among buildings , though that 's decreasing as they tend to demolish house and construct smaller building . 
  think i have n't tried ? 
  remove kebab being depicted through various ways everywhere ( i guess ) , yet hardly anybody has heard for it . 
  very , very strange . 
  i was under the impression it is pretty common everywhere . 
  thing is it was 35 , 36 outside . 
  it was like 5 years ago . 
  thing is , when temperatures are so high , it is even more harmful to open windows as heat will just burst in . 
  that 's about the temperature and time to turn on ac . 
  this thread is soooo til btw i was in graz once during summer and literally sweating in apartment . 
  i think here it is included in the price , but only if you buy from bigger technical stores . 
  not sure though . 
  but no way a repairman is going to charge that much to install it here . 
  i find that wind-blowing sound a bit spooky when nothing else can be heard and dark is all around . 
  i have n't been in lot of parts of europe ( where i have i was n't paying attention about ac ) . 
  anyway sights like [ these ] ( http://www.dnevno.rs/images/news/2015/07/06/15279-klima-na-zgradi-580x326.jpg ) are pretty common . 
  honestly , last few summers were n't that hot ( mid 30s at its best ) but when i was kid it was almost regular , rising to low 40s . 
  so it was obligatory to have ac , many many flats and houses got it at the time . 
  and then you have -15 in winter , what a change . 
   bills up quite a fair lot . 
  no , not really . 
  maybe in netherlands though . 
  it costs around 150-250 euros here to buy it and electricity bills are slightly higher in summer . 
  does really that many people ( beside balkans and southern europe ) do n't have air conditioning ? 
  i ca n't really believe . 
   we do n't have the air conditioner . 
  umm , speak for yourself . 
  being non-eu, 
  of course !, 
  [ ours ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkszmpnzf-o ) is nice too, 
   kalithea i heard of it . 
  i maybe pay visit to there this year . 
  i 've been to hanioti and pefkohori few times . 
  thanks bro, 
   no , mount saint peter in limburg . 
  mountain in netherlands ?? 
  i totally lose bulgarian when something complex is being said , but more simpler sentences i can get . 
  i get like 50 % of spoken things , then i just rearrange them and catch the general thought in the sentence . 
  macedonian is different story , i can understand it almost entirely . 
  i know several who live in my town . 
  more like party , but with some breaks from partying too, 
  paokara where u go on halkidiki ? 
  give me some advises, 
  zermans too lazy to map, 
  of course paokara maybe to visit some friends in toumba and kalamaria too, 
  somewhere around thessaloniki , most likely, 
  what countries u plan to visit ? 
  greece a few times probably . 
   antwerp management school i was checking this one , but got blown away by tuition fee , something like 12k euros . 
  try goethe in frankfurt , actually there are a lot of masters programs in english in germany and austria . 
  you have very high gmat score and you will probably enroll in any german state university masters program without problem . 
  question is do you want 1 or 2 years programs . 
  could be the most beautiful italian after monica i 've ever seen !, 
  what 's the name of this ? 
  i do n't see judges or lawyers too much respected by people , let alone businessmen . 
  also , i do n't think programmers can be put into '' respected '' profession , it is n't something out of public interest . 
  deputies in national assembly should be elected directly by voters in their units , instead of being named by leaders of parties and then voted through general vote for party on parlamentarian elections . 
  respected , not by size of their salaries . 
  50s and beginning of 60s were kinda not that eventful as latter or earlier decades, 
  brate - original , simply * bro * , could be said to a stranger or to a well known friend - though usualy among friends 2 .
