  uh , absolutely none of things ppl mentioned exist here . 
  though it would be good to have some restrictions ( at least annoying kids would be moved out from clubs ), 
  most of them are quite ok ( except 2nd and maybe 5th ) , first , fourth and those about singing i would implement in srb as well . 
  here gypsies can sing ( mostly literaly screaming ) and play all sorts of nonsence in downtown without any consequences . 
  3rd is quite hilarious . 
  [ she ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jelena_karleu%c5%a1a ) . 
  i ca n't really tell why is she really disdained . 
  i was a kid when she was rising star so i do n't remember too much details , but she was always extrevagant and her outfits were somewhat strange . 
  she was also notorious for being really direct about competition and other singers . 
  i used to hate her like pretty much everybody i knew earlier , but when i listened to some of her texts i found them quite interesting and rather smartful . 
  i think if she was born somewhere on the west she would be an absolute star . 
  though , she still has number of fans here . 
  me too , i always wait on red with the car but rarely with bike . 
  video games , movies , tons of series , reddit , studies in gr and countless articles about my studies on english . 
  [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/o9qra0hdf9e ) would be an actual version of anthem, 
  [ \u266b \u2669 \u266b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ) fun fact : not too many people have heard for this song ( much to the surprise of internet community , i guess ), 
  gibanica as dessert ??????????? 
  for public ( buses in towns ) it 's usually on monthly tickets . 
  usually in towns who are student centers . 
  you can also get discount for inter town relations ( actually i used that one almost exclusively ) for both return and monthly tickets , i think 33 on montly and 40 on return tickets from original price . 
  mostly on bus tickets . 
  serbia most certainly not . 
  at least my faculty . 
  though relation between assistants and students is usually more relaxed , as they are closer to us in age . 
  sometimes in belgrade police can actually fine you ( if you are that uncareful not to notice an officer on the other side of the street , since it 's easiest way for them to fine somebody ) , but generaly it is acceptable . 
  in my town is totaly ok to do it . 
  also , from my experience living in greece , it 's also ok . 
  unfortunately , no . 
  second tier is quite weak , major teams are playing in some sort of yugoslav league in order to have more stronger games so they can be concurent in euro competitions . 
  first tier is played from best teams in second tier plus major teams , usually in spring . 
  that 's how you get a state champion . 
  on the other hand , every competetion national team is playing is covered . 
  pools ca n't accomodate more than few hundred spectators . 
  but , when national team plays , especially outside of belgrade , people are even standing in order to watch . 
  [ do n't underestimate toma ] ( https://youtu.be/8ibeohlaiia ), 
  water polo . 
  not as popular as a foreigner might guess ( judging by success in that sport ) but still a lot of children train it , especially in places which have pools and some swimming/water polo clubs . 
  i think you are mistaken . 
  eu was never really popular in srb ( polls were showing over 50 percent sometimes , especially before 2008 ) but nowdays moderate people see turmoil in eu and are becoming more and more against asscesion , of course , politicians need to adapt to new way of thinking in order to stay in office so they too go over joining eu . 
  extreme nationalists/leftists were always against it , though it is the case throughout e europe and s europe . 
  populist politicians trying to exploit people 's dismain over eu , economic progress , surge of migrants while exploiting nationalistic , religious and many other kinds of stereotypes . 
  is it just me or your names and surnames sound a bit like greek ones ? 
  we have different experiences then . 
  though people who hanged around you were hanging 1 ) to practise their english 2 ) because they are keen to hang out with foreigners . 
  but they are tiny minority . 
  except you ca n't run into youngsters everywhere , especially if you go to some civil service , or even a bakery or supermarket . 
  also , 2/3 of youngsters on balkans ca n't put more than 2-3 sentences in proper english . 
  [ times are changing ] ( https://youtu.be/dnlbgffbpoa ), 
  little russians wink wink, 
  only in the early 90s , after surge of nationalism and abolition of bans for return of kara\u0111or\u0111evi\u0107 royal family . 
  today it is mostly seen as marginal issue . 
  rover 25 1.4 , i got it from a mother and i like it very much . 
  once i saw an austrialian in a train heading from belgrade to romania . 
  it was quite interesting situation , i was one of few youngsters in train and i chatted with him , while rest where seniors who were smiling ( perhaps is more precise laughing ) at odd - looking westerner with dreads and massive backpack . 
  that is n't really a flaw , from an american point of view . 
  when i was in us , americans thought it 's really cool to know other language and to speak in some fancy , totally , new way than anything they ever heard . 
  economy was living on foreign aid and imf loans , freedom was such that if you sing nationalist song or speak about ruling party you end up in jail . 
  nah , if you have to drink to tolerate turbofolk then you are n't from balkans . 
  since when are you in balkans ? 
  except for new year . 
  you can not kill kebab retroactively, 
   we were killing  slovenia ?? 
  oriental melodies are basics for much of pop - folk music in all balkan countries as they are catchy and easy to dance with . 
  there is certainly something with mentality about that . 
  they are n't that popular as they used to be though ( now they are mixed with techno and rap ) . 
  haha , exactly . 
  apsolutely never . 
  here in serbia , police units are divided by municipalities , for example , belgrade has 17 police prefectures because it has 17 municipalities , alternatively , most towns ( usually a town is a municipality , belgrade and larger cities have several municipalities ) have 1-2 police stations ( depending on size ) and a outpost in almost every village which is part of that specific municipality . 
  all together they compose a prefecture for that one town . 
  a policeman is required to go through 1-year training , after which they usually get a job in their local prefecture . 
  yet , since police is seen as job for mostly low - educated , poor and as a last result ( because you will get a job after training for sure ) a lot of people come from rural and poor areas and finish up serving in belgrade , causing some to travel more than 100 km to their working place , daily . 
  but most policemen work in their own towns and it is encouraged to have contact with local communities , going that far that a policeman patrols their own part of town . 
  although i have prejudices , i think they mostly are . 
  i had good encounters when they were helpful and bad encounters , when i know that i was n't right , but overall , i think they are doing their job fine . 
  do n't care . 
  i do n't have problem with police overusing their force against people who deserve it . 
  you have to attend 40 classes of theoretical lessons , where you learn about rules and signs . 
  you are usually given a book or pdfs which consist of about 2500 questions . 
  it is a boring and some questions are quite hard to memorise ( some just needed to be memorised by heart , like length of bus needed to have lights on top ) yet nessecary part . 
  test is done on a computer and there is 41 question , you got to have above 85 percent to pass , i had 93 . 
  once you pass that , you have to take a first aid training , organized by the school , consisting of a day of lectures with an theoretical exam plus showing how to provide aid to injured passanger . 
  it is more informative than stressful and i found it a rather cool experience . 
  then , you have to go to the doctor for your eyes and mental condition to be checked . 
  it is a formality and it is charged . 
  organized by the school . 
  at the end comes 40 hours of driving , mostly in town , with a lecture in out-town driving and usually 1-2 lectures in night driving . 
  you are given an instructor to work specifically with you . 
  first you usually go to a range where you practise basic driving straight and turning . 
  later in the training you will return to range to practise parking , driving uphill using handbrake , driving backwards while changing lanes , speeding up to 30kph and semicircular turn on a road . 
  you usually start in lower density streets and gradually move to downtown . 
  in test , your instructor , plus two people from police make up the commission , you pick the paper with a number of the route , then , your instructor explains you the route ( if you are going to school in your town it 's quite easy to catch quickly streets ) . 
  basically you drive to the range , do all things you learned there and return to the driving school , for every single mistake a point is deducted from a 100 , you have to be above 85 to pass . 
  i did n't found it hard , yet it was boring sometimes . 
  i pass all of these things straight away ( some ppl are stuck at practical part for years ) , yet i had luck with timing and route of practical exam , it was low density of traffic . 
  it costed me totally 600 euros ( 450 for both parts of training + 60 euros for first aid + 2x40 euros for both exams ) . 
  suddenly experts for ice skating , lacrosse and field polo emerge / s. 
  ( you do n't see those people around on sports tv stations except once in 4 years ) , but basically it comes down to male/female volleyball , male/female basketball and water polo . 
  and if we do n't win medal from some of the things mentioned ( especially for water polo ) it is a national disaster . 
  maybe you should ask how other people live in hungarian dominated areas , serbs ca n't use their language as hungarians usually ignore when somebody askes them in some other language ( although hungarians know it , of course ) , i know for that as i heard a lot of examples , from shops , train stations etc. 
  do church leaders have leverage on daily politics , meaning , are they in touch with politicians ?
