  i do n't why we even talk here in english , we can pretty much understand each other ( at least in terms of language ) without problems, 
  only way it can happened is that valentin incko passes a decrete managing it , that 's blanc check for rs to leave . 
  a guy who wanted to send volunteers to '' brother americans '' in 1991 during desert storm ? 
  a guy who went from biggest critic of current establishement ( most of them are his ex party members ) to the being '' fake opposition '' ? 
  are you fucken serious ? 
  we about bulgaria even less . 
  i am the only guy among friends to even mention it because of one my bulgarian friend . 
  i think that continuing of this enmity is bullshit , serb civillians repayed 10 times more , both in ww1 and ww2 for king milan invasion . 
   bulgarian betrayal is funny it 's kinda disgusting to attack fellow slavic and orthodox country while it is defending against catholic empire , is n't it ? 
   do you expect bulgarians to give any special treatment to serbia after what happened in 1885 and 1913 . 
  yeah , it 's totally acceptable to threaten eldery and kids with shooting execution because our king in 1885 penetrated three kilometeres into bulgaria ? 
  source : happened to my grandfather in 1943 , he has no clue how bulgarian troops had n't killed them . 
   leave the good people of serbia alone !, 
  well done greek brother , tell that backstabber . 
  i 've never been to india , qatar or switzerland but i live on balkans and i know that these bullshit you are talking has nothing to do with real situation . 
  people are poor and are poor as fuck , both in the '' richest country '' as well as in the rest , almost below european standards . 
  in terms of mne , coastline is much more developed then northern parts , which are having massive migration flows to coastline or to serbia . 
  plus , i checked gdp per capita at wiki and montenegrin is negligible larger then serbian . 
  giving up on this , being to montenegro bunch of times and i know that it is n't las vegas , except for few hundred tycoons and criminals ( with ex pm being biggest of them ) who probably make up to these numbers . 
  that 's just one measurement of wealth , and not so important at least . 
  gdp by itself only is idiotic measurement used only by politicians to brag around . 
  purchasing power parity , real gdp , gdp per capita , debt to gdp ratio , average salary , minimum salary , unempolyment , division by economic sectors all combined can give you somewhat picture is a country rich or poor . 
   falling appart did n't do anyone any favors flair checked . 
  dude , that 's not quite measurement of wealth . 
  actually gdp is n't quite reliable measurement of wealth , but speaking in this terms , how can montenegro with 4 bilion * be richer * than serbia with 37 billion nominal gdp ? 
  what is gdp per capita then all gdp divided then by number of people ? 
  why is that any significant whatsoever ? 
  serbian population is 7 milion while montenegrin is 600k , of course they have higher per capita, 
  of course they do , their population is size of a smaller london suburb, 
  three times bigger gdp then albania , plus bigger then your country flair . 
  much larger population though . 
   montenegro  it is the richest country * facepalm *, 
   were groups of people chanting about `` liberating '' salonika do you really take for serious what hooligans and ultra rights are chanting ? 
  i have family tales and history books to tell me , i do n't need to live 500 years to know what turks did here . 
  turk says that we have to acknowledge our wrongdoings . 
  i ca n't stop fuckin laughing . 
  we study in school that you came and plundered balkans 500 years , maybe it 's otherwise in turkey ? 
  we , who live in the backyard of a '' large and functional '' country know that bunch of small - which were based on historical facts and demographic reasons at the time - would be much better solution to stability of , at least , this part of europe . 
  well , it says that truth hurts most . 
  sadly many turks even today ca n't stand it . 
  well i think it has n't to do too much , spain is n't quite prime example of western economy as it has almost negative debt to gdp ratio ( 99,8 % ) and problems with depopulation , as well as struggling to boost economy . 
  on the other hand poland is economic strongman of e europe . 
   what are they even doing all day long ? 
  excercising in the morning , cleaning yard in the noon and barracks in the afternoon . 
  sometimes shooting . 
  well , you let karadjordje revolt with serbs to deal with issue you were supposed to deal with in the first place , then you come to supress the revolt and furthermore angry the serbs . 
  quite an intelligent and smart move . 
  are you aware that rebellion was well in it 's fourth year and that by then whole smederevo sanjak was liberated when russians came to aid , they only helped in few battles to repulse you . 
  it does n't matter , you were later beaten anyway . 
  but we have rakijaaa, 
  we launched rebellion on our own , triggered by dahias opression , russian aid came later . 
  lol , what an argument . 
  1804 best year of my life ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   nobody here want to be like serbia whyyy, 
  1453 worst year of my life, 
  make czechia great again ? 
  you joined eu because you did n't had un sanctions , bombing , thieftery aka privatisation ( and no , i do n't want to get into discussion why serbia had it ) plus you also entered eu because you closed all your disputes and internal issues , unlike we ( again , i do n't want to discuss about that ) . 
  cause they are in eu , mostly, 
  communists stole the idea ( unification of southern slavs ) and pursued in it 's own way of government, 
  most of them gon na die soon anyway, 
   32 degrees  perfect i disagree . 
  after 900 years of posing , preparing , taking a right spot , this picture has finally been taken . 
  jaoo da , kafanski stolnjak hahaha , to je bila fora mog \u0107aleta, 
  wow , somebody minds serbian autonomy from 15th century , so many downvotes, 
   pineapple hahahaha \u0161ahovnica pineapple, 
  that 's why you do it so good in basketball, 
  europe is at much higher cultural level and definetely looks like has some manners then them . 
  by the way , if somebody points at me and laughs , i would certainly punch him - oops , some proper manners . 
  except that it was given by hungarian ruler to serbian nobles for fleeing turks . 
  it was essential to keep some sort of statehood , probably this was n't just an ordinary autonomy . 
  earlier serbian rulers had influence at hungarian court so jovan nenad probably got some special benefits . 
  autonomous region rulled by serbian despot jovan nenad , though . 
  hold out until lord byron arrives !, 
  keep in mind that it was written in 1991 ( year of lithuanian independence - nationalism intensifies ) plus even the tone of the first sentence sounds as if it is trying from its heels hardly to dissaprove something - probably that theory that they looked more asian . 
  btw i did n't know a thing about it , thought they were whites . 
  because it costs as fuck to keep them going , money that can be invested in some other military things like cruise missles or some smaller chopper/aircraft platforms that cost less money . 
  well , of course they are far in technology , west has been a prime place for development of the world in the last several centuries . 
  focus has shifted in last two decades though , both in resources as well as in technology and ability to produce . 
  believe me , others can catch up pretty quickly . 
   the us has 10 and plans to dismantle them in future , because they are essentially obsolete . 
  bad argument . 
  states nowdays relly on fast deployments and quick strickes , it takes a lot of time for all members of nato to agree about striking a particular target . 
  plus , nato is n't at all a cohesive force . 
   10times more powerful than any possible threat - be it china , russia do n't overexaggarate . 
  russia and china at least equal to the west in matters of equipement and army sizes . 
  plus both of them are integrated countries with their soldiers being nationalisticly motivated to go to war , and i ca n't see bulgarians and greeks ( for example ) marching together anywhere except to carigrad ( istanbul ) which is already a nato member 's town . 
  your whole point is wrong , defense is an absolute priority in order that all those things listed at the end be able to be done . 
   hague court remind me , is that a court which sentence you to 35 years for firing two rockets - and releases you when you expulse 250k people , flee srebrenica - and in case of haradinaj - simply kill all witnesses ? 
  sloba was panicking all the time for not being able to have influence on karad\u017ei\u0107 , eventually sanctioning him in 1994 - yep , quite control . 
  hahaha , good one . 
  i think my grandfather told me ( keep in mind it was almost 15 years ago when i heard that story , i might not remember details ) that after too many turkish incursions they decided to move alongside number of '' other villages '' - probably meaning other nobles gathered their servants and serfs and migrated as well . 
  their title and property was irrelevant in montenegro so after a few decades it fell into oblivion . 
  but they kept family tree . 
  i mean , centures past , family is pretty much now considered to be from montenegro . 
  ( to outsiders , when they hear surname ) after ww1 they resettled in drenica , only to migrate again in 1941 . 
   did you ? 
  :d actually yes , my family tree shows first ancestors , that had properties in drenica region at the time of the battle - and they participated in the battle in the army of vuk brankovi\u0107 . 
  it is also mentioned in the cartulary books at the time - something like 95 % of properties belong to serbs ( serbian nobles more precisely , rest to bulgarian or byzantium ) . 
  in the early 1400s my family migrated to montenegro . 
  exact same things existed for serbs in muslim and croat controled areas , where men where forced to be labour , women and girls raped and people simply tortured by maniacs and psyhopaths .
