  croatian user asked for example where serbs were fleeing from being killed . 
  i linked these two examples . 
  it happens that those two villages are near srebrenica and that naser ori\u0107 was mastermind of those attacks and u somehow interpreted that i was justifying srebrenica with it . 
  nonsence . 
  i ca n't express admiration for your circlejerk abilities in english . 
  well , they were fleeing because people who were coming were going to kick them out , at best . 
  there is no difference whatsoever in * feared so left * and * kicked out * , you have to be quite a dummy to sit and wait enemy troops to come at your doorstep in that war . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  croatia was doing same for croats in bosnia . 
  of course home country is going to aid its people fighting for survival in another country . 
  oh now it is about supplies , huh ? 
   just changed their insignia and became `` the srpska/krajina army '' , like magic . 
  because they were croatian/bosnian serbs in the first place ... ? 
  same with croats deserting jna and enlisting into croatian army , i do n't see problem in that . 
  i think it has more to do with what was the impression of the people about goals of the campaign were and why are they being sent in croatia , also are they waging war for sfry or serbia . 
  back in 1991 it was all very blurry and confusing . 
  when draft for kosovo came response was much higher , especially in southern parts of serbia . 
  effects of msm propaganda at its best . 
  you see , muslims had camps for serbs in sarajevo , serbs had to flee from their homes to save their lives , there were concentration camps for prisoners of war and serb civilians in croatia , serbian women and girls were raped , you see , identical things happened to each side in that conflict . 
  i just adore examples like this where they slam to criticise serbia without fully knowing the situation and context . 
  because writting such stuff in that context is totally legit . 
  do they ? 
  except from delusional western impression that it has . 
  identical things happened to serbs after the war . 
  i 'm not quite sure about who was he talking , since response is directed to serbian user . 
  and milo\u0161evi\u0107 was n't pol pot styled dictator who would kill serbs . 
  police would beat a shit out of you but only if you are opposition activist , never have been any random executions of serb civilians . 
   you 'd all probably be dead by now why ? 
  wow , what justification . 
  ex yu will understand and that 's what all matter, 
  what has an operation of army of bosnian serbs had to do with serbia being bombed . . ? 
  http://amsterdamlawforum.org/article/view/62/119 towards the end of 4th paragraph :  the security council later endorsed agreements between nato and yugoslavia for an \\ air verification ' mission , but without authorising the use of force .10 china and russia had apparently made clear that they did not regard the council 's action as authorising the use of force , and that they would veto any such attempt .11 in the end , nato decided to go ahead without security council authorisation . 
  i just remembered that i pictured [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qkwjm5c.jpg ) on an exibition in my town about nato bombing . 
  i believe it is part of a bomb , it looked something like that . 
  in case you do n't know the meaning : http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/105600.html, 
   there were terrorist attacks in kosovo and pre\u0161evo valley that happened afterwards . 
   civil war in serbia breaks out kinda missed that , you might be talking about rebellion during 1998 . 
   serbia won and ethnically cleansed 90 % of albanians from kosovo debatable , there were reports that many albanians packed and left simply , identical to oluja . 
  latter things are more or less okay . 
  at least somebody tried something instead of randomly talking like for the past 18 years how america and west should be sued for all that cancer and uranium bombings . 
  plus it is at least some sort of satisfaction for the pain , by the state towards victims families , though is somewhat cynical since our president - prime minister is socializing these days with main people who pushed for bombing . 
  you mean thatcher after thatcher ? 
  after [ all of that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ) ... 
  i 'm triggered . 
  that second signature though, 
  frankly , if you are n't from here you will have very hard time to understand . 
  dude , i ca n't believe how many free time you have . 
  good night . 
  okay , this is going to might be a bit long . 
  2/3 of serbian population originates from montenegro . 
  especially below danube . 
  due to migrations during ottomans . 
  so you ca n't put a line between montenegro and serbia , especially that 100 years ago it was 95 % serbian and their ruler considered himself bigger serb than serbian ruler . 
  there are 30 % of serbs in modern day montenegro , yet serbian is no 1 language . 
  when i said '' other way around '' i was being methaforic a bit , given that a lot of current politicians trace their ancestors to montenegro and what is more important , criminal gangs which are linked to the politicians ( many powerful businessmen among them ) are montenegrin . 
  so it is n't quite black and white . 
  you visited ? 
  well i live here . 
  believe i 'm kinda a bit more into situation . 
  viber - okay switch to whatsapp wikipedia is n't something which is update by some linkage in diplomatic conversation . 
  of course there is n't something until it is made official . 
  shortly , what is the point ? 
  i do n't get what are you trying to prove with this , i am more than aware serbia is far from eu membership , i do n't know does germoney has some plans for this region or not ( given that when it comes to asscesion germoney is main one country to speak with - and i know it because i live here , not 2000 km away from balkans ) . 
  and if every diplomat is open and every diplomatic conversation goes totally transparent politics of this world will turn upside down , both in eu as well as in non eu . 
  in diplomacy , it is n't expected to say names and exact figures really . 
  well germoney wants us in eu as soon as possible , so all your logic goes down to the bottom . 
  as far as i understood , this is cash germoney wants to give us so we can reach economic levels of union in near future . 
  a lot of articles these days in serbian papers ( btw this is one of oldest ones ) are clickbaits , it is in the way are their headlines formulated so obviously clickbait or not . 
   capricious neighbor in serbia actually it 's quite other way around . 
  who is really into situation here will understand, 
  and hand them firstborn males, 
  quite faceless team . 
  1941 best year of your life ? 
  kosovars will have highway all the way to vienna, 
  how these people do n't get bored with this bullshiting ? 
  listen to sarajevska raja in golf 2, 
  naah , '' harmless '' dictator and his puppy rulling high in mountains does n't effect anybody, 
  highway for panzers, 
  * nerdy germans *, 
  obsolete , this is n't little erdogan but his piggy assistant . 
  you are way overexaggarating western respect for state structures in these areas . 
  anyway  at its december 1997 meeting in bonn , the peace implementation council agreed in granting further substantial powers to the ohr , in order to avoid the implementation of the dayton agreement being delayed or obstructed by local nationalist politicians . 
  the ohr was requested to : adopt binding decisions when local parties seem unable or unwilling to act ; remove from office public officials who violate legal commitment from wiki, 
  could be that they are killed , like with ramush release from hague - because of '' lack '' of witnesses . 
  like high prosecutor ( sorry , representative , my bad ) could some 15 years ago to sack 100 and so serbian officials without any word with rs authorities it can make bih nato member without consulting republika srpska . 
  is that eulex which is chasing people who killed serbian harvesters and letting those who planted bombs under serbian buses ? 
  it ca n't be two eulexes in kosovo , one is supposedly quite biased . 
   no bodies . 
  well , sold . 
   in 2010 , a report by swiss prosecutor dick marty to the council of europe ( coe ) uncovered `` credible , convergent indications '' [ 7 ] of an illegal trade in human organs going back over a decade , [ 1 ] including the deaths of a `` handful '' of serb captives killed for this purpose . 
  quite interesting you skipped this to quote . 
   this is literally serbian propaganda https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_theft_in_kosovo, 
  anytime , my chessboard friend . 
  soon , all montenegrins will go home ... 
  do i want my country to join alliance which made me spent 3 months in a cellar ? 
  you sound like u/knindza a bit with that '' inside destruction '', 
  well , 100 years ago '' mighty '' prefix could have been used , after [ mojkovac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_mojkovac ) . 
  gosh , you clearly do n't live here . 
  i wonder what will happened to all that properties bought by russians 5-10 years ago . 
  with our pro eu little erdogan ?
