not exactly ` nationalistic ' since the original raison d'\u00eatre of their party was to have the north secede from the rest of the country scotland style - a goal which many in the party still favour . 
  that 's not how politics works . 
  organisations of all types ( political , religious , cultural etc. ), 
  and all outfits with a public face invest a good deal of their time stating publicly who they are , what they stand for and what they do n't , and by doing so they craft a message which caters to a specific public . 
  they also spend a lot of time making sure that people in general understand what other organisations they endorse and which ones they do n't . 
  dissociating one 's organisation from the words or actions of a person or another organisation is a way to be transparent about what you stand for , and to tell some of your members `` if this is what you believe , you 'd better leave '' . 
  this is all basic stuff , and comports no `` apologies '' on anyone 's part -- it is in the organisation 's best interest to do so . 
  when baptist organisations make clear that they do not endorse the westboro baptist church they are not apologising for it , they 're just making clear that they are n't connected to those looneys , and they do so because they know that they are more damaged by the association than they are by losing however few people in their midst might actually agree with phelps and his ideas . 
  the fact that more muslim organisations have n't stood up to denounce and distance themselves from various acts of muslim-inspired terrorism and terror organisations is quite telling of the fact that an important part of their ` userbase ' approves of them . 
  the tour guide was not keen on people eating european food because chinese tour companies like to keep all business `` in house '' ( it would be a crime to let people who are not part of the tribe profit where other chinese people could ) , and therefore organise to have their meals in chinese restaurants . 
  the excuses about western food giving an upset stomach and what not were , of course , just excuses . 
  the senator in question is antonio razzi , a good-for-nothing who was recently reelected with berlusconi 's party , and who despite not speaking a word of english ( and unacceptably ungrammatical italian ) is sitting on the senate 's foreign affairs committee . 
  he was quoting george bush, 
  i have found that , in the last couple of years , voicing opinions opposed to the immigration of muslims has become more accepted in society , within some boundaries , and that more and more ` normal ' people with good middle-class jobs and a university education are n't afraid to say so . 
  the main difference with conversations on reddit is that anonimity here allows people ( from both sides ) to hurl shit at each other . 
  i meant ( and i thought it was pretty clear ) that that specific mass-murder-suicide strategy as a tactic is employed by muslim grievance groups at a much higher rate than , say , tibetan buddhists or filipino catholics . 
  your reply is not connected logically to my statement . 
  all of them . 
  `` up to 2,000,000 '' and according to data from 1999 . 
  pretty meaningless . 
  concerning example 1 : you can not `` buy a wallet '' without moving the coins , which defeats the purpose . 
  you can buy the private key for a wallet ( theoretically ) , but the guy who sold it to you can steal the coins any time . 
  unless esperanto has a couple million speakers i find this unlikely . 
  are you me ? 
  this is exactly howmi structure my line of questioning when discussing immigration with pro-immigration europeans . 
  maybe it 's the east-asian experiences we both have had . 
  the holomodor has got to be the most ominously named historical event ever . 
  it 's like the holocaust ... plus mordor . 
  i suppose this completely invalidates her testimony and makes discussion of the facts unnecessary . 
  perfect , let 's move on . 
  italians love to use ( bad ) english to make things sound more important or more official . 
  especially those who do n't speak english . 
  italy not represent . 
  at that age i would wager that it is one of their primary concerns . 
  for italy , definitely bud spencer . 
  the level of naivete and disconnect with reality and popular sentiment in this article is off the charts . 
  the author introduces the argument in the traditional italian style by demonstrating erudition on a relatively obscure topic of classical history or literature , just to make his intellectual credentials clear . 
  he then proceeds to draw a lesson and uses it in some forced an irrelevant analogy based on zero empirical observation of the facts on the ground . 
  facts on the ground such as the levels of personal and political violence and the balcanisation of political life which muslims statistically bring to every country where they are settled in significant numbers and have the chance to organised politically , which he brushes off with a `` sure , there may be a few devils in the details '' . 
  the part that takes the palm , however is the explanation of how italians would learn to overcome their skepticism over immigration : * `` the growing number of italians worried about immigration , and those leaning toward xenophobia , would see the newcomers in a different light . 
  people initially in need of help , of course -- but also offering something in return . 
  not foreigners claiming benefits , but workers contributing their own skills to help make and fix things in their new homeland . 
  not that we needed any help with that . 
  is n't that a tautology though ? 
  yes , but the original expression comes from american english . 
  in this case i 'm using the word `` liberal '' in its american meaning , as a synonym of `` left-wing '' . 
  it used to be the case that reality had a liberal bias . 
  as time progressed and the left began believing more and more in narrative over facts reality acquired a distinct conservative bias on a number of issues . 
  the united nations are a forum , not a political compact among citizens . 
  one of the unfortunate [ cargo-cult science ] ( http://www.lhup.edu/~dsimanek/cargocul.htm ) aspects of left-wing thought is the idea that institutions that are tasked with performing a social task must have the power to accomplish it , given sufficient effort or resources . 
  this is a consequence of belief in a tabula rasa theory of humans and ( by extension ) society , and creates excessive optimism about the malleability of individuals . 
  this delusion has given us all sorts of workshops for refugees to `` teach them how to flirt with german women '' and other wastes of taxpayers ' patience and money . 
  i see no difference between these workshops and building fake runways on pacific islands hoping that one day planes filled with cargo will land . 
  this is a delusion that will soon come crashing down in flames hindenburg-style . 
  for the most part , governments have very little power to create programs to make even natives more amenable to whatever they wish to promote . 
  but autonomous groups who identify strongly with their in-group and against society at large will determine their own future despite the attempts of the french government -- or any government -- to workshop the shit out of them to turn them into more desirable versions of themselves . 
  the problem with that line of reasoning ( which i would otherwise agree with ) is that breivik acted on his own , was an ideological autodidact and certainly not an organic part of a larger group with an ideology and political motivations . 
  the connection between his long-term hopes/goals and the means he used to pursue them additionally relies so much on magical thinking that even those who belong to his ideological camp of loonies are probably still wondering what he was hoping to accomplish with his actions . 
  kill lefty teenagers 2 . 
  i agree on the fact that this discussion has exhausted its usefulness . 
  nonetheless i would like to point out that you have n't provided me with any `` models of the world '' to disagree with ; it is a fact that merkel made statements concerning the failure of multiculturalism , that germany has not had a dark-skinned head of state and i imagine that it is true that it is a taboo to discuss racism against the turks . 
  nothing to disagree with there . 
  what you wrote - regardless of its truth value - simply does not support the claims i asked you to defend - they are n't even peripherally connected . 
  you have made pretty specific accusations concerning germany today spreading racist ideologies across europe and instigating spree-killers , and all you have to account for these statements is that you felt `` in germany racism against the turks is taboo '' when you were on exchange there , casual references to past media events such as merkel claiming that multi-culturalism has failed and `` when is germany gon na have its first dark-skinned prime minister '' . 
  specific accusations , vague justifications . 
  i find all this intellectually dishonest . 
  what `` academic models '' are you even talking about ? 
  and how are they connected to breivik ? 
  of all the sources and inspirations in his manifesto , i remember american ones to be the most prominent . 
  you still have n't convinced me that `` germany 's analytical academic culture '' is `` still exporting the ideas of racism '' , nor have you made a case for it . 
  it seems that anybody can get a free pass at accusing germans of racism and gain a token of moral superiority without any need to prove their conclusions . 
  so it 's `` because discrimination '' . 
  since you certainly do n't mean that they were put there at gunpoint , please elaborate on the ways in which the german population at large has , through malice or by its own failings , given these people `` no choice '' other than live in ethnic districts . 
  i am not asking for peer reviewed , mathematically verifiable data published on international sociology journals , but please refrain from using tautological , or vague such as `` because discrimination '' . 
   that 's how you get the communities , like southall in london , that are 90 % ethnic minorities islands in a big city . 
  maybe it 's because they actually have enough foreigners to have 90 + % ethnic communities ; let 's get a couple of hundred thousand pakistanis to live in bucarest and see how they spread out through the city ( or not ) . 
   you 're talking about discrimination ? 
  when muslims have their own neighborhoods in france , and there are communities with 90 % turkish population in germany ? 
  how is that `` integrating '' ? 
  why do you assume instinctively that they were `` put '' in those segregated communities by someone other than themselves ? 
   germany 's analytical academic culture is still exporting the ideas of racism across europe even today . 
  i hate to break it to you but ... that seems to be the mainstream instinctive belief just about anywhere , not just in the land of arian nazis . 
  try taking a trip anywhere in east-asia to see how people feel about disconnecting national identity from ethnicity . 
  i do n't see your explanation as being particularly plausible ( it reminds me of a husband who tells his wife `` it 's your fault if i beat you because you made me angry '' ) but thanks for the information . 
  the trend did n't start with the bush wars . 
  the slow climb towards extremism of younger muslim generations dates back to the islamic revival of the '70s . 
  i feel ignorant in this respect -- why is he responsible for it ? 
   that would kick off ww3 - who 'd be the coash ? 
  what if country x didnt get its favourite player in ? 
  it 's be carnage !, 
  that would hopefully subside after the 9-0 against brazil , 
  i think that op intended a caliphate -- hence a universal muslim kingdom . 
  although i do n't see a quote for it in the source he listed . 
  the sarcasm that ` helm ' used in his original post implied that the six years that have elapsed are a fatal flaw in the data ( as if the poll compiled data from the '50s ) . 
  this does not seem to be the case considered that 2006 is more or less behind the corner . 
  hahaha ... i had a good laugh at that, 
  the mafias will go feed somewhere else . 
  some things are true and nonetheless remain platitudes, 
  there is so little `` solidarity '' because the public perceives the european project as an entirely economic-bureaucratic endeavour . 
  there has been little effort at developing a truly felt european identity ( it is n't that hard if you think about it , how about starting with a few friendly games of a `` european '' football team against brazil or whoever else ) or infrastructures ( e.g.
