this is a opinion but not the common opinion poles hold about this topic . 
  the other aprox . 
  70 % of the rest of poland look at smolensk and just want to move on , but the remaining 30 % are obsessed conspiracy nuts ( in their eyes , and in mine really ) . 
  at the end of the day , the factors of production ( land , labour , capital , entrepreneurship ) get allocated different percentages of the total revenue coming in . 
  to what extent who is getting payed what is the real topic of debate . 
  * is it the entrepreneur `` risking '' hiring someone or making a market decision ? 
  * maybe the staff/employees who are creating said goods ? 
  * maybe the companies who made the machine that creates said goods should get cut off the revenue too or at lease a good price for the machines ? 
  * maybe the person who 's land your goods are being marketed/created on should get a nice share of the revenue ( more important if the good is something like a natural tourist attraction ) ? 
  all of these have valid claims , however in my opinion nowadays the entrepreneur has been taking way too large a part of the money coming into the business , big business more than small ones but the same none the less . 
  regardless of someone 's background , if they make sound arguments with proper evidence , they should be listened to . 
  that being said , i make no claims to 3dom 's evidence because i lack the knowledge to fully evaluate the evidence myself . 
  pssst , they do n't need more money to line their dirty pockets with ... 
  but that is n't the point . 
  putin is a very smart man , he is using all the diplomatic tricks which the west developed over the last 10 years to push for his interests . 
  the only difference is the west bribes other countries with money and freedom to choose their own ideological pro-west leader and the russian federation , lacking the economic power of the west , uses troops . 
  by subtly sneaking in troops into eastern ukraine , he makes it look like a civil war , and while still holding firm control of the `` rebel '' areas . 
  by doing this he can use the russian propaganda machine to claim that ukraine is oppressing the russian minority and promote more regions to `` self-determine '' ( something the west ca n't do anything about ) . 
  by `` self-determining '' he can cause either more regions to be annexed by russia or cause ukraine ( kiev ) to settle a deal where the troubled regions have so much autonomy that they can block whatever the kiev government does so russia can still keep ukraine as a vassal state . 
  a place in britain 's v-day parade would have been a polite gesture ... 
  maybe the uk government should n't have made commitments it could n't follow through with . 
  the country which the uk government left up to dry , hoping that it will keep the germans content and stop invading countries , later still played a role in the uk 's battle of britain . 
  we would n't have has to choose between those two evils if the uk and france kept the promise made to us . 
  im not amused , and my jimmies are not rustled . 
  `` successes '' - as a polish person , i hope your government does n't to succeed if that is how you measure success . 
  my grandfather who was 15 at the time joined the resistance against nazi rule . 
  the resistance was told that the russians were coming westward to help against the germans , though skeptical they simply did n't stand a huge chance without help . 
  then the russian troops finally made it to where his group was camped at . 
  they surrounded the polish resistance , disarmed them , a took them prisoner , my grandfather managed to get out of there by telling the russians that he was a school boy who just wanted to `` look cool '' in uniform and the russians let him go . 
  many years later he contacted those who survived from his `` regiment '' , they had all suffured many years in gulags and in forced labour camps . 
  later my grandfather escaped to a town near vilnius and helped distribute illegal anti-soviet propaganda , he worked at night and slept during the day . 
  for some reason in the town he was in , the secret police only came to arrest people in the middle of the night in that town , and he was always working , so the secret police never seemed to find him for a period of 4 months . 
  one day he slept in and got sent to a gulag . 
  he was between 23-24 years of age at the time , and he worked in dagerous mines in the gulag . 
  he somehow pulled some strings and they let him out after only serving for 5 years under the pretense that he was `` too young '' to be in a gulag . 
  he later went on and lived as good a life as he could under communist rule and finally died in 2003 living only 29 years out of his 79 years of age in a free poland . 
  many families have stories like this . 
  if russians are oppressed and they want to fight back , then i think poles would be in favour of the russian population trying to get some freedom . 
  but poles will be against a strong and/or authoritarian russia for many years to come . 
  most polish people do n't give a fuck about the situation ? 
  anecdotal evidence is hardly enough to claim that . 
  more so , it is also important to poles to watch ukraine to see how the eu reacts to threats and hostilities from russia right in the eus back yard . 
  over there in comfy , slightly russiaphilic germany ( i would imagine this would be more west germany than east ) it is easy to sit back and talk about business ties with russia should not be severed and not do anything about ukraine ( especially since they give you a cheaper price on gas ) , but for poland who suffered greatly under soviet rule and was gang banged by germany and russia in wwii while our `` allies '' just let us get killed , there is a strong sentiment of compassion with ukrainians ( also they are mostly slavs which contributes in some way or another i 'm sure . ) . 
  now i do n't know how far that compassion is going to go if poland has to start paying to help them , i honestly just do n't know . 
  but one thing is for sure personally i think that after seeing how spineless eu leaders where with this whole crisis , poland for once in its history , whilst having on of its greatest economic booms in the past 95 years , should gear up its military bit by bit to finally stategize and secure its rightful location ( honestly rightful would be slightly shifted east but that 's the ussr for you ) in central europe . 
  thing about westerners ( and most if not the whole world ) ... is that we have different opinions . 
   yes , i am saying they are not recognized . 
  did anyone here know about those ? 
  i 'm guessing majority of us have not . 
  the eu also has to watch it 's own borders with its own military might , the eastern border of the eu is scared shitless of what is going on , sure there is nato and such and it would be unwise for russia to attack , it still does n't diminish the fact that this is occurring so close to home and with a seemingly familiar story . 
  ukraine was always a polarized country with quite a bit of instability , so in a way this is a `` better '' outcome than a russian-american proxy civil war situated in ukraine . 
  however the way that the eu just feed ukraine to the russian dogs is very reminiscent of wwii when poland was just handed away by our allies ' incapacity to do anything . 
  all thanks to the eu 's radiant example of absolute spineless pragmatism . 
  i like the eu , i hate what our leaders have done during this crisis . 
  right because no one else has nukes ... 
  and more tax ... 
  have you seen the corruption scandals in poland , spain , france , italy , etc. . dude , what rock do you live under ? 
  yes but they have a big part of their black sea fleet in crimea . 
  obviously , all i 'm saying is that in international law russia is violating ukraine sovereignty ( regardless that the ussr gave crimea to ukraine fairly recently ) . 
  it just bugs me that some people wish to frame it as a humanitarian issue for the crimea . 
  eh , it just does n't work that way . 
  catalans want to vote for `` themselves '' to be independent but there are still legal proceedings to go through . 
  this is clearly russia just hoping in and getting access to the black sea . 
  you ca n't just get a group of people together say the government is not legitimate , make your own , vote to be independent/part of a different sovereign nation . 
  if that were the case , i vote that my predominantly polish neighborhood in the uk should just vote for their own pm and decided we want to be part of poland ... it does n't work that way . 
  thanks for delivering on the sources , i 've looked at your sources and some of my own and im starting to see a slight correlation between human trafficking and legalized prostitution ( though you source on lse does n't have an airtight data either ) . 
  it seems that in germany prostitutes in 2002-2006 where not conforming to the laws set in place for legal prostitution and then since germany became a sex tourism spot gangs and thugs starting pimping some voluntary and too many involuntary women . 
  so it seems to me that there is a problem with crime coming in when it is legalized and prostitutes not wanting to be taxed , but fining punters is n't the way of going about this . 
  there should be strict rules enforced on all parties , that should lead it to become streamline legal , and the german court can persecute pimps and women who tend to traffic women , more harshly leading them more underground n cut their profits . 
  do you have any stats to back up your claim , are you talking about the eu , if such which countries ? 
  the problem i have with your statement is that is a generic statement which has been used to lobby against legalizing prostitution or worse convicting people for it . 
  if there is a legal alternative then the profit margin of human trafficking disappears . 
  more so i would argue it is quite hard to get number on involuntary prostitution . 
  society seems to have a weird relationship with prostitution , in the past prostitution was just accepted , then women where persecuted for it , now with the modern women rights movement/man hate movement we are punishing the johns and punters . 
  if people want money for sex and people will pay for sex , get out of their bedroom . 
  make it safe for everyone involved and let it be . 
  sorry just my two cents . 
  i would assert that the empire mentality still persists , the way the uk directs its isolationist foreign policy , some internal structural rules where london is given a strong centralized rule on local budgets inherited from colonial times ( [ rules recently reviewed ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/giving-local-authorities-more-control-over-how-they-spend-public-money-in-their-area--2 ) ) , and ultimately the far right mentality and polices which have seem to have been kindled ( by a small minority now-a-days ) for hundreds of years . 
  when i say that brits need to realize that the empire is gone , i am trying to convey that british politicians should get off its high horse and realize that it is n't the number one place in the world for migrant workers , it is n't the most competitive place in europe , and ultimately it needs to modernize to keep up with the global world . 
  this might mean integrating with the eu , it might mean welfare reforms ( that include brits ) to make there be a bigger incentive to work , it might mean figuring out what it means to be british nowadays in the modern global interconnected world . 
  but backwards witch hunting populist bills keeps the focus away from reforming your glorious country and you can bet your politicians will milk these issues and continue to distract you from your own country 's real problems for years to come unless people wake up . 
  benefit tourism from `` eastern europe '' does n't really exist in any large capacity in the uk ( or anywhere else i really know ) . 
  the uk uses its immigrants as a scapegoat for the structural problems with its welfare state at the moment . 
  maybe the island should accept the empire is gone , we are now all equal as europeans under the eu , get off the high horse and come to talk about the real concerns that britain has with the eu and its policies instead of tooting populist bull shit . 
  i realize op is german , but i just want to nip this argument in the bud . 
  [ a source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24517983 ) ( but there are more if you google for them ), 
  i disagree . 
  he is partially open to multiculturalism , he is conservative in respects to gay rights and he admires the us in some regards and has tried bringing the positives he believes he saw in the us to poland . 
  but your labels are great for framing him in a horrible light . 
  giff gaff is amazing ... 
  well they already block piratebay , kickass torrents , ( and a few more popular ones ) . 
  they also blocked out some streaming links sites like solar movie etc. . . 
  i hate the politicians of this country i am forced to be part off ( i am catalan-polish ) . 
  the spanish government already implemented a quasi-tax on solar panels because the spanish government is in bed with the energy companies . 
  there was also the increased commission the spanish state will receive of people who win the lottery . 
  spain as a state owns a massive amount of the financial resources in the country . 
  stop taxing and swindling the money into swiss bank accounts . 
  at this point taxes seem almost equal to theft . 
  spanish , galician , basque , valencian , or catalan people are n't liars , thieves , lazy or dishonest ( at least not most of us ) . 
  but you can bet our higher ups are a fuckload of pigs .
