  though you ca n't use one person as a conclusion , it did open my eyes to the fact that some trans people may only go through with hormone therapy and reassignment because it 's the only treatment available which is very sad . 
   that 's up for debate . 
  it certainly does n't cure people to normal mortality levels . 
  i agree , but for many trans it does enable them to feel normal in their skin , and to live a normal life without dysphoria, 
  trans people are mentally ill . 
  it 's called gender dysphoria , and the only real known cure is hormone therapy supplemented with gender reassignment surgery . 
  not feeling like you 're in the right body , and being off put , and commonly , disgusted by your biology is abnormal behavior . 
  i support transgenders fully , so they can be helped and rid of this terrible illness, 
  i love you, 
  someone who migrates to a place illegally, 
  i 'm fully agreeing with you on that matter !, 
  heck , i 'd do it too . 
  but that 's also a problem because a country and the communities ends up taking most of the brunt of the crisis . 
  the food banks that get drained in an hour , so other people in line end up getting no food . 
  or the communitiy gymnasiums that get emptied out , or the unsafe areas where grown men congregate if we 're talking about the poles , again they went to who accepted them , and yes if my advisors family did have a slim chance to go to the us or uk they might of done it . 
  but polish refugees ca n't be used as an analogy for syrian ones because again they all did n't influx to one country , just the ones who accepted them , and they did n't pass through numerous safe countries to get to the one they wanted to . 
  the frustration people have mainly comes from that , you can see numerous videos and stories of refugees leaving fine countries like poland or hungary to go to germany which further worsens the crisis . 
  the crisis can only be solved if the refugees are distributed properly , of which , safe , european countries are fine with , but refugees willingly leave there to go to germany . 
  when people offer their hands , and get shafted like that , it 's very rude and angering . 
  i read up in the most recent influx en route to germany , only 8 people sought refuge in vienna , an utterly beautiful place , which is joke . 
  now do you see the problem with cherry picking mentalitities, 
  that was n't what i was bringing up with / u/cblackout . 
  however choosing the best country does lead to problems since they 're no longer refugees , attracts non refugees and mass influx into one country is never good , it can also cause problems for the communities where the shelters lie . 
  in all honesty , i have no problem with syrians at all , it 's just economic migrants i dislike, 
   you 're missing the point . 
  i have the utmost sympathy for people fleeing war and persecution , which is why i find it ironic that poles are so willing to shit on these refugees . 
  i 'm sure your high school 's career advisor would 've done the best thing he could for himself and his family . 
  why would you expect anything different from other people ? 
  yeah that 's fine , i just dislike how you 're using nz poles as an analogy for choosing the best country since nz is so far away when it was n't the case . 
  nz was n't a prosperous country either , a lot of resources went into the war which resulted in economic decline and depression following it . 
  my old higschool 's career advisor was a polish jew . 
  he told us no other country apart from new zealand accepted his families application for refuge . 
  it really is more than that stupid argument you 're making . 
  it was either the next countries were communist or nazi occupied or simply did n't accept polish refugees . 
  the poles certainly did n't pick which country to go to , or travelled across perfectly safe ones . 
  it was the first one that accepted them , and even then many abeled men went back to liberate their country , do n't brush them off as cherry pickers it 's irritating, 
  i never said i had any problems with immigrants . 
  in fact did n't i say they were great if immigration was done properly ? 
  i have no clue where you 're getting these assumptions of me saying `` they do n't wa n't to work '' . 
  i clearly outlined my opinion of the problem , reread my comment because you obviously never understood it, 
  problem is my friend is that it ca n't . 
  if you were a refugee you 'd try your best to make it to the absolute best country , heck i 'd do the same . 
  to all their eyes that 's germany . 
  with regards to the economic ones , how does one return them ? 
  it 's not like their countries want them . 
  yes immigration can be great if it is done properly , but that is seldom the case . 
  situation at hand requires stricter refugee policies or some miraculous way of making other countries take in their share , and some way of returning the fake ones . 
  since there is n't a solution , measures need to be taken, 
  if we 're talking strictly about the name , then yeah of course macedonia fyrom can use macedonia since romans called that whole region macedonia for some reason when they conquered the four states and made it into a province . 
  perhaps we were arguing about different things . 
  as for macedonia history and culture of which most of the world associates with that fyrom tries to claim is theirs , i 'll still stand by my stance , there really is nothing to support those notions . 
  i still ca n't understand how you think i 'm taking this from a nationalistic viewpoint by just using history , but whatever . 
  again , thanks for the discussion , gave it some more depth for me . 
  atleast for me it has nothing to do with america i mean look how far away my flair is . 
  it 's just america is so plentiful with borrowed names , often from the ethnicities from those places that immigrated to there , so it 's a great place to use comparisons , ones that you may understand . 
  i believe you admit that most macedonians were slavs and the greek ones were only in the minority in your message ? 
  which further proves my point ... 
  even if the borders were more fluid during ottoman rule , that is n't the case now . 
  you have to use the past if you 're discussing about a countries history and identity not the fabrications the macedonian government makes . 
  my closing statement is that you ca n't look at the artefacts , the ruins , the ethnics , the language , and geographic location of ancient macedonia , contemporary macedonia and ca n't factually say the two macedonians share this . 
  it really is that simple . 
  again there may be some greek macedonians , or there may a bit of this or that mixed but they 're largely slavic and much much more closer to bulgaria than anything , and funnily enough i believe alexanders kingdom included bulgaria more than fyrom . 
  before the 20th century there was no ` macedonia ' in that region . 
  the sad part is people get taught distorted and fabricated history and grow up with it . 
  heck there 's the greater macedonia movement who have numbers which consists of the fyrom macedonians wanting to reunite all the others that 's how convulsed it 's become . 
  you have to remember in your travels you 're hearing and learning from people who have had that more or less propaganda of ancestry etc drilled into their heads thanks to that lovely fyrom government . 
  thanks for the discussion, 
  if that 's the case what is the consensus amoungst most macedonians ? 
  what 's wrong with abortion on demand mate ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/hsaomy0.png that 's where alexander comes from and where ancient macedonia lies . 
  as you can see , this includes virtually none of modern macedonia . 
  the big problem lies in the fact that people who were never part of ancient macedonia , alexander never considered home or even traveled into , are claiming all of it as their history which annoys greeks , understandably . 
  and yes you can very much so make parallels with the us cities because they 're very good examples . 
  you 're being too stubborn to see the facts , noone is approaching this from nationalistic points of views by giving straight up facts . 
  the greeks are giving a very fair response to this problem . 
  i do n't think it 's right to just put it under the rug because it is pretty much historical theft on a grandeur scale . 
  it does n't matter how old something is , history is something people have very strong ties with . 
  many , many cultures around the world still celebrate and consider themselves apart of something long ago , why do n't you laugh at them , and consider that a joke ? 
  euthanasia in the netherlands is n't just willy nilly go to the required office , and say you want to die , and so a doctor comes over and euthanises the person . 
  no , the get screened extensively because this is n't something that happens whimsically . 
  do n't brush this off over the presumption him and all alcholics can be cured of their illness because the sad reality is many alcoholics can not find salvation , and so commit suicide in very nasty ways . 
  at least the netherlands are considerate enough to give a humane alternative . 
  for a person who no longer wanted to live , and saw no improvement in his life . 
  who are you to get in the way of that and impeach his decision ? 
  most likely because israel is a western and progressive country , and occupation and territorial disputes really should n't be happening . 
  because of this , israel is the most obvious first step as they align more with eu values . 
   that is n't most of the outrage though - the actual outrage though is that is europe and labelling our stuff is extremely sensitive as it 's sort of a historical reminder of the previous labells . 
  indeed what happened was terrible , but it is also be a reminder the israeli occupation of west bank is condemned , and even worse the initiatives the israeli government has for immigration into the area ( numerous support and benefits ) . 
  i think it 's fair to let people know that they may be buying produce from unethical means as most people again condemn the occupation of the west bank . 
  what 's always irked me about the burqa is the social implications . 
  i do n't want girls of any group being taught the way a woman is supposed to dress , or considered modest , valuable etc is with a full burqa . 
  which i know burqa wearing families/societies would push onto their girls . 
  banning the burqa in any way may encroach on freedoms of religion , but it certainly does stop the social consequences which i feel people do n't look at more often . 
  edit : meant does instead of does n't, 
  why do you have a space between your comma and letter ? 
  i uhh , i do n't like it ... 
  ### lovely, 
  yes , easy way to find spies , 
  i love german , the language is just so robust . 
  linguistics interests me , especially the many german dialects , and how they used to differ a lot !,
