yeah that 's a good point , realiability is very important, 
  that 's true , but if you look at youth voting trends it 's very democratic . 
  anyway i just find it a tad bit cruel to try and completly ditch the us . 
  i 'm sure canada and the eu had rough spots in leaders , but people were more focused on healing these places and moving forward . 
  i 've never thought it 's too productive to try and completly replace/overtake the us 's economy due to one bad president ... 
  so it 's a bit weird all these leaders saying along the lines of ` we must overtake the us as global leader ' . 
  enjoy your time there !, 
   wow a lot of homophobes in this thread . 
  thanks for the downvotes . 
  * i envy your self awareness *, 
  do you actually live in kazakhstan ? 
  but it is quite a problem in the system is n't it that was a factor in anis amri ? 
  why would n't parliament be in support, 
  is this seen as an issue in germany big enough to be brought into parliament ? 
  if that is so , how does germany get around exploitations in the law like that ? 
  my apologies, 
  i believe the red are the russian dominated areas in lithuania, 
  i think comparing english 's similarities and learning how to speak it is perhaps a bad approach considering how unique the language is . 
  as reflective of its history , how similar english is to whichever group is highly dependant on how you speak it . 
  if you 're speaking basic or casual english then it 's almost entirely germanic as the language started out . 
  the common people never learned french or sciences , and it 's also why casual speech sounds more gruff and rough etc. 
  it 's also why lower and middle lower class peoples would n't understand much of the speech that is formal or scientific because it comes from completely different places . 
  where in german and maybe dutch , a lot of the words are formed from already existing ones . 
  however if you 're speaking formally you 'll find it 's quite split between romance and germanic as french was the language of the elites in england so many french words seeped into english , and that 's why you also come of as eloquent posh etc when speaking formally . 
  this is also why there are thousands of french and germanic cognates in english for words such as family ( french/romance ) and kin ( germanic ) if you 're speaking of the sciences you 'll find it 's predominantly latin and greek based as the scientists during the period of enlightenment decided to base their finds off of latin and greek words . 
  so english has that fluidity where how similar it is really depends on the instance . 
  mark at the pub will sound very different to the tom giving a seminar at the university or the john presenting his lab findings to his colleagues useful table of cognates/equivalents https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_germanic_and_latinate_equivalents_in_english, 
  replace the `` r '' in reddit with a ` c ' . 
  i think my comment with a direct link got deleted, 
  they have this weird complex government , and the flemish and wallonians have a love hate relationship , and i think the german belgians are usually forgotten . 
  they have a lot of arabic peoples , weird islamisation going on . 
  they make good beer and chocolate though . 
  bless belgium though , i hope they find peace with heir problems , and do well with their strengths this coming new year, 
  you also ca n't renounce until you 've paid off all your taxes which i think the us is the only country that does this, 
  maybe that foreign persons passport of their nationality does n't allow dual citizenship , and so their parents decided to go with the passport of their nationality . 
  i assume this means that a third generation immigrant has to go through naturalization of gettnig citizenship in switzerland which takes 10 years in switzerland . 
  citizenship is also by blood over there too . 
  really is my best guess, 
  a shame it 's being brought to europe , it just looks like a very unneeded nuisance to people . 
  especially the one in the barcelona metro , people need that space especially during peak hours, 
  he has a fair point , no need for the piss take . 
  he is n't saying white people are at fault either . 
  who would n't feel good about stopping criminal activity ? 
  those boats belong to people smuggles , packing people into those boats to the brim like live stock , setting people up for their death at sea - truly the worst kind of people with much blood on their hands . 
  they have nothing to do with the libyan government ; or their people , and i would very much rest assured if all of those criminals boat 's were destroyed . 
  how can you have any sort of guilt for people like that ? 
  how do these economic migrants even survive in europe i wonder ? 
  they 're ineligible for asylum , ca n't work in the eu as having no papers , so what do they do ? 
  just decay and lay around in the country resorting to crime , resulting in more anis amris ? 
  i also doubt the safety operation those ` aid ' organizations discourage migrants when they 're really just free no strings attached ferris into europe when the ships seldom get past a few kilometers off the coast of libya . 
  a lot of them do n't even register in the camps , and move onto the countries they want to reside in . 
  just simply disallow any migrant ships into europe ? 
  the dublin law needs to be reformed , it was n't made taking into account a situation such as this, 
   we are taking care of that . 
  what do you mean `` we '' ? 
   my fight is with the ones who lead the far-right , not the foot soldiers ;-) if he 's a foot soldier , you 're probably one too , or less , in the eyes of the higher ups in the far right . 
  they have just as much apathy towards you as you do towards that other guy  ;-) stop that it 's weird, 
  man your head is stuck so far up your ass it 's not funny . 
  you 're being way too naive on the matter if you seriously think there is absolutely no security threat of the massive immigration wave into europe from the middle east which hosts these is fighters . 
  is is losing the war , they 're losing territory - they do n't want to be at the hands of their enemy , so what do you think the most logical thing to do if you 're not a known is fighter ? 
  it 's been known for a long time that is fighters and their family returning to their former european countries , and in cases like denmark they 're even welcomed !, 
  lastly , the drug history of that user has is little of relevance to the discussion . 
  looking through his using it against him is firstly very insensitive , secondly a very shallow thing for you to do , thirdly just very creepy as he said , have some decency stop being an ass, 
  islam fundamentally clashes with western culture in many aspects . 
  if you 're culture is an islamic one , there will be friction if you try to bring western values into it . 
  i think most syrians are just happy they have fled the war , but that is n't to say there is n't other issues apart from violence or ones in the future . 
  integration is a big one because good luck getting muslims to give up islamic values for western ones which is something frequently condemned in mosques . 
  take the turks who are relatively moderate in regards to other muslims , but they still have n't integrated and largely accepted the culture , some do n't even speak the language and some consider themselves turkish rather than german . 
  so you have literally millions of people migrating that wo n't integrate , having culture clashes , which will inevitably cause problems in the future . 
  does n't sound that bad tbh if it 's a natural progression . 
  people will be more realistic, 
  man , i hope the issue of asylum seekers roaming around getting lost in the system in these massive migrant waves truly gets addressed , this did n't need to happen . 
  germany really needs to tighten its belt , and really be harsher . 
  those applying for asylum should n't disappear from camps , and those awaiting deportation should n't be notified . 
  do you mean not artificial ? 
  her hair looks natural to me, 
  though i do agree with you , `` is '' is used the same in dutch as it is in english, 
   they made that guy do bone tests and it turned out he was 17 , just as he said he was . 
  then that 's fine , he can apply asylum as a minor , i do n't see the problem here 's the article http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/denmark-child-asylum-seekers-adult-age-test-migrants-refugee-crisis-a7464081.html for the innocent refugees it really makes no difference because they get to live in a peaceful society which is priceless  ` would a nation ever sink so low as to check refugees teeth ' yet refugees sink as low as to lie about their age to countries taking them in, 
  can you explain how 's it dehumanizing ? 
  in denmark 3 in 4 suspected ` child ' asylum seekers turned out to be adults . 
  do n't be so naive , many people game the system which costs countries much much more which is why dental tests for suspected fraudsters is fine . 
  just like in an airport suspicious people get checked , do you think that 's dehumanizing ? 
  it 's essentially the same thing . 
  and yes , that guy defiantly looks above 18 , so it 's not exactly helping your point, 
  saw a natgeo article about propaganda posters of the 20th century , and this one caught my eye, 
  my imam told me it was proof that islamic societies were superior , well go figure . . for muslims suicide is n't really worth it , shame to your family , drilled since childhood to beleive in an eternity in hell and if you fail at it , you face very harsh punishment since it 's a grave sin . 
  mental illness as a whole is treated and understood poorly , when i was down in the dumps that answer was to just pray . 
  low suicide rates in muslim countries have a lot of context behind it , they have n't solved the problem , just mitigated it with fear or lack of education which is n't the right way to go about it, 
  afghans compromise a large chunk of the influx of refugees where in their country education is not particularly high . 
  illiteracy is very common in even their own language , so it 's very valid to point out how the red and greens will provide work for illiterate afghans since most ca n't understand the latin script or speak german , and some ca n't read in their own language . 
  he never generalized all refugees anywhere in his comment, 
  when people are frustrated a common thing to do is to be humorous about it, 
  yeah , when you come into my old high school 's hall , the first thing you see are the many plaques filled with names lined across the wall of the students that died during the wars . 
  it was either 1/3 or 2/3 of the graduating class died in ww1, 
  nz and aus went into the war willingly too, 
  we also bake really tasty cookies :3 anzac cookies are the bomb . 
   unfortunately it 's such a politicized issue that there 's no impartial research being done . 
  indeed , i 'm wary of using mental illness , albeit scientifically accurate , because of the negative connotations it holds ( `` how coulld you ever call trans people mentally ill '' ) , and the many anti trans arguments that use it , some people take it badly . 
  i was talking to a trans friend earlier in the day , and he said if there was a pill to cure dysphoria , he 'd take it .
