  ah , seems i was mistaken then . 
  apologies . 
  maybe france could pay their fair share then ? 
  they seem to be very good at avoiding that while saying we are being too demanding . 
  he seems like a nice man . 
  i hate the blue , it makes it look like a company flag . 
  it does n't really count since it 's just called ` titin ' . 
  if you want to remind people of why wars are so terrible , you do n't show them the part where people celebrate victory , you show them the part that makes them question whether the victory was worth the cost . 
  i disagree on one respect . 
  hatred of the french is what brought europe together in the 1800 's . 
  hatred of the germans is what brought europe together in the 1900 's . 
  hatred of russia has brought europe together now . 
  we thrive off hatred of one another since it brings everyone else together , we should celebrate that . 
  or we should just put images of putin having sex with hitler on the euros , that works too . 
  apology not accepted . 
  bow to emperor merkel scum and repent your treachorous ways . 
  nah , [ this is my favourite ] ( https://www.bullionbypost.co.uk/media/uploads/images/2014/01/22/five_pound_sovereign_obverse.jpg ), 
  it works how we want it to work , we invented it . 
  i guess we did what we do best , take things and pretend they 're ours . 
  * looking at you british museum * . 
  technically we just got thanked . 
  flair up motherfucker . 
  maybe , but it 's better than setting the precedent of not allowing people the right to vote on important issues because they are deemed as ` too stupid ' . 
  depends who you 're terrorising . 
  flair up bitch . 
  people do n't seem to understand that just because cameron 's agreed to have a referendum does n't mean he wants to leave the eu . 
  i think it 's important to have referendum 's on these things every now and then and we have n't had one in ages . 
  i do n't support the tories but it pisses me off when i see people over here thinking that we 're on our way out just because we 're holding a referendum . 
  this cartoon is bollocks . 
  you should n't give no quarter just for the sake of ` showing us ' . 
  you should be acting for the good of europe . 
  if it benefits the eu then you should do it , not refusing to simply because it might benefit us as well . 
  and i 'm saying this as someone who strongly believes that we should stay in the eu . 
  that 's rather cynical of you . 
  they would need to convince the british population that their culture and heritage is not at risk . 
  this would be extremely difficult given that most feel their culture and heritage are at risk just being in the eu . 
  if they managed to convince them then i think that would do it . 
  but it 's a * big * if . 
  the problem is that the eu is pushing towards federalisation , and while i personally would be in support of that it would be horribly unpopular with the majority of brits , meaning that we will probably leave at some point . 
  i certainly consider them british in the same way i 'd consider someone from surrey to be british . 
  argentinian freedom fighters should invade argentina then , that might increase the polls in the governments favour . 
  `` falkland islands vote to become russian territory , argentina still not happy '', 
  they had a referendum with a 98 % turnout and 99 % voted to remain part of the uk . 
  do your research next time . 
  a ham spokesperson had this to say '' we are very pleased that the citizens of romania chose to entrust us with the future of our country , after all , you ca n't make change without breaking some eggs '' . 
  aarhus in the middle or aarstreet, 
   if we recognized territorial claims from 1415 , then i guess sizeable portions of france should be given to the english monarch . 
  i suddenly feel like we should be recognising territorial claims from 1415 . 
  i 'm considering just filling out my entire text box with the word ` wankanator ' repeated over and over again so that it appears as one of the most frequently used words but i think i might get banned for spamming . 
  we give you economy , you give us glorious sunlight . 
  seems fair . 
  spain, 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment , you want the guy above me . 
  because americans are a much larger consumer base . 
  i think we should just claim argentina . 
  we owned the falklands before argentina was a country , and when it comes to proximity argentina is just as close to the falklands as the falkland are to argentina , so their argument works both ways . 
  the rwandan genocide is certainly not forgotten . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'll end up holding onto our oil anyway and import from the middle east until the price goes up . 
  i quite like it . 
  they 're excellent diplomats and to me they 've always seemed like a kind of living piece of history . 
  i do n't mind paying a bit of maintenance for them just like i do n't mind paying a bit of maintenance to a museum . 
  however , you get a better view driving into london than heathrow , gatwick or luton . 
  what 's the second one ? 
  the rape of nanjing ? 
  we 're not perfect but we 're not a police state . 
  how can you say we 're even close to a police state while countries like north korea still exist ? 
  i know you 've already chosen the song for england , but please consider [ ` who knows where the time goes ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2xodjbfyw8 ) by fairport convention . 
  fairport convention were a british folk band in the late 60 's considered to be the pioneers of british folk rock . 
  this song was rated by british listeners as the best folk song in a poll by the bbc . 
  however while being somewhat well known in the uk they were never huge like other bands of their time , and you would be hard pressed to find many people outside of the uk who have heard of them . 
  i think it would be better to choose a lesser known british band considering there are so many obvious choices from the most popular artists . 
  hey !, 
  it 's not all bad here , just avoid birminghamistan and you 're fine . 
  surely that 20 % is quite significant though ? 
  that 's 20 % of people who voted in the last election now voting for a different party , that could have consequences . 
  i 'm not arguing that you do n't need guns , i was pointing out the * differences * between our cultures . 
  you say we 'd be more ` british ' with you than with europe , i refute that claim and you do nothing to actually argue * why * we 'd be more ` british ' with you . 
  you need guns in the us ? 
  fine , i do n't dispute that , but we do n't need them or want them and neither does the rest of europe . 
  i do n't give a shit about the gun argument , but you want to tell us we 're better off with you than with europe , not back up that belief ( a belief that is entirely within your right to make by the way . ), 
  and then have the audacity to disregard my comment , in which i explain to you why i think you 're wrong , as `` condemning '' and `` just finding reasons to hate '' ? 
  the only person here `` not trying to understand anything '' here is you . 
  but then why stop there ? 
  your idealism is already so unrealistic you may as well start talking about how , if you had the choice , every country would join in a federal union , all would renounce regressive social policies , corruption would end , everyone would agree to reduce carbon emissions . 
  saying that `` if i had the choice , i 'd vote to change our constitution , our flag , our name and basically everything about us to be in the same federal union with the uk '' . 
  is an entirely ridiculous , hypothetical statement . 
  if i said `` if i had the choice , europe would change it 's laws flag and name in order to be in a federal union with the uk '' it would somehow be a more realistic idea than the one you 're presenting . 
  the uk and the usa are very similar , but we also have stark differences . 
  us and europe share a lot more in common in terms of ideals than us and the usa . 
  the fact is that while the differences between the uk and europe are emphasised due to our membership of the eu , the amount you would have to change europe to accommodate the uk would be smaller than the amount you would have to change the usa to do the same . 
  you place religion far more central into your country , you place gun rights as the second most important part of your constitution , of your two political parties one is more right wing than our conservative party and the other is the republican party , who 's two frontrunners are a billionaire demagogue and a christian zealot . 
  you 've got no public health system and half of your country thinks climate change is a work of fiction . 
  to say that we would retain more of our culture if we were in a federal union with the usa is , quite frankly , bollocks . 
  unless you want to give up your own culture in the process . 
  `` britain would be better if it were part of the us '' `` i do n't understand why british people do n't respond kindly to my comments '' pick one . 
  i know this thread is already a shit show but i kind of want to contribute . 
  personally to say ` are you proud of the british empire ? ', 
  is too vague a question , and too open to subjective definition , it depends entirely on your perspective of the the question that 's being asked . 
  do you define it as being proud of * how * britain created it 's empire ? 
  do you define it as * why * they created it ?
