  the fact that they were * able * to create it ? 
  how they * maintained it * ? 
  it 's * effect * on today 's world ? 
  furthermore , what about the things that you can attribute as being a result of the british empire , like the industrial revolution ? 
  or the spread of british culture ? 
  the obvious answer is that you take into account * all * of these things , but the fact is that there are so many things to consider , so many questions , so many different aspects and perspectives , that summarising all of them into a position as simplistic as ` yes , i am proud ' or ` no , i am not proud ' not only does a disservice to the complexity of the issue at hand but also promotes misunderstanding of the positions of others . 
  the point is that the british empire was more complex than just it 's ` imperial ' aspect ( as strange as that sounds ) , in the same way the roman empire was about more than just it 's conquests of europe but also about it 's arts and sciences , it 's infrastructure and it 's politics , it 's society and it 's subjects , and the effect all of those things have had on the wider world , for better or worse . 
  so i guess i refuse to answer the question , because i do n't think i can condense my answer into a position as simple as the ones they 're looking for . 
  my dad 's great uncle got a letter bomb sent to him by the ira because it addressed him as ` captain ' . 
  it was originally sent by his friend who fought with him in the second world war , which is what explains the ` captain ' . 
  did n't stop the ira from intercepting it and sticking a bomb in it though . 
  luckily he knew something was dodgy about it so informed the police and was n't harmed , but it does n't change the fact that the ira tried to kill an old war vet because they thought he might have been a soldier . 
  with those prices a war would be inevitable . 
  i think the populations of most countries are in favour of securing our external borders , it 's the internal borders where opinions change . 
  absolutely brilliant speech , he 's swayed me somewhat . 
  who gives a shit though ? 
  the worst possible outcome is that you get misunderstood and downvoted . 
  besides the best possible sarcasm is when everyone is debating whether it 's sarcasm or not . 
  if turkey join the eu then that will be the ultimate sign that the eu can not be reformed . 
  well of course i support the kurds , but they are limited to a very small part of syria and thus we ca n't expect them to end up governing it , though i completely support the recognition of kurdistan as a country and would support that syrian land being a part of that country . 
  and while i completely support the moderate rebels , they are outnumbered by the more radical rebels and so there is a big big possibility that once they are given the keys to the kingdom ' so to speak they will be completely outnumbered by the radicals - who will end up controlling syria in much the same way as assad if not worse . 
  and what 's the alternative ? 
  a democracy in that kind of country would be nothing but an opportunity for equally or even more oppressive groups to take control , the rebels have shown that they 're no better than assad and we do n't even need to mention isis . 
  there is literally no option here that works , at least with assad we know what we 're getting and can aim on improving things . 
  who do you support in this war ? 
  and the other options will create more brutality , plus that 's a way too simplistic way of looking at it - lot 's of factors created them . 
  which i can understand , relative to the other options . 
  that was a man and i think he was black , the wounded person looks like a white female . 
  just want to give my condolences to our french brothers over the channel . 
  i really hope you and your loved ones are all ok and i want you to know that europe will stand by you . 
  if i were spain i 'd back an official referendum , that would prevent the rules being set out by the catalan secessionists ( which are deliberately biased ) it would also allow both sides to pitch their cases so that the electorate can make a more informed decision , and frankly the longer they leave it the worse it 's going to get . 
  the spanish government will be forced to allow a referendum at some point . 
  i think i 'll probably vote to stay in the eu , but if no reforms are made that strengthen the eu ( not the uk specifically , the eu as a whole ) after that then i will definitely vote to leave on the next referendum , which i would expect to happen in about 10 years if the eu did n't reform at all . 
  so by your logic since the uk is in the eu right now we should add the gdp of all the other countries in the eu to our gdp . 
  this entire argument is assuming the uk has left the eu , of course you have to subtract the uk gdp from these statistics . 
  and compared to sierra leone we 're fucking huge , what 's your point ? 
  we 're the fifth largest economy in the world , there are a lot of arguments to stay in the eu and i agree with them , but saying we would be a mid level economy is just not true unless your argument assumes that there are only 10 countries in the world . 
  well i for one am a supporter of the anti europe party . 
  we plan to stay in the eu , but leave europe . 
  we also do not deny climate change , we completely accept the scientific basis for why it is happening and will work very hard to accelerate it so that we may live in the glorious aquatic world that made us so great to begin with . 
  yes , but strong support for one could also be a good thing as it just redefines where the dissent is . 
  for example if we were to overwhelmingly vote to leave we might have some people saying we should promote relations with , say , the other anglo commonwealth nations whereas others might say we should continue trying to work with europe from outside the eu . 
  this is n't meant to contradict your point , i agree with you , i just wanted to add on to what you said . 
  i think if it were to happen it would be an economic union solely with freedom of movement maybe thrown in there . 
  i would n't want america to join , they need to get on the same page in terms of welfare , in which the rest of us are quite similar . 
  i love them and this is nothing personal , but out of best interests even if they wanted to join they 're too different for it to be feasible . 
  christ it 's not about what benefits the uk , it 's about what benefits the eu . 
  if it is more beneficial to the eu for the uk to be a part of an economic zone ( not saying it is , just saying if it were ) then it would be stupid to say no out of what i can only describe as spite . 
  a lot of people on this site are saying that the uk should n't be allowed to do something because it would benefit the uk , you should be saying we should n't be allowed to do something because it would be harmful to the eu . 
  your definition of trolling is worse than that of the media . 
  the shelf might stretch east enough to reach the usa . 
  exactly , the sooner people realise this , the sooner they will accept that they live in the continent of the ` united kingdom ' which stretches across the entire world . 
  i think sanders implied democratic socialism , since that 's what he identifies as . 
  i sometimes feel this place is more like / r/europeanunion rather than / r/europe, 
  yeah , who is this fuck that thinks he can make us look good ? 
  hmm , i 've got no idea . 
  i ca n't be too annoyed because all the heptathletes just seemed like such good friends . 
  also you did n't steal shit , it took 4 personal bests for thiam to beat ennis - it was a damn good contest and you earnt that gold . 
  `` we were fucked up but we were n't as bad as the belgians '' is generally how i respond . 
  who was the athlete ? 
  now we just need the enabling act to round off today 's repeat broadcast of the 1930 's . 
  if they had voted out they would have been fucked by the fall in oil prices , it works both ways, 
  seems like a good guy , though i confess i do n't know much about this election . 
  i was thinking chile , but then i remembered the deposition of allende was , i think 1972 , and thatcher was n't pm till 79 so that 's my mistake . 
  however i still feel her foreign policy was pretty shoddy , particularly given her support of the khmer rouge regime and her vocal support of the apartheid south african government . 
  but i do n't think their policies are being implemented at the moment anyway , so i do n't see how electing hofer or trump will change that . 
  also while i think thatcher 's impact on britain could certainly be argued to be successful , her foreign policy - particularly in her removal of democratically elected leaders of sovereign countries , whose only crimes were not being as friendly to the uk or the us - was hugely damaging and a massive failure on her part . 
  firstly i think curiosity is probably a bad reason to vote for anyone . 
  secondly , while i share your frustration with political correctness , i ca n't help but feel that it 's overblown and the ` social justice warrior ' crowd are nothing more than a small but vocal minority . 
  plus i do n't think voting in someone like trump or hofer will do anything to actually get rid of that minority . 
  the outrage that would cause would be visible from mercury . 
  this was one of the few bonding times we had and i ca n't help but feel a little betrayed france . 
  at least germany still gets it . 
  good . 
  weird shit . 
  that guy on the right looks like frodo, 
  maybe we should vote leave out of shame . 
  i feel like the backing singers are in this to win the village of the year award . 
  welp , there it is . 
  oh shit it 's the evil queen from snow white, 
  i mean it 's not exactly subtle . 
  `` in all forms except physical , i am a wolf '' . 
  i 'm a fan of cyprus . 
  i bet paul simon 's in the box , screaming . 
  a man with two arseholes might sound interesting , but ultimately they 're still just using both of them to shit . 
  he looks like a man dressed as a woman dressed as a man . 
  i do n't like his smile , he looks like he 'd smile when you find him shagging your wife . 
  there is nothing more satisfying than seeing a frenchman singing in english, 
  if she starts meowing i 'm going to vomit, 
  she does n't have any warning lights on her arse . 
  the sith lords really are trying to appeal to a wider audience . 
  that 's a strange british accent . 
  that monk is only doing this because the dalai lama is a eurovision fan . 
  actually it was a parody of the guy saying that london is becoming a caliphate . 
  and how 's a muslim mayor going to make a difference ? 
  why is this guy making this point on a threat about london electing a muslim mayor ? 
  you could say that about anything though . 
  i mean i may be wrong about an outbreak of mutated ducks sieging the white house by 2020 , but if i 'm right then you 're all going to be sorry you did n't kill all the ducks when you had the chance . 
  basically when nothing happens because he 's talking bollocks , he can claim that he was not talking bollocks , and the reason nothing happened is because of climate change , sub saharan africa , transport , and borders . 
  of course none of that will change the fact that he is talking bollocks .
