definitely . 
  even if it was intentional , we seemed ok when argentina filmed their athletes training around port stanley , * by the war memorial * before the olympics with the tagline : * we only train on argentinian soil * . 
  they 're perfectly fine making jokes and we 're perfectly fine taking them . 
  but god forbid we ever return the favour because in that scenario the justified response is to apparently attack the top gear crew with stones and drive them out of the country . 
  they want an apology ? 
  the argentinian government is pathetic , they 've screwed up their country so much that they 've had to hide behind the falkland controversy to try and shift the focus of it 's people . 
  the last time they did that it ended in almost a thousand people dying for a pointless , selfish war . 
  i mean , i 'm pro eu and all . 
  but this does feel like a blow to us . 
  i do n't mind paying extra based on our gdp doing better than expected , but making us pay for industries that we do n't tax ? 
  that seems unfair . 
  furthermore what is this extra money we give going to be spent on ? 
  will it be given to france or spain so they can avoid having to actually change anything to fix their broken economy ? 
  i think most people are angry because they feel the extra money taken from the uk will be given to france or spain so that they do n't have to make cuts . 
  first lithuania , then the world . 
  our domination shall be meticulous and polite , we 've learnt our lesson from last time . 
  put it in the orkney islands . 
  just for fun . 
  but you ca n't build windmills . 
  i agree , he needs to have some experience of serious diplomatic negligence in order to even remotely considered, 
  they 're taken out of context though . 
  he did n't call bin laden 's death a tragedy , he said it was a tragedy he was n't captured alive so that he could go through the due process and answer to the american people . 
  i 'm not a ukip voter but the eu absolutely needs to change if federalism is the ultimate goal here . 
  i 'm not against federalism in principle , i believe that if it were more beneficial for us to do it i would vote yes regardless of any ` british pride ' or whatever . 
  but as it is the eu is not ready , and if they are not willing to change then eventually people will start leaving and something else will take it 's place . 
  and when i say ` reform ' i do n't mean all that claptrap british politicians say when what they really mean is ` we want to weasel out of doing this ' . 
  what it does mean is putting in reforms that benefit the entire system , and end this idea that the eu is basically just there for the benefit of a few countries . 
  i do n't mind them bringing a bit of their own culture , i think it 's good to see diversity . 
  but they should be intergrating when it comes to language , laws , attitudes etc. 
  this is one example . 
  you realise that literally every side thinks the bbc is biased towards the other right ? 
  it 's not a good way of putting it , but i think / u/szkwarek is using it in regards to the russian government and it 's policies rather than the people . 
  i agree wit the fact that we should take in more refugees , but when you have * that much * opposition to a war and the prime minister still ignores you then i do n't think it 's fair to blame the british people for the bombings . 
  we were n't very nice people . 
  but we 're not known for being fucking stupid . 
  or famines . 
  that 's him posing with his diet , in case anyone was wondering . 
  no , no . 
  i 'm sure the yanks would be more than willing to join us . 
  some people do n't have those opportunities . 
  i do n't blame the immigrants for wanting to come over . 
  sure some people in the eu would rather live in sweden , but nobody in the eu lives in a warzone , they do n't live in places as corrupt and backwards as some of the african countries the immigrants come from . 
  i do n't blame them , but i agree we should n't let them in . 
  i agree with every suggestion you 've made . 
  but i do n't think it 's fair to call them cowards for wanting a better life for their families . 
  freedom of speech protects you from being persecuted by the law or from being denied rights that would otherwise be afforded to you , simply because of your beliefs . 
  it does not protect you from criticism . 
  the day freedom of speech does not allow a person , or a belief , or an institution , to be subject to criticism is the day it ceases to become freedom of speech all together . 
  but make no mistake , there is no contradiction between a person 's right to criticise another person 's belief , and the believers ' right to safety . 
  when charlie hebdo posted pictures of the prophet mohammed performing sexual acts , the muslim community had a right to take offence , they had a right to complain and they had a right to boycott them . 
  just as the people who disagree with you have a right to do the same . 
  but in both cases the right to express themselves does not allow them to kill or hurt those they disagree with . 
  and if you ca n't understand the difference between criticism and persecution then , in my opinion , you are an ignorant bigot . 
  but i 'm not going to burn your house down for it . 
  even if it was done randomly , 100 people is not nearly enough to represent the entire country, 
  people have realised it . 
  pretty much anyone that insults the french over here is doing it as a joke . 
  all made up for by their beautiful women and countryside . 
  i met a guy once who thought england was part of ireland . 
  you 'd have liked him . 
  i refuse to believe he was n't trolling . 
  hold on . 
  you come to my country , you insult our women , and you do n't even drink ? 
  you can fuck right off you poncy arsed little cunt . 
  the ugly girls over here all those damned immigrants , you just think they 're british . 
  did you know that today marks the 71st anniversary of the normandy beach landings ? 
  i do n't know why i bring it up . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  the weather is fucking nice today fuck me . 
  the cloud 's as thin as an essex girls panties . 
  * i do n't mind the french , but i 'm still complaining . 
  fuck you french people *, 
  * you 're goddamn reich *, 
  i do n't have an issue with a country hosting the world cup despite not really having anything to do with football because i think that it can help to make football more popular . 
  i 'm also not against a country hosting the world cup in winter because it 's too hot because i do n't think it 's fair to deny a country the world cup just because it might interrupt the european leagues . 
  i want qatar to be stripped of the world cup because they are not up to the standard of human rights that pretty much every other host has had and should be required to have . 
  ah yes , we call that lane `` fuck you , drive a car '', 
  if it were n't for us you would n't exist / s * bitch *, 
  do n't worry mate . 
  we know you 've been shite for centuries . 
  and a ` gift ' of $ 200,000, 
  fuck off you bollock . 
  i feel like non european tourists will go all around europe , rather than just to one specific country , which usually entails a few days in london at the least . 
  european tourists on the other hand are more likely to go to just one or two places . 
  i 'd expect italy to have more european tourists than the uk . 
  but to international tourists i 'm not surprised if we have more since i reckon london and paris are considered the ` must go to ' cities . 
  plus you have to add in the fact that english being the uk 's first language makes it much more popular with people , especially other english speaking countries , but even languages with other first languages . 
  i reckon you 'll probably find way more tourists speak english than italian . 
  damn straight it was larger . 
  it 's all yours mate . 
  sorry about that . 
  i was n't sure what it was . 
  but you lost the great northern war , you attacked russia in the winter and got fucked in poltava . 
  falklands could come next year . 
  their song would go something like : * fuck you argentina , fuck you in the bum * * you really wan na have this you can come and get it , scum * * but if you try and take it , we 'll falk you up the ass * * that 's why it 's called the falklands , and not los malvinas *, 
  you must be german . 
  i wo n't be satisfied until gay marriage is not only legal in every country , but * mandatory * . 
  genetics . 
  that 's it . 
  let 's leave the eu .
