  oh , i 've noticed the seeds , it 's not only the almonds . 
  i mean look at your bread hahaha . 
  i have n't tried scho-ka-kola . 
  i will ask once i get home and see what about it . 
  thanks :d, 
  i 'm all about personal space and it is not the closeness that i 'm looking for . 
  it 's like people greet like they do n't mean it . 
  i 've seen more emotion in two potatoes that when sometimes looking a parent and child saying hello or goodbye at train stations/airports . 
  i understand is not the cup of tea of everyone but if that is the case , i prefer then the handshake a hundred times than the uncomfortable hug . 
  right ? 
  it 's even worse when you do n't get it right and you manage to open the whole window except for the corner that keeps all together !, 
  i hate it when that happens , i fear i will break the whole thing :(, 
   thank you . 
  ok , a kiss on the cheek for you : *, 
  i also like it better , you still get the room fresh without being cold and in winter this is valuable because germs and diseases . 
  france invading mexico . 
  that would be a 2nd time . 
  the first one gave us 5 de mayo . 
  my husband 's family has improved the xmas dinner over time because i complained a little and one of my brothers-in-law joined me in the battle . 
  the last xmas i spent here at least there was the raclette grill thing . 
  much better than bratwurst and potatoes . 
  we 're celebrating xmas here in germany again this year , i 'm definitely curious about the dinner choice . 
  for me is `` dreaming of you '' from the coral . 
  in mexico , girls kiss . 
  girl and guy kiss . 
  but two guys not really , they share a very energetic hug though . 
  however , it 's common seeing father and son sharing a kiss on the cheek to greet each other . 
  maybe it 's just my husband 's family the ones that make crappy xmas eve dinners then :(, 
  living close to n\u00fcrnberg , that is almost a given , 
  hahahaha , that is brilliant , haha . 
  reading all the comments , at this point i 'm not sure anymore if i even belong to a group . 
  i 've never heard my mother-in-law saying anything about honouring the harship of winter and jesus . 
  so , i 'm starting to realize that maybe she just does n't like to cook xmas dinner and my husband might have told me a white lie to excuse her and his family . 
  it 's ok , the good spirit is what it counts . 
  it is worth it , it is very charming . 
  i live 30 mins from there . 
  specially if you 're looking for something a bit more relaxed after going crazy in the oktoberfest . 
  you do have to try the rauchbier . 
  it does take 2 hours to get there as long as you go with the fast train ( ice ) . 
  i strongly recommend to book these in advance because the deutsche bahn has special offers for early bookers and you can save tons of money on fast trains . 
  trust me on this one . 
  if you wait until very last minute you will either have to buy a very expensive ticket or you will have to travel with the regional train and those 2 hours can easily become 4 . 
  normally this special offers last up until 3 days before the desired date but it also depends on availability , so decide early enough if you want to go , 
  it is also unesco site and i find it beautiful , 
  yes and now one of those is my husband !, 
  i met him during germany world cup 2006 . 
  he 's german , i 'm mexican and went to visit my brother who was living and studying in germany at that time . 
  also , i 'm still in contact with several people i met during my 6 month international exchange during university . 
  i agree is not the same as being in contact with random people you met while traveling but this was 7 years ago and i still get to see a couple of them every once in a while even though we all live in different countries ( none of those countries are our countries of origin , by the way )  . 
  not sure how long you will stay in berlin but even if it 's a day you 'll have a blast !, 
  first of , take advantage of the fact that beer and food is extremely cheap there compared to other cities you 're visiting . 
  1 or 2 euro beer , yes !, 
  and you can totally drink while walking down the streets and well really in all public places , so do n't fear . 
  do not ride the metro without a ticket even though is tempting . 
  you might ever get caught but if you do , the fine will be painful to pay ( can be up to 60 euros , it is just not worth it ) . 
  mustafa 's kebabs are good and famous but if you 're limited on time just do n't go and avoid making a huge queue for just a kebab . 
  eat currywurst , it 's delicious . 
  go out and party , nightlife in berlin is great and there 's everything for every taste . 
  in my opinion checkpoint charlie is a waste of time . 
  go to the east side gallery and to the holocaust memorial , they are pretty cool to see . 
  also , brandenburg gate and a quick walk through unter den linden . 
  if you have limited time do n't go to tempelhof , not so exciting for such a short trip . 
  do n't worry about the language , german in berlin is really not that necessary . 
  have tons of fun !, 
  when i go i 'm normally based close to friedrichshain so some recommendations :, 
  * curry 66 - good value currywurst , they have a sauces menu, 
  * burgeramt - burgers , i know maybe not so exciting for you but i really like how they are made on both locations and are not so expensive, 
  * aunt benny - perfect for brunch . 
  in other locations :, 
  * if you want a donner and you see a b\u00e4lli donner shop , just enter and ask for one , they are good there . 
  good alternative to mustafa 's . 
  * really almost any currywurst place with a number in their name is a decent choice . 
  * currywurst mitte in mitte - its good and also very well located, 
  * kaffeemitte in mitte - also very well located , it 's self service . 
  not the greatest but is a safe easy location to have lunch . 
  * piri 's chicken in kreuzberg , very good burgers . 
  * markthalle neun in kreuzberg - they have a street food market on thursdays from like 5 or 6pm until 10pm . 
  [ check website in advance ] ( http://markthalleneun.de/markets ) , maybe they have something else on other days, 
  bars/nightlife it really depends on what you guys are into . 
  i do n't know much about clubs because i 'm not really into them ( i 'm more a bars/concert person ) but there are plenty to choose from . 
  trainspotting . 
  i mean it has lou reed , underworld , new order , blondie , iggy pop . 
  it 's amazing . 
  spanish native here , it is actually written ajena , with `` j '' . 
  pena ajena . 
  i 'm for sure going home to mexico for a 3 weeks vacations and i will get marry there during those 3 weeks  yay !, 
  ( i currently live in germany btw . ), 
  i also have planned a trip to nice to watch a match for the eurocup ( spain vs turkey ) , we got the match and plane tickets already . 
  i 'm also planning to go to london and my annual trip to belgium for a rock festival !, 
  ( rock werchter ) . 
  we 're also trying to squeeze our honeymoon at some point . 
  still undecided where to . 
  i 'm not expecting anything really , i always travel without expectations as it is easier to adapt then . 
  i 'm just looking forward to have fun and to gather some new memories , 
  captain america : civil war and star wars rogue one , 
  it has a special place in my heart since i got engaged there  it is a beautiful , beautiful city . 
  wish you all the best for the next year . 
  i do a trasatlantic flight at least once a year ( back and forth ) . 
  i hope you booked with a good airline because entertainment during the flight can be a life saver !, 
  my last trip was with lufthansa and they had all the james bond movies + a complete season of parks & recreation so time passed by fast for me because of that .
