sometimes joy is in the little details . 
  had an awful day at work ... have pizza for dinner . 
  had a fight with so ... get pizza for dinner . 
  money problems ... pizza for dinner . 
  ok , i 'll correct myself , for me happiness is pizza . 
  it 's not like you lost your watch on purpose , so this is a great attitude to be honest  . 
  so , it just not worth beating yourself up for things like that . 
  also , see it as a good opportunity to get a better , prettier watch if you want to . 
  being punctual . 
  i really do n't like when people arrive late . 
  if i have to wait more than 15 mins i always feel like i 'm losing my time by just being there waiting . 
  it would be nice if people is polite enough to let you know they will be arriving late . 
  i 'm making an effort , why are n't you :(, 
  referring to themselves . 
  america is a whole continent , not just a country . 
  mexican here : our president enrique pe\u00f1a nieto . 
  yes , i know . 
  but south america is also continent . 
  and , there are more countries that are part of north america as well ( canada ? ) . 
  why just not using u.s.a as a short version ? 
  it really seems you 're neglecting a huge part of land ( and people ) when you use it to refer to your country . 
  i know it might be considered as a technicality but you will be surprised to know how many people from the other parts of the continent can find it offensive . 
  skype or any similar app/program . 
  i do n't live in my home country and being able to communicate with my loved ones for free in such an easy way is truly great . 
  thanks to that i can see how my baby niece is growing up , i can talk with my parents everyday without breaking my bank account and talk with my husband when he 's away on his business trips ( which is often and he normally is away for a couple of weeks ) . 
  i really like it because it makes me feel included in several life milestones of my family and friends . 
  i know it 's only sound and video , but it makes living abroad easier for me . 
  yes !, 
  this a million times . 
  i think that people are not always conscious about the struggles of others and are quick to assume things . 
  i thought exactly the same !, 
  more specific brazilian portuguese , it sounds like so much fun . 
  freaks and geeks . 
  it still hurts a bit that they cancelled it after that only and amazing season . 
  check out this article , i think you will enjoy it . 
  it says something similar to what you 're saying but also explains why people from other countries find it kind of annoying : http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/a_fine_whine/2013/08/america_the_continent_vs_america_the_country.html, 
  read the comments , just for the fun , 
  yes !, 
  i was looking for this clarification , can believe i had to scroll down this much . 
  this needs to be upvoted . 
  dye my hair in funky colors and experiment more with my look ( clothes , etc ) . 
  it 's not that is not possible when you 're an adult but somehow if you never did it while you were young it just gets harder later on , specially if you have an office job . 
  the weather and the city are amazing but i can imaging finding a job there and paying your bills is a bit difficult right now :(, 
  i moved to germany almost 4 years ago and it is a really nice country to live in . 
  the regions are completely different , though  . 
  i 'm located at the north of bavaria an even though there are some things i 'm still getting used to i can not complain . 
  good quality of life , honest people , great if you like outdoors activities . 
  that 's cool !, 
  my office also has a relaxed dress code but i somehow feel its passed my time . 
  i always wanted to have pink colored hair but being a brunette also makes it a pain in the ass . 
  i 'm sure you 'll look fierce with that ombre effect , 
  wearing high heels . 
  i know they are pretty , make your legs look good , some women like to wear them but gosh , i think they are the most impractical shoes ever . 
  you ca n't run properly or walk really fast if you need to , most of the time they hurt your feet and you get stuck in stone walkways . 
  for me they are not worth the hassle . 
  mexican : that we are lazy . 
  we actually are very hard-working people . 
  i will not argue the stereotype of mexicans not being punctual . 
  i 'm not but geeeezzz , my friends are the worst and are always late for most things !, 
  thanks !, 
  i said it because of the stereotype of slightly fat guy with mustache wearing a sombrero and a poncho sleeping it off under a cactus . 
  it does n't do a lot for us :(, 
  yes , it has happened to me several times . 
  if i feel i can not keep up with it , i just close it and go on to the next one . 
  i do n't want to torture myself trying to read a book that i 'm clearly not enjoying just to say `` i 've read it '' . 
  i 'll say keep trying with other books until you find something that grabs your attention . 
  maybe look for some easy reading ? 
  that might help . 
  some books are for some people , and some are not . 
  if i feel like , i pick it up again later on and sometimes after clearing my mind with other things or after reading an easy reading book , i 'm able to finish it . 
  mexican in germany . 
  how to say hi . 
  in germany saying hi starts with only a hand shake which may never evolve to anything else but if it does , it evolves to a very weird half-hug . 
  it 's not even a proper hug , is like `` i just pat your back while still not really want to hug you but i still somehow get close to you '' . 
  it makes me very uncomfortable , specially since we , latins , are use to greet with a kiss on the cheek . 
  so i 've been in many situations where out of habit i ended up giving a kiss on the other person 's cheek and they do n't and it is just embarrassing . 
  also christmas eve dinner . 
  i 'm used to a big fest on the night of the 24th . 
  it was very disappointing the first time i celebrated xmas eve here and i only got some bratwurst with potato salad . 
  they explained me that getting the xmas tree done and preparing the house for the family was stressful enough to prepare a big xmas eve meal . 
  maybe it 's only my political family but , still . 
  also , what about the obsession with white asparagus season ? 
  i get they are seasonal and they are tasty but they are included in almost every meal during that season . 
  i have many , many , many more examples but i think this will end up in a huge post . 
  almost 3 years here and i still get `` culture shock '' from time to time . 
  also , socks with sandals ? 
  edit : clarity, 
  yeah , i 'm ok with 2 kisses . 
  even with 3 , like the dutchies do . 
  it just confuses me how saying hi here in germany it 's just so ... 
  i do n't know meh . 
  btw i really like france . 
  i have a cousin living in paris so i go at least twice a year  . 
  i 'm getting used to it little by little . 
  i just do n't get why people get so excited about a vegetable . 
  it is not even colorful and interesting one , it 's rather a simple one . 
  but if the weather is fine why not using sandals without socks ? 
  it would make more sense , oder ? 
  or is there a specific reason for the socks ? 
  yeah , xmas is all about the sweet stuff , which i like , but i will not lie , i still miss the turkey and the intricate dishes .
