  also , i 'm not contradicting him . 
  he said people should pay more for top quality food , i agree . 
  that does n't mean that top-quality food is from high end restaurants and more than not you wo n't find it there . 
  i stand by it . 
  i think the top quality food should be brought to the spotlight so people can enjoy it and pay more for it , like he 's saying . 
  mexican food is not only tacos . 
  the sauces he 's mentioning come from very local and simple households , these are the ones that need to be brought up to the attention of people so we can pay more for it and hopefully in the restaurants these originally come from so your average hole in the wall can prosper . 
  and at the end it becomes popular enough so you and i can find it at some point in high-end restaurants . 
  i understand what 's he 's saying i 'm just telling you that top-quality food does n't equal to high-end restaurant . 
  edit : clarity, 
  i hear you . 
  i live in europe but i 'm mexican . 
  trying to cook my own country dishes is nearly impossible . 
  the ingredients just do n't exist , starting with the white corn we use that is the base of our whole cuisine . 
  chilies ? 
  forget it , you need to get the dried or cultivate your own . 
  there are a handful of restaurants over here that are ok , but it 's just not the same and they are extremely expensive :( . 
  i 'm not surprise that in australia is impossible to eat good mexican food :(, 
  yeah , this is pretty much how 's done . 
  i 'd add a bit of coriander to the sauce to give it a kick . 
  also just to clarify , the tortilla should not be completely fried . 
  you just need to dip both sides of the tortilla in the frying old for less than a minute , otherwise the tortilla will get very crispy and it will be difficult to fold it . 
  you can also garnish your dish with some onions , sour cream  . 
  enjoy !, 
  not bourdain , but i second what he says . 
  we take our tacos very seriously in mexico city and surrounding areas . 
  if you have time come for a week and do a taco tour . 
  ask the locals , everyone will recommend you the one they like the most and every single recommendation will be unique and delicious . 
  by trying everything that is out there in the city you will find the best taco for you , 
  can you tell me where in tokyo i would have good possibilities to catch a farfetch 'd ? 
  i 'm traveling to japan next weekend and i would really like to add it to my pok\u00e9dex . 
  awesome , thanks guys . 
  i 'll try my luck in harajuku then . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll go to the park even if the nest is gone to try my luck . 
  i would really love not to end up empty handed farfetch 'd - wise . 
  fushimi inari and the combo monkeys/bamboo with arashiyama takes quite a while to be honest specially if you hike up the fushimi inari until you reach the top . 
  if you just go there , see quickly and do n't get distracted can be achieved but you 'll be dead by the end of the day . 
  i would pick one between fushimi inari and arashiyama and the would combine it with the golden pavilion which does n't take long . 
  i personally liked way more fushimi inari than arashiyama but that 's up to you . 
  if you want to squeeze the three try to get as early as possible to the one that opens first and go from there . 
  use buses/public transport to be faster !, 
  good luck !, 
  hey , my husband and i are right now in japan for 2 weeks as well from germany . 
  about your question . 
  you can definitely , absolutely spend 2 weeks in tokyo without problems and take side-trips if you really want to spend some time in the nature . 
  places like kamakura are beautiful and only 1 hour away by train and there 's plenty more in the area . 
  tokyo has beautiful parks and is also a wild concrete jungle . 
  there are plenty of museums , concerts , events , everything that you want to do is there . 
  so i would n't worry about it . 
  now , traveling around is not that difficult to be honest . 
  if you organize yourself well since the beginning you can easily draft an itinerary and move from tokyo to kyoto/kansai area by shinkansen or even domestic flight . 
  get an jr pass or book a flight to kansai airport and move around . 
  it 's really ok and easy . 
  in our case we spend 3 days in kyoto , 5 in tokyo , 2 in hiroshima and 4 in osaka/nara and it has been pretty cool . 
  think about it but fear not . 
  it 's achievable and if you do n't feel like staying in tokyo is really great . 
  i think your itinerary sounds good and the thing is you 'll be in osaka/kyoto for 8 nights and move around the area is super easy if you get bored in the cities and want to take side trips to nara/kobe or himeji . 
  prepare yourself for good hikes when visiting the temples like fushimi inari . 
  those are time consuming or you could just go there , look around and keep going is really up to you . 
  i found hiroshima quite relaxed and with waaay less people so that can be considered a nice quiet down time if you do n't choose to properly hike to the little mount summit in miyajima . 
  i think mid october is a bit better than early october , weather is very nice . 
  still warm and sunny . 
  no autumn colors yet though , but is not humid nor cold , so that 's a bonus . 
  good luck !, 
  this is a great tip , thanks i 'll do !, 
  i 'll try with that too !, 
  i 've been using incense and lures but no luck :( . 
  i 'll keep trying . 
  thanks !, 
  i wo n't be going to disney unfortunately . 
  osaka and nara is all i have left for my trip . 
  i did catched a porygon in tokyo though , in shibuya . 
  yeah it does sound right . 
  i live in europe and in my medium size city there are a lot of mr. mimes going around . 
  i catched two just in front of my office , actually . 
  well , i 'll keep looking  thanks !, 
  i do n't have any recommendations for you regarding onsen , sorry :( . 
  my husband and i decided not to go at the end because of time constrains and also because we really did n't like the idea of been separated for this nice experience . 
  only way was to book a private one and they can be a bit expensive so we just decided not to . 
  if you have a not so big tattoo we were told you can get away with it by covering with a good band-aid or similar . 
  or book a private onsen . 
  for relaxing times just try to go away from the big cities and you 'll avoid the crowds . 
  it 's absolutely stunning . 
  adding :, 
  * no , we do n't wear sombreros all the time and no not all own one . 
  * we drink other things besides tequila . 
  * no , not all of us can dance salsa . 
  * no , it 's not always hot and sunny all the time . 
  winters in the north or in the mountains can actually be quite cold . 
  * no , it 's not all desert . 
  we have several biomes . 
  cold . 
  my hometown is on high ground so when it 's winter we wake up with -5 \u00b0 c to 5 \u00b0 c degrees . 
  the thing is with do n't have heating system in our houses , so it 's cold af . 
  in some parts of durango people wake up with -10 \u00b0 c or even less . 
  i mean it 's not -20 \u00b0 c siberia-like or something , but i guess it 's colder than i do n't know , florida . 
  yes , some do . 
  some others think our mother tongue is english . 
  you 'll be surprised on how little some people know about other countries .
