  also the crew makes a lot of difference , 
  anyway , for the most part :, 
  i agree with the ones that say to not drink much . 
  you 're mostly dehydrated during long flights and alcohol makes it worse . 
  if your plane leaves at night try with a glass of wine only and might help with sleeping if you would actually like to sleep during the flight . 
  do you have any pending work to do ? 
  school , from work , anything ? 
  bring it over and do it during the flight . 
  you will get busy and time will pass by quick . 
  bring a book , not too long . 
  for me i always try to read but do n't get more than 100 pages but it is still a good way to distract yourself for at least an hour . 
  try to stand up as much as you can , if you 're traveling economy class go wherever you see space ( doors , behind the plane ) and stretch a bit , it will keep you busy . 
  warm socks , yes !, 
  bring toiletries with you as well . 
  a good cream , some disposable wet napkins , toothbush , deodorant and stuff . 
  for me if i feel a bit cleaner i feel so much better and refreshed . 
  bring snacks , the ones you like . 
  if you do n't like plane food they are gon na be a life saver . 
  do you have a tablet ? 
  fill it with series and movies you want to see . 
  i often do this for movies i did n't have time to catch up in the cinema and if you watch two you just spend 3-4 hours entertained  . 
  if you have , noise cancelling earphones . 
  nothing against babies or people who snore , i get that it just how it is , but it can bring you a piece of mind if you like quiet spaces . 
  have a good flight and arrive safe to your destination , 
  mexico : food and tequila, 
  switzerland ? 
  is that you ? 
  i 'm 30 and this is what i can share :, 
  * be nice to others . 
  there 's no point in being a douchebag . 
  people have already many things to worry about and sometimes a helping hand or and honest smile can make someone 's day . 
  * do n't sweat it if you 're not the most popular right now . 
  keep being you and keep focusing on what you like . 
  life has mysterious ways and you will see that you are more free to follow your path than you think . 
  do n't pay much attention to what people say about you if it 's hurtful or you know is not truth . 
  people often talk without any knowledge or just for the sake of it . 
  focus on you . 
  have good friends ? 
  keep them . 
  even if they are only one or two . 
  good friends are going to be your rock many many times and is always good to share important moments with someone you really like . 
  learn another language , fluently . 
  if possible 3 or 4 . 
  this one is the one that has allowed me to live in different countries and travel more easily . 
  it also helps for making friends from other countries/cultures . 
  if you have a goal or a mission already , go for it and do n't listen to the haters . 
  if you work hard enough trust me , it will happen . 
  you will find ways to make it happen . 
  save money if you can . 
  i think that the financial aspects gets very difficult the more we grow up so having a plan at some point is wise . 
  invest if you can but try to avoid debt like it is the devil whenever possible . 
  i was lucky enough to have full scholarship in university and have been free of debt since years , it 's liberating . 
  feel like doing something but no one wants to join ? 
  do it anyways . 
  it 's scary at first but it will be an adventure and you might meet someone special , or maybe not , but at least will be a new experience / story to tell . 
  take care of your body . 
  excersise and eat well . 
  you will be happy to know that if you make this an habit you will be healthy and strong for many years . 
  travel as much as you can if you can afford it !, 
  if you ca n't , find ways to do it anyway . 
  meeting how other people live am different cultures is eye opening . 
  it will change the way you see the world . 
  read and be curious . 
  ask and read arguments and contra arguments . 
  make up your opinions and stand up for what you believe . 
  do n't be so harsh on yourself . 
  we all make mistakes and we screw up more than not . 
  but it will pass and it will be a lesson learnt . 
  if you plan to go to university choose something that you really want to study !, 
  do n't follow what others think is better for you . 
  maybe you do n't get a mega salary with your job but at least you wo n't be miserable by doing something you hate . 
  have fun and enjoy life !, 
  to be honest it never stops being confusing but i think that 's also the beauty of it . 
  otherwise it will be very predictable and boring . 
  mexico : the three nephews are hugo , paco and luis , the uncle is called rico mcpato, 
  learn as many german words with their articles and declinations . 
  i would love to master the language and that 's the base . 
  german articles are hard :(, 
  my husband . 
  today is our first wedding anniversary and it has been a wonderful year . 
  he 's the best !, 
  oasis, 
  flea , anthony kiedis , will ferrell , and the new guy . 
  dying my hair in funky colors like pink or green or blue . 
  i 'm a brunette so you must bleach your hair for it to work . 
  parents where not so thrilled about it . 
  now i could , but i do n't have the time to maintain it :(, 
  fit is very important . 
  think about quality over quantity . 
  take care of your clothes . 
  this is amazing , thanks for sharing . 
  and your english is quite good !!, 
  my friends . 
  also , i really liked my career and my teachers were awesome . 
  as a mexican who 's in love of her country and its food , i thank you for this last paragraph , mr. bourdain . 
  i do n't think top quality food equals high end restaurant , at least not in mexico . 
  the best food you will ever find is that made in simple restaurants or in some stalls at the local market where the grandmas and their daughters cook together and the recipes have been done and perfected generation after generation . 
  that 's top quality food . 
  of course you can also find more edgy stuff in high-end mexican restaurants , like pujol in mexico city , it 's a great michelin star place that has given a little twist to classic mexican cuisine but it will never ever beat the mole sauces made by our abuelas . 
  well , i 'm mexican , so i believe i understand the cuisine of my country fairly well , maybe better than him , yes .
