  but , if you literaly say ; the low countries , then you mean the benelux , belgium , the netherlands , and luxembourg . 
  if you 're heading to lowlands , then that 's a festival . 
  pretty awesome too . 
  i thought you where my friend man :(, 
  fine , then i 'll call you guy ( s ) habsburg holland from now on . 
  but you refuse to admit that you are dutch ? 
  you insist you are flemish , not dutch . 
  http://i.imgur.com/xpv6kfy.png this never gets old , does it ? 
  ditch the walen , then you can be a country . 
  but we do n't do that . 
  the ccp grey video you watched is correct on the issue , but we understand that holland , the netherlands , and the low countries ( les pays-bas ) all mean kinda the same thing to foreigners . 
  bearly . 
  but the important question is ; did it work ? 
  1800 kcal , people . 
  only a rotterdammer could come up with something like this . 
  jeroom is baas . 
  ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpf1/t31.0-8/415632_10150524207322092_1636345082_o.jpg ), 
  meh , i kinda disagree . 
  i find i could get around with decent german , french , and english in europe , but it 's always more fun to try the native language . 
   i 'm not sure how you 've come to the conclusion that because it 's the same road , it should be in the same state across borders . 
  equal use does not equal identical repair schedules . 
  no , i said that `` unequal use explains the heavy tear on the belgian side '' only makes sense if cars and trucks dropped out of the sky . 
  which might seem like a possibility to a belgian  . 
  this particular road must be as heavily used on the belgian side as on the dutch side . 
  the `` not repaired at the same time '' is totally valid as an argument . 
  the budget is somewhat valid , because the `` we do n't have vignets '' is invalid , the netherlands does n't have vignets either , and we can budget it but you ca n't ? 
  the lack of budget from unequal use of roads arguments amounts for the total use of roads in belgium , not the use of this particular road . 
  try speaking it anyways , even if you do n't know the language . 
  you might learn it , you might like it !, 
  and i mean , this is literally the same road . 
  how can you argue that the same road in belgium is used more heavily , and that there is no money for it ? 
  as far as i know , you do n't need vignets in the netherlands either . 
  hah , `` freedom '' . 
  if you were n't part of belgium , we 'd annex you . 
  why not annex belgium ? 
  hollanders ? 
  i do n't really get it . 
  if it where pretty much the same states pre and post ww2 , then why would the soviet union have invaded poland ? 
  liberation is invasion . 
  but is n't that the post-ww2 situation ? 
  liberation is not invasion . 
  but they where in ww2 right ? 
  why use the soviet flag for soviet russia but the current , german flag for nazi germany ? 
  the unification is coming !, 
  this is just dress up for when our national football team plays or kingsday/queensday ( koningsdag/koninginnedag ) . 
  well , to be fair , so is cyprus . 
  got it . 
  not illigal , just not done . 
  thanks !, 
  and wow , that 's quitte a piece of sea they 're claiming . 
   why does n't the greek airforce just do what everybody else in the world does ? 
  well , to be fair , it seems europe does n't really do that when it comes to russian militairy airplanes . 
  goverments seem to be very hesistent on shooting down airplanes , unless they think there 's a chance it 's terrorism . 
  image does n't load . 
  do you have a mirror ? 
  god created the earth , but the dutch created the netherlands . 
  alle zee is de jure nederlands grondgebied . 
  ah , yes , saba , is n't it ? 
  either we annexed the north sea , or we 're gone by then . 
  limburg is * barely * part of the netherlands . 
   higher areas what are these `` higher areas '' you speak of ? 
  it 's only a matter of time for us . 
  there 's nothing left to polder . 
  dutch flag is bright vermillion ( #ae 1c28 ) , french flag is red 032 ( #ef 4135 ) . 
  dutch flag and french flag both use white ( #ffffff ) dutch flag is cobalt blue ( # 21468b ) , french flag is reflex blue ( # 0055a4 ), 
  is it unthinkable that we need to resort to extremist measures to counter this fear mongering ? 
  yes . 
  you just keep on trying till you run out of cake . 
  that was a joke . 
  well , dutch is pretty closely related , so that 's not too weird . 
  but it sounds more like frisian to me , especially because there are some things that do n't really occur in dutch ( the y , for example , is pretty rare in dutch . 
  you 'll mostly see the ij ( which counts as one letter when used in the beginning of a word , so ijsland , not ijsland ) or sometimes ei ( which are two letters ) ) . 
  `` ah , but sherlock , then you must have been a manager . '', 
  `` the man did exactly as you asked of him , but now you 're blaming him for your problems . '', 
  [ this mosque in utrecht was sponsored by khadhafi ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/omar-al-faroukmoskee] ), 
  the media told us you 're inhumane . 
  i do n't know any actual person who thinks that . 
  [ seems so . 
  average price seems to be around $ 500 , but europe is far above the average price ] ( http://www.havocscope.com/black-market-prices/ak-47/ ) . 
  strangely , it seems you can get an illegal one in the states for around $ 400 . 
  and overthrew the iranian government to install a dictator , and supports the arabian monarchy ... really , the us is n't as pro-democracy as they are pro-realpolitik . 
  yeah , okay , i think we 're just talking past each other . 
  i think calling it assisted suicide migrates the issue too much towards the * zelfmoord * part , but maybe you 're correct about euthanasia too . 
  and endless suffering is cruel , and should be approached as such . 
  suicide in dutch means to murder ones self , which is the exact language we 're talking about . 
  it always implies mental health problems and/or depression . 
  euthanasia means a conscious decision that one 's life is completed , done , nothing to gain anymore . 
  and it 's not fair to call it sugarcoating . 
  you 're doing the exact same thing in my opinion . 
  do n't overexaggerate because it sounds scary to you . 
  ah thanks . 
  well , i think the term assisted suicide is somewhat exaggerated . 
  suicde implies mental health problems or depression , but that 's almost never the case with medical assisted suicide . 
  uhhh yes , but that article basically says euthanasia is legal if done by a licenced physician and under very strict rules . 
  so i do n't really get your point . 
  or do you mean the difference between assisted suicide and euthanasia ? 
  but at least we use `` euthanasia '' and not `` assisted suicide '' . 
  the second has a much more loaded meaning , the first is exactly that : a mercifully granted death to end suffering . 
   they 're not poor ( higher gdp per capita than france or germany ) not if you include the purchasing power parity , tough still 31st highest in the world ( france is 28 , germany is 20 ) . 
  you ca n't put your finger in a dyke , so that 's a pretty big giveaway that the author never even saw a dyke .
