  it 's not the size of your navy . 
  it 's your ability to raid the medway . 
  `` our communism went so far left , that we accidently ended up on the extreme right '', 
  the only situation where this would work in eu4 is if you 're playing a horde . 
  isis probably did n't realise they are too far behind in technology to still have a pip-advantage . 
  `` i got all my strategic experience from risk . '', 
  about half of the countries in europe are successor states to states that consider themselves continuations , successors , or on par with the roman empire . 
  strange part ? 
  they do n't want to re-conquer al-andalus , but buddhist-since-forever tibet is totally within their territorial goals . 
  soo ... about your username then ... 
  we lack naamdagen but we have 52 maandagen a year ? 
  can we reverse this ? 
   i 'm sure most normal jews reading about this will just be facepalming going `` why did he have to be jewish '' same as any time there is a shooting in the us black people will think `` please do n't be black , please do n't be black '' `` please do n't be a banker , please do n't be a banker '' * facepalm * `` why did it have to be a banker '' . 
  way to reinforce the negative stereotype about bankers , guys . 
  apartheid . 
  and use soft a 's . 
  yeah , hours of practice on how to pronounce water for naught . 
  hiding behind his shield , `` its a free empire , bruh !, 
  what you gunna do , call the crusade police !? '', 
  ah yes , the famous internet troll [ robert ii , count of flanders . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/robert2flandry.jpg ), 
   do n't break the site or do anything that interferes with normal use of the site . 
  i guess crusading counts . 
  what 's your religion ? 
  got ta keep those genius-strong-attractive genes in the family . 
  in my opinion it kinda makes sense . 
  en-us is kinda the default ... 
  crusader kings 2 . 
  and age !, 
  having a child at age 40 or older carries about the same risk as having a child with a cousin . 
  i kinda noticed the same trend in the netherlands . 
  we had to pick between en-uk or en-us , and you were n't allowed to mix them up ( writing colour , but using the us pronunciation of water , for example , was forbidden ) . 
  the default was en-us , i chose en-uk because i went for my cambridge certificate . 
  i 'm hugely against a literal democracy . 
  i do n't know anything about roads , rivers , the economy , or foreign policy , so why should i have a say in all that ? 
  let me have a say in things that * matter * to me . 
  i associate a bad democracy with eternal bureaucracy and corruption . 
  at least a bad dictator is relatively easy to replace . 
  the wording is kind of ambiguous . 
  almost everyone would support a good dictatorship , and nearly nobody would support a bad democracy , because the definition of a good dictatorship or a bad democracy differs from person to person . 
  i 'd actually be opposed to people who do n't support a good dictatorship , because that means you 're looking at the word dictatorship and immediately , without forming a coherent opinion , assume it must be bad , because it has a negative connotation . 
  no , i ment that the us generally supports international treaties on issues such as human rights , but rarely signs them . 
  look at some international treaties about morals in warfare , or human rights , and you 'll see that the us rarely signs anything . 
  examples include treaties such as the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women , the kyoto protocol , and the ottawa treaty . 
  not the same as breaking them , though , so my point is kinda moot . 
  first thing that springs to mind is the us . 
  well , yeah . 
  the english , americans , and poles helped during and up to operation market garden , but after the second phase of the liberation of the netherlands , it was pretty much the canadians only . 
  ah , yes , of course . 
  do we need to gloriously revolutionize you again ? 
  actual liberation was mostly canadians , in the dutch case . 
  in the netherlands ? 
  and joking about the belgians is our national sport , so that kinda evens out . 
   that can be said for most capitals . 
  yep . 
   also , amsterdam is n't one big tourist trap . 
  avoid the area around dam square , the wallen and a few other small spots and you 'll have a great time . 
  i agree , but that 's not what tourists are going to see when they visit amsterdam . 
  the centre of amsterdam does n't feel authentic or exciting , it 's almost like a tour . 
  you 'll need to know someone in amsterdam or live there to know what the city is really about , and in my opinion , that 's less in other cities . 
  the centre of utrecht feels a lot more authentic , like you can discover the cool spots yourself . 
  i 'd say utrecht ( though i 'm biased for utrecht ) , but any city has it 's appeals . 
  people from den haag ( the hague ) , rotterdam , or amsterdam tend te be a different sort of culture ( but of course , any city will have that ) . 
  just know that amsterdam is to the netherlands as new york is to america : you get an entirely different experience . 
  but if you go to leeuwarden , you see frisian flags everywhere . 
  utrecht has utrechtse flags everywhere . 
  rotterdam has the rotterdam flag everywhere . 
  amsterdam has the amsterdam flag everywhere . 
  people are proud , it 's just that people are proud of different things in different places . 
  and do n't get me started on the us . 
  americans fucking love their flag . 
  because amsterdam is one big tourist trap . 
  i actually do n't consider the city center a good representation of the netherlands . 
  english tap water ( manchester ) tastes like chlorine . 
  severely disliked it . 
  still drinkable though . 
  spanish tapwater ( in barcelona ) was full-on undrinkable , like , you could get sick . 
  i like berliners . 
  but i 'm a fan of jam , so ... 
  that 's only when it works against the fifa . 
  they still claim achievements like uniting africa behind football , bringing football money to the poorest pasts of the world , and organising a friendly match between israel and palestine . 
  fifa 's not wrong , fifa 's just spinning things the way it 's in their advantage . 
  i 'd seriously laugh if it was n't so sad ... 
  it 's `` 7 marijuanas '' - level shit . 
  you can not buy softdrugs near the borders as a tourist or incidental user ( need to register ) , coffeeshops within 500 metres of schools have to close ( even if they have been there for a long while , and do n't forget you ca n't even enter if you are n't an adult ) , can no longer test mdma or xtc , smartshops are closed ... 
   he is not anti-immigrants . 
  he is anti-islam . 
  his wife is from hungry . 
  do n't forget that our king , queen and their children are considered allochtone according to the dutch definition . 
  it 's ... arguable . 
  he 's not fully opposed to european immigration , but he 's absolutely not in favor for immigration , so i 'd say he 's anti-immigration . 
  he still wants the netherlands to leave the eu \u00e1nd schengen agreement . 
   do n't forget that our king , queen and their children are considered allochtone according to the dutch definition . 
  true . 
  and beatrix too , and juliana , and wilhelmina ... 
  ancient islam ? 
  [ maybe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ibn_al-rawandi ) , but not sure . 
  it 's like he constantly warns you to watch out for wolves . 
  sure , i do n't want to meet a radical islamist or wolf , but in my day-to-day activities , your daily warnings are grossly exaggerated . 
  it 's also the only way he remains relevant , because it 's the only issue his party cares about ( and his party is basically him ; he has been accused of rooting out anyone who does n't listen to him ) , he does n't hold strong opinions on anything else .
