  that never counts as gay * , so there 's your loophole . 
  * ^ ( as long as you 're the penetrator ), 
  well , it makes sense that barbarians will need to depend on a state of `` humans can live here easily '' . 
  meanwhile , we civilized people look at the sea , and when everyone agreed that no man could live there ... we conquered it . 
  spare us your pity , belgian scum . 
  you gush about your leadership of the eu , yourselves as the great uniter , but what has it brought you ? 
  where are your marvels of engineering ? 
  your voyages of discovery ? 
  your great insight into the nature of the universe ? 
  even at our basest , when we dressed as you do , dwelt as you do , hunted as you do , lived as you do , we did more than merely survive . 
  we built wonders . 
  we made great journeys . 
  we forged epics . 
  you have not . 
  you speak so proudly of your chocolate , beer and fries , little realizing that they are but smoke and mirrors , and you puppets . 
  what little you have accomplished you attribute to the wisdom of your gods , such as pater damiaan , jacques brel , paul janssen , and boudewijn of belgium , who are nothing but the voices of your dead echoing for all eternity . 
  they moors you to the past , serving as a leash that keeps you as little better than apes , sad parodies of civilization that lack that special spark to become something more . 
  we have come to your world in search of resources . 
  whether your actions drive us back or we take what we want and move on , the outcome is the same . 
  we will depart from your wretched lands , leaving you behind . 
  and in a thousand years , you will not have changed from this contact with a civilized country . 
  you will remain in your trees , hunting your prey , eating fries and drinking beer until you germany invades and your belgian ideal dies . 
  and across your horizons , the oceans will belong to us ... 
  then he probably understands that belgium is n't the most * handy * place to live as a african . 
  okay , you forgot something we do all do ; we dream of 1815 . 
  you forgot about a few things , like eating snacks out of a wall , horribly failing to speak english by mixing it with dutch but priding yourself on your english , sitting around in circles on birthdays , and the daily sacrifice of a belgian barbarian to the blood gods . 
  this is all true . 
  britain has traditionally been `` in our vaarwater '' . 
  germany has been close ( and still is !, 
  we where both founding members the eec , eu , tons of stuff ) since , well , forever . 
  except during the second world war , but even then , we tried to stay neutral , not join the allies ( until our government was exiled ) . 
  [ wee wee jebusgobson confirmed for anti-american circlejerk and dutch hatred ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxf8mig_hqi ), 
  i must warn the mods that belgians are the barbarians of europe , not the proper representation of europeans , and the perfect mixture of germans , dutchies , and frenchies they make out to be . 
  oh yeah just yell `` fallacy fallacy '' if you ca n't argue shit . 
  you think technology would 've stalled if not for capitalism ? 
  you 're so brainwashed/stupid that i wonder if you can even argue a fish into a fishbowl, 
  because i believe that the improvement of quality of life was inevitable ; i would 've enjoyed relative wealth and quality of life under fascism , under communism , probably not under feudalism , but i do n't believe ideology is inherently linked to technical improvement . 
  why even place kazachstan on there ? 
  also , it misses the `` fuckwits '' from the original image . 
  yep . 
  even more interesting , [ christian ix of denmark ] ( http://politiken.dk/kultur/ece1038865/hemmeligt-arkiv-kongen-tilboed-danmark-til-tyskerne-efter-1864/ ) offered to join the confederation , but bismarck declined , suggesting that he preferred a prussian dominated germany over a large-but-instable germany . 
  but the right is for english folks . 
  the dutch people wouldnt need a translation book ... 
  because `` an '' sounds nothing like `` een '' but `` uhn '' sounds like '' ` n '' , an acceptable substitude for `` een '' ? 
  it 's ... an easy casus belli to get , and it allows you to cripple a nation for 75 % of the cost , twice the prestige , with superiority wargoal , but not allowing conquest of provinces . 
  however , there are a lot of better casus bellis . 
  so no , i think people only use in on accident . 
  * ireland has gained the diplomatic insult against saudi-arabia *, 
  ah yes sorry, 
  amsterdam is very much in utc +1 . 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/936/599/c68.png ), 
  the flair is wrong as well . 
  [ flag of the netherlands ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/20/flag_of_the_netherlands.svg ) is bright vermillion by white by cobalt blue , or #ae 1c28 by #ffffff by # 21468b . 
  reddit flag is #f 44f4e by #ffffff by # 326eb1 . 
  difference is ( 46 , 33 , 26 ) by ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) by ( 11 , 28 , 26 ) , meaning that both the red and the blue on the flair are way too light . 
  the steam flag is #fc 0204 by #ffffff by # 040285 , with a difference of ( 4e , -1 e , -24 ) by ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) by ( -1 d , -44 , 06 ) . 
  meaning that the red on the steam flag is way too bright , and the green and blue are n't bright enough ( making that strictly red flag instead of the bright vermilion the flag actually is ) . 
  the red and the green are not pronounced enough on the blue part of the flag , meaning you get a blue color instead of the cobalt blue the dutch flag is . 
  in conclusion , you 're correct , but your dutch reddit flag is wrong as well . 
  how so ? 
  look at the french flag . 
  we 're supposed to have a tad darker blue than the french . 
  so it seems about right to me . 
  [ edited for accuracy ] ( https://i.imgur.com/m1kh9rb.png ), 
   please tell me you realize that fighters are n't anywhere near the same thing as an a380 . 
  of course . 
  but neither can reasonably be deployed on extremely short term from anything but local airbases . 
  there is a very short window of a few weeks where aircraft carriers are useful as floating airbases . 
  they 're not useless , but of limited use against a high investment that only few countries can/are willing to afford . 
  in other words : they help you kickstart the war , but quickly become irrelevant and you dont need more then a few . 
  why would a nation like mine need an aircraft carrier ? 
   now please tell me how you make an airbase in the middle of a war zone . 
  like , you know , making 2-3 runways which ca n't be destroyed by non-specific bombs while moving back and forth as the line of control shifts . 
  if you ca n't establish local bases , you 've pretty much lost the war . 
   which is why you have fleets stationed in different parts of the world . 
  stationing aircraft carriers across the world only works the us , and only because of the nato . 
  even china cant station their fleet all over the world . 
  how do you think its even remotely feasonable to station aircraft carriers across the world for a tiny nation like the netherlands ? 
  we have a fleet stationed across the world , but aircraft carriers are so expansive and have such limited use that you 've got ta agree that its only remotely feasonable for the us , and even then a huge investment with questionable roi . 
  aircraft carriers are too slow to matter on extremely short notice , and become irrelevant after a few weeks once local airbases have been established . 
  only between a few days to weeks ( depending on position from the action ) and a few months do they have any relevance besides appearing powerful . 
  you can already control airspace basically all over the world . 
  the range of aircraft is enormous nowadays , and you have allies all over the world . 
  the only advantage is that you can also station them nearby , but it takes a couple of weeks before an aircraft carrier is in position , and after a few months into a war they become irrelevant once local airbases have been established . 
  aircraft carriers are the indicator of strength ? 
  the cold war is over man , aircraft carriers are extremely situational , yet slow , vulnerable , and extremely expansive . 
  only a few great powers have a need for them , notably the us and china as a sign of big dick for people who think building a lot of the most expansive unit ingame is a good game strategy in strategy games . 
  every single country with aircraft carriers has had discussions on wether or not they have any use at all . 
  okay , sorry , thanks . 
  then maybe it 's the after-lunch reddit break ? 
  work times have n't really ended either , right ? 
  out drinks us . 
  that 's a difference . 
  i 'd say that you 're visiting the wrong places . 
  but i see where you 're coming from . 
  hahaha , no , i ment it in more of an comic book simpsons way , but it sounds cringe when i say it like that and i should 've known that something like that translated poorly over the internet . 
  yeah that 's a very poor exaggeration . 
  we 'd be off a lot worse under the russians or chinese as current superpower , and comparisons with the past superpowers is not even a question . 
  i 'm catching flack for that comment , and it 's not undeserved , it was poorly thought through . 
  it 's clear the americans are waking up , because i 'm suddenly getting a lot of flak for that .
