i 've known this since i was 15 years old . 
  that was 6 years ago . 
  i 've told this to most people i know , yet this fact seems to always escape their heads . 
  i bring the saudi family up whenever someone around me talks about terrorism , yet nobody seems to even take me seriously . 
  it 's sad . 
  in a world where money is the metric by which human value is measured , the wealthy are never at fault . 
  `` if the people want lemons and you wo n't sell them , someone else will . '', 
  is n't indecision and do-nothingness the defining trait of merkel 's policy ? 
  to me that somehow seems to make her get re-elected all the time . 
  not so sure about that , i 'm pretty sure if you attach a microphone close to the tailfin of a supersonic jet the recording will be anything but quiet . 
  nope , although i used to . 
  the effects of 3 years of pretty regular lifting are still noticeable , though . 
  but not by much . 
  weight is measured in newtons and the the formula is f = mg , where m is the mass and g is the surface acceleration value . 
  people confuse this because what bathroom scales actually do is they predict how much mass the object being measured has based on the weight they exert on the scale . 
  if your mass is 100kg then your weight is 981 n. 
  especially insane considering that psilocybin is attributed to cause _ neurogenesis _ in humans and it 's a very potent antidepressant . 
  i recall reading quite a bit of microdosing experiments regarding shrooms and confirming that the indeed had a nootropic as well as mood balancing effect . 
  but let 's just rather pop some ssri 's , the side effects of which are still not clearly understood , or even their efficacy in the treatment of depression , yay for pharmaceutical companies !, 
  weed remains a stigma among the general populations yet it 's widely accepted among young people , to the point that it could be considered normal . 
  this is anecdotal , but it is backed up by research . 
  i always thought that our insane control laws over alcohol probably contributed to the issue . 
  when something is tightly controlled , you get the impression that it 's very highly desirable , i mean why else would you want to control it in such way ? 
  even though our police officers have the right ( and they will if given the chance ) to search your apartment on the grounds of `` reasonable doubt '' our drug control remains laughable : darknet trading distributes a lot of drugs ( not just cannabis ) to the populace , our doctors overprescribe strong opiates and opioids , and billions and billions of psilocybe semilanceata mushrooms freely grow in the finnish nature . 
  picking these mushrooms is illegal yet they 're not even tested for , they 're reasonably easy to identify in the nature ( given a bit of research ) , and they do n't smell , and canines are not trained to detect these , not even mentioning the completely non-existent risk of getting caught picking these , since they grow right there where there is no people . 
  if anyone from finland wishes to engage in some civil disobedience , i might say that it 's the prime time for some `` mushroom picking '' . 
  you 'd be surprised at the statistical probability that finland is quickly becoming the `` weed mecca '' of europe . 
  the rate of cannabis use used to be much much lower than elsewhere in europe for a long period of time , yet we 've already exceeded the european average in recent years . 
  sadly , our narcophobic government and legislation does n't reflect this change at all . 
  probably wo n't in the future either . 
  cannabis remains something even people with ms will have difficulty getting access to . 
  yep . 
  if you 're the average joe and do n't go to the gym 3 times per week and have done so for years , bmi will be very highly accurate . 
  also , anomalies in bone density / mass ( to the heavier ) are very rare . 
  dunno , i recall reading from a multitude of sources that europe was the # 1 by population density . 
  that was a long time ago , though . 
  i have no idea how population metrics are calculated so i do n't know what is the truth and what is not but my point still remains , eu is extremely densely populated and is currently suffering an economic crisis as well . 
  you 're right , i had outdated info . 
  asia has definitely taken the 1st place in this decade . 
  editing -- , 
  i am 188cm tall and used to have a mass of 106-108 kilograms . 
  my mass is now 84-86 kilograms and i can tell you i do n't even feel like i am slim , yet i am compared to the average . 
  if i sit down i can still grab my belly and i still have some leftover moobs ( probably they 're just skin that will tighten up eventually ) but the thing is , i still have fat . 
  i have a bmi of 24.33 and i still have noticeable fat . 
  once i lost weight i noticed it immediately . 
  i did n't really even exercise at all yet everything that demanded physical effort became really easy and effortless . 
  i felt better mentally , too . 
  and i became alarmingly aware of how fat people are today , not just adults , but even people of my age , people in their early 20s . 
  like shit , at early 20s you should be as healthy as you ever will be and not a fat slob . 
   there are 500 million in the eu . 
  why is 1 million such a huge deal ? 
  because europe is already the 2nd most densely populated region on earth ? 
  because this migrant crisis feeds the fires of the extreme right , possibly leading to a bi-polar europe where everyone identifies as either extreme right or extreme left ? 
  because all civil wars begin from similar extremely polarized political atmospheres ? 
  e : outdated information, 
  this is the real reason this `` migrant crisis '' is so fucking scary . 
  it shows that you ca n't really trust the media , any media . 
  any news you see regarding it you could just as well think is either right-wing propaganda or left-wing propaganda . 
  no news regarding the migrant crisis seem to have a neutral tone . 
  it feels like there 's this gigantic right vs left standoff in europe and that there 's not even the slightest shred of hope to find any neutral information regarding it unless you scour through places like eurostat . 
  what on earth is happening to europe , seriously . 
  immigration itself probably wo n't make anyone leave the eu , but couple that with the host of other problems eu brings to countries that are not economic powerhouses and it can certainly contribute to that decision , if some countries seriously start thinking about it . 
  just wait until another conflict in the middle east pops up and his prediction of millions is suddenly correct . 
  we need to address what causes these conflicts and immigrant surges in the first place : western involvement in the middle east . 
  we need to stop funding crazy ass regimes like the saud family and stop interfering because clearly it only causes problems , for the people of the middle east and for us . 
  `` you mean this guy who practically robbed me dry of my life savings to ship me to europe in a rackety inflatable boat was n't telling me the truth about european countries ? 
  i do n't buy it ! '', 
  i would say that the more rational , more educated voters of true finns are certainly losing their faith . 
  i 'd also say that the less educated and more ignorant voters do n't even care . 
  this is however , just my thought , and not a researched fact , regardless of how accurate it may or may not be . 
  generally , you could say that the more intelligent true finn voters are thinking `` god , did i really vote for these morons '' and the less intelligent , less educated voters would think `` hey , they said they are being hounded and chased after , this proves it !, 
  no other party is getting in the headlines like the one i voted for ! '', 
  horse meat is n't really at all that uncommon , you just need to know where to find it . 
  i agree , horse meat is very tasty and also very lean , no fat at all . 
  our populist party is getting it 's reputation absolutely tattered by their unmannered , low iq members who cause headlines on a regular basis . 
  taking ps into the government was a smart move . 
  they pretty much `` darwin-award '' themselves out of popularity , simply by displaying their true nature . 
   statistics which lack a citation ,  arbitrary claims about a nation 's political atmosphere prior to massive revolts ,  arbitrary statements about a nation 's current situation as for the refugees , maybe think about the geological factor ? 
  syria is next door to iraq , us and uk are a bit more far away all in all , your post rates at a 9 on a scale of 1-10 on my own arbitrary scale of unreliability . 
   grocery businesses have microscopic profit margins that 's not true at all in finland . 
  lidl tried to break up the long standing cartel here but what happened ? 
  they ended up joining 'em , prices have been rising steadily and are approaching cartel levels slowly . 
  my dad had a robotic surgery for prostate cancer . 
  the scars that were left were absolutely tiny and overall the procedure was much cleaner and more efficient than one performed by human doctors . 
  i for one intend to welcome our upcoming nano-machine-overlords when they surface . 
  i think you meant `` the west has been bombing the middle east for 2 decades now and has been influential in toppling governments for several more decades '', 
  why would it be worse ? 
  it would force everyone to stay on track on what 's going on in the world . 
  it would force people to understand at least the basics of economics and statistics . 
  it would force people to spend less time watching garbage on the tv and more time reading and acquiring information . 
  to me that sounds like a pretty good society . 
  ok . edit : anyone with any critical thinking capacity should be able to read this http://rhetorica.net/textbook/greek.htm or search for the origins of ancient greek rhetorics pretty much anywhere on the internet and conclude that the one spewing bullshit is _ you _ . 
  i assert that democracy has been dead for a long , long time . 
  we killed it when we started to pursue this insane form of representative democracy using representatives of the public and parties . 
  because we do not need to understand the mechanics of speech and rhetorics like ancient athenians , our critical thinking abilities are much worse than what they used to be in ancient times . 
  because athenian democracy was one without representatives and parties , it was crucial to not only know how to influence others - but also resist the influence of others by critically analyzing their speeches . 
  we do n't have this anymore . 
  also , political parties are very inflexible moulds - the stance of a political party is always one , despite the fact that many people do not fully agree with all of the terms . 
  i am in favor of an eventual socialist economic model , one where money is eventually phased out because evolving technologies make energy and production so cheap that eventually currency just wo n't make sense . 
  however , i am not very progressive when it comes to social matters .
