  who enabled and encouraged the instability of iraq ? 
  believe me , i 'm no apologist for isis . 
  i abhor torture and abuse , whoever is doing it . 
  but i feel my own nation 's abuses are a more pressing matter to me personally , and i abhor my own government 's apologism both for saudi arabia 's encouragement of wahhabism , and for america 's and the uk 's abuses in the middle east . 
  i believe ** anti-torture ** is the only moral stance . 
  i do n't give a shit which flag that torture happens under . 
  not at all !, 
  i 'm british , and my own nation has been doing this shit for longer than the americans . 
  so much so that i 'm on the side of craig murray in wanting to smash the institution of the united kingdom . 
  it 's why i 'll * never * vote tory . 
  even knowing all the shit thatcher did in uzbekistan , david cameron held secret meetings with saudi arabia to get them to head the un 's human rights council . 
  fuck that shit . 
  because a lot of the prisoners that were abused in abu ghraib found themselves sent to camp bucca . 
  there is no history of violence from the current leader of isis until he was interred in camp bucca . 
  one of the first acts of this group was to take over abu ghraib and set the prisoners free . 
  and america 's history of torture does n't begin and end at abu ghraib , by the way . 
  there 's guantanamo too . 
  these are n't isolated incidents either . 
  do you know about khalid al-masri ? 
  tortured and raped by the cia . 
  just one among 3000 kidnapped by the cia since 2001 . 
  this ai n't kool-aid , this is all up on wikipedia , with references and everything ... isis is direct retaliation for the abuse at abu ghraib and the other shit , like american soldiers killing kids from helicopters for sport . 
  amnesty , the red cross , and human rights watch have all debunked that `` isolated incident '' bullshit , and have shown that it 's just what americans tend to do in their foreign detention centres . 
  if you think america is not a torture nation consistently abusing human rights , * you 're * the one who 's drinking kool-aid . 
  america * trained * other nations in torture techniques . 
  if you think that sort of shit does n't cause shit like isis you 're deluded . 
  it 's not unusual for a religion or culture to dream of having their own place to aspire to . 
  it 's what drives zionism after all . 
  islam has * had * caliphates . 
  the anglo-saxon king offa of mercia traded with the abbasid caliphate . 
  but modern islam has no place for an islamic caliphate . 
  there are too many sects now , too many different cultures , and secularism has had too great an influence on the modern middle east . 
  the only real nations that are any way like isis are places like saudi arabia . 
  and they 're head of the un human rights council ... 
  the middle east is experiencing a war between wahhabist extremists and authoritarian secularists . 
  this debate has gone on for hundreds of years , but it 's only since the 70s that wahhabism has bee influential in the middle east - partly due to the soviet/usa wars for oil in the region . 
  in fact , america supported wahhabist jihadists in afghanistan over the secular communists . 
  usa gave them money and guns , and they took them and formed al-qaeda . 
  the current us policy of supporting the extremists against the secularists is creating more extremism . 
  how could it not ? 
  assad may be evil , but he 's * not * an islamist , and neither is he a supporter of isis . 
  under the ba'athist manifesto women are equal , and all religions are protected under law , kind of like afghanistan under the soviets . 
  saddam , for example , had special orders to punish those who oppressed christians , had many women in government positions , and had even restored an ancient christian church . 
  ( which isis have just destroyed ) modern islam - all across the middle east - is more of an ongoing debate than a set of static ideologies . 
  unfortunately , the usa has suppressed this debate by spreading murder , torture , and abuse everywhere they go , and the wahhabists gain more power every time america drops a bomb ... 
  isis was born in camp bucca , as retaliation for the americans torturing , raping , and murdering prisoners in abu ghraib . 
  militaries work best when people * want * to be there . 
  also , what exactly * is * productive about us being there ? 
  we bomb isis , assad takes over . 
  we bomb syria , isis takes over . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  how is that productive for * our * society ? 
  we have a housing shortage here . 
  give them pay and training for house building ... 
  sean connery has an edinburgh accent . 
   `` why are we taking all the fight-aged 20 year old males in while sending our 20 year old males out to fight for them ? '', 
  this is the thing . 
  exactly who are we fighting with/against ? 
  why * are * we sending people over there ? 
  syria - for example - is a modern secular state . 
  one of the main principles of ba'athism is that all religions are equal under state law , and women have equality of opportunity protected by state law . 
  ba'athism tends to produce authoritarian regimes as it 's influenced by stalinism , but people like assad are more scared of * dissidents * than * infidels * . 
  isis is a fundamentalist islamist region , based more on wahhabist-style conservatism but run by crazy pissed off people . 
  so , imagine you 're some 43 year old syrian christian with a family of 3 kids and an engineering degree , and a decent but crappy job . 
  then america cripples iraq , there 's an arab spring , isis starts attacking , meanwhile assad 's bombing streets where he thinks enemies of the state are hiding . 
  you 're expected to either join the many rebel factions fighting alongside isis and al-qaeda , or fight against them alongside assad in full great-purge mode , * or * get on a boat and try and get asylum somewhere with your wife and kids . 
  i know what i 'd do . 
  i 'd be on the boat , with my wife and kids . 
  slippery slope is literally the name of a logical fallacy . 
  civilisation would not work without the concept of civil behaviour . 
  civilisation comes from trading posts where peoples hid their cultural taboos from each other to make trade . 
  in the uk , if a girl lies convincingly about her age , the guy ca n't be prosecuted . 
  the grey area comes when you start asking for evidence either way ... 
  it 's an old germanic word meaning `` foreigner '' or `` stranger '' something . 
  that 's what they called the british celts . 
  william wallace 's surname is british celtic . 
  wales means the country of the wallas , and cornwall means the horn of the wallas . 
  it 's alright for you bloody vikings , you 've got wursts and meatballs all the colours of the rainbow . 
  i 'm not going back to jellied eel pie and warm ale !, 
  filthy neutrals !, 
  2014 : gangs of white europeans gather in cologne and cause hassle . 
  2015 : german media calls for muslim immigrants to integrate . 
  2016 : gangs of muslim immigrants gather in cologne and cause hassle . 
  integration : success . 
  an astute observation !, 
  well done !, 
  unfortunately that does nothing at all to my argument that advice to avoid crime is not a bad thing . 
  for what i 'm using it for , it 's a correct analogy . 
  my point is that advice that reduces the chance of crime happening to you is still advice . 
  sometimes women * do * feel oppressed and unsafe to go out . 
  that needs to be tackled . 
  heck , sometimes * i * do n't feel safe . 
  merkel 's advice is a bit cheesy , but if it makes a woman think twice about a possible risk , and keeps her out of trouble , it 's still worth saying . 
  yeah , they have posters up round me saying `` lock your car . 
  do n't leave your valuables on the seat . '', 
  i mean , if i left my laptop on my seat , it 's still the fault of the robber for nicking it , but if someone tells me `` look , next time put it under the seat or something '' , my response is n't `` how about you teach people not to rob instead of victim-blaming ! '', 
  i just run around screaming . 
  you 'd be amazed how little sexual assault i get . 
   i was under the impression ...  i would imagine anything peer-reviewed you can point me to ? 
   does your mother go out in public and rip up her documents people with ptsd do many things .
