like brandy ? 
   general assumption, 
  no , the stats that back up what my joke was a reply to . 
  if you 're going to get involved in the conversation , stay with it . 
  these austrian rapists . 
  were they `` austrians '' or austrians ? 
  okay , so show the stats . 
  well austria was originally celtic , illyrian , and raetian . 
  the germanics came from scandinavia . 
  so everyone in austria is likely the descendant of foreigners . 
  if a woman feels uncomfortable going out of the house with her face uncovered , such a law would only force people indoors . 
  there are careers in which a veil is inappropriate , such as teaching children , or nursing , and there are occasions where identification needs to be checked , but there is no reason why this ca n't be dealt with sensitively . 
  there is literally no reason to ban a veil than people 's discomfort . 
  whether it 's a good or bad policy , it is not `` liberal '' . 
  if anything , it 's `` secular authoritarian '' . 
  that 's literally why they 're called breton . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  it does n't bother me . 
  i was n't voting yes for oil . 
  scotland does n't * need * oil . 
  we have a ton of natural resources , protected exports , and a service industry . 
  we would still have continued to build council houses , create jobs in the public sector , encourage investment in the private sector , and support the third sector with strong stable welfare . 
  the uk government is so wasteful , chucking money at lawyers to fight poor people , spending billions on bullshit contracts like atos , ingeus , and a4e , and increasing the uk 's deficit unsustainably . 
  we 're well out of that , oil or not . 
  well no , we still have a whole west indies full of potential analogous islands to explore ... 
  or the other way round . 
  i support the snp - and supported them during the referendum campaign - but on currency and oil i was firmly in the green yes camp . 
  i wonder if the uk will end up the eu 's hawaii , or the eu 's cuba ? 
  ukraine girls really knock me out . 
  they leave the west behind . 
  thatcher was complicit in torture in uzbekistan . 
  blair was complicit in torture and murder in iraq and afghanistan . 
  the lib dems worked in coalition with the tories . 
  it 's not going to go away . 
  england just voted tory again , so what 's left but independence ? 
  the kind of things that happened in abu ghraib * is * what america stands for . 
  it 's jus what they * do * . 
  the people of the middle east are just as capable of evil as any american , german , or whatever . 
  americans in abu ghraib tortured , raped , and murdered their prisoners . 
  and they did n't even need the excuse of an ideology . 
  many of those that survived were sent to camp bucca . 
  in camp bucca , at exactly the same time , the leaders of a few guerilla groups got together and planned and formed what we now know as isis . 
  are you telling me that 's a coincidence ? 
  they were in the same prison , where guards were already worried that radicalisation was happening . 
  when they got out , they went straight for abu ghraib - coincidence ? 
  if you abuse somebody , there 's a good chance you 'll fuck them up so bad they wo n't give a shit about abusing others . 
  america 's claim to the moral high ground in iraq is rank , stinking hypocrisy . 
  slamming torture by america is n't apologising for torture and rape by isis . 
  if you abhor rape and torture , then you abhor both isis * and * america . 
  you ca n't say isis are evil , but america are just having a tough time coping - which is how fox tried to spin the rape and torture of prisoners - because that would make you a disgusting hypocrite . 
  like murdoch . 
  you 're either against rape , torture , murder , or you think it 's okay , or you think it 's only okay when america does it . 
  i 'm dead against rape , torture , and murder , and i really hope people stop being apologists for it , and claiming that it has no effect on the people we do it to is complete delusionary bullshit . 
  as is saying `` just because * we * raped and tortured prisoners , killed kids from helicopters for fun and gang-raped a little girl , does n't mean * you * should do stuff like that ! '', 
  rape , torture , and murder is bad . 
  isis are fucked up , superstitious , paranoid , backwards human beings . 
  what 's america 's excuse ? 
  they 're doing it because they 're fucked up human beings , and that 's the sort of thing fucked up humans do . 
  why were americans raping their prisoners in iraq ? 
  were there weapons of mass destruction up those butts ? 
  did their flag tell them to do it ? 
  rhetorical question of course ... 
  this island will not cease to exist if political independence is sought by scotland , wales , or cornwall . 
  the uk is about as old as the usa . 
  watch this . 
  that 's correct . 
  i will not support a torture state . 
  even if it 's my own . 
  i voted yes in the scottish referendum . 
   why are you so self hating of your own culture and people . 
  i love my culture and my people . 
  i * hate * rape and torture . 
  that 's all . 
  hearing people call me self-hating because i call out torture makes me feel sick . 
  are you really that okay with rape and torture that when i say it happens you accuse me of hating my culture ? 
  have a * good * look at what you 're defending . 
  yeah , like i said before the anglo-saxon king offa of mercia traded with the abbasid caliphate . 
  there have been several caliphates throughout history . 
  however , many of the pan-arabists understand that due to the many sects and divisions and schools of thought within islam , the best way for a peaceful pan-arab state is through secularism . 
  salafism - or extreme conservatism - has been around in one form or another for as long as islam . 
  but it 's just * one * way to be a muslim , and the world from eastern europe to east asia is a big one . 
  wahhab was a guy in the 18th century in saudi arabia who wanted a revival and movement of extreme fundamentalism . 
  his movement has only really been popular since the 70s when saudi arabia used oil money to spread the wahhabist message . 
  america supported the jihadists in afghanistan - even praising them at the end credits of rambo iv - because they were fighting the soviet occupation . 
  so yeah , this stuff * does * predate the iraq wars . 
  but it 's not really the norm for most muslim countries , at least prior to the 70s-onwards interventions . 
  are you saying torture is a necessary cost of `` freedom '' or something ? 
  what are you saying here ? 
   nobody is innocent . 
  that 's kind of my point . 
   this behavior is the exception to the rule and america has brought a great amount of good into this world as well . 
  it 's how america was founded . 
  it 's how america hit their industrial revolution . 
  it 's how america operated in vietnam , afghanistan , iran , iraq . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torture_and_the_united_states seriously , read that . 
   there is a long standing precedent that enable and encourage these actions . 
  wahhabism started in najd , saudi arabia in the 18th century as a * revivalist * movement of fundamentalist islam . 
  wiki : * `` with the help of funding from petroleum exports [ 25 ] ( and other factors [ 26 ] ) , the movement underwent `` explosive growth '' beginning in the 1970s and now has worldwide influence . 
  [ 3 ] '' * who 's enabling and encouraging saudi arabia ? 
  who enabled and encouraged al qaeda ?
