   and sexually molest people ? 
  if you have evidence this guy molested anybody , you should give it to the cologne police . 
  if not , maybe you should try not contributing to the already critical levels of bullshit on the internet . 
  heightened fight-or-flight response is not necessarily a good thing in a cerebral exam setting . 
   if you know your enemies and know yourself , you will not be imperiled in a hundred battles ... if you do not know your enemies nor yourself , you will be imperiled in every single battle . 
  \\ - sun tzu '' ... of ` arab or north african ' origin '' is really all we 've been given . 
  the `` 1000 '' figure is dubious and has been called out before . 
  there are a few suspects , and no real proper arrests . 
  did n't anyone have a camera that night ? 
  where was the cctv ? 
  there are 4,080,000 muslims in germany . 
  a bunch of brown people did a terrible thing in cologne . 
  we risk rhetoric that leaves 4,080,000 people feeling like the media 's blaming * them * and worse , heightening tension against brown and black people , whatever nationality or religion they are . 
  unless we 're going to tackle the correct problem , we 'll end up with the wrong solution . 
  okay , but arrogance is not a criminal offence in germany . 
  maybe his home bombed , his family dead , he makes it to a safe place , decides to go out on new year , shit kicks off , he gets scared and defensive , police arrest him in the chaos , he feels profiled ... 
  comes from * which * area ? 
  which area 's culture are we talking about here ? 
  [ sauce ] ( https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/begging-the-question ) for my clam, 
  like sending kids to bed without their supper ? 
  if you deliver one , i 'll evaluate . 
  i 'm not raking through pages of google to disprove something !, 
  yeah , there 's also a lot of nonsense on google . 
   can you find a peer-reviewed paper ? 
  that 's not a source . 
   hunger tends to improve mathematical skills . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i would have thought the opposite . 
  do you have a source ? 
  so kony 's atrocities were caused by christian culture , and the human rights abuses at abu ghraib were caused by american culture . 
  got it . 
  so you think they were verging on subhuman ? 
  interesting ... 
   whether they take it or not 's up to them ... 
  this is spain 's chance to go swiss with regular referenda on policy . 
  whether they take it or not 's up to them ... 
  i 've had those moments hitchhiking . 
  the trick is to back up , find a service station and strike up conversation in the car park . 
  picts . 
  the scots were still over in ireland . 
   a sect a very large one . 
  it 's about 30 to 50 % of jews and growing . 
  practitioners have been spreading herpes because sucking on a penis with an open wound is the standard procedure . 
  source ? 
  when a computer program is written , it is written in a special code language called source code , which is sort of like a mix of english with maths and special characters . 
  a program called a compiler turns this code into a computer code , which is just a bunch of unintelligible numbers that only computers can understand . 
  when microsoft and adobe write programs like windows and photoshop , they hide this source code from the public , and only allow the unreadable numbers to be released . 
  that 's what 's on a windows install dvd . 
  this makes it very difficult for a user to change the program . 
  in the 80s , a man called richard stallman thought this was unethical , so he created a special software license called gnu public licence , and released a bunch of software called gnu under this licence , and started a movement and an organisation called the free software foundation . 
  under the gpl license , you 're allowed to use the software , copy it , and change it , but you 're not allowed to hide the source code . 
  you have to distribute the source code with the software , so that if the user happens to be - or know - a programmer , they can change it . 
  a few years later , a bunch of people tried to sell this software concept to businesses , so they started a new movement and organisation that was less about ethics , and more about practicality . 
  they called this software open source . 
  there are other licences than gpl , but the gist of them are the same . 
  the source code is available , and the license lets anybody use or change the software . 
  software like ms office and photoshop are called `` proprietary '' , because the copyright owners have legally restricted the sharing and modification of the software . 
  much of the internet services and websites that we visit are built and run using open source software . 
  why is it better ? 
  licensing is simple . 
  unless you buy a support package from a company like red hat , it 's all available for free , and companies and schools do n't have to pay anything to use it . 
  it 's flexible . 
  companies do n't have to wait for bugs to be fixed or features added by ms or whoever , they can hire a programmer and do it themselves . 
  they can then release those changes . 
  linux is an example of open source that works this way , and both corporations and volunteers are contributing towards it , and those improvements are then available to all , for free . 
  it has a community . 
  people worldwide are contributing to this , and not just in code . 
  artists , designers , musicians , and even just users are all getting involved making , testing , and improving open source software . 
  compatibility . 
  using proprietary software like ms office can cause incompatibility issued among archive files , and between software upgrades . 
  open source software tends to use open standard files like odf , and since software writers are free to use these standards , the compatibility between open source software is excellent . 
  although they have n't enforced open source , my own government * has * enforced odf as the document format for archives . 
  ms office can read them , as can pretty much any open source office software , such as libreoffice . 
  for a public body , it makes sense that the public should be able to scrutinise the software that is used on public systems , and also that the organisation can join the community and help improve the software for users worldwide . 
  * with , without . 
  * * and who 'll deny it 's what the fighting 's all about ... ? 
  i have visions of a bunch of guerrilla fighters in cryo-tubes , and a big button that says `` activate '', 
   i voted for cameron . 
  only the people of witney voted for cameron . 
  there were no prime ministerial elections . 
  we do n't get to choose our pm . 
  even our elected mps do n't get a vote on that . 
  all we can do is hope our party gets enough seats . 
  because the uk government is a bastion of honesty and decency ... / s, 
  who the hell has noisy tears ? 
  do some people squeak or something ? 
  why is `` silent tears '' a thing ? 
  was it that vulgar latin girl again ? 
  yeah , [ this ] ( https://danpatto.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/grey.jpg ) is what france looks like from england . 
  it 's a symptom of division , not a cause . 
  kids have died from circumcision . 
  the guy whose job it is to suck the baby 's penis can transfer diseases like herpes , which can be fatal for babies . 
  yeah but they seem to think they 've already paid ... 
  that 's well good you knowing that !, 
  whoever smelt it dealt it . 
  the uk parliament started in a church , and the two-party system put the opposing parties against each other . 
  when the church burnt down , they built a new parliament that was just opposing seats for that reason . 
  the nordics like iceland just used to meet out in the open . 
  when people started * designing * assemblies , they realised that the curve was a bit of a better symbol for discussion rather than fighting . 
  always ready to stick a finger in a dyke .
