what is the release date ? 
  `` after your pussy 2015 '' , did n't you watch the trailer ? 
  you , my friend , is colorblind . 
  would n't that be a sight ? 
  it 's amazing that the society has come so far that they 're no longer disadvantaged !, 
  `` chill out bro , it 's just a prank !, 
  it 's just a prank ! '', 
   though the likelihood of him doing something that stupid is decidedly less . 
  you have n't met my call of cthulhu investigator i see . 
  with an airplane ? 
  now you 're just being silly . 
  that 's a trillby . 
  we could choose between i think german and french from grade 6 ( maybe spanish , but if that was the case no one chose it ) to complement the english we took from grade 3 . 
  for french you had to travel a couple of kilometers to another school but german could be taken at the school i went to . 
  seems like they focused on german . 
  yeah i was n't serious in any way , i was just doing a take on the `` gay sweden '' joke before finland could have a chance . 
  hmm , the vagoths ? 
  let 's disregard the german pronounciation of v. 
  they chose a bad time to do it then , the budget ( which also was increased ) was already agreed upon before the sub sighting . 
  yeah , no biggie with foreign military subs lurking around our waters , probably just a prank . 
  estonia pulling new tricks to into nordic ? 
  nice try , we know it 's you guys lurking out there . 
  tracksuits ? 
  well `` nordic '' is a historical geographic area with a more or less common culture , it 's not a political construct . 
  you ca n't just `` become '' nordic like you can join the eu . 
  but i do n't know really . 
  i just think it 's nice when people wants to be part of your club . 
  i think estonia is torn between former soviet occupation and progressive social movements . 
  look at latvia and lithuania , this map suits as an example . 
  i get the feeling that estonians feel they do n't belong there . 
  but this is really something someone actually from estonia could answer way better . 
  thank you both for not pretending to be posting in / r/swarje or / r/danmag . 
  i love you . 
  on a side note , estonia this map does n't help you into nordic . 
  i think the problem is that without the caffeine they would remain in a depression induced apathy . 
  vodka ? 
  come on , ca n't we keep estonia as nordic ? 
  it 's so cute !, 
  yeah i know the swedish guy who uses gas . 
  he 's okay . 
   ask if sweden is a muslim country . 
  i think this one is the best , because it pisses off people both for and against our immigration . 
  it works either way . 
  i did n't know you people from swaziland had this problem too . 
  like a bag , * with handles * . 
  i know that at least in swedish `` united kingdom '' is correctly translated to `` storbritannien '' , that 's simply what the country ( including northern ireland ) is called in swedish . 
  the thing is that `` storbritannien '' literally means `` great britain '' and may * also * be used to refer to the actual island great britain . 
  this may or may not add to the confusion . 
  do n't bother , it 's not worth it . 
  believe me . 
  actually , i think that 's a large part of his point . 
  that 's stupid , they could be above 1.0 easily if they just used it to buy stuff from sweden . 
  why would you ever want to go shopping without a bank card ? 
  i do n't think she 's paying just for her own cotton candy , look behind her . 
  that 's really cool , makes the world feel a bit closer . 
  i think this map indicates that it is time for a preemptive invasion of denmark . 
  ^ ^ ^ poland ^ ^ ^ help, 
   it belongs to fsb . 
  ( formerly known as kgb ), 
  i do n't understand what 's going on here , what am i missing ? 
  are you unhappy with the design ? 
  well i would n't mind the nato forces coming to sweden 's aid even though there are no formal agreements what so ever that they should , along with sweden not having to pull any part of the weight . 
  there 's a big difference between living with your significant other or being married to them , sure there might be just as much love and support , but they are very different legal agreements . 
  because sweden simply * is not * a member of nato , no matter how many exercises we do together . 
  that 's a nice art style . 
  i think it looks too ... american . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why , apart from the stars and stripes thing . 
  nice colors though . 
  what we need is a nice moose on the flag . 
  as we 're not in / r/swarje , i 'd like to say that i 'm sincerely happy for you denmark . 
  good job !, 
  it 's worse losing the fake coins , because then you have to use real coins until you find a new one , and i never have any cash on me . 
  i have no references at all and might be pulling this out of my ass . 
  back when the lidl store came to my town they did n't cooperate with the unions and the staff had pretty shitty working environment compared to other swedish stores . 
  this was my first impression of lidl , so there 's that . 
  the title reads '' ... has n't * formally * been in war ... '' , emphasis by me . 
  so you do n't have * any * years since the last war then . 
  * good going * . 
  we have two hundred !, 
  that 's more than zero . 
  that 's also correct . 
  sweden had 30 civilian casualties and the swedish military had 30 confirmed kills . 
  you might as well send in dalarna 's preschool gender netural curling team for a quick victory . 
  yes , they kill everyone equally . 
  it does n't matter if the target is of gender or not . 
  may i remind everyone that we 're * not * in / r/yurop , / r/swarje , / r/danmag , * or * / r/nordvei . 
  we love you norway . 
  what about swaziland ? 
  you 're actually * the only one * even talking about this subject you know . 
  it 's like you 're arguing with yourself . 
  he actually never says it 's a volvo , it 's just heavily implied . 
  i do n't think it will hold up in court . 
  i think i 'll get something lithuanian from systembolaget on my way home , i usually ca n't decide what to get anyway . 
  it 's only phobia if it 's irrational . 
  hide it under a layer of really smelly marijuana . 
  i do n't buy russian vodka for one . 
  and that 's like 95 % of their exports right ? 
  what are every-day lithuanian goods i can buy as i private consumer ? 
  i 'm thinking like a reverse boycott . 
  lol , step up your game denmark , we can barely see you back there !,
