  also , i take it that means you acknowledge the above posters claim that men are more affected by crime is bs ? 
   examples ? 
  here you go : https://www.reddit.com/r/askfeminists/comments/3syhda/a_list_of_feminist_resources_tackling_mens_issues/, 
   men make up the sweeping majority of suicides it 's hard to know why men commit suicide more often , but it probably has a lot to do with the way they 're raised and poor mental health , which is something a lot of modern feminists are concerned with and pay a lot of attention to . 
   work place deaths maybe the reason men die in more workplace accidents is because women are prevented from taking on those jobs in the first place ? 
   crime victims etc. 
  which crimes ? 
  if you 're talking about sexual assault , rape , or domestic violence/partner murder , then your claim is false , because women are affected far more than men . 
   women face other challenges and both need to be addressed . 
  the idea that feminism is the solution to gender inequality is nonsensical . 
  lots of modern feminists are concerned with men 's issues . 
  you 're either just unaware of it or choosing to ignore it . 
  edit : down votes with no reply , the mark of true intellectual honesty / s, 
  believe it or not , but there 's a middle ground between self destructive machismo and crying in public . 
  i do n't know if the macho bullshit is what 's driving suicides in poland , but it 's definitely not a good thing . 
  i was raised that way , and the best thing i ever did for my mental health was to give it up and start being more open and honest about things . 
  i love stuff like this . 
  it makes me wonder what kind of stories and culture was stamped out by the church though :( i find the pagan stuff much more interesting than christian stories . 
  you 're talking about the country that invaded iraq after 9/11 , even though it had nothing to do with 9/11 . 
  we also recently elected trump , who decided to ban muslims from countries that have n't attacked us . 
  during the cold war , there was a zealous , brainwashed , blind hatred for all things communist , and i 'm pretty sure if things devolved to the point where we 're engaging the ussr in direct conflict , we would have attacked all communists just to try and wipe them out . 
  it never happened either way , thankfully . 
  i just know that americans can be dangerous ideologues at times , and do n't think they would have resisted the temptation in that hypothetical circumstance . 
  maybe i 'm wrong though , who knows ? 
  yea , but what about the 60 's , 70 's , and 80 's though ? 
  at that point , americans had a blind hatred for anything socialist/communist . 
  i did n't mean immediately after wwii . 
  we 're delving into alternate history and fiction now though . 
  i only said that to illustrate the american mindset during the cold war , which was that all communists were the same and all communists were bad . 
  there was a lot of brainwashing going on . 
   if the point you 're making is `` east bloc = socialist country in europe '' then ok , i agree . 
  that is what i 'm saying , yes . 
  that was the origin of the term . 
  the rest i understand as well . 
  it 's not the greatest fit , i agree . 
  i think it 's an outdated term and no longer useful , tbh , but facts are facts . 
  the primary distinction used by americans for the `` 2nd world '' was a communist/socialist ideology and a certain level of industrialization , not their alignment . 
  also , pretty sure the american foreign policy apparatus would have attacked yugolslavia , if they were to engage the ussr in a direct conflict . 
  it 's more that america and nato considered yugoslavia to be a part of the eastern bloc than anything , so that 's the common definition . 
  you can argue it did n't make sense all you want , but american foreign policy rarely did . 
  i did n't say it was a satellite . 
  whether or not it was a satellite , yugoslavia was considered a part of the eastern bloc . 
  when people say `` eastern bloc '' , that includes yugoslavia . 
  i understand it was non aligned and the relation to ussr was n't as close as the other states , but at the time , it was treated as such . 
  if you were taught otherwise , then you were the one lied to , not the guy you responded to . 
  given that `` eastern bloc '' was a term coined by america , we should probably go by the american ( and more common ) definition :  the term eastern bloc referred to the former communist states of eastern and central europe , including the countries of the warsaw pact , along with yugoslavia and albania , which were not aligned with the soviet union after 1948 and 1960 respectively . 
  https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_bloc i understand the stigma of being referred to as `` eastern '' and do n't care how regions define themselves these days , but slovenia was definitely part of the `` eastern bloc '' when that was a thing . 
  source ? 
  millennials are gen y. 
  they 're after gen x. 
  after y is z. 
  gen y and the millennials are the same generation , because they come after generation x. 
  the generation after millennial is z. 
  the oldest millennials are from ~ ~ 1985 ~ ~ 1982 , and a generation is 25 years . 
  people born in the 90 's are very much millennials . 
  you do n't have to have been a full grown adult by 2000 . 
  if that were true then it would be generation x that are the millennials . 
  millennials just grew up around the turn of the century . 
  there 's no rule that states they have to have been adults by 2000 . 
  there 's only one reality . 
  listening to `` different viewpoints '' is actually counterproductive if they 're not based in reality or science . 
  being better than 3rd world shitholes is not a huge accomplishment . 
  cultures can , and do , change . 
  and this kind of hatred for anyone different is n't something you should be defending and trying to enforce . 
  it does n't make poland unique or moral or better in any way , just backwards and small minded . 
  the argument that `` marriage is to produce children '' does n't actually hold up to scrutiny either . 
  plenty of couples choose not to have children , should they not be allowed to marry then ? 
  and how does allowing homosexual couples to marry prevent straight people from having kids anyway ? 
  it 's a stupid argument . 
  are those people dressed up as jews , or is there just a single jewish couple in the village ? 
  what 's that about ? 
  your statement does n't counter anything . 
  when obama turned his attention to isis , he quickly overcame their forces in iraq with zero american casualties . 
  that qualifies them as `` jayvee . '', 
  and aside from that , obama campaigned on ending the wars that bush started . 
  he ca n't just send troops back in after pulling them out unless the political and public will is there . 
  bush is also the one that created this whole fucking mess in the first place , so it 's for good reason that he gets shit on when it comes to this . 
  nobody asked her ( donna brazile ) for them , she did that on her own . 
  and no , that 's not something i consider corruption , regardless of who is receiving them . 
  that 's mildly improper at worst , but definitely not what i would call corruption . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure out what the topics would be anyway . 
  it was a stupid move , sure , but nowhere near the level of corruption we 're already seeing from trump . 
  the fact that that 's what you brought up proves my point , clinton is a a girl scout and her detractors have to stoop to extreme pettiness to find anything wrong with her . 
  we 've made a lot of progress against isis in the past year . 
  mosul is currently under siege , and after that falls isis is done in iraq . 
  all this without any american boots on the ground ( except special ops , but they 're more there to train local troops and provide strategic support than to fight ) . 
  i 'd say he was right about that one . 
  the problem is that this clinton and dnc `` corruption '' is n't actual corruption , but mostly just an honest assessment of reality that 's too nuanced for most voters and not something you can say publicly . 
  actual corruption would be something like hiring an oil ceo to handle us foreign policy , or not stepping down from your business ventures while president . 
  but because clinton has been smeared in the media for 30 years now , an email leak can easily be used to further paint her in a negative light , because they know nobody will bother to look through the emails for themselves to find this supposed `` corruption '' or that even if they do , they 'll most likely be biased enough to find `` proof '' and conspiracies in completely innocuous statements : hence how you end up with things like pizza gate . 
  that explains it , serbs love russia . 
  i would argue that christmas is important to more than just christians . 
  the holiday itself predates christianity and was originally pagan , and a lot of modern atheists ( myself included ) still celebrate a secular version of the holiday . 
  wow , that is fucked up . 
  nominating and selecting judges is different from having the authority to fire them at will . 
  what is so hard for you to understand about that ? 
  even in the us , the president ( executive ) nominates supreme court judges and then the senate ( legislature ) approves them , but then they get the position for life and can not be fired . 
  i 'm not opposed to reforming the selection process , but letting the parliament and justice minister fire judges at will is nothing but an authoritarian power grab . 
  no it does n't , no other european country gives parliament the power to fire and hire judges at will . 
  because pis are a bunch of liars that would say anything to get their base riled up against their latest `` threat . '',
