same here , but there 's no denying that 's it 's a part of the finance industry culture , at least in nyc . 
  i think it 's safe to say most of those guys missed the larger points made by that movie . 
  wolf of wall st was also set in nyc , not the uk . 
  when that movie came out here there were theaters full of bankers cheering during the various drug/orgy scenes . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  not forgiven so much as dismissed as an idiot . 
  the dense cities thing is n't really true in most of the us . 
  it 's really just the older cities that have n't been bulldozed and replaced with sprawl that are like that . 
  a typical american city is basically just a collection of suburbs with a boring business district . 
  not to americans . 
  european media never reports anything about the identity of criminals , but american media goes out of their way to dig up , and air , whatever personal info and photos they can find . 
  so when an american comes across a european news piece about `` rising anti semitism '' in europe that does n't mention religion or race , they assume it means the popular mainstream culture and not a minority group . 
  i actually have israeli-american friends that post european news like that and then rant against nazis , not realizing the perpetrators are muslim ( whom they also regularly rant against ) . 
  in nyc people refer to everything north of the city as `` upstate . '', 
  meanwhile , the state is almost as big as france and nyc on its southernmost tip . 
  yay france !, 
  even if the ship is ultimately delivered , this still makes for a great bargaining chip with putin . 
  actually , it 's the nonedible bitter varieties that are used to make cider . 
  it 's considered wasteful to use the ones meant to be eaten . 
  iran has n't been involved in an actual conflict ( prior to isis ) for quite some time now , nor was their economy ever as integrated with the west 's as russia 's . 
  putin 's current popularity stems from the growth russia experienced throughout the aughts and his credentials as a nationalist ( taking crimea ) . 
  if suddenly the economy tanks and russian adventurism results in nothing but dead russians , you can be sure that his own base will quickly start turning against him . 
  the state of a country 's economy is the single biggest factor when it comes to an incumbent leaders popularity , and to think putin is somehow immune to that is naive . 
  his popularity will wane as the conflict drags on and their economy stagnates . 
  nothing gets people to turn on their leaders quicker than an economy in the toilet . 
  i disregard the american criminal justice system after seeing it 's many failures and i 've embraced the more general `` european '' model after seeing it 's successes . 
  yes , its a bias . 
  no , i wo n't apologize for it . 
  you do n't even seem to be aware of the basic differences between the two systems and are only pissed because i hurt your pride . 
  america is great at some things and shitty at others , criminal justice and running efficient government agencies are two things the u.s. currently sucks at . 
  italy also has a reputation for being corrupt , so sending them would be just as bad . 
  ever hear of the nypd and lapd ? 
  are you really trying to tell me that the common view of the average police officer in the u.s. is a positive one , or that our criminal justice system as a whole is doing a good job overall ? 
  i 'm not saying they 're the worst in the world or that american police departments have n't made great strides over the past few decades , but they do n't really compare to european departments in terms of effectiveness and being squeaky clean . 
  this is partially a difference in worldview too . 
  american moralism and punitive action versus european pragmatism and rehabilitation . 
  moral judgements aside , the two systems and methodologies are n't even compatible with one another , so having the u.s. send people would only serve to undermine the european way of doing things . 
  this is n't some political maneuver but a mission to modernize the ukranian police forces and change their reputation among the people , so the u.s. would be useless . 
  american police departments are n't exactly known for being efficient , corruption free , and upholding civil rights . 
  jan pawel ii and the church were pretty important when it came to resisting communism in poland . 
  being catholic turned into a sort of rebellion in an of itself during those times , which is why poland saw a resurgence in religious belief during the same time that the czechs were becoming more atheist . 
  poland consistently spends 1.9-1 .95 % on defense . 
  i get a half loaf of fresh rye bread for $ 1.40 in nyc . 
  this made me so sad . 
  i have so much shame and regret over poland 's involvement in 1968 that it brings me to tears when i really think about it . 
  i want to preface this by saying i 'm not mad and that i have no actual feelings of ill will towards you . 
  i 'm only going to say what i 'm about to to try and help you understand why you 're being downvoted . 
  that said , you 're being ethnocentric ( or at least limiting your view of the situation to only that which you clearly understand ) and you 're coming off as heartless and/or cowardly . 
  you and the people you work for do not get to dictate the various definitions of `` medic '' and that term was used correctly in this thread . 
  the confusion you had over this point is because you only understand the word as it applies to you . 
  and beyond that you just do n't seem to be grasping the gravity of the situation there currently . 
  this is way past just being a regular protest . 
  it 's a full blown crisis now and people are fighting for the future of the country . 
  janukovych would rather order the police to shoot at civilians than step down . 
  meanwhile , this girl chose to go out and provide medical assistance to injured protestors and was shot by a sniper while wearing an internationally recognized symbol for medics . 
  it 's disgusting behavior reminiscent of the many power struggles in the 20th century and the fact that you would rather `` follow protocol '' than help your fellow countrymen make a lot of people in here think much less of you . 
   and its not like society has broken down 100 % in the ukraine . 
  things are reletively running normally outside the protest areas . 
  that was true about a week ago but the situation has devolved very quickly since then . 
  i suggest you look through some of the other subs and megathreads on this topic . 
  staples are being rationed , schools are closed , party deputies are abandoning janukvych , and oligarchs are fleeing the country . 
  the parliament held an emergency meeting to force the police to retreat , and western cities are in open revolt . 
  it 's chaos over there right now . 
  and it should have been clear from the context that people mean `` army medic '' or `` revolutionary medic '' and not `` ems personnel '' . 
  somebody else told you she 's a medical student too , stop looking at this through your personal lens . 
  the situation has devolved into a popular uprising . 
  soldiers and police are defecting , and some cities are in open revolt . 
  nobody gives a fuck about the rules anymore , people are fighting for their future . 
  if you would just stand by and watch civilians get shot by snipers without trying to help then it says a lot about you . 
  it will vary depending on where they settle , how much they want to assimilate , and whether or not any subsequent waves of immigrants arrive later to join up with the community that was already there . 
  typically speaking in nyc , i would say they last for about a generation before the community is mostly americanized . 
  i read [ this ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/05/a-17th-century-russian-community-living-in-21st-century-alaska/275440/ ) recently , i think you 'd like it . 
  that would be first generation . 
  i grew up in nyc and i 'm very familiar with these kind of communities , in fact i was raised in one myself . 
  they cluster together upon arrival but tend to move out of the immigrant neighborhood as they start to make more money . 
  by the time you reach the 2nd or third generation they are typically all but americanized . 
  most people in the us that claim an ethnicity based on where their grandparents ( or even earlier ) are from usually ca n't even properly pronounce their own last name . 
  if you were raised in america by parents that also grew up in the u.s. then you are nothing but american , regardless of where your ancestors came from . 
  after a few generations those traditions are either outdated and no longer reflect modern italian/russian/greek culture or they 're watered down into americanized caricatures of the original culture . 
  none of the 2nd or 3rd generation `` polish/italian/german / irish/etc '' american families i know are anything like their counterparts in europe . 
  at that point their ethnicity is little more than a myth they repeat to themselves and others . 
  at least it 's a very high brow and extremely well done calendar . 
  attitudes vary greatly . 
  plenty of columbians , cubans , and argentinans think of themselves as `` white '' . 
  you missed my point . 
  that 's good , but there are plenty of neoliberals and libertarians that do try very hard to remove * all * regulations by using that same language , so all i 'm saying is you should choose your words more carefully . 
  they may have privatized industries and liberalized trade but `` free markets '' typically means zero regulations and that is certainly not the case here . 
  it 's a more free market than it was under communism , but that is n't saying very much . 
  now it makes sense . 
  this is n't something that you can translate into english too easily though , at least not without losing the pun . 
  i think my 2nd attempt ( `` it is not enough to speak at people , one must speak to people '' ) gets the general idea across , but it lacks the impressive word play . 
  does rzeczy mean anything besides things/stuff/objects , or is the quote metaphorical ? 
  polish : it is not enough to speak to things , one must speak to people . 
  i do n't get it , but i was raised in the states . 
  maybe another pole can explain the quote ? 
  edit : just saw the other translations below . 
  i guess there 's some kind of subtext i 'm missing . 
  as far as i can tell the first part should translate to something along the lines of `` it is not enough to speak at people as if they were objects . '', 
  2nd attempt : `` it is not enough to speak * at * people , one must speak * to * people . '', 
  i was with him until he dismissed the association agreement and said it would result in new laws passed but no actual changes due to corruption ( in short ) .
