  and after weed is legal , it 's only a matter of time before they try the same tactic with other substances . 
  forceful ? 
  maybe . 
  measured and strategic ? 
  definitely not . 
  trump may follow the party platform and show force , but just like bush , he 'll fuck it all up and make everything worse . 
  if your mother wanted an abortion and is forced to raise you instead , you 're more likely to become a criminal than someone that contributes anything to society , much less a `` great . '', 
  do you know what the number one reason cited for the multi decade drop in crime in the us is ? 
  legalized abortions . 
  forcing a woman to have a child they do n't want or are n't prepared to raise only introduces misery into the world . 
  can i exchange my polish identity for a czech one ? 
  how do you guys spell `` ski '' surnames ? 
  i would n't waste the gas on you . 
  you can live out the rest of your days protecting whatever 's left of your `` glorious polish culture . '', 
  :d enjoy the rest of your day !!!, 
  i do n't need to try and diminish you , your own actions and beliefs already do that . 
  you sit here and respond as if you 're trying to be civil , but its all fake . 
  you refuse to answer any questions i pose , and all you 're interested in doing is pushing your twisted bigoted `` logic '' in some polite package , as if that makes your actions ok . and for the record : yes , i 'm a dick in real life to people like you , because you represent evil and immoral behavior and the only way to stop that is to stand up to it . 
  i do n't care whether or not some backwoods religious yokel likes me , what i care about is that you do n't poison anybody else with your evil ideas . 
   listen , mate . 
  let us be who we are . 
  could say the same to you in regards to gay people . 
  you should just let the be who they are , and let them live their lives how they see fit . 
  you 've still yet to explain how letting them get married would hurt your culture in the first place . 
  all you 've done so far is dodge every question i 've asked you . 
  but yea , thanks for the show . 
  you make zero good points but the gymnastics have been quite entertaining . 
  you should join the circus . 
  real pride does n't need to be constantly broadcasted to other people . 
  so some people can marry their partner and others ca n't , and that 's equal to you ? 
  and the desperation is palpable in every thread about poland that comes up here and in most of your comments too . 
  `` oh look guys , quality of life in poland is up ! '', 
  `` oh look guys , poland can into space ! '', 
  `` oh look guys , we support the war on terror too '' `` oh , im sorry you feel poland is too religious and bigoted , but please visit us anyway , i 'm sure you 'd love it ! '', 
  `` i know we say antisemitic things all the time but we do n't mean it , we swear '' anyway , i used to be mad at my parents for taking us out of poland , but now that i 'm an adult i 'm glad for it . 
  it 's at least 25 years behind the west in terms of social equality and even common sense . 
  once the eu funds dry up and poland gets past the easy growth from simply transitioning to a real democratic capitalist country , you 're gon na have to do some real work if you want to advance the country . 
  so your idea of equality is forcing somebody that is n't interested in the opposite sex to marry the opposite sex . 
  yea , real equal and free . 
  you deserve a gold medal for those mental gymnastics . 
  poles are so desperate to be seen as equals to other western countries but it 's attitudes like this that are going to hold the country back for a long time . 
  everyone has the same rights ? 
  so gay people can get married then ? 
  better mental health for a lot of people , and equality for all its citizens ? 
  and i asked you first . 
  but i guess we both know that there is zero benefit to it . 
  poland is free to enact whatever laws it wants , but it comes down to what kind of values and principles the country wants to abide by and what kind of future you collectively want to build for yourselves . 
  and on a basic level , it 's generally important to choose your battles . 
  what benefit does poland receive by not allowing gay marriages exactly ? 
  why is this issue so important to people in the first place ? 
  gay people are going to be born and live in poland whether or not you allow gay marriage . 
  they 're going to stay gay whether or not you allow gay marriage . 
  all this debate does is subject a subset of your population to mistreatment and unhappiness while providing the rest of the country with zero benefits . 
  uhm , at no point did i say you 're stupid , just bigoted . 
  and you 're the one getting worked up , not me . 
  i did respond with an argument , you 're just choosing to ignore it . 
  but ill reiterate : `` marriage '' is a made up word that we assign a meaning to . 
  it can mean anything we want it to . 
  if poles really believed in equality , a definition would not stop them from allowing same sex unions . 
  this is just a way to distract people and prevent any actual change from happening . 
  that 's literally the same exact `` logic '' used in america by conservatives for decades before it was finally legalized here . 
  i was born in poland , raised polish , and spent many summers in poland , while growing up in the us , so i have one foot in each culture , and the honest truth is that poles are just overall too religious and generally conservative for my ( and a lot of other peoples ) tastes , and is about the only reason i would never move back . 
  `` marriage '' is a made up term and can mean anything you want it to mean . 
  the only real reason to deny same sex marriage to people is bigotry . 
  trying to dress up the arguments against it in semantics is not fooling anybody that honestly believes in equality . 
  it 's all relative . 
  everyone will say something that 's either a lie or just factually misinformed once in a while . 
  hillary clinton has the best overall fact checking record out of any candidate that has run this year , including bernie sanders . 
  http://www.politifact.com/personalities/hillary-clinton/ she may sometimes tell lies , but when you compare her to everyone else , she 's actually the most honest overall . 
  personally , i 'm with you . 
  but we 're talking about current laws here , and at least this is consistent in it 's application . 
  right , so if it 's ok to ban nudity due to moralistic concerns , why not specific garments ? 
  thats the point the poster above was making . 
  it 's hypocritical to say you can ban nudity but not specific items of clothing . 
  if you believe people can wear whatever they want , then that should include not wearing anything at all . 
  personally i 'm all for nudity and burkinis . 
  it should be up to the individual and i do n't see why other people should get a say , but at the same time things are very tense right now due to the recent attacks and i understand the anger the locals are feeling , although i do think it 's a bit misplaced . 
  also , photography in public is a protected right and the fact that these men attacked teens for taking a picture is only going to make things worse for them . 
  this whole situation is a bit fucked . 
  how does nudity harm children , exactly ? 
  last i checked everyone was born nude . 
  pretty sure kids do n't give a fuck if people are naked or not . 
  yes , communism fell almost 30 years ago , and the post war iron curtain era only lasted about 40 , and before that central europe was a thing for about 1000 years . 
  if 30 years is n't enough to erase a 40 year union , why is 40 years enough to erase 1000 years of shared history ? 
  it 's pretty clear that this pushback against `` central europe '' vs `` eastern europe '' is largely about wealthier europeans not wanting to be associated with poorer ones , even though they actually have a lot in common . 
  `` oh look , they drink vodka in addition to lots of beer , and their dirndls look a little different , they call wilder mann something else , and they make their sausage differently ; clearly they 're not central europeans , no way ! '', 
  / s czechs especially are nothing more than slavic speaking germans as far as i 'm concerned . 
  there 's nothing illegal about what poland is doing though . 
  they 're protecting their own interests in a completely acceptable way . 
  even in the private sector you have a right to refuse to do business with somebody if you feel it is not in your best interest . 
  that 's exactly what 's going on here but on a national level . 
  if you 're so interested in examples of institutional racism , maybe you should google it or find it on wikipedia . 
  there are actually lots of examples online . 
  you 're just being willfully ignorant because it goes against your bigoted worldview . 
  i 'm from nyc , so yes i 've lived among black americans my entire life . 
  i also have been robbed twice , once at gunpoint . 
  neither times was the perpetrator black . 
  not that it would make a difference either way , i do n't hold entire groups of people accountable for the actions of one person . 
  called it , confirmed trump supporter . 
  he does n't represent most americans .
