  he 'd be most comparable to a chav , or an adidas wearing , slav squatting , hooligan . 
  edit : also , neo-nazis . 
  some of trump 's biggest supporters are literal neo-nazi 's , white supremacists , and kkk members . 
  please ignore this idiot , guys . 
  this is what a trump supporter looks like . 
  no chance in hell the eu agrees to anything of the sort . 
  poor people could n't afford it because english markets were willing and able to pay more for it , hence why food was being exported while people starved . 
  pretty sure shutting down the export of food and putting rations in place would have at least helped . 
  us does the same with a lot of our atrocities . 
  which atrocities are glossed over depends largely on where you 're from though . 
  lots of southerners still insist the civil war was n't about slavery x_x so grateful for wikipedia . 
  ca n't tell if you 're serious or not ... 
  the famine was because of the uk keeping all the food for themselves while letting the irish starve . 
  you guys did the same thing in india at one point . 
  only there the deaths hit tens of millions . 
   because women are less often interested in these fields ( and there 's no proof it 's 100 % cultural ) . 
  because going for a research job is risky ( most people do n't get to become a scientist ) , ** and women take less risks in general . 
  because they have more options that do n't involve being perceived as a failure . 
  because of stereotypes . 
  because of employers ' expectations that they will focus on kids and family more than on career . 
  ** because according to current research women are on average as intelligent as men , but more women are near the average , whereas more men are on both extremes , and stem jobs often require above-average intelligence . 
  i bolded the parts that are cultural . 
  even if there are some biological reasons why women do n't go into stem fields , these are entirely learned and can be changed with people 's attitudes . 
  wherever the natural equilibrium is , i think we 're a far way from having reached it , and there 's plenty of room for improvement from the current situation . 
   for example :  35.2 % of chemists are women ;  11.1 % of physicists and astronomers are women ;  33.8 % of environmental engineers are women ;  22.7 % of chemical engineers are women ;  17.5 % of civil , architectural , and sanitary engineers are women ;  17.1 % of industrial engineers are women ;  10.7 % of electrical or computer hardware engineers are women ;  and 7.9 % of mechanical engineers are women . 
  https://ngcproject.org/statistics even if women are naturally less inclined towards these jobs , the current stats are pretty abysmal and could certainly be improved if people just started treating girls and boys more equally . 
  edit : also , the situations are different between poland and the us . 
  as much shit i give poland for being homophobic and xenophobic , they 're certainly more equal between the genders than the us is . 
  here , the patriarchy is alive and well and lots of times women are still seen as straight up property in some regions and classes . 
  there 's a lot more . 
  if you had bothered to actually read any of the list you would see that . 
  you asked for examples and i gave you a very long list . 
  at this point , you 're just being willfully ignorant . 
  here 's an article from a feminist discussing boys and the education achievement gap . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lori-day/why-boys-are-failing-in-a_b_884262.html you said you 'd be interested in something like this , no ? 
  i got it from that list i linked to earlier . 
  edit : swapped out the link for a different article , first one was n't terribly interesting . 
  both were from the list though . 
  edit 2 : she ends the article by saying  meeting the learning needs of all of our children is a lofty yet imperative goal . 
  ** we must join together to nurture and celebrate what it is to be female and what it is to be male and the very essence and value of the difference ** . 
  after all , boys will be boys . 
  i guess that 's because she wants men to be more like women , huh ? 
  no , it really was n't . 
  how is bringing up that men are victims of sexual abuse too wanting men to be more like women ? 
  how is saying that we should stop male circumcisions wanting men to be more like women ? 
  how is opposing a draft , or saying that women should also be drafted , wanting men to be more like women ? 
  how is wanting men to kill themselves less wanting men to be more like women ? 
  ( i guess if women kill themselves less then this is one is true ) how is wanting fairer custody rulings wanting men to be more like women ? 
  because that 's the kind of thing that 's on the list i linked . 
   well , yes , but that does not make it any less real . 
  kids got to eat , you know ? 
  what does having to eat have to do with how men are raised or their mental health ? 
  my point was that teaching boys they have to be the sole provider at a time when that is less and less possible , coupled with bad coping strategies ( i.e. 
  none ) for stress and mental health , are going to result in poorer mental health among men , and might be why they end up killing themselves more often . 
  `` kids got to eat '' is n't a response to that . 
   i think men are more represented at the extremes of the intelligence scale , more stupid men , and more genius men . 
  because few women exhibit the type of almost obsessive and isolated behaviour that male kids get around their early teens regarding whatever interests them . 
  do you believe women have better communication skills than men ? 
  are you basing this on any sort of science or data ? 
  or are you just saying this because it `` feels right '' to you ? 
  right now all you 've done is make an unsubstantiated claim . 
  i personally have known plenty of nerdy and obsessive women . 
  and what does being nerdy and obsessive have to do with genius or stupidity ? 
  it sounds like you 're trying real hard to come up with answers that reflect your worldview more than reality . 
  you 've also changed the subject again . 
  women do n't go into specific careers because they 're more or less suited for them , they go into specific careers because that 's what they 're encouraged to do . 
  women are fully capable of being engineers , doctors , or working in dangerous jobs . 
  but they 're more often told they ca n't , or should n't , so they do n't . 
  therefore , the fact that more men die in work related accidents is not proof that feminism is unnecessary or wrong . 
   yes , in general crime , they assuredly are . 
  are they more affected by domestic violence ? 
  arguable . 
  [ 1 ] if 40 % are men , that means 60 % are women , which is 50 % more women being the victims of domestic violence than men . 
  that 's not arguable , that 's pretty clear , and this is from your own source . 
   so , i was asking about feminists taking on men 's issues . 
  what you gave me was a list of feminist views on men , and men 's behaviour towards women . 
  those are n't men 's issues , but what some women think should be . 
  when is the last time you saw feminists asking people to donate to prostate cancer research ? 
  address rising suicide rates among men ? 
  that is what we mean by mens ' issues . 
  you clearly glanced at it and closed it right away without even scrolling through it . 
  what i gave you was a list of articles and legislation covering a wide variety of topics , including suicide rates . 
  you just did n't see it because you did n't actually look at any of it . 
  there 's nothing in there about prostate health , sure , but it does cover suicide rates and mental health , male circumcisions , paternity leave , military drafts , custody , sentencing disparity , and a few other things . 
  i suggest you look at it again and at least scroll to the very bottom this time . 
  and feminism does n't concern itself with health issues in general ( outside of reproductive rights ) . 
  not a lot of feminists talk about breast or ovarian cancer either . 
   no , there has been a huge amount of study on this , and it is really based in men who feel they are not doing a good job of providing . 
  and why do men feel they need to be `` providers '' in the first place ? 
  that 's entirely cultural , aka : related to how they 're raised . 
   no , most western countries have laws against that . 
  turns out not that many women choose to enter dangerous occupations . 
  because laws are always followed and nobody ever breaks them , right ? 
  this also has less to do with laws and more to do with how girls are raised and what they 're told they can and ca n't do . 
  do you think women are less intelligent than men ? 
  if not , why are there fewer women in stem fields ? 
  i 'm not saying women are going to rush out to do dangerous jobs if they were suddenly told they can do anything they want , but bringing up job accidents as a reason why feminism is n't needed is shortsighted and missing the point entirely . 
   `` effected ? '', 
  no , it 's `` affected . '', 
  if you have trouble remembering which to use , remember that effects are things that affect people .
