  the business and leadership culture might not change overnight but new laws would certainly empower those within ukraine that actually want change . 
  throwing our hands up in defeat and giving up on ukraine is exactly what russia wants to happen and exactly what we need to avoid . 
  it was still a very insightful piece nonetheless . 
  yea , but this is almost certainly a dead end with a lot of potential for environmental devastation . 
  poland would be better served pursuing renewables . 
  shale gas is n't all it 's cracked up to be . 
  the extraction rates jump in the first year but then quickly fall off , meaning that in order to maintain production growth you have to constantly add wells . 
  on top of that they often leak , poison water supplies , and release large amounts of methane . 
  even here in the u.s. it is n't living up to expectations and the uptick in american production due to shale oil is expected to evaporate within a few more years . 
  in poland it may very well be a waste of resources to even try this kind of strategy . 
  people downvote you because you have some kind of strange fascination with russia and are completely dismissive of any comments that point out all the bad they 've done or highlight their aggression towards former soviet states . 
  you 're just a russophile with zero respect for the cultures and people they 've trampled over the past few centuries . 
  it has nothing to do with you being an american . 
  i get more upvotes in / r/europe than just about any other sub i participate in , and i 've been sporting american flair since the moment i subscribed . 
  would it be possible to have multiple flags or some kind of half & half option for those of us that were born in one country but now live in another ? 
  i go with american flair because that 's where i currently live but i was born in poland and still travel there whenever i can and keep up with my family and polish news as much as possible . 
  i very much feel like a ** polish ** - american ( or even european-american sometimes ) and would like it if my flair represented that perspective . 
  i ca n't be the only one either , especially given the borderless nature of modern europe . 
  drives poles living here nuts too . 
  i actually spent two months interning for a polish organization in washington dc , and this was the only thing we worked on or cared about . 
  it has a rather large diaspora , with an estimated 20 million living in the us , with chicago and nyc having the highest concentrations . 
  it is also the only eu member that does n't have a visa treaty with the us . 
  i would n't . 
  poor people here are barely considered human . 
  generally i 'm more interested in germany , but it would be easier to integrate into english society . 
  it really comes down to how quickly i could learn german . 
  americans make excellent beer these days . 
  they 're derivative of the english tradition though and generally tend to prefer the more bitter/hoppier beers . 
  i never did . 
  in fact , i specifically said that it feels like i 'm missing something . 
  and we had no representation and huge taxes levied on just about everything ( not just tea ) . 
  you guys do have representation and the poll tax is gone . 
  having a differing opinion to your fellow countrymen is hardly the same as being an exploited colony . 
  that was a completely different situation in a completely different time period . 
  there 's really no comparing the two as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i too feel like i must be missing something . 
  just the other day i was thinking that scots seem to have a long history of being unnecessarily rebellious . 
  ok , so maybe it 's not skinheads starting flame wars on the internet . 
  but i still do n't think poland is immune to the whole pro gay marriage/union tide that 's washing over western nations right now . 
  the truth is that this issue simply has n't even been discussed or explored much yet . 
  sure the church is strongly opposed , and they currently have enough power to prevent this from happening , but is poland going to somehow be the only country to avoid secularization ? 
  all i 'm saying is that i expect the same forces to come into play in poland that came into play in other countries . 
  i do n't think they ever need to achieve a majority just to bring about civil unions/gay marriages . 
  with enough discussion ( and a little pressure from other eu countries ) , it should be pretty easy to convince enough people to support this . 
  most of the arguments against it are pretty weak and just plain reactionary . 
  i 've met a lot of nationalist skinhead types , which i assume are the same guys writing that stuff on the internet . 
  yea , they 're bad , but they make up a much smaller percentage of young people than the racist grannies do old people . 
  poland might take a while to come around , but i do think it eventually will . 
  iirc , there is ( was ? ), 
  a transgendered mp and growing gay pride parades . 
  i ca n't wait til all the umbrella wielding grannies die off from old age and we can be done with this sort of thing in poland . 
  i know that sounds terrible , but you guys should meet some of these ladies . 
  they 're some of the worst people in the world , my own grandmother included . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  that man is my hero . 
  well if you still do i recommend you ask him about texan identity . 
  obviously not everyone will buy into it , but as a whole it is quite strong and quite unique . 
  as a northeasterner i would say i have more in common with canadians than i do texans . 
  better yet , go lurk on / r/texas and see for yourself . 
  as it so happens , today seems to be texas independence day , which i did n't even know was a thing . 
  though i 'm not surprised they have their own holidays . 
  what are basing your claims on ? 
  they absolutely do not `` assimilate well . '', 
  have you ever even met a texan before ? 
  if you 're comparing texas to other southern states then they share a lot of things in common , but if you 're comparing them to other regions in the us the difference is stark . 
  originally you brought up california , which is nothing like texas at all . 
  southerners attend different churches than the rest of the us and they attend in greater numbers . 
  they do hold different values and have their own philosophies as well as a unique history . 
  they also have their own musical traditions and favor different genres from the rest of the country . 
  of the things you mentioned , the only thing they have in common with other states is language , and even there they have a unique accent and there 's a number of places in the south with dialects that are nearly incomprehensible to most americans . 
  it does n't seem like you actually know very much at all about the us if you really believe it 's that homogenous . 
  and more than anything else , i would argue that the strength of any particular identity is dictated by the group itself and measured by their willingness to assimilate into other cultures . 
  you bring up germans , but they 're very pro `` europe '' overall and being a nationalist and taking pride in their ethnicity is strongly looked down upon , whereas texans are pretty fanatical and even fascist when it comes to upholding and reinforcing their identity . 
  texans would emphatically disagree . 
  and who decides the strength of an identity if not the group itself ? 
  i 'm sorry but you 're wrong about the texas/california thing . 
  texas is very different from the rest of the union and they consider people from other states to basically be foreigners . 
  i do n't mean any disrespect , and i 'm not looking for a debate on the topic , but their independent streak and unique identity as texans is well established and widely known in the united states . 
  it 's a source of pride for them and one of their favorite talking points . 
  they 're the only state allowed to fly their own flag at the same height as the us one . 
  you could not have chosen a worse example . 
  that plane should not have been in turkish airspace at all , not even for one second . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the jet had turned its transponder off and was n't responding to the warnings . 
  they did n't know who they were and they did n't know what they were doing there , and the safest option in that scenario is to just shoot it down . 
  you do n't just let unidentified fighter jets violate your airspace , especially when you border a conflict zone . 
  the point is you have no idea what 's going on in that situation and decisions need to be made . 
  what if isis had bought some warplanes and was launching an attack ? 
  do you just wait and see what they do ? 
  no , you eliminate the potential threat before it becomes an issue . 
  that 's not how these things work at all . 
  you do n't give unidentified fighter jets the benefit of a doubt and just let them violate sovereign airspace , especially if there 's an ongoing conflict on your border . 
  you stay on your side of the line or you get shot down . 
  russia ( and anyone else for that matter ) would have done the exact same thing if roles were reversed . 
  if you have no idea who the jet is or what they 're carrying then you have to prioritize the safety of your citizens and infrastructure over a potential diplomatic spat . 
  america is quickly heading in the opposite direction . 
  we already have a few completely legal weed states , and a number of states will join them after the next elections . 
  the drug war here is definitely winding down and changing priorities . 
  the dea has even been defunded in the last few years . 
  at this point , we 're more likely to force europe to legalize marijuana so that we can export our weed to you .
