well maybe you 'd prefer calling it ` ethnicism ' then , but the belief of superiority is indeed still there . 
  you might disagree with this , but the reason that i feel like hating whole groups of people is bad , is because achieves nothing and usually just hurts others . 
  you do n't actually know whether 99 % of gypsies steal , maybe you 've even had perfectly fine interactions with some and because of your ideas about gypsies not really realized they were a gypsie . 
  yet you still apply the hate to all gypsies , and this is dangerous because that hate may eventually develop into things like ` gypsies are not allowed into this shop because they steal ' , which would affect * all * gypsies , not just the ` bad ' ones . 
  furthermore , why would you put effort into hating whole groups when you could also let it go and give your heart some peace ? 
  besides , just because you do n't hate someone and do n't treat them differently , does n't mean you have to hang out with them all the time , either . 
  you can ( and should ! ), 
  tolerate a group , but i ca n't force you to accept them . 
   two people have been found guilty on spreading racist and antisemitic comments on facebook [ 7 ] . 
  one of them has been sentenced to 6month of prison , the other to 1year of prison , but both on parole . 
  additionally , they are sentenced to a fine of 850 $ . 
  whoah , that 's pretty harsh for comments on facebook . 
  is the one guy saying that he found what hitler did good , or does it mean something else ? 
  anyway , i agree with the whole idea that sometimes it 's ok to limit freedoms if these freedoms are hurting others / limiting other people 's freedoms , but this seems a bit exaggerated . 
  particularly because loads of people say really stupid stuff on facebook . 
  how did they even find it out ? 
  did people report them or do the police just go through everyone 's facebook comments waiting for someone to say something racist ? 
  i do n't think you can call hate for a whole group of people ` natural ' : it 's not like we are born with hate , * you * are the one choosing to hate gypsies . 
  perhaps you had bad experiences that have led you to these emotions , but you 're still generalizing and applying that hate all by yourself to a whole group of people , most of which have never done anything to you . 
  and it 's ridiculous to say that the belief that one race of people is superior to another race does not exist in europe , there 's been loads of it in our history !, 
  edit : and if you think that viewing one whole group of people as lesser and hating them is ` natural ' , then clearly racism * does * belong to your culture , or at least to you . 
  i do n't think that they actually teach dutch geography in croatia though  ( or mexico , as the flair would suggest ), 
  maybe they interpreted the term ` region ' as that it could also mean just their province ? 
  but yeah , in total there are only two provinces with a capital of the same name : groningen ( in the north ) and utrecht ( in the middle of the country ) . 
  yeah , i was quite surprised when i read that . 
  i 'm a woman myself and i honestly do n't think that any of the topics talked about here are very male-specific , mostly just news and interesting pictures . 
  i actually expected this sub to be much more neutral since the topics are all very neutral , and in the comment sections i never notice that there are more males , nor do i feel like a ` minority ' or unwelcomed , unlike in some other parts of reddit . 
  so in the end i do n't think it has much to do with the topics being discussed ( although it 's entirely possible ) , but maybe more with the fact that reddit is not very widespread in europe ? 
  so it might be that the ones who already spend a lot of time on the internet are also the only ones likely to come across reddit , and males spend a lot more time on the internet in general . 
  but that 's also just based on stereotypes so i really do n't know either , i guess i do n't really have a better explanation . 
  not as pretty , but they also had something like this in [ deventer ] ( http://i.imgur.com/edicvpw.jpg ) , the netherlands , 
  do you use ` u ' a lot in flanders ? 
  because here you probably would n't refer to someone that you love as ` u ' . 
  maybe unless it 's a grandparent , although i do n't personally address them that way . 
  how would you address your wife in flanders ? 
  or your mother ? 
  we have such a weird way of saying ' i love you ' . 
  ' i hold of you ' ? 
  what is it even supposed to mean ? 
  i kinda like it though . 
  also , i always feel like ` ik houd van ... ' sounds a little more formal than ` ik hou van ' , or at least it 's lesser used where i 'm from . 
  although i think they 're both correct . 
  yep , i grew up there ( in drenthe ) and there 's still villages everywhere . 
  you do have marked ` stiltegebieden ' ( silent areas ) which are natural areas that are far enough from a road / anything that you generally ca n't hear any car sounds when you 're there , only cyclists and sound from nature . 
  but the fact that those areas are deemed special enough to be marked just goes to show how densely populated the country is . 
  heck , the population density of drenthe is still 186 people / square kilometre , whereas the population density of europe overall is only 72.9 people / square kilometre, 
  when it 's about basic topics , i would expect them to be able to understand quite a lot , as the two languages are really similar ( sharing a common ancestor ) . 
  however , they are definitely not mutually intelligible . 
  at least , i 've been learning german for more than three years and i still have trouble understanding everything , plus my speaking is really bad . 
  so i do n't think it is as easy as many people make it out to be , although maybe it 's easier for germans to understand dutch than vice versa . 
  or maybe i 'm just bad at languages , 
  thank you for putting the effort into making this list , and adding the descriptions !, 
  all of these look absolutely beautiful . 
  the castle in france looks like some kind of disney castle !, 
  and i love seeing all these old centers , 
  thank you , this is really cool !, 
  i feel like you get a much better impression of the city and the atmosphere than if it was just a picture . 
  and these are very relaxing to watch , too !, 
  although that one is indeed good for dutch feels , i always use this one if i ever want to feel patriotic ( for football mainly ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiqyvdv-emw it 's pretty repetitive , but good for getting pumped , 
  i really like this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnmxskfwflq it 's catchy !, 
  though what they sing is kinda nonsense . 
  i also like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2fcs-xs96y , though i normally do n't really listen to nick and simon . 
  this one is good as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5-2vyor1re , it always played in my childhood so i 'm kinda nostalgic when i hear it . 
  well , you need to look harder then !, 
  i eat it pretty much every week in the winter , 
  what !? 
  i love stamppot !, 
  and hutspot and boerenkool : mmmmmhhhh . 
  people always look at me weird when i say that dutch ` cuisine ' is my favourite cuisine , but it * actually * is . 
  whenever i have any combination of potatoes , vegetables and meat on my plate , my first reaction is always to start mashing it . 
  yeah , i guess it 's more a matter of opinion . 
  i also feel it depends a little on your previous experiences , since if you 're not used to towering mountains and rugged landscape then it might be easier to appreciate a ` boring ' forest or meadow for example . 
  i 've personally definitely had some ' wow ' moments here , though not all related to nature . 
  of course i 'm not denying that nature in the netherlands is very boring and little compared to countries like norway , new zealand or iceland , i just think that it is not the ' * most * boring country ' in terms of sights , * especially * if you count things other than just nature . 
  of course , it 's your opinion so you 're not really wrong  i 'm sorry to hear that you have not been able to enjoy it very much , and i 'm glad that you 've been able to at least find some ` gezelligheid ' here :d, 
  i kind of disagree , i do n't think it is a boring country at all . 
  it is true that , due to the high population density , there is relatively little actual nature . 
  also , * everything * is planned out : every single forest in the netherlands has been planted and it 's hard to find wild nature . 
  however , i do n't think that this means that there 's nothing ' special ' or beautiful about it . 
  on the contrary : since everything is planned , there is almost always a recreational / nature area nearby . 
  they are always really accessible and it is a joy to cycle through them due to the good quality of infrastructure laid down in them . 
  and even though the netherlands is much much smaller than a country like argentina , you 'll still find forest , heather , beaches , sanddunes , hills , mudflats , peat bogs , moors , lakes , rivers and beautiful gardens / flower fields . 
  mountains are n't everything . 
  plus , what i find special about the netherlands is that there 's * always * a body of water nearby . 
  we have our rivers , lakes , polders , grachten , canals , sloten and plenty of other dutch names for bodies of water which you do n't have in english running through the country , and they really make the landscape quite recognizably * dutch * . 
  then , if you include things other than just mountains or whatever into ` sights ' , your claim becomes kinda ridiculous.the netherlands has a very rich history , leaving us with things ranging from beautiful old buildings to 5500 year old hunebedden . 
  then there 's also of course the more modern buildings , plenty of great museums , the deltaworks , the dikes and many other things which i personally think are not a ' boring ' sight . 
  plus , there 's always something to do . 
  i 've lived in the middle east where you maybe had a festival once a year but in the netherlands it seems like there 's always some kind of event going on and something fun to do . 
  anyway , sorry for the long rant . 
  obviously it all depends on taste and , being from argentina , i can imagine that you 're used to quite some impressive sights . 
  i just wanted to make sure that you 've actually given the country a chance . 
  haha , well yes i am definitely aware that there 's anti-russian propaganda as well , which is why i wanted to be careful with assuming the worst here . 
  on the other hand , as you said it seems to be a bit more subtle here and i really do n't think a show like that would go without critique in western europe , as its fairly obviously propaganda . 
  thanks . 
  i guess i just thought , i should probably know what is going on exactly before i start hating , but this does make it seem quite bad . 
  thank you !, 
  that does sound like some pretty strong propaganda . 
  it seemed like a pretty big show , too . 
  i wonder what the occasion was , as it would be pretty bad if these kinds of shows are very common .
