  yes i believe they feel pain too . 
  but i also believe , that we have protect ourselves . 
  if a bug is poisonous or venomous , i 'm not taking any chances - think wasps or something like that . 
  also if a bug is likely to infest and spread quickly , there is no other choice , because sooner or later that would n't be good for me or anyone else in the house . 
  like moths who can quickly infest an open container or bag or ants , because when they come in , it 's hard to get them out . 
  now if the bug is harmless , i tend to take them outside . 
  think spiders , ladybugs , bees , cockroaches , even those smelly bugs if you know how to handle them . 
  ha , you said artist - that 's a good one . 
  that 's just because once you shot your lady , i know you caught her messing up with another man but you did n't have to shoot her down , down to the ground . 
  that 's why i mentioned all three categories of bugs i have thus encountered in my home . 
  the ones that can harm me , i will kill if i feel sufficiently threatened , even if they feel pain i do n't care , survival comes first . 
  the ones that quickly infest your home , also kill them as you probably do n't want a whole house of let 's say ants . 
  even though they are just trying to live their lives and make a home in well your home . . but other animals are territorial too and would attack another animal for existing in their habitat . 
  now if someone has a phobia of bugs , i would understand the no tolerance , let 's kill them as phobias are irrational . 
  but if someone kills them only because they think they are ugly/gross or something . . that i have a problem with . 
  you do n't kill a living being just because it does n't appeal to what you deem aesthetic . 
  so if you do n't want to share your living space with a creature like that , i do n't think it 's too much to ask , to just take the animal outside . 
  would you kill a dog/cat that would enter your home by mistake ( let 's say you left the door open ) and would not be aggressive towards you ? 
  i do n't think it is moral to do so . 
  any living being holds the potential to harm others for whatever reason . 
  and you ca n't really tell if something will or will not harm you , at least not 100 % . 
  does that justify killing anything then ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but that is just my opinion . 
  does someone cheering you on help you poop ? 
  opeth - still life album, 
  it 's the one i know the least as opeth have a lot of discography and i want to get to know it better , impressed so far . 
  music . 
  the happening - something would have happened at least . 
  you ca n't see the character but it actually is there , you ca n't explain that . 
  moldy eye and tendon are best imo , 
  i mean the ending in tendon just gets me laughing so much . 
  adagio in d minor ( sunshine ost ) and kick-ass, 
  but do you want it or need it ? 
  advent, 
  reverie/harlequin forest, 
  by the pain i see in others, 
  yes it is , even though the song that really got me into opeth was the grand conjuration . 
  one of the first songs i heard . 
  a great start as well . 
  i find most of their discography great . 
  i mean from the doom/black starts to death/clean intermediate and now clean but still with a dark tone . 
  i do however find that most weaker songs are the new ones , i miss the nice/diabolical dynamic . 
  it feels like steven wilson has influenced mikael a bit too much . 
  i mean it really shows when they started to collaborate and it 's not a bad thing . 
  i just find a lot of similarities between heritage/pale communion and steven wilson 's solo albums . 
  i do n't want them to be too similar . 
  but they do both make great music . 
  can you describe this selective retardation concept ? 
  one let 's them go roaming around the room and they get under an object ( like a cupboard ) - good like getting them out of there if you are in a hurry . 
  whenever they are nervous they poop/piss , our vet is thrilled when they poop on her hand . 
  getting them to trust you is hard and some of them bite if handled wrong - one of them has poor depth perception and he bites you if you approach him in a wrong way . 
  the most frustrating is - short life span . 
  one of three has died this year and he was only one year old . 
  the other two will hopefully live at least another year , two if we are lucky . 
  can you guess the animal ? 
  so you have to train against jet fuel melting you . 
  learn how to program better , just botched a project that introduced a few new concepts i have yet to master . 
  learn how to play guitar better - songs are waiting in line , so hard to choose only one . 
  yes , i do n't care if a t-rex eats me , that would still be a tremendous sight . 
  thank mr. skeltal while you 're there for good calcium and strong bones . 
  i wanted to be a soldier when i was little . 
  i still ca n't believe how naive i was . 
  i had so much to learn about the world and now i know that i do n't want to be a soldier if i can help it . 
  and i have nothing against soldiers , it 's just that i am not the type of a person that could function as a soldier . 
  i do like being outside and camping , will try airsoft this year and i am very excited about it . 
  but when the guns get real , i 'm out . 
  well if it was top five it would have been there . 
  these three are my favourite to play . 
  indeed . 
  the only acceptable answer . 
  that would be an interesting bunch to have as a pet :d, 
  if you really see the movie , not really a cliffhanger , more open to interpretation , at least in my opinion . 
  i do agree it could be viewed as a cliffhanger . 
  also john lithgow as the bad guy if my memory server me well . 
  so hilarious . 
  as long as cat is n't stuck to dick , you are fine . 
  while you 're at it why do n't you also divide by zero ? 
  oh right , forgot about him . 
  i see you prefer multiplication to division . 
  yeah camel are pretty awesome . 
  if you like opeth past heritage i suggest king crimson . 
  be'lakor and ne obliviscaris are a bit in this vein - being progressive and mixing acoustic and metal riffs . 
  steven wilson/porcupine tree - mikael and steven collaborate a lot with making albums . 
  storm corrosion is an album they made together - no metal there however , but it 's not bad . 
  i would also recommend devin townsend ( and all his bands ) , tool and cynic . 
  well i never really knew him , but i know exactly where he is buried so he gets a candle again this year . 
  it 's something , right ? 
  you almost got me killed twice and my jaw ... hurts like hell . 
  sean connery : good . 
  it 's not a tumahh !, 
  i remember that show . . watched it as a kid and loved it . 
  watched it last year . . meh , a few good jokes , mostly crap . 
  but his laughter is too hilarious for me to not like him . 
  i found this one terrifying on a psychological level , whereas ramsey just wanted his slab back . 
  what is beautiful about it ? 
  they get too much attention in my opinion . 
  yeah the problem i find with most series not just got is that for the first few seasons they develop the characters ( first three usually ) . 
  then things start to revolve around the action not about the characters , which is a real problem with got as martin still tells the story from the point of view of different characters . 
  then if the show survives the 4th and 5th season of hell ( sometimes 6 - like dexter ) , then they start making radical changes because too much has happened but the characters remained the same .
