  but it still was a very good transfer to the movie medium . 
  interesting , first time hearing/reading raper . 
  then again , english is n't my first language . 
  #the burden of hospitality is too great for rolf !, 
  lovecraft , aleister crowley and arthur c. clarke . 
  together we would set out to sail on a dark journey . 
  melanie safka - ruby tuesday . 
  i ca n't feel my toes ... 
  i do n't have any toes !, 
  i need a hug ... 
  i mean that 's what donkey says . 
  but i 'm not saying no to a virtual hug !, 
  so thanks . 
  this would be so much easier if i was n't color blind !, 
  to be fair , alcohol is n't bad . 
  it 's our abuse of it that is too often glamorized . 
  well how else is our hero going to get the girl he needs to have , so the plot is complete ? 
  sounds like kanye to me . 
  just so i can imagine this , what is the size of a small aardvark ? 
  well to be fair , i disliked her a bit too . 
  at the beginning , because i saw her as the spoil sport . 
  with her talking pillow and all that crap . 
  but i could appreciate her concern . 
  walt started with lying to her about working in that cleaning shop after he quit . 
  then he did n't want treatment for his cancer after she got him the best care she could . 
  then started hiding things from her , i mean i think it 's natural to start losing your trust as she did . 
  from then on , while skylar has also made mistakes , i think walt was the worse one . 
  i could n't root for him any more . 
  how is biggus ? 
  what did you find so annoying about her ? 
  he is supposed to be obnoxious . 
  if you ca n't stand him , then he achieved his goal . 
  why ca n't you stand him ? 
  i watched 3rd rock from the sun first and he is hilarious in that one . 
  i thought he did well in seinfeld too . 
  because whenever one drinks alcohol he has to drink uncontrollably ? 
  or can we drink in moderation and not fuck up our bodies ? 
  my question was meant in a sarcastic tone . 
  i was trying to point out the regular hero gets girl by any means necessary trope . 
  i do agree with you , that is the solution . 
  i do n't know , i liked skyler at that point , but the pillow bugged me . 
  how ? 
  wow , sounds interetsing . 
  thanks for the recomendation . 
  well now i know everything . 
  bob kelso insano ? 
  sounds like a name that would suit him . 
  well if you go overboard anything can be bad , a little alcohol at dinner or lunch or whatever . . does n't really hurt you . 
  i mean you could make the same case for coffee or even juice ( with all the sugar ... ) . 
  i 'm not saying it 's completely harmless , but it 's not any more destructive than most of the things we decide to put into our bodies . 
  yes , that i agree with you . 
  i always get strange looks when i decline alcohol . 
  even if i 'm driving . 
  people tend to say , a little wo n't hurt you or it 's not enough that the cops could do anything . . nah man i want to be completely sober . 
  i never saw the beauty of getting wasted , while drinking a bit on say a festival or at a concert is really ok . 
  but getting drunk every weekend is definitely not . 
  and the giant panda is also fluffy !!!, 
  best hug ever !, 
  please provide proof that the opposite is true , otherwise i will assume that nothing proven goes both ways . 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  edit : also thanks , / u/schnabelmax for the link you provided . 
  fair enough . 
  he has a wife you know ( i thought it was you !!, 
  great in reality maybe . 
  in the context of the show he was a character meant to be hated . 
   if you have n't read the road yet , try to skip my reply . 
   it 's all right . 
  this has been a long time coming . 
  now it 's here . 
  keep going south . 
  do everything the way we did . 
   you 're going to be okay , papa . 
  you have to be . 
   no i 'm not . 
  keep the gun with you at all times . 
  you need to find the good guys but you cant take any chances . 
   no chances . 
  do you hear ? 
   i want to be with you . 
   you ca n't . 
   please . 
   you ca n't . 
  you have to carry the fire . 
   i do n't know how to . 
   yes you do . 
   is it real ? 
  the fire ? 
   yes it is . 
   where is it ? 
  i do n't know where it is . 
   yes you do . 
  it 's inside you . 
  it was always there . 
  i can see it . 
   just take me with you . 
  please . 
   please , papa . 
  i ca n't hold my son dead in my arms . 
  i thought i coud but i ca n't . 
   you said you would n't ever leave me .
