  but being an acrobat and strong , he climbed up an got them . 
  now for some reason there was also a stone that said that he wants her to be independent ( something i feel is a pre-requisite for a relationship ) . 
  but in the mean time one of the other boys got flowers that were lower and not as beautiful , but she went with him and the `` main '' character was said and went home . 
  but when he got home he saw what he knew was her , with a melted face , which shaped into her face but older and with an evil grin . 
  he killed her with a knife and left . 
  second : again starts with leaving home - this time a gun in hand and running because it 's a war zone . 
  also this time it 's in first person - maybe because i play a lot of fps games . 
  making his way towards the same girl , he/i killed a few people and when i found her , i knew i had to protect her , but there were some soldiers coming and we destroyed their way of transport ( do n't remember this part well ) but they had to go on on foot . 
  so we hid in a building and were completely still with eyes closed so they would think we are dead . 
  but they got us - their boss was saying something and they killed us . 
  third : same with leaving home and again into a war zone in fps mode . 
  no girl this time - had her in mind , but she was n't there . 
  i hid in a container that was wobbling like a pendulum and then fell down . 
  then a military humvee found me , but i had a fifty calibre machine gun just like it is on a humvee , so i asked the driver something about some keys - i do n't recall but it distracted them and i killed them . 
  that was when i woke up and had to go to work . 
  my subconscious mind is insane apparently . 
  edit : the disturbing parts were the depictions of the deaths and the overall melancholy of every situation . 
  it was all very graphic and i had the feeling of impeding doom and i felt helpless as every scenario ended badly . 
  i woke up with the thought : `` why try , we are all doomed anyway '' . 
  i always carry a book with me . 
  bring a flash light and you 're good to go . 
  you exist because we allow it and you will end because we demand it . 
  my attacks will tear you apart :p, 
  edit : but i do understand that they point out pain as a weakness . 
  harbinger taunts shepard as in : i am a timeless machine , i feel nothing but you already feel physical pain , which is the most primitive form of torture . 
  that is true , yeah :d, 
  do n't you just have to wait an hour after eating ? 
  well hell is the absence of god . 
  so anyone of another religion/cult or someone who is an atheist falls under that . 
  not originally . 
  i consider it pretty much the same with one big difference . 
  in old testament the rules were specific : do x you will get y punishment . 
  in the new testament the rules are abstract , for example the number one rule is : love your neighbour as you love yourself - or something to that effect . 
  but love can be interpreted in mdclxvi different ways . 
  it 's like saying do what 's right . . how do you know what to do ? 
  so you have the power , but if you see that you made a mistake - which is bound to happen - admit it to yourself and repent , become a better person . 
  it 's like judging by progress and not by the mistake alone . 
  if there is no progress - you 're doomed . 
  yes , exactly , sorry i misunderstood . 
  and here i thought it was sheogorath . 
  facebook is what you make it , who forces you to add those people to your facebook friends ? 
  or if you do n't want to unfriend them , you can always limit them so they do n't show up on your news feed . 
  i agree that people would always find a something to complain about . 
  and yes , finally someone said who cares . . everyone i was talking to , was completely on the brink because of the series . 
  i just get the feeling that many people take this too seriously . 
  it 's a goddamn show with fictional characters , if you would take your life so seriously maybe you would n't care about a fucking show . 
  but the quality went down and that is something to notice . 
  it got rushed . 
  maybe it was a bit ambitious at the start and now it 's hard to incorporate all the twists and all the events that happen in the book . 
  and i do n't care as i take the series and the books as different entities - it 's a completely different medium anyway . 
  but the quality is worse even if you look at the show by itself . 
  disregard the books and just look at the show . 
  some characters are visibly motivated as a plot device i.e. 
  ramsay and sansa , stannis and his whole let 's take 20 men to attack winterfell . 
  and brienne really just fails all the time and that is her plot device . 
  it 's predictable and you can see it does n't have much more depth than , i will do x just so someone else or me can do y. 
  it 's like having a map with possible routes and you know what lies at the destination . 
  that would make an interesting story . 
  ok , i 'm going , i 'm going , there 's no need for pitchforks !, 
  i disagree . 
  but that is a problem with tv shows , once they develop a character to a certain point , then the basis for narration shifts to events instead of characters . 
  that is a major problem in the simpsons for example . 
  and it 's easier in books to intertwine events and character growth through internal monologue . 
  but that is hard to do in series/movies , without the viewer getting the feeling that the events are rushed . 
  if all internal monologue would be in the series , we would have 20 parts per season for about an hour and the pacing would be slow , which does n't work for tv . 
  you forgot a few extra e 's and a 's . 
  hahaha , there would be no physical contact in that fight . 
  why not satin satan undies ? 
  august burns red - beauty in tragedy . 
  so how is it in there ? 
  i 'm 25 and besides samurai jack i also like to have a marathon of courage the cowardly dog every now and then . 
  i always crack up when jack meets the scottish man . 
  to abuse reddit . 
  my book shelf , it contains books i like and by that you can safely assume a lot of things about me . 
  that depends on the translations . 
  a lot of their songs have wordplay and if you do n't translate phrases , you can get a ridiculous translation . 
  as to the songs they remade in english i agree with u/aap13 . 
  is that not a style of dance/music ? 
  like saying marconi plays the salsa . 
  easy , the programs you use as apps usually come with a desktop version so you do n't have to use apps . 
  i know it 's a bit of extra work searching for it , but it 's worth it . 
  as for the start menu , it 's better for me - if you clean it up and make categories it 's very useful . 
  also if you know what you are looking for you just press the windows button and start typing the name of the app/program . 
  i upgraded to 8.1 and it 's useful to me . 
  the only problem i have is video game compatibility sometimes . 
  that is not something you can fix . 
  i really really like windows 8 and 8.1 . 
  something like that , maybe add my cd , video game and dvd collection to that as well . 
  because the mediums are different , you may figure out more . 
  bethoveen - moonlight sonata . 
  goes from sad to happy to just fucking chaos . 
  cry or masturbate , never both at the same time . 
  time travel back into the past and kick myself in the fucking head . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  just if i wanted to do that for a living i should have never quit when i was little and did n't know the benefits of it . 
  oh well you live , you learn - it 's my hobby now and something i keep for myself and it keeps me sane , so not a complete failure , 
  would n't work as edward norton 's motivation to becoming a nazi is hatred for minorities and i do n't really know how a nazi movement would take in a black person . 
  edit : yeah i get it now , it was a joke ... whooosh i guess :d, 
  i 've just about had it with these gosh-darned snakes on this gosh-darned plane . 
  ha , samuel l. jackson arguing with himself over feet massages and why the hell did he shoot that guy in the car ( marvin ?
