  or a combination of a norm and your idea/representation of it . 
  one can be rational about some things and irrational about others , that 's the beauty of being human . 
  you do n't have to be only emotional or only rational - we can do both . 
  no one said you have to always think like that . 
  but in life there really are no rules if you do n't want there to be any . 
  that is decided upon by the individual - how far he/she goes in this kind of behaviour . 
  `` women who point out that those that explain the joke '', 
  they all contain a spooky skeleton within their skin . 
  the neverhood . 
  what is pariscoping ? 
  on porpoise . 
  more like orgrimmar . 
  i 'm curious enough to try it . 
  just to see that random number attributed to my knowledge of math and language . 
  sure , i 'll just grab the portal . 
  but keep your filthy alliance in check !, 
  pizza , but each day a different topping . 
  that way you can still get a lot of variety in your diet . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  people do that in cars ? 
  let 's film me driving or something ? 
  shit if people would see me when i drive alone , i might have to go to a mental institution . 
  well i can take a mensa test that is available once a year and takes place at the college i graduated from . 
  it 's 20-25 $ for students . 
  more for adults , does n't specify how much . 
  i subscribed to their mailing list to get notifications when i can go through with it , if curiosity gets better of me . 
  how different is it from the normal hammer ? 
  there is no wrong side , if there is just one side - the road was very narrow . 
  i do n't care , it 's brilliant . 
  but there are circumstances when i can understand why it 's done . 
  if someone is really emotional - but that is under some extreme conditions . 
  i 'm on an rp server , so it is n't a problem really . 
  no , but even if there was someone there , no need for pvp if you don ' really want to . 
  well if it helps , my ears notice you . 
  crab people , crab people , crab people , crab people . 
  not to mention genetic mutations that have the potential to make you better physically and mentally or make you worse - like mentally of physically handicapped . 
  well you are n't wrong . 
  those eggs in my fridge are n't going to last much longer . 
  i can relate . 
  my mom said to me once : `` life does n't just stop because people die . '', 
  it was a few hours after i learned about their deaths . 
  granted we were n't that close , but two people whom i knew and associated with occasionally , died - we would always have a good time too . 
  i was so mad when she said that to me . 
  edit : removed a comma . 
  i break into songs at home , think tom cruise style . 
  only when i am alone of course . 
  wrong leve ^ ( eeeeeee ) ^ ( eeeeee ) ^ ( eeeeeer ! ), 
  * why do we even have that lever ? 
  fixed it . 
  every person that died was alive at some point in their life . 
  stop living people , it 's dangerous !, 
  i read ill lick your ass and got confused there for a moment . 
  that 's one busy husband she has . 
  i do n't understand how marriage changes things so much . 
  i mean , i have n't given it much thought . 
  but i often hear what you just wrote . 
  ) ) close your parentheses !, 
  but i smell with my nose . 
  if they are french and you set it to german , does the computer give up ? 
  that 's the joke . 
  the two crazy people are her boss and his girlfriend . 
  a list of the people who check if they are on a list you say ? 
  you took it out of context . 
  quote should n't be cut off at the first comma . 
  that we should get rid of isis before getting rid of assad . 
  that the sequence is important as getting rid of assad before getting rid of isis could make things worse . 
  i mean , that 's what i got from it , i could be wrong . 
  you do n't have to let go of the anger , you have a right to be angry and i think it 's a very appropriate response . 
  just do n't be angry at all muslims or all syrians or all ... you get the point . 
  but being angry about what happened is an appropriate response . 
  and if that anger motivates you to fuck up isis 's plans - all the better . 
  misdirected anger is the problem . 
  what 's so difficult about the second level ? 
  just roar at monkeys - job done . 
  i found that three levels were really hard . 
  the stampede - 4th level , , you could only make two/three mistakes and it kind of throws a lot of stuff at you . 
  be prepared - 8th level - where there are a lot of enemies/traps and the ending is just weird , i never knew what i had to do there . 
  forgot the title - 9th level . 
  if you got lost in those caves you had to go all over again and the hyenas respawned , but the power-ups did n't . 
  so there was a lot of trial and error in that one . 
  i ended up shooting him too , but waaaay later in the game . 
  the very first thing in the room ? 
  but that 's easy . 
  just got ta jump on their heads . 
  episode 1 : stop !, 
  edit : hope you 're ok . 
  mytochondria is cancer is cell , such is life . 
  i 've just concluded that i am pretty much deaf , i did n't hear the distortion . 
  not only your personal safety . 
  everyone in the car is in danger if someone does this . 
  if someone does this to me they would probably get tossed out of the car . 
  maybe as a bonus include a kick or a punch . 
  i mean , how can someone be that stupid is beyond me . 
  that would be an instant deal breaker for me . 
  i mean it shows not thinking about others and not thinking about consequences at all . 
  i do n't need that kind of a partner . 
  you should have punched him in his giggling face . 
  that would annoy me . 
  when i 'm driving , i get to control the car . 
  she can change the music and the air conditioning , but all the rest is up to me .
