  i mean that 's what memetics is all about - an idea replicator in the new host . 
  with a few differences - he acts `` cool '' and arrogant , like a damaged genius trope that is popular and while he does have a team , he seems like a bro . 
  while macgyver was awkward , could n't fight for shit ( i mean he punches one guy and breaks his own wrist ) , but he was smart . 
  maybe a smartass every now and then , but in a richard dean anderson way , not smug . 
  also filled with stereotypes regarding the rest of his team . 
  that 's what i took from the trailer and i 'm sure i wo n't be watching it anytime soon . 
  yes , that 's why they do it better for my taste . 
  it 's relatively normal situations with not so normal people . 
  i guess most british humour works that way . 
  black adder , monty python , the peep show , coupling , my family ... 
  while american humour works more on goofy characters . 
  the office is a good example uk vs. 
  i enjoy them both , but us has a lot more romance , stretched out story lines and people make more references to pop culture and are far more outrageous in their behaviour . 
  while in uk it 's a bit more awkward and darker , because the setting is more realistic and the characters are believable . 
  there are references still , but far less than in american sitcoms . 
  me neither , enough of it always makes me lie down for up to a week . 
  i have another question that i forgot to cover in my previous response . 
  what is the range on them chickens ? 
  i 'm thinking of visiting markarth you see and it 's built in a way that i would probably need more than one . 
  chicken cluster bombs , i like the way your mind works . 
  chickens sound like a determined way of travel - you can pretty much set them up the way you want to fly . 
  but giants ... sure you could go for the general direction , but where you fall is pretty much random . 
  do you think that it would help if the player would be bigger in scale ? 
  maybe would n't fly as far ... but at about half the size of the giant , you would still be blasted away . 
  you gave me a good idea for an experiment . 
  because i have a mod that lets you change a bunch of things in character creation and one of them is scale . 
  i set it to 1.15 and now i am the largest nord in skyrim . 
  it was fun killing spiders that way , they were so teeny . 
  well to me personally , videos are better than pictures . 
  maybe if one would do a search for gifs , that would work . 
  hm , i have n't really explored the console beyond set carry weight and add item . 
  but that would be hilarious . 
  a tiny giant sending you into orbit . 
  that would be a great way to fuck up someone 's game . 
  set all giants to 0.1 scale . 
  you would never see them , just randomly fly up in the air . 
  how come your penis is n't a line ? 
  also for markarth ... giant exploding chicken cluster bombs . 
  or just one giant and a bunch of little ones as actual clusters . 
  i have been neglecting illusion . . thanks for the tip . 
  well yes , that was my point . 
  not enabling someone does n't mean you do n't love them . 
  not helping them do something bad still does n't mean that you do n't love them . 
  it 's the acceptance that does and the will to still remain in their life despite what they have done . 
  hm , this sounds good . 
  still a lot of work to do i guess . 
  i wonder if i ever get to be op with magic . 
  because going out of your comfort zone is something that is ok to do ? 
  i mean i want to discover new things and i can form an opinion about anything , even if i am not the target audience . 
  i disagree . 
  if you went to her show and complain about a bad evening , yeah that would be rather stupid . 
  but checking it out and forming an opinion about it is n't wrong . 
  and stating your opinion is n't wrong either . 
  i also feel that his am i not merciful ? 
  speech was very well done . 
  it made me pity him for a moment , instead of just hating him . 
  i mean he was a little shit for the whole of the movie - killing his father and all . 
  but all the time he made mistakes and he knew it . 
  the people loved maximus and in this case he showed a yearning to be recognised and appreciated . 
  even though he has n't done anything for the people - just have them bread and games . 
  in longer terms , under his rule , the people would have been fucked . 
  not to mention his own father seeking another candidate as his heir , instead of his own son . 
  now i understand why he did that , but that speech really shows his despair . 
  he wanted an easy fix , quick recognition , while maximus and marcus aurelius worked hard to be where they were . 
  commodus was like the kid who tries too hard to fit in , but with power . 
  no matter how hard he tried , he just could n't get what he wanted . 
  would you have sat by and watched your cancer ridden partner do that ? 
  and his son looking up to him , would surely not end up even remotely in the same place ? 
  or maybe your in law being a dea agent ... 
  i mean walter created a very dangerous situation when he started cooking . 
  then it all just got potentially more and more dangerous with each season . 
  what else could she have done ? 
  just straight up leave him ? 
  yes that is true . 
  also the faces he makes during the gladiator games . 
  shows him disgusted , but he is enjoying it . 
  well to be fair the instrumentals are n't exactly easy listening . 
  not even the acoustic beginning . 
  it 's sad right off the bat . 
  at least from my point of view . 
  not trying to offend you or anything , but did you think that a song called raining blood by a band called slayer would be nice ? 
  or did you just not consider that it would bother you that much , given your religious beliefs ? 
  porcupine tree - most of the album called in absentia . 
  they still sound good to me , dark lyrics do n't really bother me . 
  all are kapitalist in disguise , use of forbidden letter , to the gulag komrades !, 
  i agree . 
  the game play is very good and i also did like the new things they brought to the table as in voiced speech for the player and the whole building thing . 
  but for me the trade off was too much . 
  so much less dialogue for the player ( probably a consequence on the fact that it was voiced not just written this time ) , but you do n't get a choice any more . 
  you can be an ass , but you still have to do said thing . 
  the other thing that bothered me was the story . 
  and i do n't mind it that much when things are starting to get heated you get to know all the factions and so on . 
  but the `` twist '' was very obvious and in the end what you do does n't really matter in the sense that i never felt rewarded or punished based on my choices . 
  there does n't have to be a karma system , but losing the choice between being a good person or a complete douchebag is what made the game feel very bland . 
  like skyrim . 
  if you consciously choose to be something bad ( vampire , thief , werewolf ... ) , the guards will just say a line they were given . 
  if i recall correctly in oblivion if you were a vampire and your hunger progressed far enough , people actually started to fear and resent you . 
  not just the guards ... everyone . 
  until you ate and then it was ok . 
  to sum up ...
