  i like the dialogue and music in tarantino 's movies in general , that 's what really makes them good for me . 
  edit : i get it , it 's not your style . 
  but hype is overdone for everything any way . 
  how does 2001 a space odyssey not make sense ? 
  i felt it was much better than wolf of wall street . 
  that one seemed like a wank fest . 
  first of all , you got his motivation wrong . 
  second , that 's how most superheroes/villains are created . 
  they had to go through something . 
  it 's taking the story out of context . 
  do n't expect rationalism from irrational characters . 
  the tobey maguire one or the newest iteration ? 
  well not every movie is for everyone . 
  why would you get flamed for expressing that ? 
  almost as much as this stupid joke does . 
  why not ? 
  you can go one step further and play spec ops : the line . 
  it has the atmosphere and you are interactive , even though you do n't get to decide much , it makes the point of the book very well . 
  fair enough . 
  well taking certain art literally does n't make sense either . 
  when people at a public function preface their answer with : `` i wo n't take too much time explaining this . '', 
  that 's usually a queue for someone saying the same thing about ten times and taking a really long time to explain it . 
  edit : cue instead of queue , i 'm stupid . 
  lizard man , lizard man and lizard man . 
  oh my god saints row . 
  i was so excited when i saw that they included opeth on the third one . 
  i just drove around town for the whole 9 minutes of the song . 
  the neverhood . 
  more lie shittyaskreligion . 
  / r/enlightenedbirdmen, 
  what a lovely day for a prank , fellow human . 
  it 's been too long since i played skyrim it seems . 
  too long , q should be half cut and look like this : c , and one ue should be removed . 
  also i am dumb . 
  stop right there criminal scum , you violated ... my mother !, 
  you liar !, 
  i was expecting an actual lizard laying eggs or something . 
  son , i am dissapoint . 
  what about happy , since you made me laugh ? 
  i feel that the same could be said for harlequin forest . 
  that song is just amazing . 
  bob dylan - jokerman . 
  the lyrics , his voice and all the instruments combined together are just brilliant to me . 
   other people need you . 
  i do n't want people to need me . 
  i would prefer people wanting me . 
  i hope that makes sense . 
  i do agree with your point that death leaves a hole that never heals . 
  i guess i get a pass for cursing . 
  being that i am an affliction warlock . 
  but i think i would travel with my mount and visit all the hills , caves and cities i can . 
  just take in the scenery . 
  i could live like that for a long time . 
  to be fair the play this song please and the do n't let this person in can be justified . 
  i mean if someone deeply connected with music dies and it happens to be whatever genre - i would n't find it inappropriate . 
  especially if it is their wish . 
  not allowing some people entry , can make things more tasteful ... especially after reading this thread . 
  the rest ... well that 's just fucked up . 
  i would n't mind some decapitated - like human 's dust or anaal nathrakh - todos somos humanos . 
  the message fits perfectly and the atmosphere is the kind i really enjoy in songs . 
  most people would n't like it though . 
  that people around me treat me in a special way because i 'm annoying , fragile , not as smart as i 'm being told etc. 
  i still have a bit of the truman show paranoia in me . 
  i 've had vuja de . 
  if kharakter die we maek of realism and kill aktor too . 
  swallow gum and patch up the holes caused by lack of food . 
  problem solved . 
  why would you not be allowed to swim to the bottom ? 
  could you get stuck in the vent or something ? 
  the occasional feeling of not having a care in the world . 
  now a lot of people want something from me and i 'm well on my way to telling everyone to just fuck off . 
   i never turn the volume up too high on headphones , so that i can be aware of my environment . 
  holy shit , when i walk i usually have music loud enough to not hear most things and the irony is , i got robbed once ... while not wearing headphones . 
  i mean , i can understand that it already causes a scene , since you do n't just full on arrest a person but first you tell them they are not allowed entry and i do n't think that anyone reacts well to that . 
  i mean imagine that you are not allowed to attend a funeral . 
  i would be pissed . 
  but if a little scene like that prevents an even bigger scene then it 's worth it . 
  i ask because no one ever mentioned that at our community pool . 
  we could swim wherever we wanted and i do n't recall anyone talking about anal suction being pleasant . 
  did n't see any intestines or dead bodies either . 
  maybe the vents were industrial and left no trace . 
  and also if you see someone making a turn and going slow or stopping to check the street if you want to let them know that they can go flash them with your lights . 
  works best if you are in a van . 
  they 'll know that you are a caring person and have seen the road with your xray fucking vision while i do n't need to see apparently you stupid asshole !, 
  ( not you op the guy that flashes obviously ) . 
  i tend to start slowing down slowly . 
  i do n't want to deal with your shit when a deer jumps on the street and you crash into me from behind . 
  no charity . 
  go directly to the people in need , you do n't have to look far . 
  with $ 1 million one can do a lot for a lot of people . 
  thanks , i will check it out . 
  the mediocre adventures of a boring person . 
  i like the atmosphere . 
  i do n't care about the danger . 
  someone who talks so much that they do n't even let me speak . 
  especially if i 'm trying to tell them something . 
  i do n't have a problem listening . 
  but if someone accuses you of something and you are trying to respond , but they cut you off each time , that gets me very angry , very fast . 
  watch your wrist . 
  also say goodbye to your fingertips for the first 3 weeks .
