  the first two subs are hilarious . 
  jet fuel dank memes steel beams and meltiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing . 
  no film ruined a book as they are completely different entities . 
  i do n't associate it with a memory of an event but anathema - distant satellites always reminds me of people that died . 
  the part : caught you as i floated by/you 're just a distant satellite relates to me as you were in my life for a while but now you are gone . 
  i even imagine them as little moons - celestial bodies that float around in my memory . 
  yeah it 's very bright humour , not dark at all . 
  those damn pyramids and mammoths . 
  i 'm going to start doing that . 
  see how people react . 
  even the sorry is too much . 
  i do n't drink should be enough . 
  i do n't owe you an explanation . 
  but then the : `` come on just one drink '' shit starts . 
  that 's how i know i 'm not in the right company . 
  this obsession with celebrities is present everywhere and it sucks . 
  ^ ( a human female ? ), 
  well that level of mistrust would drive me to finding a new wife . 
  but would probably have a divorce , before starting something with someone new . 
  snap out of it , it 's easy , just look at the positive side of life . 
  i 'm not depressed , but i would n't say that even to a person that is just sad , let alone someone who has depression . 
  or any other mental illness for that matter . 
  it 's like saying calm down , after you killed someone 's child . 
  fuel, 
  ah the old / r/relationship adviceroo . 
  well i agree with this partially . 
  but to modify it to my meaning it would have to be : `` survival is more important than happiness . '', 
  and in this world that also means steady money . 
  i would love to do what makes me happy , but there is n't a lot of money in it . 
  not here . 
  so sometimes you have to make what makes you unhappy or not really happy in order to survive . 
  so a mix of both , i would say . 
  things do n't always just work out . 
  do n't hurt me, 
  marketing . 
  not just , but marketing played a big role . 
  a book that takes something that 's a bit taboo ( bdsm in this case ) but described it in a tame way with a lot of references and `` edgy '' expressions so that all the prudes that would condemn bdsm , liked it . 
  then you get three groups : one who loves it and talks about it , another that hates it and they talk about it and those who read it a bit , decided they do n't give a shit and went to read quality books . 
  and basically that 's what sells . 
  if you know your market , you can really sell anything . 
  but you also have to pick a target demographic - in this case by my experience suburban middle aged women with a boring sex life . 
  a lot of couples do n't talk about the kinks/fetishes they have , so it was an easy target . 
  as for the writing quality goes . . throw in references to popular culture and you 're good . 
  even if it 's a piece of shit . 
  why they made a movie out of that piece of shit ? 
  because the book sold well and a lot of people do n't want to read or are curious how they are going to show the `` raunchy '' scenes - profit again . 
  it all boils down to supply and demand and if you can create demand - you 've won . 
  not really an analysis - just my opinion . 
  i have no background in economics , just observing society . 
  and you mentioned a group i missed ( maybe due to age ) , teenage girls . 
  also logical for them to find appeal in something like that . 
  especially if they do n't read a lot . 
  what if the antennae would sprout out of your scrotum and it would look like you have a boner ? 
  i fully support wifi on demand though . 
  i enjoyed your shitty drawing . 
  completely agree . 
  current 93 - judas as black moth, 
  my relationships actually . 
  had to learn somewhere . 
  what makes me value my relationship ? 
  honesty , trust , feeling safe , pleasure , fun . 
  if we both have that , that 's the best value a relationship can have . 
  for the moment relationships are for me , i do enjoy being with my girlfriend . 
  but before that i was a loner and sometimes i miss that life . 
  you have more freedom as a loner , less responsibilities . 
  but in the end i enjoy this relationship too much to just give it up . 
  that would be painful . 
  i saw it a few times , but is it really that bad ? 
  i do n't lurk that often , but have seen some advice and the first comment reminded me of some things i read there . 
  maybe for a while . 
  but not all women are crazy . 
  but every dice has six sides :p, 
  all joking aside , yeah i understand the problem . 
  it 's never both people that are involved that contribute to the topic , so you get a one sided story . 
  i wonder what would happen if the other spouse would see that and reply . 
  i got him by the balls !, 
  that 's a good metaphor , i must remember this one . 
  hi , i 'm commander shepard and this is now my favourite store on the citadel . 
  but seriously an event like that is only a good thing for the store . 
  i see this more as a win than a fuck up really . 
  good show , op . 
  so is a hijab like a microsoft version of google glass , but instead of the small surface of the glass you get a big touch screen that you wear ? 
  seriously technology has gone too far . 
  why do n't you also divide by zero while you are at it ? 
  probably break a few arms and dicks too . 
  add the new tool album already on windows 10 while you are at it . 
  my dad 's side of the family . 
  oh and my dad too . 
  and that my child is how a new breed of men was born - the off hand men . 
  a girl that emotionally blackmailed me . 
  a lot of trust issues . 
  but it 's getting better . 
  self reliance , by more or less not being there . 
  not their fault though . 
  devin townsend , i 'm sure he has a lot of interesting ideas . 
  playing and writing music helps . 
  just sitting around listening to music also helps . 
  a good talk with a person i can trust . 
  if i can fall asleep that helps sometimes too , helps cool me down if i am too nervous . 
  hope you are doing fine and are asking this just out of interest .
