  visual studio . 
  that 's the funniest irony , when monitoring software hogs most of the resources . 
  that 's oddly specific . 
  haha , i can understand that . 
  doom is going to do that for me . 
  or maybe i 'll get a console to play it . 
  instructions unclear , trash cans stuck in baby . 
  yes , that makes a lot of sense . 
  that 's why it 's a secondary option . 
  i 'll see the specs and then decide as to what i 'm going to do . 
  well i 'll wait and see . 
  i never buy games immediately after they come out . 
  so that i can see reviews and ask people about the experience . 
  for example : arkham knight is something i would definitely own on a console and not on a pc , if i would have bought it at release . 
  i mean what they did to that game on pc was just horrid . 
  so as you said - if the game will be as bethesda 's recent ones - console , else pc . 
  just fine is not a term i would use to describe a girl during that time of the month . 
  if you do n't mind reading books , i suggest the last guardian by jeff grub , which mostly focuses on lothar , khadgar and medivh . 
  for the horde 's side of the story i would suggest rise of the horde by christie golden - it also explains the origins of the legion and corrupted eredar . 
  but those are two books at least 300 pages long . 
  not a quick review . 
  why not eat salsa while you dance salsa , so you can salsa while you eat salsa . 
  that 's when i usually complain about complaining about facebook on facebook . 
  it 's funny to see the reactions sometimes . 
  how are you doing now ? 
  well yeah of course you get annoyed , when you have to clean the mess for the nth time . 
  but i think the sick person is even more annoyed that they are sick again . 
  what is it you do n't like about these two very similar games ? 
  why did you stop condemned ? 
  by setting up a stereo that plays shit music , but it also does n't play it well ( skips , bad reception , distortion etc. ) . 
  just to see them being upset about not being able to properly listen to music , they did n't want to hear in the first place . 
  the mystery of the haunted ass hole !, 
  number 6 is missing !, 
  what is the secret step ? 
  yes , i can understand that . 
  what you call weird shit , i think of more as inside jokes . 
  others do n't have to understand these actions . 
  because seven eight six . 
  yes i have tried it once , but never again . 
  the opposite of sex . 
  not reverse , opposite . 
  sex = creating new life ( biologically looking ) . 
  opposite is ? 
  no , but i do wonder how you came to that from the hint i gave ? 
  first one is right . 
  ah , yeah no i meant exactly the opposite . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  pretty sure it was the romans that overused it . 
  haha you get to the pearly gates and st. peter looks at your life ... sees you were a good man/woman . 
  but that one time you made a joke about jesus , blaming him for rendering crucifixions useless . 
  down to the pit you go . 
  * pulls lever * ^ ( wrong leveeeeeeeeeeeeer ! ), 
  yeah it freaked me out . 
  i was playing it for i think three days . 
  but i only played this game , until i finished it . 
  was n't the sequel console exclusive ? 
  never got to play that one ... do they wrap up the story in a good way ? 
  i 'm the opposite . 
  i 'm so interested in the story , that the first time round i do almost nothing else but the main story ( a few side quests but not a lot ) . 
  that led to a very bad ending in me3 for me . 
  the second time round , i usually want to do everything . 
  like 100 % , but give up somewhere in the middle for a while and then pick the game up again where i left off . 
  i play in short bursts . 
  that goes for mostly bethesda games - morrowind onward . 
  do you feel like that with all fps games ? 
  because it did n't feel too different for me . 
  definitely had a creepy atmosphere and some disgusting content though . 
  pretty much any instrument when used correctly gets my attention . 
  i just love music . 
  understandable , what kind of games do you like ? 
  go away with your filthy logic i 'm trying to make a joke here !, 
  but yeah technically you are correct . 
  unless he has more than two levers . 
  i have played oblivion as well . 
  while it 's true i did n't invest nearly the same amount of time in skyrim as i did oblivion . 
  i still did n't shut it off in five minutes . 
  went through all the guilds , main story line and daedric quests in skyrim as i was interested in how they handled it . 
  preferred oblivion though - it was sillier ( shivering isles especially ) . 
  while fallout is a different beast for me . 
  after playing 1 and 2 , i liked that they put in in 3d . 
  but yeah what you said about the npc 's is pretty much true . 
  my mind was n't blown , but i would n't shut the games off too soon either . 
  some jokes rely on logic being absent . 
  but if your reference is strong enough ( in this case emperor 's new groove ) and enough people know it , logic is n't a necessity . 
  even the original joke does n't include logic . 
  but it is consistent . 
  no problem . 
  i 'm in a relationship too , so i can relate . 
  it 's good to read that you are better . 
  you also seem like a strong person being able to be on allright terms with your mother , i do n't think i could do that in your situation . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm asking too much . . but how does stopping your periods help your fertility ? 
  if you do n't want to answer you do n't have to , i 'm just curious . 
  i wish all the best to you . 
  and arnold would be the awkward husband . 
  sort of like junior but the roles exchanged . 
  no no you 're doing it all wrong . 
  redditors of reddit , how come you do n't reddit on reddit ? 
  / triple ~ ~ drat ~ ~ thread, 
  she 's already fucked up . 
  i was in the middle of a war zone and it was just too real .
