  that i grew up without a father and it still affects me . 
  it 's a real downer when i meet someone and they ask me about it . 
  would leave a bad memory about the first date . 
  i also do n't really want to tell too much . 
  you know like you meet someone and they just tell you private and serious stuff like that ? 
  it 's a red flag . 
  opeth - the grand conjuration ( short version it was on tv ) . 
  once i heard and saw the long version it blew my mind . 
  i think it was 46 & 2 for me . 
  or something off of aenema . 
  i know i started with that album and then worked my way back to their early stuff . 
  then went on to lateralus and 10,000 days . 
  depends . 
  at a copy place it can be dangerous . 
  i got the autorun virus on my usb a while ago . 
  and while my computer did n't react since it 's not vulnerable any more , my usb was carrying the virus around . 
  i did clean it up and lost no files , but those kind of things should not happen . 
  r\u00e6men . 
  i found a trick for this . 
  input the time - set it for a minute more than necessary . 
  stay there while the microwave is working or if you 're planning to defrost something that takes more than 10 minutes watch the time and come back a minute early . 
  then when it 's just about done , stop the nuking process and voila , no beeping sound . 
  it may not work for all microwaves but it surely works on mine . 
  edit : i should elaborate - there is a button you press for it to stop , do n't just yank the door open . 
  maybe the son was the mistake . 
  so would it count as cannibalism if someone ate the flesh of a brain dead human ? 
  while surely not every vegan/vegetarian is n't like that , a few definitely are and those are usually called hypocrites . 
  maybe their own perverted abuse of the religion . 
  as is with most radical organisations . 
  well the flat earth society should be aware that what goes around , comes around . 
  i know right that 's religion 101 , what a dunce . 
  i 'm totally going to start referring to eggs as chicken periods . 
   he was just some dumb black guy, 
  what do you mean some dumb black guy ? 
  i mean he was a specialist in shrimp and a good cook judging by the dialogue . 
  so he was a bit deformed and talked weird , that does n't make him dumb , sounded like a hard working guy . 
  or if you meant by that , that he was n't all that important in forrest 's life , i disagree . 
  they were inseparable through training and then on the field , right until he died . 
  if i 'm not mistaken forrest saved everyone , because he was looking for bubba . 
  he was n't just some guy to forrest . 
  edit : sorry , my brain farted and the last piece of the sentence went up in smoke . 
  well that was true for the both of them . 
  and me , reading comprehension skills core failed . 
  eating at night is serious business . 
  this uplifting fact has turned into a very sad one . 
  i may be wrong , but is n't the fact that you show your teeth the reason why smiling translates to a threat with other animals ? 
  this is very uplifting , but keeping this in mind everyday and seeing so many people willingly ignorant is infuriating at the least . 
  you have n't missed that much in my opinion . 
  so shrek 5 is going to be something like and the shreks keep coming they do n't stop coming ? 
  i do n't think it 's victims of parental abuse . 
  but they have to make everyone of them flawed , because they are always seeking better fortune . 
  well eddy is , edd is the brain and ed is the muscle . 
  i mean ed is an animal and he could do a lot with the basement , but he does n't . 
  you know like clean it up for a bit , not to mention his fridge experiments . 
  edd - well given that he is the smart one , i always thought his parents were some scientists and were very busy all the time . 
  or maybe they just needed an excuse for not showing anyone 's parents . 
  eddy - well older brothers are frequently looked up to . 
  as a youngest child , parents often throw their actions in my face as in - take the older sibling as an example - but only in situations where they were better . 
  i see that very often , would n't call it abuse . 
  i mean your theory is valid , but i have my own that i prefer . 
  i have to watch this cartoon again if only for rolf 's insane yelling . 
  did n't the architect say that he is the eventuality of an anomaly ? 
  as in the exceptions that do n't follow the equation - was probably born that way . 
  i mean the way smith takes over bane ... could have been done to neo at birth or at some point in his life , but he was n't aware of it . 
  like gathering all the anomalies in one place for easier control . 
  and it 's the anomalies in the matrix that make him superman . 
  and once smith gets a piece of his code , he runs out of control too - gains the ability to replicate himself . 
  only after neo goes to the source does he get the super powers in the real world . 
  i guess because he made contact with the source or something ? 
  not six layers , six iterations . 
  they do n't exist at the same time . 
  what ? 
  when ? 
  yeah you are right . 
  the architect mentions that this is going to be the seventh time when the matrix gets rebooted . 
  like any computer - you have to format it every now and then . 
  maybe that 's why they start kicking at a certain time and what we thought is cute , is actually terrifying to them . 
  oh right ... but i do n't think he just absorbed it . 
  i mean the yellowish kind of colour is usually present representing the connection between neo and the machines . 
  like with bane/smith it is introduced - he can see him and when he kills him the colour disappears . 
  same way he navigates through the machine city . 
  i mean the ship does n't appear damaged and i did n't take that scene too literally - felt more like a connection rather than absorption . 
  maybe he tapped into his mind and figured out that they should go above . 
  or maybe it was accidental , he is guessing what to do all the time any way . 
  that is just my perception of the scene . 
  maybe your theory is right . 
  that 's an interesting thought . 
  well do you see me eating mice ? 
  i am a great magician . 
  your clothes are red !, 
  quiet maurice !, 
  ca n't you see you have insulted the freak ? 
  do n't even have to ignore the sequels . 
  they are both such different movies , that i would say both . 
  i mean how can one compare a dark comedy with a gritty war movie ? 
  epic fail . 
  h. p. lovecraft . 
  i want to hear some creepy stuff . 
  actually - use the signal before you even brake . 
  some people break then turn on the signal and then turn .
