  oh and happy cake day . 
  for bacooooon !, 
  because it 's a tie between know your enemy and settle for nothing . 
  yes , i love the fact that they have n't lost their dark atmosphere , even though they changed their style about two/three times now . 
  obscura - anticosmic overload, 
  not everyone poops during sex . 
  saying that offends me and is racist against other ass zits . 
  all zits are equal and they are all beautiful , do n't you dare discriminate !, 
  i disagree with the german sounds angry . 
  it is a rough language that fits the style , but not all their songs are angry . 
  they have quite a few sad songs , like : seeman , mutter , rosenrot , ohne dich , nebel , fruhling im paris , klavier . 
  find the antidote as kronk probably misplaced the poison for me , the one meant to kill me , my poison , then pull the wrong lever and find the antidote at ysma 's , hoping kronk does n't magically arrive there before me . 
  them spinach puffs though . 
  that would be one hell of a signature . 
  just walk on home , boy . 
  i ca n't decide between a longer or shorter life span . 
  nah ... i probably would n't like anything that would have the quantity in the infinite territory . 
  but a longer life span - so i could achieve more of what i want , about 10000 years ought to do it - my body would age slower of course , so it does n't degrade and all . 
  on the other hand , i would see multiple generations die and would have to make new friends/family in each generation , if i would n't want to be alone of course and that is kind of a curse . 
  so that 's why maybe a shorter life span would be better . 
  hard to choose . 
  so what there are two kinds of people :, 
  those who do poop during sex, 
  filthy liars, 
  did i get that correctly ? 
  * i 'm sure there is a lenny face somewhere *, 
  edit : formatting, 
  decapitated - blessed, 
  beard/moustache - every two weeks . 
  `` private '' parts/armpits - every two to three months . 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
  chicken ? 
  chicken ? 
  hopefully i will teach them to think for themselves , even if that means defying me - which happens sooner or later anyway . 
  something my mom does n't really like . 
  but i understand she was raising three kids on her own , so i hope to have at least half of her strength , if i ever choose to have kids . 
  i do n't trust anything without question . 
  questioning everything is my way of dealing with the world . 
  sometimes i do n't even trust myself without question . 
  and i think self reflection is a good way to ask what i could have done differently or better/worse . 
  of course i do n't question everything to the point of paranoia . 
  depends on the emotion :, 
  happy :, 
  screaming trees : sworn and broken , i just find it uplifting , even if the lyrics are n't meant to be so . 
  death - spirit crusher , those riffs just make me happy, 
  obscura , necrophagist - mostly the whole discography . 
  sad/melancholic :, 
  katatonia - brave murder day album . 
  one of the best lyrics about loss . 
  opeth - most of their discography , depends on the song , some songs make me feel happy/motivated . 
  angry/letting off steam :, 
  polish death metal like vader , decapitated , behemoth ... 
  cheryl ? 
  before i was born . 
  so how is your celibacy going ? 
  i agree with what you said and would just like to point out , that idolizing someone is also dehumanization in my opinion . 
  because every human is flawed , idols in the abstract do n't have flaws or their flaws are ignored which in a sense dehumanizes them . 
  but still by accident ? 
  huh , what changed ? 
  yeah if i were myself at my job for instance , i would get fired in a couple of minutes . 
  i have no brain-farts , when my brain tries to fart it shits . 
  that went from dark to creepy pretty fast . 
  jokes are my coping mechanism . 
  i have only watched the movie , what was so bad about it ? 
  the book is waiting on my shelf for me to read it , but currently i am reading the warcraft series so it 's going to be a while before i start reading it . 
  i am curious as to how good the book is . 
  i might be kind of an asshole in this regard , but if a person is insulted that you blocked them/unfriended them , yet never write , message , call or try to contact in any other way - who cares ? 
  i had an experience with a girl who i talked a lot on msn when it was still popular , but then we all moved to facebook and i would write to her every now and then . 
  afterwards we lost contact and after a few years i unfriended her - only saw her once irl at a concert for about 30 minutes and never had much contact with her afterwards . 
  then after about 6 months when she realised that she was gone from my friends list , she got completely upset and wrote something like : `` i thought we were friends ... '', 
  i just ca n't understand that kind of attachment to someone you do n't even know . 
  well i am in the middle of a book at the moment so i am going to finish this one at least . 
  thank you for your opinion on dune . 
  have you played the games ? 
  are they in any sense connected to the books ? 
  that 's a tough situation , i mean it 's hard to say what i would do . 
  probably something similar , i do n't really know her side of the story . 
  but regarding the topic , yeah it 's a great example of how blocking someone on facebook messes them up . 
  every now and then i also `` clean up '' my facebook i.e. 
  remove people i have 0 contact with . 
  i mean , why add someone if you wo n't even talk to them in any way . 
  it 's always interesting to see the responses of some people . 
  not using turn signals . 
  even if it does n't affect me , when i see it , i get about three seconds of rage . 
  a sob story about my dead father . 
  not sure they would like us . 
  also happy cake day op . 
  be excellent to each other . 
  i can play deliverance by opeth on guitar . 
  was quite an achievement for me , shows a bit of progress in technique if nothing else . 
  buy a few guitars :, 
  another 6 string, 
  a 7 string, 
  and an 8 string . 
  buy a better amp and recording equipment . 
  practice , play and write music for about a year . 
  then try to form a band . 
  currently : post ( ? 
  ) organic by decapitated, 
  but did it melt dank memes ?
