  i was in exactly the same situation that got perhaps a bit too escalated in the end . 
  but i also hope they got help and are doing better . 
  songs too long for radio sadly . 
  but i would love to hear more of animals too . 
  my life . 
  used to feel sooo sorry for myself . 
  not any more . 
  all three . 
  if i am making a web page , i like to make sure it works well on as many browsers as possible . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't do that dave . 
  just not too much of rationalism . 
  feelings are not rational and also a very necessary part of a relationship . 
  coffee must always be present close enough to my working space . 
  edit : wrote something that would give away too much at first . 
  both parts of ziltoid the omniscient by devin townsend . 
  i was just telling my girlfriend yesterday that if that was the music in disney films , i would watch them . 
  of course . 
  but i meant that one should let him/herself be irrational too , for that is a part of being human . 
  ah , i understand now . 
  i could n't tell what you meant by being rational . 
  i do n't really find religion or spiritualism wrong . 
  as long as you do n't force it on me and you can accept me not being part of it . 
  yes , that 's what i meant - emotional response is sometimes ok and at that time you are irrational . 
  but reviewing the situation is almost a must if you wish to progress as a person . 
  sometimes letting your emotions rule your judgement . 
  op explained it very well . 
  i prefer a bit of conflict it gives me perspective outside of my own . 
  not a necessity though . 
  but that 's a completely subjective matter anyway . 
  i never did listen to the radio much . 
  when i was little there was a lot of mtv and viva - which is like a radio , just that there were music videos . 
  so i can tell you a bit about popular music in the past , but nowadays . . even in the car i have my own cd 's and just hear the traffic reports , when they interrupt my music . 
  same goes for t.v. , i ca n't remember the last movie i watched on t.v. 
  hit the bastard , divorce the child , abort the gym . 
  he ultimately helped his own people in war of the ancients . 
  he did fuck up when he created the second well of eternity . 
  but he was afraid of losing his magic . 
  i see him more as a magic junkie . 
  and in my eyes he has redeemed himself by being in a dungeon for 10000 years and also using the skull of gul ` dan with which he saved his people , but was banished from them forever . 
  ok in tft h e is acting on behalf of kill ` jaeden in exchange for magic . 
  there he was a villain . 
  the scottish play . 
  what is this weird tuning of yours ? 
  i 'm 185 cm , but height does n't really play a part with my confidence . 
  i ca n't shrink or stretch , so i do n't really care . 
  i think it 's a great album , but yeah it 's overrated . 
  everyone is talking about it as if it 's the one greatest album ever to exist . 
  it 's great , but there is so much different music out there , that one greatest album is impossible to determine . 
  older music in general as people tend to remember the good ones , but not the bad ones and then claim that music used to be good and now it is n't . 
  while not being bothered enough to check some new artists that make awesome music . 
  there was going to be a stargate sg-1 game , i think mmo . 
  but they cancelled it . 
  edit : i was wrong - not mmo . 
  and it was titled : stargate sg-1 : the alliance . 
  do they glow in the dark ? 
  serial killers can have or develop a mental defect . 
  people usually turn to drugs because they have a problem - can also be mental . 
  do n't tell me that politicians are n't at least a bit mental mostly ... 
  i agree , it even happens to sober people that they make a mistake and kill someone/themselves ... 
  but being drunk it 's like increasing the odds of that happening . 
  same goes with a quality chair at home for working on the computer and at the office . 
  i mean if you are sitting down for 8 hours a day , might as well be on a good chair . 
  dual wielding monitors . 
  what about pavlov and his dog ? 
  yeah that annoys me too . 
  but on the flip side , i hate it when people go to a concert and just talk through most of the set . 
  if you want to talk , go outside . 
  because some bands have quiet parts in their songs and all you can hear is them talking . 
  well yes , that was my point . 
  they should talk outside and save their money , rather than ruining everyone 's fun . 
  i would say op 's mom , but that 's hardly a secret . 
  in conservative/judgemental company . 
  people will not like you if you even try to understand something they condemn . 
  false , if he had truly stolen your heart , you would be dead by now . 
  sylvanas windrunner in christie golden 's : arthas book . 
  in the game she is a nuisance and has some bad dialogue . 
  in the book she is presented in a better way and then on in wow . 
  i can not see how keeping you cool is helping your heart condition . 
  or perhaps a shift in the sub/dom roles . 
  general who becomes a slave , a slave who becomes a gladiator and dares defy the emperor . 
  so basically dom , sub , dom on the end . 
  gives a whole new meaning to the line : smile for me now brother . 
  well yes i liked your scenario , just provided my own interpretation as well :d, 
  i find clubbed to death a good song too . 
  fits well with the matrix . 
  ne obliviscaris - portal of i. 
  agalloch - ashes against the grain . 
  opeth - deliverance . 
  i ai n't saying nothing . 
  to provide a different perspective - i like the taste of beer . 
  in fact i like it so much , that i will drink non-alcoholic beer every now and then , so i can still drive . 
  and i know it 's ok to drink a beer and drive according to the law , but i want 0.0 % of alcohol in my body when i drive . 
  with the right company it can become a fun activity . 
  you may be right , could also be a 5-string bass tuning . 
  some of them . 
  it also depends on how you drink them . 
  for example rumcola was just the right mix when i first tried it and i like the taste of it . 
  same with tequila , the salt and lemon thing really adds a good taste . 
  without that the taste is horrid . 
  some have said that cinnamon and oranges work too - have n't tried that yet .
