  i like devin townsend 's bands , because he ranges from angry to in love to just joking around . 
  this is a topic for long discussions at least for me as every band i named has good and bad lyrics , so it 's more of an album to album or even a song to song discussion . 
  but what if someone shuts down the computer ? 
  we 've known 42 for a long time now . 
  the neverhood - just the best game ever . 
  the death of one man is a tragedy , the death of millions is just a statistic . 
  - joseph stalin, 
  no story , only laughter . 
  song : shroud of distress - life underestimated, 
  video : he man singing what 's going on , i just ca n't help not laughing . 
  lady godiva riding the horse naked . 
  i ca n't relate , because he died too soon . 
  so i get to see his tombstone every now and then . 
  i have two questions though , you do n't have to answer if you do n't want to . 
  after how much time did you meet him and what was it like ? 
  i think that episode is about being happy vs being rich . 
  he traded what he liked to do most for money . 
  and yes jerry needs him , that 's why he keeps on bugging him . 
  sure they take it too far it 's a cartoon . 
  but i think tom enjoys the cat & mouse game as much as jerry does , as he says in the end : `` i 'm giving away a million dollars ... but i 'm happy . '', 
  and tom does n't really need that money , he has decent living conditions . 
  so i see it as a statement , that tom would n't trade what/whom he loves most for that extra money . . sure at first it seemed better to be something more , but he missed chasing jerry and jerry missed tom chasing him . 
  is n't the castle one of the unfinished ones the same as the trial and amerika ? 
  it is known . 
  the first in a line of proud onion kings . 
  i would like to add something to the ending . . cersei is heavily pregnant but with a child that would have a bigger claim to the throne than tommen , so he ends up suffocating her as they are making love and when cersei stops struggling all we see is tommen 's evil grin . 
  it 's grey and it says meshuggah - but i 'm already crazy . 
  what now ? 
  bulbasaur always left out . 
  well sooner or later something will go wrong with my health . 
  and since i ca n't see my internal organs , that is a problem i ca n't see . 
  and even the doctors ca n't see it , but it will happen eventually . 
  playing horror games on headphones . 
  i enjoy it , but if someone comes into the room and taps me on the shoulder i get terrified . 
  time , money , relations of the same kind with others and freedom . 
  sounds awful but it really is n't . 
  i am in a great relationship for six years now . 
  i like spending time with her , we spend more money together , since we live together and there are expenses , of course we do n't live in polygamy and we both gave up some of our freedom as we have to include each other in our decisions ( at least the big ones ) . 
  10/10 completely worth it . 
  15/10 with rice ( she makes an awesome rizzoto ) . 
  there was a girl in my elementary school with whom i would talk almost every day . 
  well at least three times a week if not more . 
  we both made it to the school a bit earlier . 
  sometimes a half an hour , other times less , depended on the day . 
  we could really talk about anything and she was very kind . 
  same thing went on until about the second half of second grade , then her family had some problems and they moved away . 
  never even got to say goodbye , they just left . 
  since then i rarely made it to school on time . 
  she was just about the only person i got along with . 
  she left an impression on me , because that was basically my first socializing experience that i had on my own . 
  we just randomly started talking and then after a time we really could talk about anything and i could tell her my secrets and vice versa . 
  but it all ended , i was mad for a while but then i got over it and life goes on . 
  playing guitar . 
  me too , or just slowly losing my sanity horrifies me as well . 
  can i then avoid the baby pooping on everything , pissing in my face stage by having a baby with about a three year younger female ? 
  just go straight to talking and walking , almost normally sleeping stage ? 
  that all depends on how much fucks you give for shit . 
  out of that you can calculate the ratio of fucks vs shits and get your answer . 
  yes it matters if they are metric or imperial . 
  imperial fucks are about three and ten quarters of a metric fuck . 
  thanks for the reply , i 'm just a bit worried , because they say that it will get hotter ( just found out ) , to up about 40 degrees outside . 
  now i do n't want them to be stranded in a hot place while i 'm at work or something . 
  what kind of temperatures would you say are still ok for rats ? 
  well we really had no choice now , since there is a fire a few houses from here and we have to keep the windows closed . . now they are in a room where it 's cooler but they will have to be a bit restricted to the cage for a while . 
  i do n't want to risk anything because of the smoke . 
  we have put a big tub into the cage and the cage itself is big , so they do n't have to be in a tight space . 
  will try the air cooling when they get back up here . 
  thanks for the advice , i really appreciate it . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i will try this . 
  thank you for the advice , this is such an everyday item , i 'm sure i can find some of those laying arond at home , 
  why not just take it a step further and shit on the floor of the elevator ? 
  but that would work only when there is up to three people in the elevator . 
  because if there is a lot of them they can justify doing nothing by thinking : `` no one else is doing anything , why should i ? '', 
  now if there are only two people beside you that 's a whole different story . 
  most of fight scenes in movies like the matrix ( all three ) or equilibrium or any kind of movie that has fast paced fights with music . 
  and i think that music plays a very crucial role in this as fights in movies are mostly dancing - choreographed movements that look like fighting , but the actors do n't really hurt each other . 
  and if done well ( chateau fight in matrix reloaded for example ) it can be art . 
  i also think that if you want a realistic fight instead of an artistic one , there should be no music at all ( children of men is a good example ) . 
  come to think of it also the part of children of men where [ clive owen carries the baby through the war zone and both sides stop fighting in awe . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  maybe shit with your pants on , people would see there is something lodged in your pants and the smell would be horrendous . 
  would make it truly awkward . 
  especially if you are slav squatting . 
  if i have time , read . 
  it 's a great way to wake me up . 
  if not , then get ready to go to work ( pee/poop , eat , shower ... ) and listen to music in the car - the other way of waking me up . 
  so i am awake and ready to work . 
  on weekends - read in bed , at least one chapter/story , depends on the book i am reading . 
  we screwed up our band . 
  since we had trouble with getting a singer , motivation was falling . 
  after that we would watch series at practice and not practice all that much . 
  i wish , i would have been a pain in the ass and motivate others . 
  but we just fell apart . 
  on the other hand i had time to find what i really want to play and write . 
  probably had inner ear problems . 
  same thing happened when i was playing sims 2 in elementary school . 
  my character was named reaper , cause i thought it would be funny to have an `` undead '' in a life simulator . 
  my sister thought that meant rapist and was completely shocked , while i laughed like a moron at her mistake , making the situation worse . 
  the great lord cthulu .
