  once the skin on them hardens you can play for a long time . 
  unless you increase the string gauge too much , then it 's pain time all over again . 
  add to that , that people might come to the event just out of spite and deliberately cause a scene , it should be contained as much as it can be . 
  well i do n't mind some obligations . 
  but i am at a place in my life where it 's all too much and i have to start saying no a lot more than i used to . 
  i guess you could shoot an arrow too . 
  but not what guitars are intended for . 
  heh , no problem . 
  i was just making fun . 
  is your hobby archery ? 
  edit : yes the picture is exactly how you could do it . 
  and in some cases you could fire up to twelve arrows at the same time . 
  true , but i would n't just dump it all on one person . 
  what have you written ? 
  i mean , did you publish anything ? 
  i would love to read something new . 
  i also remember elementary and high school . 
  it was n't really all that bad . 
  but as you said , i have to learn to put myself first . 
  not always , but when i need to . 
  fun part is , i always figure out that most things are n't worth stressing over that much . 
  but it 's a cycle . 
  not stressing too much    stressing more and more    boiling point and down again . 
  could you send me a link here on stick in a pm if you do n't want it public ? 
  or do n't if you do n't want to :d, 
  no thank you , i do n't need to make my worries exponentially bigger . 
  concerts is how i take my worries away , performing or being in the crowd . 
  soon there will be a few good ones . 
  i agree . 
  i just have to change quite a lot , but that takes time . 
  thanks , what do i win ? 
  exactly , i just have to put this into practice . 
  well it 's just been a rough couple of weeks that 's all . 
  there is alot of pressure at my job . 
  there is a lot of stuff at home , both families , mine and that of my gf constantly need help with something . 
  and it 's not like it 's once a week . 
  i feel some people are taking advantage . 
  you know , they need help for things that they could do themselves , but ca n't be bothered . 
  i do n't know , i just feel very overwhelmed . 
  just had to get something off my chest , that has been bothering me lately . 
  well at 14 i did n't feel that way . 
  sure not everything was perfect , far from it . 
  but i did n't have to take everything so seriously . 
  i guess it depends on the situation you are in . 
  but i 've just been overwhelmed lately . 
  that 's probably why i wrote this . 
  it will be better soon . 
  your guess would be correct . 
  yeah it 's just too many things lately . 
  and i have to learn how to deal with it - internally when under pressure and externally by stopping the source i.e. 
  those who do n't really need help . 
  well to be fair , i never really cared that much about homework . 
  figuring out what to do as an adult was easy for me and i accepted death early in life , since i had a lot of relatives die . 
  yeah the fuck someone died is never a good thing . 
  no matter if you are an adult or not . 
  i was n't trying to idolize my childhood , but i could just go away for a while and no one would look for me , since we lived close to a forest and i would often just go . 
  i think i should start doing that again . 
  no phone , no internet just go out . 
  but one has to learn how to deal with that . 
  it 's definitely not 100 % of the time , but still too often . 
  i guess i could use her as training . 
  maybe should n't have written everyone , but some people need to go and fuck right off . 
  that 's actually a good idea . 
  i will go for days first , then weeks and then maybe a month . 
  is your last name pavlov ? 
  tell me about yourself , father . 
  ca n't murder now , eating . 
  it would just be a matter of time . 
  i really liked all three . 
  sure the first one was revolutionary , but the other two were filmed much later and i do really like where the story went . 
  if we 're talking about jim carrey at his best , i might add the son of the mask and ace ventura jr. to the list . 
  that 's easy , just install java . 
  i can remember little unimportant things for no reason . 
  it 's not like i plan to do that , it just stays in my head . 
  well to be fair , subjectively all recent struggles are the worst ones , since we kind of tend to forget the old when we are in the heat of the moment . 
  but objectively , i would say high school . 
  not because of school or anything . 
  had some good and some bad teachers as is expected . 
  same with schoolmates . 
  i had problems with myself and a girl that i could say emotionally abused me . 
  but then again , i was also dumb enough to fall for it . 
  if i had shown that i am indifferent to her threats , she might have stopped sooner , as she did once i got a bit of courage and told her what i really feel . 
  we were never together , but we were close as friends for a while . 
  she ruined a lot of things for me for a while , like trusting others and some expressions that are common that she used , still remind me of her . 
  people who try to make it into a product . 
  that try to make a formula out of it . 
  and then some people wonder where in the relationship they are , are they moving too fast , too slow ... should we get married , should we have kids , should we x or y. . . other people can put pressure on a relationship like that . 
  real love is n't a competition , nor is there a right/wrong way for a couple to act with each other when they are in love , well short of hurting others that is . 
  also , i like your username op . 
  timeline as in not an alternate universe yeah . 
  is that what you meant ? 
  because the events in the hobbit happened a lot before lotr . 
  bilbo was i think 50 when he left for the adventure . 
  he was 111 , when gandalf discovered he had a ring of power . 
  and if you give him about 20 years of travelling in the hobbit , that 's 30 years after it . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss , move on . 
  for the moment we are n't even remotely ready to have kids . 
  i 'm not sure we will ever want them , but maybe , it 's not completely out of the question . 
  great stories backed with awesome music and some chills too , wanted or not wanted . 
  met a few people online or got to know them better , because we played the same game .
