  hey , that 's a great beginning to a song . 
  bloodbath - slaughtering the will to live . 
  i 'm saving this one . 
  all you had to do was follow the damn train , op !, 
  you goddamn monster !, 
  that would be great , i 'm always so bored when someone is praying and i have to be there and sit quietly . 
  i mean - i do n't want to be an asshole and not respect their ways , i 'm not saying it 's wrong . 
  but i do n't do that and i feel bored when someone does and i have to wait for them to finish . 
  so he is a dense demon . 
  will you appear in sexy lingerie with a gun that would bounce your breasts ? 
  cause i 'll yell lana all night . 
  this quote ending with uncultured swine always makes me laugh so much . 
  i always hear the swine that says it ( in my head that is ) . 
  a sight for sore eyes is darkness as it does n't strain that much as intense light does . 
  how dare you call worthless internet points just karma ?!, 
  well if it comforts you at all - i will remember these examples and maybe i can even use it properly . 
  that 's just because everyone forces it where it does n't belong . 
  get you shovel now !, 
  i was joking . 
  you forgot to mention tits . 
  is your username a reference to senses fail ? 
  never mind , it 's impossible to tell sometimes . 
  warcraft ii battle net edition - i do n't do it at work , but at home the hours just fly by when i am playing this game . 
  the music is phenomenal . 
  current 93 - judas as black moth, 
  all the blossoms have been paid for, 
  pettled with blood, 
  back over their moulded walls, 
  with spiteful flames, 
  i ca n't hear the voice, 
  i ca n't see the form, 
  the wallpaper peeling, 
  let the walls down, 
  and the bone answers, 
  eternity, 
  to my question, 
  when ? 
  what time is it ? 
  what place is this ? 
  which conjunction is this ? 
  all this waste, 
  where the clocks tick away, 
  all around, 
  what hour is this in the middle of the night ? 
  the cats cry in the street, 
  the car sweeps by with a murdered child, 
  the car sweeps by with a violated girl, 
  the car sweeps by with its trunk full of death, 
  do you believe in god ? 
  do you believe in christ ? 
  what monsters we 've become, 
  this flight from ease will finally kill us all, 
  and all we need is something, 
  let us lie and sleep and dream, 
  other dreams, 
  brighter dreams, 
  better dreams, 
  please, 
  because i never had a father figure and add a bit of genetics into the mix and the environment . 
  do n't worry bmw 's drive me crazy too , they never yield and never bother to use their turn signals . 
  khal drogo never rapes dany . 
  but she is scared as a 14 year old being sold to a leader of a powerful , dangerous and savage tribe . 
  i disagree . 
  the cop character had a better actor and went a lot further than the board member . 
  i feel like the board member was there to show house 's personality . 
  whereas the cop really challenged him and that plot also led to other relationships being strained - chase vs. house and cuddy who was the deus ex machina in the end . 
  thanks for reminding me of a very good song . 
  i just kind of forgotten they exist - so much other music . 
  i only listened to the first three albums - my taste has changed a lot since i heard them last . 
  but i still really like some songs , like let it enfold you , dreaming a reality , free fall without a parachute and negative space + priest and the matador . 
  probably going to play them tonight . 
  have you read the books ? 
  because if you only watched the show - yes there it is shown pretty much as rape . 
  at least the kind of rape you described - coercion . 
  but in the books drogo approaches her and starts undressing her very slowly . 
  and since he does n't speak a lot of the westerosi language for everything he does he asks - no ? . 
  as in permission . 
  she is very afraid , but he is very gentle and after a few no ? 
  questions , dany say yes and puts his hand between her legs . 
  i do n't consider that rape . 
  after they were married he was rather violent with her and fucked her `` as if she were a slave '' that is true . 
  but once she told him what she wants ( to look at his face and for him to be gentler etc. ), 
  he obliged . 
  so , no rape there , at least not the way i interpreted it . 
  it 's a matter of the way they are having sex , not the fact that they are doing it that bothers her . 
  it 's not a matter of consent or no consent , but a matter of their emotional connection . 
  he only wanted pleasure at first so he did n't really care , she wanted to look at him , to really feel a connection , not be just some whore/slave he has sex with . 
  and as soon as she lets him know/shows him what she wants , he does exactly that , they both find pleasure in eachother . 
  i mean if he really wanted to just rape her , he would n't take her to that beautiful place for their first time , but would just fuck her without even asking . 
  i mean from that perspective , robert was raping cersei their whole marriage . 
  so for the first few times when my gf and i had sex we were raping each other as we were exploring what the other one likes ? 
  and sometimes i was too rough but she told me that later and i fixed that . 
  and she did things in the way i did n't like it , was she raping me too ? 
  of course surprise anal is rape . 
  but consensual sex is n't . 
  even if someone does something you do n't like that 's the way connections are made - you try something and if the other party likes it you do it more , if not , you do n't do it . 
  just do n't try anything too extreme without talking - like anal - that was a very extreme example . 
  some things you can try without conversation and that 's what i take happened there . 
  only when dany got courageous enough to let him know what it was she wants , then they both enjoyed it . 
  i mean do you always have a few days of conversation with your partner before you have sex or do you go for it and try a few things , nothing too extreme at first and then just go at it as you make a deeper connection and figure out what they like and what they do n't like ?
