  magnificence of spatial chaos, 
  which adorn some stars in the twilight, 
  as far as my eyes can reach . 
  that 's one of them fuck ups , that seems pretty negligible but ends up ruining your day , since you really like coffee and all you have at the job is that instant bullshit that tastes like crap . 
  just be careful not to fall of the ceiling . 
  maybe she was jealous that you found a better technique than jumping to conclusions . 
  traded up i see . 
  so you use your butt as propulsion ? 
  that 's a self-sustaining system right there . 
  that would be the one . 
  do you use little green critters as boost ? 
  they do blow up - which should provide enough propulsion and since you have them everywhere ... 
  cool . 
  and then you think : `` how dare you mock me coffee thermos , i will drink your contents , we 'll see who 's the dumb one ! '', 
  and as you sit awake at 3 a.m. you realise it is you who is the fool and just call in sick for the whole week as you contemplate the necessity of your being , high on caffeine . 
  which book ? 
  a million souls are screaming all at once at that statement . 
  ah yes one of the spaghetti westerns but with noodles . 
  such an awesome movie . 
  and now ... 
  i think blood , because mr. 
  shadow is pure evil and zorg failed him big time with continuously failing to get the stones . 
  i assumed that he was given his last chance at that call . 
  that 's why he went to do it himself . 
  as long as your name is n't brett , you are at least not a bullet magnet . 
  that took a dark turn . 
  female masturbation is actually quite a taboo in society in general . 
  maybe because little girls are raised to be `` ladylike '' ( whatever that means ) and it 's expected from boys to do stupid shit ( boys will be boys kind of mentality ) . 
  i also do n't see why that is , it 's just a biological need and nothing unnatural . 
  as with everything you have to be careful not to get addicted to it or do it too much . 
  but other than that , it 's a healthy thing . 
  as long as they stay in your head , i think that should n't be a problem . 
  edit :, 
  because sometimes i get weird thoughts , but when i think about it ... i see the thought was completely stupid/bad . 
  also are you a maid ? 
  i see your problem - i would n't want to be carried away by a cat with my toe bent in it 's bum either . 
  and sucking on them too . 
  that was exactly what i meant , yes . 
  well i read a book about you the other day . 
  you 're quite famous in tamriel . 
  just about everything causes cancer . 
  silence of the old man - espejos . 
  the atmosphere of the song is just so intense and sad at the same time . 
  thanks . 
  this may be the reason why parents say , do n't run with sharp objects - they know the secret !, 
  i think house m.d. 
  had an episode like that - not as creepy though as it was n't a war setting . 
  but someone had an accident and if i recall correctly , most of the episode is seen through this man 's eyes and you can hear his thoughts being narrated . 
  but in the end he speaks and gets better as is usual with house episodes . 
  is it written from his point of view ? 
  because that would make an interesting way to tell the story . 
  my fridays usually consist of : beer , reddit , video games , reading , learning guitar and entertaining my pets . 
  then go to sleep as the sun comes up and get up at 1 pm . 
  then saturday - sunday it 's back to normal rythm . 
  apocynthion - correlations . 
  before the very end there is a big build up - goes from very beautiful and simple to very intense with a great transition . 
  i guess the appropriate response is to be disgusted by anyone that posts a comment on reddit . 
  edit : double i guess . 
  metropolis . 
  them woodland critters would surely help you shit - from fear . 
  how ? 
  well i do use direct and alternative current that is true . 
  the main problem is my solution - i can agree with that one . 
  sunshine - adagio in d minor . 
  the road - post-apocalyptic world with little food and water , a lot of cold and a lot of cannibals . 
  that 's why there are lights on them . 
  they make artificial sky for the airplane . 
  so at night the real danger is if any of the lights go out . 
  if there is n't enough artificial sky the plane could tear it apart and crash . 
  do n't forget naughtius maximus . 
  the same reason that rocks turn solid when you touch them . 
  so farts were used to propel it , that 's interesting . 
  i 'm 26 and writing my thesis - the last thing i have to make , before i graduate . 
  so , no . 
  also not too late to start college either , as long as you have the will to have a job and study too . 
  i shot with a bb and airsoft gun . 
  my neighbour has them and we sometimes shoot cans or bottles ( not glass ) for fun . 
  that 's about all the experience i have with guns . 
  never shot a real one - held an ak 47 in my hands when the military came to inform us of possible jobs in the army ( happens when you are 18 ) . 
  yeah the moods it goes through are just so awesome - sad/melancholic to happy , to intense . 
  i was not . 
  redditors of reddit why do you even reddit on reddit ? 
  when you have slowed down to make the turn it 's already too late . 
  i regularly play the game of which exit they are going to take at the roundabouts . 
  either a person has their turn signal on and does n't take the first exit or they do n't even use turn signals and just go out wherever the fuck they want . 
  gets me so pissed sometimes . 
  not for me though . 
  and do n't get me wrong it 's a great game . 
  but i find the story lines lacking . 
  things are too guided . 
  for example , to enter the dark brotherhood in oblivion you have to kill an innocent - murder someone , not battle them and kill them . 
  whereas in skyrim they tell you - kill grelod . 
  i did find the leveling better in skyrim though and the dawnguard quest line is just amazing . 
  i preferred mw2 , since it introduced more weapons and a bit of modifications for them too . 
  but the best thing was faster game play . 
  so you could say you got off a little early . 
  opeth - deliverance , the grand conjuration , blackwater park . 
  ghost - he is , deus in absentia , from the pinnacle to the pit , cirice . 
  a lot of bloodbath and anathema . 
  the antlers - hospice album .
