  and hayden is n't bad , but jeff is just so much better in my opinion . 
  my 4th year high school math teacher . 
  she literally held me back . 
  she did n't think i was able to get a better grade than c . so when i was in front of the class to be quizzed for a grade , i missed only one answer out of 8 and she tried to give me a c . so the class president and i argued with her that this is n't right and that we are going to go get the principal if she does n't stop holding me back . 
  got a b that day . 
  would n't quiz me for a though . 
  i was very happy when the class president stood up for me . 
  so is your heart like inverted ? 
  i mean if you invert a heart you basically get the shape of an ass . 
  yes , precisely !, 
  what kind of music , which songs do you play ? 
  there is no hummus . 
  vegan matrix ? 
  yeah a lot of very vivid horrible ones and some great ones too . 
  well the sex dream is obviously awesome - i just feel good when i wake up . 
  had a few horrible ones too ... once i dreamt that i was in a war zone . 
  but i started at home , where my mom was very annoyed with me leaving . 
  then as it went on i met a girl but there were a bunch of enemies there so we hid . 
  and i can very vividly remember how we were listening to them walking around until they found us and killed us . 
  then the whole thing reset and anything we did has lead to our death , every time . 
  all those scenes really made me think about it for about a week . 
  then there was another . . where i accidentally killed someone that turned out to be a member of my family and a very good man . 
  i was entering a bunker , the setting was wwii . 
  and as i came in , i got scared and just fired - i could see it in slow motion , as if i was playing max payne , but it was all very real . 
  i can recall the expression on his face as he realised what happened . 
  the rest of the dream i was just completely guilt ridden and i woke up drenched in sweat . 
  i could n't sleep any more that night . 
  i was already at the store and just wrote that to my gf at home , since she loves it so much . 
  it was a tragic movie . 
  well that and also if i 'm certain i 'm going to die and there is nothing to stop it and on top of that i also know when ... 
  i 'm not going to waste the last of my hours feling sorry for myself . 
  unless if i would be in a lot of pain ... 
  but if not , i would try to have as most fun as i can until i snuffed it . 
  barney was mostly just a collection of one liners . 
  i think that 70 's show made this work very well for eric . 
  i mean he was more or less the main character . 
  but i think he had the most developed personality on the show , right until he left . 
  and hyde and donna were developed well too , the rest were there just for the quirks . 
  which i now see is the opposite of what you wrote . 
  but i liked it . 
  i think she 's ok until she splits up with eric . 
  their relationship is very good for both characters 's development . 
  then she is being shown as a total bitch for a while . 
  while i get that she is angry at him , i think they just went overboard with it . 
  my feelings went form disliking skylar for being a buzzkill to siding with her and hating his guts . 
  1st and 2nd season i sided with walter , then less and less with every episode . 
  similar in milton 's paradise lost . 
  whereas the original is very good . 
  i really like the dialogue . 
  it 's a bit creepy though . 
   russell crow, 
  skaaaaaawwwwwwr how dare you ? 
  kaaaaaawwwwww !, 
  not even for the lulz ? 
  i heard that it 's bad , but is it funny bad or just soul crushing bad ? 
   catchphrases , katana fighters ,, 
  to be fair this part sounds awesome . 
  the romance not so much . 
  i 'm not too opinionated on soul patches . 
  what made it dull to you ? 
  i 'm thinking of watching it , but have n't gotten to it yet . 
  what made it terrible for you ? 
  is jupiter ascending really as bad as the last airbender ? 
  i have n't seen it yet , but i am planning to . 
  turkey time ... gooble gooble . 
  what about the script bothered you ? 
  well watching it a few times sounds like a masochist 's job here . 
  but i 'm interested in it just because all i hear is that it 's very bad . 
  ok , now i really have to see it . 
   also the acting is like why . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  watched in long ago , i may have to watch it again . 
  i do n't remember it being too bad . 
   he 's so hammy, 
  that sounds interesting . 
  i liked john in face off , but more as the bad guy than the good guy . 
  if it 's that kind of level of insanity . . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  by that do you mean , how can they go from that bad to brilliant ? 
  or from bad to even worse ? 
  who are you calling a mudman ?!, 
  i mean kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw !, 
  moo too thonks !, 
  everyone dies of dysentery . 
  jeff always was a no good drunk . 
  i guess , i can add sense8 to the list of to watch in distant future then . 
  me neither . 
  and i can be pretty sure i never will . 
  unless his death is a big conspiracy theory or something . 
  if it 's not too much to ask ... how did it come to this that you did n't meet him ? 
  well no dialogue is better than bad dialogue . 
  i can understand that . 
  but instead of where he is , i would love to have even one memory of him . 
  but i was too young , i ca n't remember anything . 
  i 've seen pictures and heard stories , but it 's just not enough . 
  well warcraft had great cgi , sets and costumes . 
  but it was very very bad . 
  this time timmy fucking lived !, 
  mr. trump 's wife is n't from eastern europe . 
  one hour with a loved one , so i can finally meet my dad .
