  not sure how unknown they are world wide , but i 've been listening to defrage who are now illumenium . 
  on google music they have music under both names of the band . 
  keep your nasty rings . 
  well , i ca n't argue with that . 
  what did you find so scary about it ? 
  i mean it was unsettling , but i would n't call it too scary to watch . 
  i liked it ... it did n't do what most horror movies do . 
  and the acting was very good . 
  what 's wrong with dracula ? 
  i 've seen it multiple times and deliberately so . 
  we are talking about mel brooks 's movie right ? 
  i 'm fed up with this wrllrl . 
  and it hurt , that my friends never stood , down wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiind !, 
  what i hate about covers of behind blue eyes is that mostly everyone just ignores the second part of the song . 
  i do n't mind that disturbed have changed the tone of the song . 
  but it 's the way they did it that i did n't like . 
  it was too grand , very cheesy in my opinion . 
  the performances are not that bad . 
  but the way they remade the song is just not to my liking . 
  i do n't hate it , but i prefer the original or nevermore 's cover , which may also not be for everyone . 
  i think that most reflexes disappear if you spend a couple of months underwater . 
  one of lovecraft 's spooky dream . 
  it would seem to last longer than three minutes and all the sights i would see ... 
  what would you say that the time span for a regular check up would be ? 
  who does n't want to finger the whole town , right ? 
  i can imagine some aliens finding earth and studying us , encountering memes . 
  i mean they would surely think that we are against them with our ayy lmao propaganda . 
  mocking them and making them the villains . 
  thanking spooky skeletons for all the good calcium . 
  asking all dem bois about something called waddup . 
  while the lesser memeists still worship cats . 
  just a playful look as if saying : `` i had my finger up your butt '' . 
  forget about nebelwerfers , we need salatwerfers . 
  if you rub out one belly , i think you have bigger problems . 
  yes , dear ? 
   as a life long vegetarian , ive consistently experienced random outbursts of angry bewilderment when people find out . 
  i 'm not even vegetarian and i got an outburst like that once . 
  i do n't hang around vegans enough to make a counter point and to be fair this is just an anecdote that happened to me , not a general rule or something . 
  but once i ordered a vegetarian pizza , since i had a lot of meat for lunch a day before and every now and then i like a veggie meal . 
  i ca n't eat meat every day . 
  and what followed was that i had to defend my choice of not eating meat at that particular meal . 
  to be fair , i had lunch with my family , whom i know are not particularly open minded about pretty much anything , but i did not expect them to be so closed off . 
  this does n't make meat eaters or vegetarians/vegans better , just a personal experience i had and i felt like sharing , since it shocked me . 
  metro 2033 or one of the s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  games . 
  and no , i 'm not suicidal . 
  oh man , that 's my favorite place to keep them . 
  next thing you 're going to tell me that my fork toaster fireworks are somehow unsafe or something , yeesh . 
  how else am i to have fun , while i 'm installing a program ? 
  i 'm not talking about the birds and the bees here !, 
  i do not know his work , what made you think of him ? 
  well floppy disk fireworks are not as zany . 
  toast toasters are just boring . 
  what about the big gaping void in our lives ? 
  proceeds to kill everyone ... what was i doing before i went into the mine ? 
  music . 
  but not the kind that most people would consider calming . 
  it 's raining dragons !, 
  it 's raining dragons !, 
  to be fair the other side is annoying as well . 
  i mean if you say you dislike a band because they do n't play the genre you like or the way you like , then all of a sudden you are a hater . 
  i mean power and folk metal do very little for me . 
  i just do n't like the genres . 
  that does n't make me a purist . 
  i understand the difference between saying it 's shit or i do n't like it . 
  but some people just do n't know what i mean when i say i do n't like a band . 
  they can be the best musicians in the world , but if it does n't make me feel something , i do n't like them . 
  and the other one ... when you hear something genuinely bad , yes i mean bad music as in clones of other bands or just plain bad musicians . . is it a mistake to point it out ? 
  because lazy writing is just bad anywhere . 
  i 'm not saying minimalism or simplistic music is lazy writing , but genuinely lazy stuff . 
  i ca n't stand that . 
  does that make me a purist/snob ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or not . . but what would you define as `` true metal '' ? 
  to be fair meshuggah are considered prog and all their stuff is in 4/4 . 
  or at least most . 
  took me long to reply ... metal mostly . 
  but extreme even for metal . 
  but then again a lot of sappy music also calms me down . 
  it 's the party music that makes me depressed . 
  it was n't a choice , just the way i react to different sounds and beats . 
  for example i love classical music and the opera , i find it aesthetically beautiful . 
  but i love her trashy or morbid sister too - metal . 
  i mean the aesthetics is usually upside down with metal ( black , death , thrash ... ) . 
  so basically metal is gay ? 
  i also agree that the debate about `` true '' or `` untrue '' is lame . 
  but i would just call the pioneers that . 
  i mean yeah they made the sound popular . 
  but a lot has been invented since and to not call it metal would be too exclusive for my taste . 
  to be fair any person belonging to any type of group of other people being capable of talking only about what identifies them as a group . 
  i 've made my choice . 
  lately david bowie - blackstar . 
  we will see if it lasts . 
  but if i go by things that i have been listening for a longer time :, 
  katatonia - brave murder day . 
  in my opinion this album has some of the best lyrics in regards to loss of a loved one . 
  not to mention the atmosphere of it . 
  the jonas , mikael twin vocals are also a high point of the album . 
  i think it would be arrogant of me to have a belief in this matter . 
  i may have my own idea , but truly believing something of that grand stature seems a bit too much , especially because i have nothing to base it off at this point in my life . 
  maybe if i have a near death experience i can shed some light on it , but i do n't want that .
