  sorry for the rant , just gets me angry . 
  yes , i agree archer got me right off the bat . 
  i did n't have anorexia , i did however try to kill myself once . 
  no one i know , knows this so at least i have that . 
  but as you wrote the fear of relapsing is a wicked thing and it makes me nervous sometimes . 
  i have however found a way to deal with it and got myself into a stable set of mind at least most of the time . 
  why/how do you scold yourself ? 
  what is the underlying reason for your anorexia ? 
  i wish you the best of luck in getting past this , i know you can do it !, 
  oh and if you ever want to talk , just pm me and i 'll try to respond as fast as i can . 
  are we not doing that any more ? 
  the toliet seat . 
  i 'm not sure of my way either , probably if it works , then it 's ok at least for now . 
  i found that music helped me a lot . 
  i play a few instruments and sometimes just idly playing something of the top of my head helps . 
  sometimes i play a specific song to let it out . 
  depends on the day/problem . 
  i can understand the feeling of lacking control , i 've been helpless too many times too ( due to the situations ) and that was actually a part of what led me to do what i did . 
  add to that some wrong company and a pinch of self loathing and it 's a bad combination . 
  having hobbies also helped , since that is where i have a lot of control . 
  can you not change your therapist ? 
  i mean if she is causing more harm than good . 
  i do n't understand the dynamic , never had a therapist . 
  thanks to you too , 
  by any kind of proxy . 
  tayor swift - shake it off, 
  have you tried opening it in gimp or inkscape ? 
  i , i mean ner ` zhul . 
  i vote for anaal nathrakh , they have a lot of heavy songs , but i will pick my favorite - todos somos humanos . 
  give it a listen and you will know why . 
  i feel like the message and the sound of the song itself is what makes it heavy . 
  the message is simply : we are people and we will be dust . 
  the same place they get dogs for dog food . 
  the only problem i see here is the amount of food and gas the kids have money for . 
  i mean we never see them get paid by anyone . 
  edit : damn , the scooby doo fan base is huge apparently :d, 
  why not their discography ? 
  depends on what you are listening to . 
  opeth - by the pain i see in others can be interpreted as a metaphor for sex , or being obsessed by a demon/the devil . 
  hm , so like poirot the last part is going to have them investigating serial killings of hitchikers ? 
  that 'll do pig , that 'll do . 
  til and it is n't even 1984 . 
  yes , also worth a try . 
  who would have thought that shaggy is the rich one . 
  truly i have not :d, 
  he 's gay , daphne is his cover . 
  well , i never got that far . 
  i was only watching the original series . 
  that 's a whole new meaning for the song big gun . 
  big spoilers if you have n't read it yet ... , 
  it 's called curtain : poirot 's last case . 
  he does n't investigate himself or something , but he changes . 
  my girlfriend and i are nearing our sixth year together and have been talking about it , but we do n't really feel the need to get married . 
  so i 'm guessing we are n't doing that any time soon . 
  it just does n't mean anything to us , why would one need to get married anyway ? 
  i like puppies and my trusty at-4 . 
  i saw a movie where a guy was proposing to renee zellweger . 
  he said : you win and something that they got to the point where it 's shit or get of the pot . 
  that was the worst one i 've ever seen . 
  good music . 
  great effects , good music , bad plot and acting . 
  for effects , i prefer playing video games . 
  i can see your perspective and yes there are legal perks , but we do n't like ceremonies and are not catholic . 
  we both agreed that we would feel hypocritical if we were to have a marriage ceremony as we do n't really believe in any religion . 
  the ceremony itself means nothing to us . 
  as for gathering everyone . . 
  i do n't need an excuse , if anyone needs a ceremony to come , then they can stay home as far as i am concerned . 
  i would get legally married for the perks and would definitely make a party to celebrate . 
  but i do n't need ceremonies for that . 
  that is just the way we see things . 
  yes it is !, 
  same for me , just that i discovered music at a fairly young age . 
  started by playing violin and it has become my creative outlet ever since . 
  i had a break too - was n't forced , but was n't all that interested either . 
  then i started to miss it and picked up a guitar at 16 . 
  now after 9 years of playing i still do it almost every day . 
  and my girlfriend is teaching me how to play piano . 
  dropped the violin though - for now . 
  that sounds awesome . 
  i admire your courage and creativity . 
  and that is the only viable option for us too , but we really have n't thought about it that much . 
  all i know is that he was naaaaaaughtyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy . 
  welcoming you to dubai after i fill you full of lead . 
  or dead , depends on how delusional i would remain . 
  it 's just because you do n't want to bowl with him , you monster !, 
  so first order of business : remove all stairs ? 
  rush - roll the bones album - not sick of it yet . 
  george w bush - he could connect with the baby intellectually . 
  and he is probably a fun guy too . 
  besides a few mentioned here : adagio for strings by samuel barber . 
  big bobby b. . thanks for the laugh . 
  indeed , i feel like it 's a bit claustrophobic too in the way that the heaviness is dumped on you and you ca n't ignore it . 
  it just fills the whole space . 
  so beautiful , but so sad . 
  lay on your bed , put headphones in ears , press play and close your eyes . 
  then just drift away , wherever the music takes you . 
  bloodbath - hades rising is rather funny . 
  kick ass song though . 
  ambitious, 
  sometimes too ambitious and talk about doing a lot , do a lot less .
