  it 's just my old friend bigus dickus . 
  i do n't know , not getting shot by accident is a very good point to not have a loaded gun even pointed at you let alone inserted into any orifice . 
  i think you have mistaken her with incontientia buttocks . 
  i agree about your first point . 
  second - not so much . 
  women are very capable of psychologically intimidating men . 
  i would say that ability is n't dependant on the gender of a person , but on other factors such as environment , how they were raised and some genetics . 
  third : it should apply to everyone , not just guys . 
  same here . 
  i would n't wake up if the building i am sleeping in would start falling on my head . 
  `` scary '' movies . 
  fell asleep while watching the ring - girlfriend will never forgive me for it as she was genuinely afraid . 
  we both found drag me to hell funny , but i fell asleep watching that one too . 
  they made him walk the plank ? 
  how do i eat click once deploy ? 
  life . 
  especially if you are playing an instrument or singing . 
  or sometimes it 's very nice to just lay on the bed and put headphones in - that state being half awake and hearing a song is just perfect . 
  rats are also awesome . 
  i feel like lotr movies got worse with each part . 
  and i understand that they had to cut out a lot of the book . 
  three movies for six books ? 
  too much content . 
  so characters like glorfindel were n't present and a lot of meetings/events never happened . 
  but the first movie did well to set up the story and even though tom was n't in it and the whole barrow downs were cut out , it worked for me . 
  i was n't expecting that they would completely follow the book so i was n't at all disappointed . 
  the second one is where it starts going a bit downhill . 
  for example , they made helm 's deep the climactic battle and theoden was shown as completely arrogant going versus saruman 's army . 
  gimli was getting `` funnier '' and legolas did stunts . 
  i get it why they put it in the movie , but i just did n't like that too much . 
  not to mention elves at helm 's deep . 
  they had no reason to be there . 
  it felt too much a reflection of our society - even though that 's what movies are , i use fantasy to escape that , not to be thrown into it but ok jackson had a vision and it 's not a terrible movie , some things just bothered me . 
  like the whole faramir part could have been different . 
  instead of the whole worth fighting for speech by sam it could have shown strength in men , rather than showing men as weak all the time . 
  faramir was wise and strong and would n't want to prove himself to denethor in such a way , he knew what was at stake . 
  also the sam - gollum dynamic sucked . 
  sam was n't so demeaning to gollum . 
  he was n't that protective of frodo , unless he needed to be . 
  the third part disappointed me the most . 
  the whole frodo - sam dynamic was ruined . 
  frodo would never cast sam aside , they were old friends . 
  and when frodo told sam to go home , it seemed more like some high school friendship as opposed to the real thing . 
  not even the ring took that away from them and that was a big point in the books . 
  i can see why they cut most of the third book - houses of healing and the cleaning of the shire , but the ending was awful . 
  frodo waking up and everyone came to see him . . just cheesy as hell . 
  the wedding part was awesome and aragorn 's homage to the hobbits was unexpected and well executed . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's not that i do n't like the movies , they were very well made , but some points that should have been conveyed , were lost and i feel it 's just a shame . 
  then again if i would be doing the movie , i would n't make a better job of it probably . 
  agree with you about the hobbit , it was just awful . 
  get up at 7am/7 :30 am . 
  give medication to my rats that are a bit sick lately . 
  one died on monday but that 's not part of the routine . 
  take a shower , if i have time , eat and drink coffee . 
  brush my hair , pee/poop if there is a need to do so . 
  drive to work - about 30 minutes . 
  pee/poop if not done before i left for work . 
  i wish i wish i was a fish . 
  0k seems pretty cool . 
  shitting out children is a problem of it 's own . 
  well theoden went from : `` is this all you can conjure saruman ? '', 
  to `` what can one do against such reckless hate ? '' . 
  the first line made me cringe . 
  the second was ok . 
  i agree that in the books he was one dimensional and jackson had to expand him somehow . 
  why would arwen be bad at helm 's deep ? 
  dying or killing myself . 
  i dream that quite frequently . 
  i 'm fine . 
  a frequent lie . 
  nice, 
  only if you are alone or with people . 
  i am not a savage , so i put milk in my oatmeal . 
  battered person syndrome also exists . 
  coarse sand , that gets everywhere ? 
  third rule : you may talk about gun club . 
  second rule gives new meaning to the phrase : `` imma destroy that pussy '' . 
  yes i do agree that they gave her far too much attention . 
  makes sense about helms deep then . 
  op said 10 % not 90 . 
  rarely ? 
  when is it a solution then ? 
  so mosquitoes are either a racial , ethnic , religious , national or cultural group . 
  interesting . 
  agreed , the downside might be their short life span and they can be prone to getting diseases on lungs . 
  in fact just this monday one of my rats died because he could n't breathe any more - late stage of a disease . 
  otherwise they are indeed very fun and when they start trusting you it 's the best thing . 
  it is a catalyst and a solution all in one by my experience . 
  happens to me even if i am not baked . 
  although not a drummer - guitarist . 
  i sometimes listen to a song i can play and subconsciously move my fingers - it looks weird as hell . 
  then it 's seven stringed fun . 
  sure it should , i just mentioned my own experience . 
  i 'm not much of a dancer . 
  well they wanted to oonga the cavewomen 's bungas . 
  god damn milk drinking mutant overlords . 
  thank you for reminding me to watch blade runner again , it 's been too long since i have seen it . 
  i remember george carlin made a fuss in the 60 's or 70 's with his seven dirty words you ca n't say on t.v. 
  and i think it was a record , he was n't even on t.v. 
  when it first came out .
