  and people like to say that a lot and prod us younger generations about : `` now it 's your turn '' , `` when are you two going to have kids , you wo n't be happy until you do '' and so on . 
  i feel like , i could believe that . 
  but i choose not to . 
  definitely not , everyone know you have to inject marijuanas . 
  he 's one of them intellectual retards . 
  i wish someone would make music out of this . 
  just put a fucked up progression on it . 
  something chaotic . 
  game over man , game over . 
  i wish i would have been smart enough to come up with this when i was arguing with my mom about evolution . 
  i 'm just going to imagine a species of korn 's bass players . 
  we got ta save dem britches !, 
  you should have just spread your legs and she can sit on you if she really had to go that badly . 
  well it kind of does n't bother me directly . 
  maybe when it gets filthy enough so it would affect the way i feel . 
  i just forget , since i have a lot of things to do . 
  if you 'd count fapping , there would be no male virgins past the age of 14 . 
  then you go for the second circle/line/whatever formation you take them virgins in and it gets better . 
  til that poo pourri is a thing . 
  name is ok , baby or daddy is annoying . 
  zalost is a slavic word for sorrow . 
  and i agree , this one and the perfect one are more psychological , while ramses was creepy the first time i saw him , but upon later viewings it is n't as scary . 
  make sure to include that in your vows , she will be so happy . 
  i would n't use the term hate , but i do not like it . 
  her voice just sounds nasal and the lyrics are terrible . 
  the music is ok but nothing special . 
  i understand that for her age and training she did quite well and i do n't hate her for it or anything . 
  but the song is bad . 
  on the other hand , i ca n't understand what drives some people to hate rebecca black because of this , i mean hating someone because they make music you do n't like ? 
  that 's just stupid . 
  let 's hope she makes something better and continues to evolve in her musicianship . 
  no one starts at the top , but most people do n't record videos at the stage where they do n't really know how to sing well yet . 
  and i think it was a great present from her parents . 
  was n't that also the name of the controversial gta : sa mod ? 
  well the upside down cross can be debatable . 
  satanic religions also like to invert all things that jesus/god put forth , that means symbols as well . 
  so the cross can be satanic or not , it depends on the context/person . 
  can you name a few please ? 
  i would like to see such good performances . 
  more like urine trouble . 
  such is life . 
  well to be fair , i do n't usually acknowledge effort . 
  my like/dislike is based purely on the fact if i like it or not . 
  i dislike her song so i would push down vote on youtube if i would rate it for example . 
  but given that i 'm not a fan of the genre i do n't do that . 
  i do n't understand hate however . 
  that 's reserved for some serious stuff . 
  i mean it 's a powerful emotion and to feel genuine hate over a bad song ... 
  i do n't understand that . 
  demons are not things !, 
  \\ #alldemonslivesmatter, 
  are you turned on 24/7 then ? 
  well i do not limit that to my gf . 
  anyone that acts passive aggressive can just go fuck themselves . 
  tell me what 's wrong or just sod off . 
  just burst through them and start running like hell . 
  man , i would pay to see that , just to see how they would react . 
  i do n't think jack quit because of the hate . 
  at least from what i saw , most people that have met him , have had great experience with him and say that he is a very kind person . 
  and if i recall correctly he quit acting to study . 
  but i get your point . 
  it 's the only brand that has managed to reach out to most big companies . 
  you can have starbucks togo coffee or any other brand that goes along with togo , which is pretty much everyone . 
  it 's a quality that goes with all types of coffee . 
  the difference is in how it 's formed on the molecular level . 
  because normal coffee makes it 's container hot , since the caffeine causes the atoms and molecules to move faster . 
  but togo adds in valium that only affects the atoms , so while coffee on the inside is still hot , the container stays cool and you can take it with yourself , which is a wordplay in the name of the brand togo . 
  they patented this design and everyone that uses it has to write togo along with their name . 
  well as we all know every body in the universe has it 's own gravitational field and the position of these bodies affects how the sun movies and what it 's mass is . 
  that 's why the sun goes on the other side of the planet at night - when most people on the other side are sleeping . 
  now i know what you 're going to say . . how come norway has 6 months of day and 6 months of night ? 
  that 's because it 's so far up north that people have to move for 6 months to get the sun there and once they have it , they do n't want to let it go , but the force of other people takes about 6 months to get it back . 
  so back to the main question - if timmy gives two apples to sally , then sally has a bigger pull with the sun and if she goes far away from other people , the sun might expand , given that it 's girth increases . 
  that 's why the global warming has subsided lately , since all the influx of refugees from the middle east . 
  i mean global warming has surely subsided , since it 's colder and the winters are harsher than they were . 
  so if timmy would have given three apples to sally the sun 's mass change would be : w ( s ) * w ( three apples ) * distance_sally_travels ^ 2 . 
  therefore the mass of the sun is : current_mass + = w ( s ) * w ( two apples ) * distance_sally_travells ^ 2 . 
  the distance is measured from the place where most people are in that country on average . 
  run ? 
  that 's a guaranteed win . 
  well looking at the physiological changes . 
  if you are male , so many sperm cells are flushed into your system , that they make you superhuman . 
  you must not fap either , otherwise it wo n't happen . 
  because you see , your balls can only contain so much sperm , so it has to go somewhere . 
  and all the stem cells within them , mutate the body and * poof * you are a magician . 
  no one knows how females work anyway . 
  sure . 
  if you can play wonderwall , you 'll become a chick magnet in no time . 
  because your body is actually dying , since you are pushing it to the limit . 
  that 's why it 's very hard to be a battlemage , you waste all the extra cells that are required to be a super human i.e. 
  mage . 
  that 's why most warriors are n't too bright . 
  this is really a chicken or egg question . 
  was it morality that has created morons or did morons create morality ? 
  that 's a good way to remain an extra virgin . 
  save that , but do n't tell her before hand . 
  actually , i think you can brag about how well you have written this . 
  let me know how she reacts at your wedding . 
  i 'm sure she 'll be screaming and crying from all the joy in her beautiful heart . 
  i do n't mind the less aggressive approach .
