  the 3d version i did not really care for . 
  bethesda is working on fallout and doom at the moment . 
  well it 's a very taxing subject to take on . 
  i do agree with you , but what did seem dumbed down to you ? 
  besides the - you must go here pointer , which was partially present in oblivion too , but not for every single quest . 
  i feel one weekend is not enough for a whole run . 
  unless you ignore a certain amount of quests . 
  play guitar and read books , maybe play a pc game , i do n't play online so no internet is n't a problem , steam works offline too . 
  that covers most of my weekends anyway . 
  confucius say , `` man who farts in church sits in own poo . '', 
  because i do n't value money enough to strive to be a millionaire . 
  i do like to have about one time as much as i need to survive . 
  i do n't think there is a subreddit for this , but i am in pretty much the same position as you . 
  getting out of it , but still getting feelings of being worth less than the people that were taught these things and can do it better . 
  i had to learn on my own and still i feel like i 'm left behind by most people . 
  but i do n't think that it 's the single mom that is the problem . 
  it all depends on what kind of mom you have and what kind of people you associate with . 
  you have to stand up to your parents and find your own peers at the latest in high school and there is where you can learn a lot from them . 
  he who laughs at the job is hot . 
  no problem , i just wanted to see a bit of what bothered you and i must say i agree . 
  dungeons do get predictable , even though oblivion had a few of the same types of dungeons , they had at least some differences . 
  and you can get lost in pretty much any dungeon in oblivion , skyrim is very straightforward with easy puzzles . 
  yes guild quest lines were a problem for me too . 
  go here do that , kill the chief ( or they die ) and voila you are the leader now . 
  at least the stories were better in oblivion . 
  i do n't mind the no journal part . 
  but yeah it felt more immersive , especialy in morrowind . 
  lockpicking was basically fallout 's system , so yeah also a bad one there . 
  but skyrim had awesome mods , now oblivion has some great ones too , but frostfall and ineed made playing skyrim very enjoyable for me . 
  and i did like the shouts and killing dragons thing . 
  bugs bunny as he is one of the ultimate trolls . 
  their heads for putting . 
  their legs for long distance . 
  some drugs yeah , others i do n't care if i never experience them . 
  what is it about the alchemist that you find so appealing ? 
  now i disagree with your second statement . 
  if you are contemplating suicide you probably feel helpless at least that 's what led me to those kind of thoughts . 
  and if i had the courage to live a daring life , i would also have the courage to commit suicide . 
  it 's not that easy to start doing things , especially if anxiety is the problem . 
  why are you so afraid of donating blood ? 
  i got rejected once , because of a high heart rate - did n't sleep enough . 
  but i think you can do it every three or four months , so i got pretty much used to it . 
  so wait was someone in an accident and had their laptop on their dashboard ? 
  that seems very dangerous . 
  my very first was c . we used borland c in high school and it was very interesting to see how things work . 
  did n't learn c yet , i forgot everything anyway , since i only use c++ and c # now . 
  at least you would always know where they are . 
  them giant stingers on both those animals would terrify me . 
  well i ca n't speak for others , but in my opinion your comment is n't offensive . 
  i just offered my opinion based on my experience , no need to be sorry , at least i do n't feel the need for you apologizing . 
  but still thanks for being sensitive and kind . 
  thanks for the link , i will check it out . 
  and thanks for recommending the book too , i have heard a lot about it , but have n't read it yet . 
  it 's in my queue of need to read books , but that 's a long line , 
  neurotech - blue screen planet pt .2 - revelation, 
  i would like to erase that movie just to laugh at all the funny scenes again . 
  like the line up . 
  well to be fair the starks betrayed them too . 
  i stopped playing at forts under siege . 
  so i do n't recall that one , what was wrong with it ? 
  oh , that often ? 
  i guess i will do it more frequently now . 
  well that depends on what you like . 
  but here are some of my favourites . 
  i really liked the road by cormac mccarthy but it 's a very hard book . 
  however if you can see past the post-apocalyptic environment and the atrocities that come along with it , it 's a great depiction of a father-son relationship . 
  but i must say it 's one of the most hard hitting books i ever read . 
  then i really like edgar allan poe and h.p.lovecraft - the rationalism and horror is very interesting to me . 
  they mostly write short stories/poems . 
  the language is also very precise and descriptive . 
  heart of darkness by conrad is also very interesting . 
  indeed it is not . 
  but for those that were inside in the wedding , i feel no remorse for them dying . 
  they made stupid decisions . 
  i 'm not saying i would be better in the same situation but you could see something like that coming . 
  but yeah not to that degree . 
  ah that sucks . 
  worms 2 , armageddon and wwp are the best ones in my opinion , 
  well i 'm not going to make a screen-shot , but i have saved the comment . 
  catch 22 and 1984 are already on my bookshelf . 
  i remember madame bovary from high school , the other two i will check out as i see that your book selection is interesting , 
  yes , i can understand that . 
  but i feel it 's good that characters are morally in a grey area . 
  i mean even if you take the starks as the general good family of asoiaf universe , they have all done morally bad things already - except for rickon , because he is not described much . 
  i disagree . 
  it got progressively worse . 
  the relationships between the characters got more and more distorted with each movie . 
  not to mention more cgi with each movie . 
  i like the second one . 
  it 's the fourth one that is the worst in my opinion . 
  even if you ignore the third one , then you are left with alien : resurrection . 
  game over man , game over . 
  better music , better shots - climbing at the beginning , the doves used in the shoot outs and so on . 
  just feel it is better . 
  yes i know how that feels , i would like to erase my memory for certain books and music cd 's too :d, 
  thanks and i hope you enjoy your day as well . 
  thank you for replying as well . 
  still did n't go away completely . 
  courage the cowardly dog . 
  some freaky songs there .
