  well i do n't share that much information so having people i do n't really know is n't a problem . 
  it 's just a social network . 
  here on reddit i also talk to people i do n't really know . 
  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  i do however see the problem of fishing for likes . 
  i do n't care who likes shit i post , as long as i can have a discussion with someone - that 's all i need from facebook . 
  of course i prefer real life discussion , but who 's going to meet me at 4 am ? 
  put the bunneh deawn !, 
  why does no one like the dance scene ? 
  yeah but neo and smith are constantly negating each other . 
  in the first part smith kills neo , thus negating his existence but also liberating him as the one and the equation is out of balance as neo destroys smith . 
  the equation gets balanced by smith surviving and being liberated , which gets presented in the second movie . 
  in the third part neo negates himself , stops fighting and lets smith take over . 
  but the equation has to balance so all the smiths have to be destroyed . 
  the architect is the one balancing the equation ( or he has programmed the matrix to do that ) . 
  while the oracle is the one that sets the equation out of balance by triggering a chain of events that leads to that - in the first one the prophecy that neo or morpheus dies for example , so neo feel obligated and believes that he can save morpheus . 
  edit : what i meant to say is that i completely agree and while the movie is not only about neo vs. smith , that is a very important part . 
  sure i get that . 
  but if there is a specific site , i think you can disable that too without unfollowing your friends . 
  just block posts related to that site and i think those should disappear , while other posts remain . 
  but the point is their relationship . 
  father - son . 
  he is teaching him how to survive , to prepare him to live and not give in to temptation that would probably make his life easier but rather remain morally good and survive . 
  that 's probably the most important lesson a parent can give to their child . 
  i read the book and watch the movie and it 's a very important motive in both . 
  in the book we only know them as son and father , no names . 
  all of their time together is n't in any way pointless . 
  every demon takes a pound of flesh . 
  what 's with the owls in this place ? 
  judy greer a.k.a. 
  charlene from archer , no wonder i like her so much . 
  also omar epps and someone called vitamin c ( never gon na have scurvy i guess ) . 
  most importantly cormac mccarthy , the writer of the road and no country for old men . 
  are you on your period ? 
  i disagree . 
  yes a lot of things were portrayed well visually and the music was just awesome . 
  but relations between characters were sometimes very poorly done . 
  example : frodo tells sam to go home . 
  he would n't even think of it . 
  that really made the relationship look like a teenage friendship instead of something that they had their whole life . 
  also faramir - he never wanted the ring to impress his father , he was much wiser than that . 
  the whole osgilliath part could be left out , even though the nazgul part was awesome . 
  but sam 's speech was just too cheesy . 
  it did however hit the point of tolkien 's works so it 's with the sense of the book . 
  it 's far from perfect , but it definitely is n't bad . 
  well one of the changes is that they left the shire when they were 50 . 
  so they had time to develop their friendship . 
  i understand that the movie was aimed at younger audiences and so the hobbits were made as younger . 
  but then you lose things like that . 
  not to mention a few chapters from the last books . 
  but the last movie was very long , it would have been an extra hour , if everything was included . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  and he did very well with boromir - he only wanted it to protect his people , at least that 's what the ring was going for . 
  using that desire to do evil . 
  but faramir was n't even tempted . 
  he knew exactly what he was dealing with and was man enough to not be an asshole . 
  he was n't however a little boy with daddy issues at least not concerning the ring . 
  ok then frodo is dumb . 
  he says that sam should go home at cirith ungol . 
  no way one hobbit is going to make the journey back on his own . 
  not after all the danger they both faced . 
  and they had a guide that led them on path he knew were n't dangerous as gollum wanted to stay near the ring . 
  also , sam did everything for frodo - came that far with him , just to be sent home at the last stage of their journey ? 
  that 's no gift . 
  it 's an insult , he sent him home as in - i do n't need you any more , not go home to save yourself . 
  it was gollum 's manipulation and nothing more that triggered this . 
  but that 's the problem . 
  faramir sees past his duty and sees a global good , instead of something that would yield good results on a short term , but doom them in the long term . 
  he knows power means nothing without wisdom and he shows that in the book . 
  i agree about sam 's speech however , it is a good closure for the movie and connects everything together . 
  and yeah , i can see how people get out of the story due to the elements you described , matter of taste really . 
  ah yes , it 's true and i do agree that it showed that very well in the first two movies and the end of the third . 
  but where they separated frodo and sam so shelob could do her stuff ... that felt as a plot device and it seemed bad to me . 
  yeah that is true . 
  but same as with frodo and sam - it was a plot device that felt cheap , that 's all . 
  yes , i resent that too a bit , because tom gave an interesting feel to the book . 
  it 's true he is n't essential to the story , but still adds so much . 
  but i 'm biased here , i love books in general , because movies show you stuff and leave less to imagination for the sake of a comprehensive narrative , while in books you have to imagine things and i like my imagination to run wild . 
  again something that is very subjective and i 'm not saying that the movies are bad . 
  i just prefer the books , since i 'm a sucker for good lore . 
  click , happy gilmore and wedding singer are the only adam sandler comedy movies i can watch at any time . 
  are you seriously dismissing a death of a person as just somebody paid the price and it affected only a few people ? 
  would you say the same thing if the person who has died would have been close to you ? 
  i mean , i get it what he did for the trans gendered individuals and it 's a good thing . 
  hopefully it will help others to not feel ashamed and help people accept this as nothing unusual but something that is done by choice and is a valid way of life . 
  also very brave of him - from a big sports figure to someone who has embraced this level of femininity which is a big taboo among the male population . 
  that is something i really respect . 
  but i do n't care who you are - you do n't get away with killing a person . 
  i mean we should n't associate the person and the action forever but there should be consequences for killing a person . 
  edit : of course unless it was really an accident . 
  like something you ca n't predict , then there is n't much to be done , innocent until proven guilty . 
  but i 'm just sick of certain celebrities getting away with stupid shit . 
  i see a lot of negative news in this thread and i am sure it should be reported , but i want to add the most important news that has been kept from the public for a long time now . 
  something positive . 
  something that does n't make you afraid , that does n't make you think that the world is only a bad place . 
  and yeah we see some of those news , but clearly not enough . 
  something that is n't a scandal or sensational , but real . 
  edit : also thought of this : positive news about humanity and not just an individual that is set up to be viewed as a hero . 
  we have enough of those . 
  similar to cocksucker .
