  i do n't like building settlements at all . 
  but the action , the random/legendary encounters are ok too . 
  i still think that we should n't have met a deathclaw while in power armor and wielding a minigun in the first hour . 
  it 's a good action game . 
  it 's a bad fallout game though . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  well unless they bring you something you literally ca n't eat . 
  like if you are allergic to some sort of food . 
  for example , my body can not process lactose anymore - maybe because i had too much of it as a kid . 
  and to a certain degree i can eat it - like cheese on a pizza , a chocolate and so on . 
  but at a point it gets too much and wreaks havoc on my digestive system . 
  so if i get something like that by accident i would just calmly explain the situation and ask for what i actually ordered . 
  maybe you should rather give it up for adoption . 
  nfs : mw and stalker spoilers in this comment , read at your own risk ( old games though ) . 
  i felt it was worse than a spoiler . 
  more like money for nothing . 
  i just happened to be there and get this amazing stuff . 
  and i 'm not saying that games have to be very hard , i get casual gaming . 
  but that 's like having the best thing you can at the very beginning . 
  i feel that nfs : most wanted did this right . 
  you started with the best car . 
  your first race however went wrong and you had to work to get that car back - gave me motivation , because that was a kick ass car , also served to establish the villain . 
  here the reverse happens - you get established as the all powerful character . 
  same thing i disliked about skyrim - in an hour of playing or less , you get to be the chosen one . 
  i do n't like that . 
  i prefer having to work to get recognition within the game world . 
  like in stalker : shadow of chrenobyl - you were strelok the whole time - the only guy who got to the center , but you did n't know that until the last third of the game . 
  until then you were marked one - they did n't even bother to give you a name . 
  great drawing and a lovely model too !, 
  more like / r/takecareofyourownchildrenplease . 
  i mean , children producing sounds is ok , but yelling for longer than a few minutes is annoying , if done by anyone . 
  except where it is expected . 
  taste is n't really relevant . 
  it 's a shame if i ca n't share great concerts with my partner , because music defines a big part of me . 
  as long as i 'm not being judged or as long as they are n't dismissive about my music - like saying it 's just banging and shouting . 
  an open mind is a bonus point , but that 's true for other interests too . 
  departer and chrome for me . 
  unless we go into their earlier works , then it 's brave and rainroom . 
  brave just has one of the best lyrics regarding loss . 
  joshua radin - winter, 
  amnesia : the dark descent and a machine for pigs ost - be very careful about songs though , a lot of them are the creepy atmospheres . 
  the antlers - any song from hospice, 
  alcest - faiseurs de mondes , eclosion and elevation . 
  steven wilson/porcupine tree/blackfield - pretty much anything . 
  fear factory - timelesness ( some bad memories attached ) . 
  but why male models ? 
  anything untrue . 
  i want to always know the truth no matter how bad it is . 
  so if a fox runs away you call out for demons ? 
  i mean it would seem entertaining to see someone yell out : `` baphomet !, 
  come back this instant ! '', 
  or go for the viral version : `` baphomet !, 
  - that could seriously confuse people . 
  captain planet !, 
  reading this on the toilet , i agreed with you for a second there . 
  i need more fibre in my diet apparently . 
  in a row ? 
  definitely , i would prefer less days and longer as opposed to more days and shorter . 
  so having an orgy is a matrix ? 
  that good grades show knowledge . 
  usually it showed whom the teacher liked the most . 
  there were some exceptions every now and then , where that was true , but mostly not . 
  edit : i forgot to add ... this is true up to college . 
  at least in my experience . 
  do abstractions count ? 
  in that case lust for power . 
  that 's a rather wild assumption imo . 
  perhaps i should have written that up to college it 's mostly like that . 
  in college i was n't ever judged for anything else but my knowledge . 
  well in my experience some teachers would quiz you for a grade they felt you could achieve . 
  you know , limit you upwards . 
  on multiple occasions i had to argue that i deserve more and when given the chance i managed to get a better grade . 
  sometimes i could n't do that . 
  talking about elementary and high school . 
  in college all was fair - at least to me . 
  the tests were fair . 
  but the teacher also had quizes where you would stand in front of the blackboard and answer questions . 
  and a few times they said : yeah i gave you easier questions , have a lower grade . 
  and that takes your average down . 
  spiders . 
  they eat mosquitoes and flies and similar other more annoying insects . 
  they are now . 
  oh , right . 
  hm , can i get off on a technicality and say that a lot of people consider them to be insects ? 
  imagining that made me laugh . 
  disney 's aladdin and lion king, 
  the lost vikings . 
  i can still remember every level - what to do , how to win or where to go . 
  all except shrapnel city episode of duke nukem . 
  were all the spiders gone and just the webs remained ? 
  i mean if they were caught in there , how would they still fly around ? 
  possible spoilers here for got !, 
  i would argue that joffrey is a great character . 
  he was well developed and the actor played well . 
  same goes for ramsay , even though sometimes he seemed a bit linear with the - i 'm here just to shock you and do more and more depraved things as episodes moved on . 
  what annoyed you about dukie ? 
  she was the good kind of annoying for me . 
  just to see the reaction of everyone else when she surprised them . 
  holy fucking shit , i have a transformer , big robots from outer space are real oh my god , oh my god , oh my god . 
  that would be my train of thought .
