  what constitutes a perfect run for you ? 
  i was trying to be renegade the last time . 
  made it in me1 and me2 , but could n't be full renegade in me3 ( mordin , wrex ... ) . 
  i also have a bit of a baby face , but i do n't mind people thinking i 'm younger than i really am . 
  i do n't need a beard to feel confident . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  also a movie and vice city contains a ~ ~ lot ~ ~ few references to it . 
  ah , the way bioware meant it to be played ( i think liara is default romantic interest ) . 
  my first play through was just awful . 
  in the first one i romanced ashley . 
  in the second one tali , but fortunately i lost no one . 
  in the third one i was with tali , but in the legion vs. tali i chose legion so all quarians died . 
  missed a lot of side quests . 
  in the end i ended up with liara but it did n't really matter , since i blew up most of the galaxy . 
  why should the name of the game reflect it 's references ? 
  [ list of references ] ( http://scarface.wikia.com/wiki/grand_theft_auto:_vice_city ), 
  was hard but kai leng was harder for me . 
  many successful games also have n't done this . 
  warcraft ii , warcraft iii , wow , starcraft i and ii , all three me games , fallout 3/new vegas , oblivion , skyrim , most of gta games , spec ops : the line etc. 
  you do n't play scarface in gta vice city , there are just references to it , that does n't mean it has to be just like the thing it 's referencing . 
  not sure about the kaidan vs. ashley thing . 
  but i think i read somewhere that liara was supposed to be the default love interest and paragon choices usually lead to better outcomes as far as i noticed . 
  unless you 're with garrus - he likes renegade decisions . 
  a child once called me and all she said was : `` daddy ? '', 
  i answered : `` no you have the wrong number . '', 
  all i heard was a voice of shock/fear and she hung up . 
  between my girlfriend 's boobs . 
  8 was max i think . 
  armageddon and wwp were the best for me . 
  but if you do n't mind a bit older ones - worms 2 has one of the best weapons modification systems . 
  no you are right , being very offensive is a good defense against people . 
  i was pissed too . 
  but then i made it by trying a different approach . 
  it 's frustrating how quickly i got caught in trying one thing for the x-th time . 
  you know the definition of insanity and so on . 
  that was very satisfying . 
  whoop , there it is . 
  oh my god lake placid . 
  let 's make the female fall out of every vehicle !, 
  taco bell taco bell , product placement with taco bell . 
  what did you find bad with cube ? 
  i mean it makes you feel bad , since it 's very claustrophobic and tense . 
  but i do n't think it 's badly done . 
  not any more . 
  good memory . 
  so many things i can remember , so many things i want to forget . 
  i do n't have a best friend . 
  but i do think that my so had to become one in the group of friends i trust most , before i even considered really being with her . 
  that was the transition from not being too serious to the serious relationship we are in now . 
  my first encounter with a truly crazy person led to about a year of emotional abuse , then i had enough and cut them out of my life . 
  once tried to contact me again , i responded and when i saw the same patterns in the responses , i just noped out of there . 
  an 8 string guitar . 
  is no potato , only hallucination from malnourish . 
  current 93 - judas as black moth . 
  i liked the bad acting . 
  i mean random people find themselves in a cube - there 's bound to be some silly/stupid shit . 
  i did n't notice the math , or maybe forgot about it , it 's been some time since i saw it . 
  seems like a balloon got away from you there . 
  offended people offend me . 
  i have zero paradoxes for intolerance . 
  best kind of love is the tough one ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  good , because if there 's one thing i do n't tolerate , it 's lactose . 
  tell that to my stomach . 
  it seems to send it back whenever i try to drink it . 
  how does she bend that way ? 
  add a sandwich to that . 
  no no no , hit the bitch , gym the lawyer and up the facebook . 
  i 'll make a woman out of you ? 
  * snip snip *, 
  donald trumps dallas . 
  he 's really shitty . 
  edit : bing bang . 
  [ archer reference ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3lf4rg/what_false_facts_are_thought_as_real_ones_because/cv5r7hk ), 
  criminal scum !, 
  or just be disgusted enough to leave . 
  imagine invading a planet and everyone starts masturbating at you . 
  you do n't have ten minutes ? 
  but that 's a part of life . 
  for example , every now and then i change my eating habits , so i can have a balanced diet . 
  but only when i feel the need for let 's say more meat and less vegetables . 
  then in a while i turn it around - depends on how i feel . 
  or sometimes i would eat a bit more junk food , but when it stops making me feel well , i stop . 
  you just have to reflect and figure out how stuff affects you , then i do n't care if someone faps all day . 
  as long as it does n't affect them in a way that is negative for them . 
  ctrl + w is where the real magic lies . 
  but to be fair any group has people like that . 
  this is noticeable for example in the metal community . 
  i sometimes feel that some people just go out looking for people to judge . 
  like someone is n't `` true '' enough or whatever . 
  was n't metal supposed to be the opposition to the religious , rigid hierarchy and set a way to express yourself in a different way ? 
  it seems to have become the very thing it has opposed . 
  i mean , i do n't give it too much attention , just find people who do n't judge me for listening to other genres than metal ( or the `` wrong '' kind of metal ) . 
  but sometimes it just pisses me off . 
  at least the ninth . 
  * flips table *, 
  yes , but i have met good and bad drivers with bmw 's . 
  if you get eight hours of drugs , you 're probably going to drink your teeth at some point yeah . 
  facebook is pretty much what you make it . 
  you do n't want to see something ? 
  stop following that person or dislike the page .
