  blue , no yellooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow . 
  i had tali as my romantic interest , but when the choice came , i choose geth over quarian . 
  because i felt quarian would retreat and maybe tali would convince them to stop being warmongering nutcases . 
  instead i lost a whole race that day , including my romantic interest . 
  i was so pissed at that part of the game . 
  but then again i seeked refuge in the hand of liara ( i think , not sure ) and all was good again . 
  well it is based on a book that questions morality and choices of humans . 
  heart of darkness - written by joseph conrad . 
  that 's why the commander 's name is conrad - it 's a reference to it 's source material . 
  so yeah it questions the morality of war and doing what you have to do in order to complete your mission . 
  apocalypse now is also inspired by heart of darkness and it also presents the analysis of morality very well in my opinion . 
  do you think you are the messiah , but in truth you are a very naughty boy ? 
  to be fair your name is brian maximus , descendant of naughtius of the roman legion . 
  this thread chain was a bit looney . 
  that the scar on my arm was self-inflicted . 
  i 'm ok now , it happened about 10 years ago . 
  but i do n't want the stigma of attempting suicide and i do n't want my mom to worry even more ( my dad died involuntarily about 25 years ago ) . 
  the rest of the family would just tell her , i 'm sure . 
  mr. johannes faust everyone !, 
  yes i can agree with that he is n't fresh any more . 
  he is older and as you mentioned has been through a lot . 
  maybe he let go of some anger/angst that he had in the old days . 
  it 's a logical step forward and i see that in a lot of bands/artists in general . 
  and do n't get me wrong i 'm not trying to dispute your opinion , just offering my perspective on it . 
  the perception of a change of style ( or a lack of one ) in an artist is a very subjective matter . 
  cheeki breeki y v damki !, 
  i ca n't hold ze fuckin ' club , i will kill everyone in the world !, 
  yes it is . 
  german - it 's a reference to an eddie izzard bit . 
  look up eddie izzard - not sure which show/special it was but he was joking about how hitler went from an artist to mass murdering fuckhead . 
  if you want to get off mr. bones 's ride , just say so . 
  i did n't find ( - ) ions and die eier von satan that scary . 
  but message to harry manback and viginti tres completely freaked me out . 
  * epic tritone riff *, 
  first part ... then it goes into a hippity-hop horse gallop . 
  throbbing gristle in general . 
  i think scary movies 1-3 are funny . 
  true , there are a lot of better parodies ( airplane , top secret , mel brooks 's men in tights , dracula etc. ), 
  but given the actors and producers of scary movie - i was n't all that let down . 
  but when parodies started coming out more and more the quality quickly fell to abyssmal levels - her i 'm thinking about movies like : epic movie , meet the spartans , disaster movie , stan helsing , vampires suck ... 
  scary movie iv was already bad , although watchable for a few laughs . 
  has a few good jokes . 
  but have n't seen v yet , is it worse than iv ? 
  i made that mistake at first - did n't know it was sam 's movie , just picked a random movie to watch and thought it was going to be scary . 
  my gf and i watched it together and we lost it at the goat scene . 
  we still quote that one and just laugh like idiots . 
  yeah the hype is always there lately . 
  obama was the same way . 
  people get so excited about things and wait for them and hype shit up to insane levels . 
  then most are disappointed , because they had this ideal that is unreachable . 
  i feel that does n't only go for movies/series/games but it seems present everywhere . 
  i would n't mind that . 
  but i 'm terrified of the process of dying . 
  not to mention everyone that will die before me . 
  i fell like i 've lost so many loved ones already . 
  out of all the oceans in all the world , he had to come into mine . 
  more like feel uncomfortable and nervous tunes . 
  like a horror movie , but movies show too much , i mean it 's a visual medium . 
  here you get sounds and images are left to your imagination which is a powerful tool . 
  also part deux , which is more or less a parody of 80 's action movies and some other alongside ( like star wars ) . 
  do you make spinach puffs ? 
  well if she goes bananas , she surely wo n't be fine . 
  that 's why it 's the last place you look . 
  because then you found it and you do n't look any more . 
  instructions unclear dick stuck in mind . 
  yes that 's it beg you lowly peasant !, 
  we do n't but people like to sound smart , while pointing out obvious things . 
  ca n't remove now , already completely attached to myself . 
  i can understand that , but sometimes company is nice too . 
  but it 's still better being a fruit than a vegetable . 
  oh , you can see me ? 
  wow dairy products , that 's the forbidden zone . ^ ( yes i 'm lactose intolerant . ), 
  this one is austrian actually . 
  that ai n't mud . 
  optimize your query plan . 
  i know what it means , but it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's like : `` never say never . '', 
  man you just said never . 
  and the fourth one is spawned from the ground ? 
  that 's redundant . 
  there is no stigma attached to physical diseases . 
  while confessing to having mental problems is something most people dismiss with : you must be more positive or man up and take it etc. 
  it is also harder to be empathetic with someone who has mental problems . 
  do the old in and out and then turn her around , that 's what it 's all about , hey !, 
  ooooo do the in and out , ooo do the in and out , ooo do the in and out , that 's what it 's all about , hey !, 
  how does a cute puppy video make it so much worse , than a little boy and his father ( and a lot of other people ? ) . 
  and watching the father be strong for his boy , making everything a game , but the situation is very serious and the little boy will only later find out what his father has done for him ? 
  i think it was a nod to that scene . 
  same profession , different country , biiiig car pile up . 
  ah , i did not catch what you meant by that , sorry . 
  well to be fair , i think samurai jack never was completed and through the years there was talk about a movie , the creators never really stopped working on it . 
  i mean they have n't said . . that 's it . 
  why they decided to go for the series and not the movie , that i do not know . 
  his performance was n't oscar worthy in ex-machina if you ask me . 
  neither was anybody else 's . 
  surely the movie is n't bad , but not good enough for oscars . 
  i usually recommend it to people , the movie poses interesting questions/dilemmas , even though it perhaps does it with a bit of a generic plot . 
  and the acting is n't all that bad , just not good enough when compared to other movies . 
  i think the fault also lies in the script , some dialogue is n't well written . 
  but that is just my opinion .
