  now killing because of culture is another thing . 
  there is a choice there . 
  a deliberate one . 
  killing for survival may also be , but in extreme situations , what else can a person do ? 
  just drop dead ? 
  but a culture must have the capacity to change . 
  otherwise it is doomed . 
  and no it 's not true , we do n't necessarily do what our culture tells us to . 
  there are people that are strong enough to say no to a culture that they do not like . 
  we may be raised in a way ... but one can or should i say must overcome it . 
  find your own path . 
  if you only let your culture define you , then society stagnates instead of advancing . 
  i did n't say it is n't a problem . 
  far from it , it 's a serious problem , but how can i be aware of it , if i do n't encounter it ? 
  and i 'm happy because that means that at least the random group of people i have encountered in my life and the ones my friends have ( otherwise i would have been told of this ) , which means that it 's not that present everywhere . 
  does n't make it less of problem where it is present . 
  oh , sorry , misunderstood . 
  `` ohh look at me , overreacting to an opinion on the internet . 
  har , har , har , my member is this big ! '', 
  i thought she hacked with an axe . 
  that confused me until you explained it . 
  disney 's lion king video game . 
  i know every level instinctively . 
  i played it so many times when i was little that it just stayed in my head . 
  also a bunch of song lyrics and songs on guitar . 
  hey ur bank it 's dad . 
  respect , if someone would have used a hook line on my dick , i 'd be rather miffed . 
  pull on the hook line and i 'm pretty sure that 's what happens . 
  if i would have been a sentient doll , i would n't say a thing . 
  just move every now and then . 
  closer ... closer . . closer . 
  but only when you would close your eyes or turn your back to me . 
  on the other hand if our war heads would have been new and clear , things might get better . 
  redecorating in skyrim is a bloody nightmare . 
  irl you just shuffle all the stuff you have and that 's it . 
   very high intelligence . 
  how is that a flaw ? 
  i can get content being alone to the point where i stop communicating with people for a month or two . 
  hard to keep friends that way . 
  and it 's not that i do n't like people , i just get lost in my own activities . 
  or die of fear . 
  then i would be free . 
  how come ? 
  i mean if you are n't condescending about it , i would consider it one of the most attractive traits . 
  but then again , i 'm not really the person who would have a lot to say about being social . 
  but why ? 
  i mean , from my own perspective if you have information or something to teach me , that makes you way more interesting than someone who just reiterates the same thing over and over . 
  why would people be afraid of intelligence ? 
  different i can understand , but why threatening ? 
  it 's been too long since i had one of those . 
  probably anything if you really do n't want to be bored . 
  i 'm not bothered with nonexistence . 
  i was for the longest time . 
  but i kind of do n't mind dying . 
  i mean it 's not like i want to die , but i just consider it a very important part of life . 
  i wo n't be able to sense nonexistence anyway . 
  everything does n't just turn black , it 's just gone . 
  the path that leads to that point will be horrible though . 
  in any case , i will want to survive . 
  fart in his face . . hey no smoke here , it 's ok . 
  what are you some kind of deputy in the department of redundancy department ? 
  not if that emotion is intense hatred towards the writer . 
  or just a general seizure here and there . 
  fringe had this problem . 
  while it was a very well written show , the plot was getting too complex i think . 
  then j.j. abrams jumped in time and all that changed . 
  as he likes to do . 
  i mean hate is a strong word for it . 
  but i really dislike that one . 
  i mean they are n't a perfect band ... such a thing does n't exist , but this one i always skip . 
  why ? 
  it might be a silly question . 
  ah ok i get it . 
  stops copies mes !, 
  but i would be the doll ... are you saying i can collect transmog humans by killing them ? 
  that 's even better !, 
  hearthfire is basically the sims : skyrim edition . 
  you can make a house and dammit my house will be decorated the way i want it to be . 
  so that 's the only reason . 
   have butter in your fridge, 
  i can get all the rest , but what is the significance of butter in the fridge ? 
  because i really do n't eat it at all and would have it there just for it to spoil . 
  or was it just a metaphor for everyday food ? 
  unless she 's shitty . 
  that depends . 
  some people are crazy , but i once made a face at a baby in a store and the father carrying him just started laughing . 
  thanks , satan . 
   summons, 
  what have you summoned ? 
   do n't be afraid to disagree with a woman ( especially if it 's just about something like taste in music ) out of some vague desire to `` say yes '' to her . 
  i would say that goes for all people . 
  i mean even in friendships , it gets boring if someone agrees with you about literally everything . 
  that means no conversation . 
  and while it 's nice to think the same thing without communicating , i think too much of that would n't be good for a relationship . 
  especially if it 's fake . 
  that 's the worst . 
  i 'll touch my own , thank you very much . 
   bit of a deus ex machina, 
  not just a bit there . 
  they complicated the story so much and made them so formidable , that i think the third game should have been about double in size if they wanted to really wrap it up or they should have released one or two more games for that .
