  and surely i lack in a lot of technique , but i have fun learning songs i really want to play . 
  it 's more of a hobby for me anyway . 
  how long do you play ? 
  yeah that is a bit insane . 
  i mean , i 'm all for positive thinking and you know not depressing yourself . 
  but if you feel you have to grieve for something , do so . 
  do n't negate negative stuff that happens , it 's unhealthy . 
  a couple of hours is a good time . 
  at first i had to drop the guitar after about an hour due to fingers/wrists hurting me . 
  then once i changed the way i hold the guitar , it got easier . 
  now i could play the whole day , if i had the time . 
  i agree that theory is universal , but movements are different . 
  i 'm having trouble learning the piano , since i ca n't separate my hands the way i do on guitar . 
  something lovecraftian . 
  call of cthulu , at the mountains of madness , the nameless city , under the pyramid , the statement of randolph carter , the music of eric zahn ... there are a lot of choices . 
  music of my selection . 
  nickelback is n't included in that category . 
  well yeah it 's simple physics . 
  if you are too near the train , bs ca n't hit them because he ca n't shoot at that angle . 
  so you go a bit further away and it still takes a while , but he makes it usually . 
  for me getting the car driving license was the hardest part of gta : sa . 
  sure the airplanes and helicopters gave me some problems until i got used to the controls , but i was done with it in an afternoon . 
  it was really fun and i wanted to fly the harrier . 
  but you always get an extra life in the first cave . 
  so any time you die - go to the first cave for 1up , then to the third one and find your path home . 
  once you learn the pattern it 's very easy . 
  i 've never had more problems with any other game , than kai len on insanity in me3 . 
  what do you find so scary about it ? 
  blockout , but only one game , since it was on my mom 's computer and each of us got one game to play . 
  when we could play for a bit longer the first games i had were alley cat , tetris , freddy fish and a game i have yet to find . 
  it was a truck driving/vehicular combat game . 
  never did find it again . 
  all three matrix movies . 
  i watch them at least once a year . 
  ruby : hey man , what 's this thing with all these numbers ? 
  vito : it 's a. . it 's a. . . 
  it 's a. . . 
  ruby : no no no if it were a bomb alarms would be going off , this place has sensors ... not sure exactly what he says he speaks too fast . 
  * alarms start blaring , weird looks , me laughing like a moron . 
  i got this one as a gift for xbox one , still do n't have xbox ( in the future once i will ... ) , but what is so bad about it ? 
  why ? 
  next time use all of your fingers and you can type faster . 
  i agree , they have a right to change . 
  but i think that st. anger along with load was a failed experiment . 
  it just did n't resonate with me . 
  i really prefer death magnetic . 
  saying that , surely there are some good moments on it , but for me load and st. anger are two albums i do n't really listen to . 
  curb is their first . 
  but if i would have to listen to one entire album , i would have chosen their second one - the state . 
  i could go through silver side up anything beyond that , there may be a song or two that i would like , but not whole albums . 
  i had a suicide phase . 
  i was also in the wrong company and it was hard to get out . 
  opeth - ghost reveries ( especially if it includes the soldier of fortune cover ) . 
  porcupine tree - the incident, 
  decapitated - organic hallucinosis, 
  agalloch - ashes against the grain, 
  why do you consider roll the bones dark ? 
  i got a very light vibe from it . 
  why do you consider it dark ? 
  unless we get tommy wiseau to work on it . 
  i played f.e.a.r. 
  with headphones while listening to anaal nathrakh . 
  that was really an awesome experience . 
  i guess the music took away the fear factor of the game . 
  i agree . 
  horror movies with crazy people always scare me more than any demons/monsters . 
  event horizon . 
  what are you in soviet russia , that you have a fucking job ? 
  because in capitalist america , job fucks you . 
  when people have tunnel vision and ca n't see the whole screen . 
  a : `` click the x button to close it '', 
  b : `` i ca n't see any x button '', 
  a : `` it 's right there in the upper right corner of the window '', 
  b : * proceeds to first rectangle they see in the window * `` i ca n't see it ! '', 
  and then they scroll through the entire page looking for the x button which is in the same place all the time . 
  and after about a half an hour you just leave them to find it on their own . 
  i just start talking about my interests and ask them about theirs . 
  sometimes when the other person is n't interested in something i am , i change the subject - go to broader and broader topics . 
  because i start with something that really interests me so i can talk about it for some time . 
  well the first one was directly related to the second one . 
  and some issues i had on my own that i would be able to deal with ( and have now ) , if i would n't have the company problems , for which i am partially to blame as well . 
  not silly at all . 
  it could have been an irrational phobia . 
  could have been rationally cautious - after some bad experience with dogs . 
  depends how much time you can spend at the computer . 
  the fifth level was harder and the eighth was the one that was impossible for me when i was 7 . 
  and it 's not the best but it is n't that bad either . 
  make a screenshot . 
  next time someone asks me how i 'm feeling , i 'm going to say dismembered . 
  why does everyone ignore the fact that cigarettes calm you down ? 
  if you 're living a totally stressful life , you wo n't live long either . 
  i 'm not saying that i am in favour of smoking but being a smoker is almost becoming a stigma . 
  i do n't smoke cigarettes , i use the hookah every now and then . 
  i just do n't feel that i need to do it , which is way better than with cigarettes . 
  go to tunisia and you 'll never again drink tapwater without asking if it 's safe . 
  well she would probably prefer another lesbian . 
  the problem is that the crash often includes another car and people who are n't even remotely at fault . 
  or maybe he has someone else in his/her car that is also innocent . 
  on the road an angry driver is everyone 's problem . 
  when he gets close enough that is .
