  yes , i agree with your observation . 
  that 's why i wrote that more people should pay attention to positive news . 
  i do n't want to live in such a paranoid world any more . 
  sure some fear is justified but hearing bad news all day is very bad . 
  i mentioned it because i noticed only negative news in this thread . 
  even though they do deserve exposure - but the truth does n't sell either . 
  because ketchup is meant as a side dish in the view of general public and anyone who uses it otherwise is clearly the spawn of satan . 
  lack of oil . 
  or someone telling me it 's god 's plan . 
  makes me so mad . 
  i am not a racist but some people are . 
  i know , right ? 
  pisses me off . 
  no , but with it i could myself an 8-string and practice it , instead of listening to you . 
  i heard that . 
  yeah , i did n't mean that aimed at you . 
  i get it from the context of the question - just posted my response to people who say that . 
  because usually that would make me happy as a hummingbird on speed . 
  i have n't really noticed it that much , which parts are the ones that were bad due to the strike ? 
  that 's why i wrote it here under the news that people should be paying attention too and are n't . 
  down vote him/her to be sure . 
  someone should have slapped her ass when she did that . 
  man that would be a shitstorm . 
  hey man , how 's plunkett doing these days ? 
  oh shit , the second case sounds horrible . 
  i mean in the first one the teacher was being a dick , but the second one . . 
  i would n't be able to stay quiet in your case . 
  would probably get in trouble , since i 'm not a violent/angry person by nature , but if you get me really mad , i will take it too far . 
  my dad also died , but it was a year and a week after my birth , so i do n't remember him either . 
  but living in a small town , everyone knew and all the teachers were notified , so stuff like this never happened . 
  it also helped that i had a brother and sister attending the school before me , so they knew which family i was from and thus were aware of the situation . 
  i was very lucky as a kid regarding this situation . 
  i 'm sorry that happened to you . 
  slimy , but satisfying . ^ ( that 's what she said ), 
  i found the secretary way better . 
  the story outline is very similar . 
  a shy , depressed girl comes to work for mr. grey ( yup same name ) and the movie goes on to explore their sexuality and relationship . 
  but i found it way better . 
  like a bit of an awkward romantic comedy , but really romantic not that bullshit romance you see in these kind of movies . 
  them lemon stealing whores !, 
  then why do you always cry when i turn the light on ? 
  if you only saw the torture and all that , then you have n't really watched it . 
  i mean yeah there is too much of it , but there are a lot of good things in the movie too . 
  i loved the representation of the devil throughout the whole movie . 
  and all spoken in arameic . . that 's just awesome . 
  petrol and then after two minutes when i 'm well into drowning have someone light it so i could be burning and drowning at the same time . 
  try donating blood . 
  it has become quite a routine for me . 
  but then again if it makes you too sick and too afraid , i can completely understand that . 
  as i wrote in another thread ( same as this one ) - petrol . 
  and after about two minutes someone would light it on fire , so i would be drowning and burning at the same time . 
  username checks out . 
  that would be some funny shit . 
  the latvian movie , instead of malnourish and cold you get potato . 
  i 've got gay teeth . 
  they are fabulous . 
  nah , i was just kidding , you wrote you have super straight teeth , so i made a joke about it . 
  if the scatman can do it , so can you . 
  i do n't think my family would make a great sims game :d, 
  if i can really go for anything , i would say it would be filled with spider eggs , which would pop when you bite them and a million little spiders broke free in your mouth . 
  also anything sharp really ( razorblades/needles ) . 
  oh that 's a good one . 
  where sally tells everyone her boyfriend is a surgeon but he 's really a butcher and he asks him to cut his leg off . 
  do you mean : fatheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer !, 
  i lost it at that point , the power in his voice and the facial expression . 
  just brilliant . 
  first season got me hooked . 
  the first part was so so , when i first watched it - they set up the story . 
  i mean it was good , but it was the second part that got me . 
  the stress guy , whom they completely destroy , the fire thing , the new emergency services and the shoes . 
  and the witchsmeller persuviant ( or something like that ) . 
  when edmund is in the hearing , that 's just the funniest ever . 
  w : can you say the lord 's prayer ? 
  e : i can say it backwards if you 'd like . 
  w : blasphemer !!!, 
  i mean how edmund always finds a way to destroy himself even when he is confident in what he is doing is just hilarious . 
  tv is n't really something a person needs to have . 
  the internet can replace it . 
  well at least in my case . 
  i do n't have a tv either and the only reason i 'm going to buy one is so i can play games on a console . 
  i know , right . 
  well yeah the idiots and psychos of a group are usually the loudest and most shocking . 
  that 's what the people remember . 
  talk about something sensible ? 
  you 'll get a you 're right and then they will forget about you . 
  not everyone of course , i do n't mean to generalize . 
  also parents buying their children games that clearly are n't meant for them . 
  and not really putting stuff into context . 
  i mean parents think video games are only meant for children , but clearly they are n't any more . 
  a good example for his is spec ops : the line . 
  i would n't let my child play that game until he reaches a certain age . 
  i mean would you let your child watch apocalypse now ? 
  it 's pretty much the same story ( both take their story from the book heart of darkness ) . 
  but some parents do n't care and just buy the game without realising what it 's about . 
  and spec ops : the line has some very hard themes in it 's story - a big question of morality and perception/self-reflection . 
  buy that for an 8 year old and not put it into context - sure they will get the wrong idea . 
  even putting this into context has a lot of philosophy behind it and exposing someone very young to that kind of thing is n't the best idea . 
  and all it takes is to write the name of the game into a search engine and reading a bit about it . 
  but it 's easier to blame the gaming industry . 
  agreed .
