  but i had a female character . 
  i like wow and i have quite a few characters . 
  with one i decided to not be a guy all the time ( already have three male characters ) , so i decided to make a female . 
  man there were two dudes that followed me pretty much everywhere . 
  and one would just open the trade window , without even asking anything . 
  and if i accepted what was offered they were all `` flirty '' and what not and if i have n't one of them said that i shamed him for refusing his `` gift '' . 
  i kept that character , but i hate when stuff like this happens , made me feel weird . 
  well i can see how i could have taken advantage of this . 
  but to come up to someone and just open a trade window is considered very rude . 
  unless done by accident , shit happens . 
  but here it was no accident . 
  random people you meet just give you stuff and want something in return ? 
  right , yeah that is creepy . 
  ohne dich or seeman could work . 
  watershed is great in 5.1 , all them voices and keyboard noises coming from different sides . 
  it 's just phenomenal . 
  so i could read it all . 
  i like reading such things . 
  also the elberethil help us part made me laugh . 
  in the middle of my back swing ?!, 
  and at some point he wants to name a ship enterprise . 
  on the other hand , to only slip in a trope like this an have such awesome action sequences - i do n't really mind . 
  i mean the question of the movie is n't if john wick will or will not get revenge , it 's how he will accomplish that . 
  since he is one man ( two if you argue that dafoe is actually dafriend and also a bit of help from a certain hotel ) against a very powerful organisation . 
  nah , it 's ok to have your own taste . 
  i did n't mind her presence in the prestige . 
  not sully then . 
  well his lookalike elijah wood was the one that destroyed spider man . 
  i mean that silly dancing ? 
  i was joking , because apparently a person above has mistaken the two actors , or was also joking . 
  my own death/suicide . 
  i came to chernobyl for the cheeki , but stayed for the breeki . 
  yeah it 's sequel movie 43 was better . 
  happens to everyone sooner or later . 
  not anymore . 
  thank you , i will if the need arises . 
  and vice versa also applies , if you ever run into trouble and just want to talk , you are welcome to do the same . 
  death of my father - i never knew him . 
  i mean i saw him and all , but i ca n't remember . 
  i was one year old . 
  it left a big void . 
  i miss someone , that i never even knew what he looked like , sounded like or if i go by the strongest sensation for memories - smelled like . 
  i have no recollection of him , when i look at pictures i see a stranger . 
  i 'm angry and envious at other people sometimes , for having what i will never be able to have . 
  i do n't feel good enough , i always lag behind , since most people have been taught some basic skills by their parents , i was n't all that much . 
  and i do n't resent my mom for it , she had a lot on her plate when she was left alone with us . 
  it 's a miracle she has n't gone completely insane . 
  but i never felt connected to her either . 
  she had a vision for me , but i have my own and she did n't take that well . 
  maybe it 's a control thing , since it was taken away from her , so quickly in life . 
  it 's not like i hate her , but i just do n't feel like i ever belonged in her vision of the world . 
  i feel like i do n't belong anywhere for most of the time . 
  it 's like i 'm an adult with childish problems . 
  but i 'm dealing with it . 
  with a little help from my friends and gf . 
  you know that time when you did something wrong and it affected someone else ? 
  what if it altered their way of life ? 
  the way he throws some money on the aliens he ran over and killed . 
  and saying that it does n't have to go further than that in a very annoyed voice . 
  is he walking on the carpets in his fluffy shoes and discharging electric energy at random ? 
  how is this not acceptable ? 
  i mean my mom would sleep everyday for at least half an hour after lunch , since we would usually have lunch when she came home . 
  no one said a thing . 
  that line is delivered in such a badass way , but it 's so ridiculous . 
  so the rest of the papal gear gives +606 faith ? 
  and a +111 while buffed , flasked and whatnot ? 
  how does one grok properly ? 
  how dare you call me squishy ?!, 
  but who needs health when you have +777 faith ? 
  that or maybe he was a combination of frustrated , because he did n't make it and felt bad , since seeing someone die x times would be unsettling . 
  especially someone who helped train you and now it 's your turn to save them . 
  to be fair it 's not about the dog really . 
  i mean surely if it was just any dog , he probably would n't go on a killing streak . 
  or maybe . 
  but that particular dog was all that was left of his wife . 
  she sent him that dog . 
  at the least it was symbolic . 
  it drove him on , helped him cope with her death . 
  kept him sane . 
  and his wrath seems like one of a patient man - it wo n't come quickly , but once it does , there is no stopping him . 
  he loved his wife , who has sent him that dog . 
  and not every story needs a big twist . 
  i mean they are a welcome addition if done properly . 
  but sometimes a normal story is just good enough if the world around it is well built . 
  to your examples i would add the road . 
  there are no twists in that movie , just a story about a father and a son trying to survive and the objective is the same throughout the whole movie - getting to the place where other people who carry the fire are . 
  no need for any complicated twists . 
  same with children of men . 
  sometimes it feels more natural if the story just goes forward . 
  same thing happened with terminator salvation . 
  revealed the main plot twist . 
  or snatch for that matter . 
  lotr will be tough to remake . 
  i feel as if most actors were very much on point in that one . 
  ian mckellen , viggo mortensen , andy serkis , christopher lee , hugo weaving , sean bean and cate blanchett would be hard to replace . 
  i mean not that the rest were bad actors or anything , but these i feel are the ones that would be the hardest to replace . 
  i thought the opposite . 
  the barrel scene would n't bother me that much if i could relate to the characters at all . 
  but most of them fell flat on stereotypes , which really bothered me . 
  they were shallow .
