  i hope you keep on finding little reasons like these to not end your life . 
  and eventually figure out that little reasons combined together are big reasons to stay alive . 
  i 've been down that road , even tried it once , but it was the little things that helped me get through it . 
  once you figure out how many little reasons you have to not die - life might get better for you . 
  i do hope you can fix or manage the underlying problem that drives you to contemplate such thoughts . 
  i 'm managing right now as it has n't completely gone away , but hopefully someday those thoughts will be gone as some nights are harder to get through than others . 
  pm me if you need to talk . 
  / r/eleventoesmasterrace, 
   ~ ~ creepy damn ~ ~ cute, 
  ftfy, 
  how can you have beef , if you 're having chicken ? 
  * wrlrlrlrl, 
  when you get it , please send it to me too . 
  that was what i thought of too . 
  in that case a lifetime supply would feel very good because of the money we would save . 
  but if i 'm lucky i will only need about 12 coffins in total before it 's my turn . 
  actually others need a coffin for that , you do n't bury yourself . 
  so you may need more than one in your life time . 
  but hopefully not too many . 
  hey farva ... 
  i prefer randomizing it . 
  makes the civilization bonuses fun . 
  i like surprises . 
  magenta . 
  turn on water , aim nozzle at self - go through your whole body . 
  apply soap , shampoo if you need to , turn on water , aim nozzle at self , again through the whole body and you 're done . 
  sometimes , mostly no . 
  they are just waiting for tool to contribute the soundtracks . 
  well a person can be interested in weapons and tactics without serving . 
  a good example of this is airsoft/paintball . 
  you do n't have to be a soldier at any point in your life to enjoy that . 
  hell i do n't want to be exposed to that kind of danger that soldiers are , but i still find weapons interesting from an engineering point of view as well as usage of weapons . 
  but i would n't kill anyone - unless some form of extreme circumstances force me into it . 
  if by army guy you meant someone who acts like he served but did n't - yeah that is scary . 
  i would never pretend that i have . 
  you could probably call yourself god . 
  made family - made them as awesome as they can be ( paradise ) . 
  then you get bored and fuck their shit up ( hell ) , but in the end there is a sim you just like too much to kill , so you show mercy . 
  are you kidding ? 
  companies have whole divisions for this . 
  it 's made from the association that if you commit violent acts in games , that you will be violent in real life . 
  sure there is a potential there , but there has to also be a predisposition to that kind of behaviour . 
  even physical stress alone is a lot greater , without the psychological toil it takes to kill someone . 
  guns are heavy and aiming accurately while holding a heavy gun is harder , not to mention breathing and so on . 
  and then there is recoil . 
  hold the weapon incorrectly and you might injure yourself . 
  compare that to moving your mouse and clicking a button . 
  but it has the best silver lining you could think of . 
  there is so much horror the father and the son go through . 
  but together they also find good things like food and shelter . 
  they take care of each other . 
  but more important than all - the father is caring enough to take care of the child until the end . 
  the father-child bond is so strong that it makes all the horror bearable . 
  there is always the reminder of the fire the father carries and passes on to his son . 
  even in the harshest of situations , even where most people that surround them have lost it - gave into their primal needs , they keep to what they believe and that is inspiring . 
  the way they both suffer for each other . 
  can i use two obelixes instead ? 
  i like teasing . 
  and lingerie/stockings are a good start . 
  also life of brian . 
  julie i 'd do the stars with you any time . 
  could n't find a single line , but here is a verse :, 
  discard your clothes . 
  let loose your hair . 
  we 're intertwined forever and have always been . 
  say the word and i 'll depart . 
  upon your lips dwells nothing but the meaning of my cause . 
  maximus decimus meridius , commander of the armies of the north , general of the felix legions . 
  a loyal servant to the true emperor marcus aurelius . 
  father to a murdered son , husband to a murdered wife and he will have his vengeance in this life or the next . 
  run away - fight them until i can . 
  when it gets bad enough and given that it 's an apocalypse it will get bad - kill myself . 
  i do n't want to become one of them . 
  the road by cormac mccarthy . 
  it 's the most beautiful and at the same time the most fucked up book i ever read . 
  because those eagles do n't belong to gandalf and it 's a miracle they even helped as much as they have . 
  [ more info if you are interested . 
  ] ( http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/great_eagles ), 
  i like the contrast . 
  even though some scenes are very disturbing . 
  but i feel that the environment only serves to show and emphasize their bond and the strength they find for each other . 
  it would n't make such an impact if the circumstances were too mundane . 
  i 'm biased . 
  it depicts something i 'll never have . 
  and that 's why it really sticks with me . 
  but then again , i never found tolkien 's writing too boring either and a lot of people say that they have . 
  i have not , but i will check it out . 
  thank you for the recommendation . 
  what you walked away from is what i seek in books . 
  and i 'm not talking about the shock value that would haunt my dream , but anything that can shock me be it rationally or emotionally to the point that i have to think it through , makes a book stand out from the rest . 
  sure , there is also reading for fun , i wo n't always read heavy books . 
  but if it shakes me up a bit and gives me some thoughts to entertain - dark or not , those are the books i really like . 
  to each his own . 
  i liked the randomness of it . 
  in the apocalyptic wasteland wandering around - what else could happen rather than random events ? 
  what did you not like about the way it is written ? 
  could you describe this state in more detail ( if it 's not too personal ) ? 
  i may have misunderstood you . 
  wow , beautiful . 
  but if they were n't then the story would be a lot shorter .
