  wife !, 
  sister !, 
  wife !, 
  sister !, 
  wife !, 
  sister !, 
  i never took the fast and the furious franchise seriously , so i took it as a joke in that movie . 
  like hey let 's take a trope and just go over the top with it . 
  it could have been a great movie . 
  also change main actor . 
  i do n't mind mark wahlberg , he just did n't fit the role in my opinion . 
  no , i was wrong . 
  i know now . 
  i mean if that 's true ( given that this is the internet ) , that 's one hell of a story !, 
  i 've got a stick , maybe i should poke you to check if you might be alive . 
  well great , that was an awesome directing decision by brooks then . 
  what if people only perceive you as grumpy when you really are n't ? 
  happens to me all the time . 
  i 'm not depressed or mad or anything , but i 'm not super excited and funny either . 
  angry or sad by my experience . 
  i disagree . 
  smith never could understand humans . 
  he was very much nihilistic in the wrong way . 
  in his `` why mr. anderson '' rant he dismisses everything that is positive about humanity and still neo shows him that it 's programming vs. choice . 
  as neo says in reloaded - the problem is choice . 
  and he repeats this with his response `` because i choose to . '', 
  smith was never free to choose . 
  even when neo `` set him free '' , smith wreaked havoc like a little child who tastes freedom for the first time and gives up into his own impulses , leaving him just as he said in the first matrix - to multiply and move on to the next area ( he does make it into the real world ) , he becomes the very virus he was fighting against . 
  in the first part . 
  he was free from the moment that neo destroyed him and eventually became what he said humans are . 
  how are they right ? 
  only to be dismissed by his own actions . 
  are we not a part of the world ? 
  how was commodus right ? 
  i mean it 's obvious he is the villain because he 's basically incapable of understanding how to rule and kills his father just because he recognized this and would give the position to maximus . 
  because they treat you differently . 
  they assume that they should leave me alone because i 'm angry and/or sad . 
  some people are not completely honest , because they think i feel bad enough and so on . 
  while i 'm just a normal human . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't laugh at every joke they make , and that i ca n't act surprised and excited about every little thing . 
  oh ok , that i agree with . 
  but the way they put that to action was a bit wrong in my opinion . 
  but then again from a certain point of view , the human resistance can be seen as negative . 
  well they would do what they were programmed to do . 
  to us it seems futile , to them it would be everything . 
  thanks for this . 
  but sometimes i have to take a look at myself too , am i doing something wrong and so on , because if it happens too often it might atually be something i did . 
  you know the saying if you smell shit all day it might be on the bottom of your shoe . 
  please elaborate on that . 
  while i can see that point of view , i do n't agree at all . 
  i mean if we are an anomaly because of our evolution , then everyone is an anomaly and thus no one is . 
  we just adapted to our environment , but we made our environment safe and comfortable so yeah going back to where we were would require a lot of adaptation back to that state . 
  also i do n't agree that nature and world are the same thing . 
  i 'm not trying to say you 're wrong , or that your perspective is invalid , i just strongly disagree . 
  spotify , google music and last.fm . 
  all three have recommendations and similar artists . 
  once you go down the rabbit hole of the similar artist section , you can go from metal to pop sooner or later . 
  it 's like reading stuff on wikipedia or tvtropes . 
  meshuggah - swarm , it just has a great flow . 
  edit : also devin townsend project - planet of the apes . 
  the ability to self-reflect . 
  because it implies that you have empathy and a sense of humour about yourself . 
  if you can truly self-reflect that is . 
  scrubs used music very well . 
  and some good music too . 
  what i really like about it is that there is no canned laughter . 
  it 's always music that transitions one sketch to another . 
  or j.d. 
  's narration accompanied by music . 
  how do we make the environment adapt to us ? 
  mojo jojo ? 
   look up misophonia . 
  does sarcastically mimicing the sound of a computer error also count ? 
  so going super sayian is an hommage to popeye or something ? 
  well maybe they had another vegetable in mind , not spinach . 
  dj mr. worldwide, 
  i 'm afraid of op 's mom . 
  me sucking at said thing . 
  you 'd have a shitload of dimes . 
  no one would have to go back to get them . 
  it 's even better when other people assume that because you do n't have kids you can take care of theirs for a while - you know to give them a break . 
  it 's not a problem every now and then , i understand everyone needs help sometimes , but i have other shit to do . 
  there is a reason why i do n't have kids of my own and it 's not to take care of other people 's kids . 
  maybe they skate in their free time . 
  you know when they are n't murdering . 
  not sure ... my gateway drug was what most people call the best of . 
  it 's horror games - i started with amnesia : the dark descent . 
  i mean you could say a lot of games i played had a horror aspect to them ( metro , stalker for example ) , but there you are rarely helpless . 
  but having played amnesia i also went for soma , alien : isolation , hell i even like a machine for pigs very much . 
  but the one that freaked me out the most was amnesia : justine . 
  it 's short , but so fucked up . 
  my other hobby is music . 
  i have no idea what the gateway drug is there . 
  hearing a really great tune and seeking for more ? 
  that 's what happened to me . 
  now i play music . 
  hopefully in a few years , i will be writing . 
  i frequently die in my dreams . 
  sometimes by my own design , other times i fight for my life . 
  but my death is often a theme .
