  you know the finger . 
  i know the finger goose . 
  * cringe all round *, 
  you can stick 'em anywhere you like . 
  this one makes me melancholic . 
  her voice and the whole message . 
  maybe it 's because of fallout that it has a bit of a sombre undertone for me , but it makes me anything but calm . 
  hm , i always thought it was a woman . 
  never did check . 
  interesting . 
  while listening to music on headphones i either mumble words ( silently or not too silently ) , tap the rhythm with my legs , fingers - depends if i am sitting down or standing . 
  i try to walk by the rhythm , usually follow drums , sometimes guitar , depends on the song . 
  or play air guitar but not that anyone would notice it ( moving fingers not having hands in the actual shape of a guitar ) . 
  in a lawn chair with a smoke and some booze , watching as the whole place would explode . 
  this goes both ways . 
  makes any person creepy . 
  but how could you have known if the response was always the same ? 
  how would you determine that ? 
  any muff you want , just not mine . ^ ( just kidding , i 'm a dude ), 
  but that means persistence to find the right question . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  i 'm here to talk , not gather points . 
  watching this destroyed me for a while . 
  it 's like the deal with the devil and pretty much how my dreams are going at the moment . 
  killing my pet rat , since he could n't live well any more - tumours and some neurological trauma as a result . 
  could n't even keep his balance , barely ate . 
  combine that with leaving for home after a great vacation with my gf ( she is in a foreign country at the moment for studies , but i came over for christmas and new year ) and i was crying like a little bitch on the plane home . 
  are you talking about meo1 ? 
  for me no ... as long as i know you mean me , i do n't care if you shorten my name . 
  the only people i really know that have truly cared about this were parents of children who ca n't tell me that they do or do n't care about me shortening their names . 
  dillinger escape plan vocalist climbing on the support beam of the stage really high and then letting go with his hands , only held on with his legs . 
  this was at brutal assault in czech republic about three to four years ago . 
  that whole performance was crazy in a good way . 
  well yeah they had some very funny episodes . 
  but went downhill , same for two and a half men . 
  not all that good , but some episodes are funny . 
  who would n't be annoying if their spouse was all of a sudden keeping so many secrets from them and then figure out they are cooking meth and killing people ? 
  her not being annoying from walter 's point of view would be wrong . 
  i mean looking at it objectively , i think she 's right and walter becomes a fucking monster . 
  man the first time he said that , i had to stop the show . 
  but then again i feel the first season is better to season five 's constant cliffhangers and stuff just randomly happening . 
  first season was slow , i agree , but it set up a lot of things for latter seasons . 
  then they added new players , who are n't well presented or established . 
  i know they ca n't include everything and i would n't want that . 
  but a lot of things seem random , since we were n't shown certain things . 
  i also find it a bit rushed sometimes . 
  agreed , that 's why i liked the first seasons , where the emphasis was on the characters and not so much on the plot . 
  and i do understand that they have to move the plot along . 
  but feels rushed sometimes , they should n't forget the characters . 
  do n't blame the show , for it 's fandom . 
  surely a person can change . 
  i mean if that 's the case , me and everyone around me are pretty much boned . 
  is that the v-card that someone mentioned in another thread a few days ago ? 
  they said they lost it and i did n't understand what the big deal was , i guess i know now . 
  to me it 's more like someone cheating on him or leaving him - that 's why he wonders if she 'll come back again . 
  and i 've been at the point where i had to choose if i want her to come back or no . 
  it was n't pleasant . 
  and i chose no . 
  still wonder what might have been . 
  no seriously . 
  i mean , we have to decide within a few times of seeing someone if they are `` sane '' and good enough for us to give them their number . 
  it does n't matter if you 're a guy or a girl , but how can one determine that ? 
  it 's always a bit of a risk . 
  i know i made that mistake once . 
  the only thing missing is making certain npc 's and the dragonborn have voices from archer . 
  so instead of charging , you would be kind of leisurely strutting to war ? 
  action radar , shot down and spitfire would work very well . 
  what ? 
  since when ? 
  why ? 
  but the funny part for me is , that jews have the scapegoat - a tradition where they send away a goat that carries all their sins or something similar , i 'm not sure of the details . 
  whereas jesus is usually called a lamb of god and all , but the tradition is the same - he died for our sins and that is being celebrated every year as well . 
  god sent him `` into the wild '' to carry our sins away , according to the bible . 
  i like to mix up the handies . 
  if i could fart myself to the moon i would only cabbage and cheese , then drink a lot of beer . 
  i would say it 's a parody of men being brought up to not feel things . 
  same with homer , just add the dumb part as in average guy , who has dumb luck . 
  in family guy everyone is stupid/crazy to a certain degree . 
  male vs. 
  female stereotype . 
  dude you might want to see a shrink for that . 
  multiple personality disorder can be a problem . 
  opeth - by the pain i see in others, 
  did n't you pay attention ? 
  steal them and then feel them . 
  any holiday that is big enough to stay at home from my job , but small enough , that you do n't have to visit anyone ( so i get to choose who i can visit ) . 
  i never understood how can a tv show `` ruin '' a book series . 
  those who just want to watch the show , would n't read the books anyway . 
  i however agree , that the visual medium translates books poorly sometimes . 
  and starting with something very contradictory to the books is a bad start . 
  but wo n't you still get the same pleasure from reading the books ? 
  decapitated - post ( ? ) organic . 
  it 's relentless . 
  no way , i was dating her cousin sweaty palm . 
  of course . 
  but it 's best if the tears are of joy rather than sadness . 
  but either way goes . 
  the title made me think : just another attention seeker . 
  but when i saw the picture , i fully understood why you are so used to being roasted . 
  well at first i do n't even get it .
