  it 's funny to me and it happens to me too . 
  for example :, 
  once i wrote that i 'm worried that i ca n't hear sounds of frequency above 18000 khz . 
  and a friend made fun of me and only after we exchanged a few comments i noticed it should be 18 khz . 
  then when i realized his responses were jokes , we both had a good laugh . 
  happens to me a lot and it always freaks me out . 
  do n't be such a specifist . 
  so basically m * ( ilf ) ^ 2 ? 
  dlc downloadable content to download . 
  i liked it at the beginning , but then after season two i liked it less and less . 
  if you look at it as a metaphor then it makes a lot of sense - at least to me . 
  what was it that did n't make sense to you ? 
  interesting . 
  this move got me into coen brothers . 
  it was just so over the top and hilarious . 
  like kiss kiss , bang bang or something like that . 
  i like the contrast in how they deal with her disease . 
  spoiler warning !, 
  it 's as if she knows that she does n't have much time and just wants to be with him , while he ignores her a bit too much trying to save her and never gets to say goodbye , because he was too busy saving her to spend time with her . 
  sounds like tina belcher . 
  apparently the king in the north !, 
  mass effect - once you 're deep enough into the story , but not at the last 10 minutes yet . 
  bioshock - all three of them really and that includes the infinite dlc . 
  courage the cowardly dog . 
  it can be beautiful , haunting or just silly . 
  sometimes all three at the same time . 
  the music is perfect , the characters are over the top and the last episode is just a perfect conclusion for the whole show . 
  waving something in my face , right before my eyes . 
  very few little things anger me as much as this does . 
  if you would look up the word idiot , you would not get a picture of me , but the definition of the word idiot which i fucking am . 
  why not use that as motivation to be better ? 
  you do n't have to be the best , but you can be one of the best . 
  i mean yeah it 's a hard realization that can knock you down , but do n't give up because of it . 
  what is preventing you from finding happiness ? 
  as for meaning . . you can create one for yourself . 
  i 'm content with not having meaning . 
  it 's the happiness that 's enough for me . 
  you mean birthmark as in astrology ? 
  then cancer . 
  if you mean birthmark as in spots on your body . . what can i say , i have to beware of meat grinders or something . . those things are all over me . 
  is there a place where we could listen to your music ? 
  like soundcloud or something similar ? 
  in that case i 'm apparently staying a child forever . 
  also morrison 's books of poetry are very good . 
  i 'm not defending him as a person , i do n't know what he was like , but his was creative and wrote some great lyrics . 
  he was also a very good vocalist . 
  his lifestyle is another story . 
  does clairvoyance not work in the soul cairne ? 
  obviously with those writings of jiub ( or whatever his name is ) it should n't work . 
  but the rest are all marked so clairvoyance should lead you to the exit eventually as well . 
  could you explain this please ? 
  or point me to some text that explains it . 
  true , but using clairvoyance with the local map opened you can find pretty much anything . 
  the soul cairn is not that hard to navigate through . 
  i am great magician ... your clothes are red !, 
  a great band at a concert . 
  the speed is dependent on the rhythm . 
  if it 's too fast , i 'll take a half or a quarter of it , really depends on a few other factors too . 
  til ancient greeks lived in slow motion . 
  not if you 're a bandit . 
  judging by the fact that they resort to attacking the dragonborn just for gear . 
  not even witnessing the consumption of a dragon soul stops them . 
  well that depends on my mood . 
  something calm ( ish ) : steven wilson - hand . 
  can not . 
  i ca n't explain that well , but the subject of isolation speaks to me a lot . 
  not to mention the great musicianship and some mood changing , so the album does n't stagnate too much . 
  i really like the album and the artwork that comes along with it . 
  something not so calm : anaal nathrakh - in the constellation of the black widow . 
  it 's just mayhem , chaos from start to finish . 
  i love it , it 's calming to me . 
  gets me focused . 
  plot twist : op is a hobbit . 
  i think that 's what makes him crazy . 
  that 's old testament god kind of crazy . 
  kill everyone because most of them are corrupt anyway ... yeah right and ignore everyone else , who would have died alongside them . 
  you make a judgement to kill those who deserve to die , what about those that died and deserved to live ? 
  and also those that will die and would have deserved to live ? 
  it 's entirely unfair and inhumane . 
  would he kill himself in the end as well ? 
  a bunch of guys and they mostly walk around . 
  sometimes they run but only for short distances . 
  at a point one character tells them to fly and shows them how to do it , but they ca n't do it and get really upset about it . 
  they all really like jewelry . 
  some more than others . 
  i think the old man might have been a bit of a spender , he does n't even dare to take one piece of jewelry offered free of charge . 
  it seems a bit much to me to send a bunch of guys to return one piece of jewelry , just because they do n't like it , even though secretly they all want to have it . 
  to be fair , mark wahlberg is the guy who does his job . 
  you must be talking about the other guy . 
  anaal nathrakh - i am the wrath of gods and the desolation of the earth . 
  most of steven wilson 's music as he has a lot of dynamics between quiet and loud parts . 
  i would agree with both but for one song on each album . 
  weather systems - untouchable part 2 is n't my cup of tea . 
  i prefer distant satellites or a natural disaster . 
  i feel both have all great songs . 
  as for wilson - hand.cannot.erase . 
  has transience on it , which is the only song that feels completely out of place for me . 
  that 's the one i usually skip . 
  but insurgentes on the other hand ... 
  i feel fit the answer here completely .
