  start telling me how to drive ? 
  let 's change places , or just stop talking . 
  i know how to drive and it 's ok to warn me about something i might have missed , but have some faith in my driving skills or get the fuck out . 
  probably a bunch of necrophilia jokes on your account . 
  i would probably do the same . 
  yeah , it 's shit for brain . 
  i like to think that if you do n't understand frankie boyle 's accent , you have n't been exposed to his humour enough to find it good . 
  i mean only one person in my family would understand him and i know she would laugh a lot , while it 's better that the others do n't understand . 
  they do n't have the sense of humour . 
  edit : that goes for all people that do n't speak in the same accent . 
  it 's the old job - experience relation . 
  you 're jeff vader . 
  `` in the unlikely event of a change in cabin pressure ... '' . 
  roof flies off !, 
  i wish critical thinking would be more encouraged . 
  i always liked to ask questions and many times would be dismissed or pointed out as a trouble maker . 
  you 'll need a tray !, 
  a bit of family fun never hurt anyone now did it ? 
  i think my phone is n't ready for ringtones until it reaches the age of half a year . 
  phones age quicker than humans , but i still like to wait the full half a year so it 's prepared . 
  i presume your eye got infected and they had to remove it . 
  cannibalism and genocide at the same time . 
  just fart until you shart and you 're good . 
  sometimes a baguette is just a baguette . 
  so you can troll all them coyotes out there . 
  soy milk is spanish milk . 
  i ca n't speak from a professional standpoint , but i usually make characters that look good to me . 
  i 'm not aiming at making them look like me or different so it 's a matter of coincidence . 
  that includes the gender - sometimes i play a guy , sometimes a girl . 
  no particular reason . 
  would n't you need some aid with that ? 
  and prevent it from willbewillbe in the future . 
  sure i can understand that . 
  but blaming a kid that is genuinely curious is a shitty thing to do . 
  how wide is your dick ? 
  was it a movie about how to masturbate ? 
  i told you not to interrupt me when i 'm cleaning my room !, 
  opeth - bleak . 
  has just the perfect amount of growling and clean singing and the ending has one of the best clean to growl transitions . 
  yeah i just ca n't really imagine getting pleasure for that , it 's too wide . 
  then again you were 11 . 
  how many times do i have to tell you to clean the vacuum cleaner ? 
  it gets dirty , ma !, 
  that 's why i made fun of your comment :d, 
  as long as it does n't suck up anything else . 
  haha , i do n't let my neighbours hear . 
  my family is used to it . 
  it 's a great song , but no growls . 
  i like to growl too . 
  the toilet rolls we have here are too wide . 
  not sure if girly but it is n't masculine either . 
  lately i find myself crying every now and then ( about 2 times a week ) . 
  nothing special happens to trigger it , i just break out and cry . 
  lock my door too , so no one can come in . 
  actually i think the movie is when sascha baron cohen also stopped using borat mostly . 
  he used to have a tv show , where he invented borat and had little segments . 
  i feel the movie was the conclusion for what he wanted to do with he character . 
  so he did n't get old that quickly . 
  instant lunch you say ? 
  i find unexpect very interesting . 
  i mean the dude has a 9-string bass . 
  and all the randomness - it seems like chaos but it 's all well calculated . 
  much like the dillinger escape plan . 
  and also cynic - they make a great fusion of death metal with jazz . 
  both genres i like separately and in this case the merge is just right , since it can be hard to properly fuse such opposing genres . 
  ( king of those who know is a good example ) . 
  probably also death and black metal fans . 
  at least the early stuff . 
  now if you added some to the beginning of your sentence , that would be more accurate . 
  do n't judge a large group of people by the actions of the few . 
  the nutters are always louder than the sane people . 
  i would too . 
  but she would have to sing , not lip sync . 
  i find the repetition annoying . 
  if the song was half the length it is , it might be good . 
  i do n't like oasis in general . 
  i get the appeal . 
  but it 's not my kind of music . 
  nirvana is n't really classic rock . 
  yeah because the communists lived their lives for today and they had no religion just a cult of personality , which is pretty much the same thing when taken to the extreme , just that the `` god '' is a real person . 
  and yeah we live in a world where some throw away their food , while others eat out of the garbage . 
  even in the `` civilized west '' . 
  stores have to throw away surplus food . 
  and that is a lot of food that gets thrown away . 
  it 's not the lack of food and water that is the problem . 
  but delivering it elsewhere is n't profitable . 
  lennon was attacking capitalism in this song , but i doubt he wanted to propose communism in the way that it was handled in the soviet union . 
  there was peace in the soviet union ? 
  no reason to kill or die for ? 
  is that why stalin killed all those people ? 
  not sure where big brother was mentioned in imagine ... 
  it is a highly idealistic song , i 'll give you that . 
  but i guess anyone can interpret a song in their own way . 
  would be funny to imagine someone trying to be `` gangsta '' while listening to sing for the moment or mockingbird . 
  but yeah , i can see how it would be possible on some other songs . 
  wasting time making instant noodles - sounds funny . 
  i agree . 
  i 've been playing vs. ai - where it determines the difficulty of the ai according to your game play . 
  stuck at hard . 
  the last time computer was zerg and i was terran .
