  it was just learning some things by heart , which i 've shown i know how to use in the question i got for the b. i just did n't remember one and suddenly she decided that i was n't good enough . 
  i mean , i got seven right and one wrong . 
  that 's what i do n't like . 
  one grade shows your knowledge at the time . 
  one can do better or worse at any point . 
  sounds like an event i 'd be interested in just for the sake of seeing that . 
  everything that happens now , is happening now . 
  on the side note , do you think that gendry has the cure for jorah ? 
  and he 's rowing to essos , but jorah will go to westeros to find the cure . 
  so he goes to essos , figures out that dany left , goes back only to meet dany + jon alliance . 
  and tormund cracks a joke about his member . 
  everyone goes silent from fear but theon whose laugh is heard from somewhere in the back . 
  can you point me to a source for this claim ? 
  i 'm wondering this because , if he does n't really like the show that much , then the story he will write in the books may differ a lot and that would be interesting . 
  maybe not the end result , but the way it 's done , which is the important part in asoiaf for me . 
  the characters and the changes they go through is the main reason i read the books . 
  but does n't that make him a ww ? 
  well yeah i get that the show is different . 
  but mostly the show changed how somethings happened not the end result . 
  because the pieces are still moving , there are some big things that will be resolved - like who sits on the iron throne . 
  is there even an iron throne to return to ? 
  or the freeing of the dragons . 
  the result was the same , but in the books they were freed and the one who has done it is dead via dragon flame . 
  while tyrion in the show just told them a story about how he always wanted to have dragons as a kid and so on and they just let him live . 
  i understand why they did it - saves money and show time , which is short as it is . 
  but the result will be the same , while the way it was done is different . 
  i wonder if the ending result will be different , something bigger , like a major character being alive/dying . 
  and if he deems the show as fan fiction , that might be a good sign . 
  i can take the show and books as different entities and if he will change the ending , it might give me two good stories/conclusions instead of one . 
  depends on how you insist . 
  if you say : no , please , i insist to pay ... that is n't too bad . 
  if you say : i 'm fucking paying and with that i 'm paying for fucking you . 
  well that might be a bit different . 
  maybe not saying that directly , but that 's the general gist of it . 
  insisting on doing something only because the other party will owe you is just a shitty thing to do . 
  that depends . 
  i usually celebrated my birthday at a festival and i insisted that everyone at our table gets at least one free round . 
  a lot of times , people i saw for the first time got free booze and were a bit confused and sometimes someone would feel like they would owe me something , but i tried to reassure them that they would n't . 
  i only read them once , have so many books to read still . 
  but i am planning on once reading all of them , when they are written . 
  i do n't think that the show is one of the best tv productions , but it definitely is above average . 
  maybe one of the best in it 's genre . 
  while it does have strong points , there are a lot of weaker ones . 
  that is if i take the show in it 's own context with disregarding the books . 
  a lot of the things are explained in the books , that helped me understand the show . 
  if i only had one without the other , i would be really confused sometimes . 
  but it 's hard to mix all of the timelines and characters , i understand that , but some decisions and actions just do n't make sense , until you get more info . 
  but did you lock your car ? 
  with his boss 's inspiration he/she can do anything !, 
  i really liked what they did with walt that season . 
  he went from boring pushover of a teacher to a morally questionable but still good person . 
  i mean the way he handled those kids at the store that were being jerks ... was n't right but it felt so good . 
  like taking a drug for the first time . 
  then it was just as if it slowly became an addiction that ultimately destroyed him . 
  yeah but i think it has worked quite well . 
  even the episodes that were made by it 's uk equivalent . 
  because steve carell and ricky gervais alone portray such different characters . 
  i mean steve plays a caricature a cartoon character - you cringe when you see him , but when he resolves his arcs , he is this warmhearted stupid man . 
  while ricky plays a character that i just feel sad about . 
  he is desperate . 
  but in a much darker way . 
  i disagree . 
  if you only see edmund in the series , i 'm afraid you are missing out . 
  he might be a bumbling idiot , but percy is even stupider and baldrick is the smart one in season one . 
  not to mention the queen and brian blessed , the loudest king in the history of the world . 
  edit : this is just my opinion obviously . 
  not to mention the witchsmeller persuviant . 
  the interrogation scene is just the best . 
  edmund wants to be a smart ass and it always comes back to bite him on well his ass . 
  i always connect david morse with the rock . 
  it was n't a very big role , but still very well played . 
  would probably help if she had a pulse too . 
  and the body temperature of about 37 degrees celsius . 
  remain dead . 
  do n't delete your lawyer then , you 're gon na need him if you 're gon na hit your wife . 
  this is very circumstantial . 
  sometimes it 's better to quit , some other times it seems best to quit , but ends up being better in the end . 
  jokes on you , some of us do n't even have to try . 
  i agree that the way people use this quote is bad . 
  but if you look at it from another perspective ... 
  famous people are usually loved , since they are shown in a good light ( or were for that matter ) . 
  and a lot of people are attracted to that , celebrity worship is a thing . 
  but once you realise that your `` idol '' is not what he/she seems ... i.e. 
  you see the worst . . most people jump on the hate train or just stop being interested . 
  and if you 're with someone only when things are good and then bail as soon as a bad thing happens and in every relationship it will happen sooner or later , then you do n't truly love someone . 
  and that goes for friendships , family and spouses . 
  but i would like to make a point of the fact that the worst must have it 's limits somewhere . 
  like i do n't know if your spouse has been bitchy for a week - stay . 
  if they fucked a child and dismembered them , then you might want to get the fuck out of there . 
  well have you built it ? 
  i never had trouble when i was describing my raptor army to others . 
  well yeah to a degree of course . 
  some things are just too bad . 
  but then no advice can be good or bad . 
  because good and bad are subjective on the level of an individual . 
  but when you present good and bad to a group of people ( reddit in this case ) , there has to be an objective component , which is lacking in this thread as each and everyone of us has a different perception and experience regarding certain situations that influence our understanding of advice . 
  ah , jzargo you silly khajit . 
  good follower though . 
  well the extreme cases are usually more vocal than the non-extreme ones . 
  this question is already asked in that way that it attracts extreme responses .
