  not just a few times a year though , more often . 
  edit : consciously i 'm not suicidal or something . 
  i mean the concept of death does n't scare me - the process of dying does though . 
  thanks for the recommendation , i might just do so . 
  once i 'm done with soma and outlast . 
  way better than sound of silence imo . 
  honestly caring about so many things . 
  it 's not like i do n't care about anything , but some people around me got caught up caring about so many things , it must be hard to live like that . 
  depends - if i have to shit/piss then it 's toilet time . 
  otherwise i prepare my next meal and eat it with delight , better if listening to good music or striking a conversation with my gf . 
  given that i live in a country where i have n't really seen a gun up close , everything . 
  that they are just people trying to get what they want as well as all of us and in every generation there are people that are bad and people that are good . 
  it 's just stupid to say all < insert generation here  are < insert stereotype here  . 
  i feel the same way about myself . 
  does n't stop people from pressuring me or acting all surprised and sometimes even offended when i tell them . 
  pretty much anything about how sad or happy i can sometimes get . 
  i mean if i confide about my sadness , i usually get the other people have it worse speech . 
  if i explain my happiness they will not be enthused , might even ask me why i 'm so happy about said thing . 
  luckily i have my gf , my friends and music , those three mostly sort out all my feelings , negative or positive . 
  for me it 's the deconstruction album . 
  i mean it goes from silly to pure rage , while having an insanely great composition and combination of different vocalists . 
  yeah i wo n't let that happen . 
  i mean it 's not like everyone does that all the time , but some people have really suprised me with their reaction to something that is completely my choice . 
  maybe they base their lives on that concept and really ca n't understand when some people can live without it . 
  still no reason to impose their views on me , though . 
  i think they can understand that . 
  but you know it 's like their order of things . 
  and imposing it on others is stupid . 
  yes , exactly , life gets harder , especially if you do n't feel like you 're fit to handle that aspect . 
  i 'm sorry you lost all your money , i hope you can get some more in time . 
  what do you mean the pregnancy failed ? 
  did you or your wife fail to get pregnant or was something wrong with the child ? 
  a friend if mine said that he believes that it 's selfish not to give someone the gift of life , since he got that too . 
  but he just expressed his opinion when we were talking about it , never said i had to believe that . 
  so that part i understand sometimes , but if people could talk about it normally instead of pushing their opinions forward . 
  i mean i 've met more from the latter group than the former . 
  also uses sound to set up the atmosphere . 
  sound is very important in frictional games in general . 
  that 's what i really like about them . 
  and the music is very beautiful . 
  i agree that it was genuinely scary , but i also found it very beautiful at times - the architecture , the music , attention to detail in your surroundings . 
  for example the creature that is playing the piano in the archives . . 
  i could listen to that for hours . 
  and for the most part of the game even though i was completely scared , i was too interested in the story and the environments to give up . 
  if you liked it , i hope you find the courage to finish it , for me it was worth it . 
  now as for amnesia : justine - that one i have n't finished yet . 
  the last monster just destroys my nerves and i ca n't finish it the way i want to . 
  i know what is about to happen , i know what i have to do , but i just ca n't do it ( yet ) . 
  also if you would prefer a bit of a less scary amnesia i would suggest a machine for pigs and soma . 
  while both still have a horror aspect to them , i feel the focus is more on the story than horror - at least that 's how i experienced it . 
  a machine for pigs is very short though , but i really liked it . 
  now soma i have n't finished yet , but so far it 's awesome and i like the subject matter it 's dealing with . 
  i 'm just in the middle of playing it . 
  did n't find anyone scary as in amnesia where you had creepy monsters looking for you , but the psychological stuff of the story is a bit scarier . 
  i 'm sure i failed once in the moral department , perhaps three times ( not sure about other two choices i made ) . 
  to be fair you did n't have to scroll too far to find games where you ca n't fight back ( amnesia , soma ) . 
  i mean if that is a game mechanic you like , i suggest you check those two out as well . 
  interesting , i never found anyone too scary in bioshock as in you know scary monster is going to eat me ... maybe because i have an arsenal of guns . 
  the atmosphere is very scary in all three that i agree . 
  for me it was more of a psychological horror - what they did to the big daddies and little sisters and the splicers and well practically everyone . 
  that was what hit me the most . 
  they hit you if you get to close to a little sister . 
  but they do n't try to kill you on sight . 
  it was a cold saturday night , the city was alive but not that you 'd know it by looking out your window . 
  the barons and their concubines took shelter from the cold streets . 
  but i was a turian on a mission driving in my mako in a level 2 cold hazard . 
  i arrived at my destination and i parked my car at the back entrance . 
  before that the man guarding the gate got a gift from an angel . . some lead to his temple and he collapsed in a pool of his own blood as i quietly entered the facility and took them out one by one . 
  i was always above my enemies like some kind of archangel , but my actions were slowly putting me under . 
  after the cleaning was done i came home . 
  if i was still in c-sec i might pour myself a cold one but living on the run taught me that the smartest thing to do was calibrate my weapon . 
  it kept me sane , kept me going on , on this hard road out of omega . 
  if you are a cheater , you eat the cake and then you can go fuck yourself . 
  must have been traumatic , but at least there is a silver lining i guess ? 
  wait so if i got this right , your mom and sister were trying to convince you that you do n't need meds and all you have to do is think positive thoughts and depression will just go away ? 
  i mean , i never had depression , but that is just wrong . 
  well this philosophy of his leads to trying to raise children right . 
  since he thinks life in itself is a gift , he also thinks it 's not to squander , but to give to someone else as well . 
  and also make the best of it . 
  so that is n't a bad philosophy , i just do n't agree with him . 
  i do n't feel the need to pass it on . 
  well yeah of course not everyone is the same . 
  my mom was the same in not being able to be empathetic or even sympathetic . 
  she only saw her own perspective , so the answer was always the same . 
  but it was never as bad as you wrote . 
  i 'm glad you took it to yourself to take care of your problems in your own way . 
  how are you doing nowadays ? 
  but then you resolve the confusion and strengthen your resolve . 
  that happens in face to face conversations too . 
  even though , i do understand that not everyone wants to be questioned all the time . 
  sometimes they just want to confide , vent and so on . 
  so you have to figure out when to do it . 
  and then there are also people who are n't sure of themselves , they tend to be dismissive or defensive . 
  those with really strong convictions usually have no problem debating . 
  that 's what i conclude by my experience until now . 
  also , you can question me anytime . 
  i love a good debate . 
  pricks on the same cactus . 
  i tried , but the story and limited reactions still suck . 
  do n't get me wrong , modding weapons and armor is awesome , really the best .
