  at my first main story gameplay i went for the morally good . 
  but on consequent ones i liked to try new things , being a bit evil can be fun too , even if that means removing characters . 
  but you can do something else - even though it 's impossible to complete the game that way . 
  and that 's the whole point . 
  to make you say : `` the horror , the horror '' . 
  but then again i have n't identified with the main character that much , i saw it as if they are telling a story through his eyes ( as the ending obviously points out ) . 
  yes of course you have a choice to not play the game . 
  but within the game you are deliberately put in that position . 
  as was colonel kurtz for example . 
  the game derives heavily from the book and the movie . 
  that 's why they put you in a position where you do n't have a choice . 
  that 's the whole point of the game . 
  then again if you play a game called spec ops without the intent of shooting people , then you are playing the wrong game . 
  perhaps you did n't want to shoot innocent people and that i understand . 
  but the game is meant to morally question your actions . 
  the character you play is constantly questioning conrad 's sanity , but in the end he is no better and that is the point of the book and the movie as well . 
  i trust you since you are an engineer . 
  but what if the buddy would join in on the fun ? 
  please elaborate . 
  well you 're supposed to leave a shit !, 
  barbaric set of rules ? 
  but the building did n't even explode , my jumbo jet did however . 
  i asked the same thing . 
  both groups have members that are ass holes and both groups have members that are easy to get along with from my experience . 
  i do n't care what someone believes in or does n't believe in as long as you do n't force your opinion on me , i do n't mind if you are offering tree fiddy to the fucking lochness monster or spin on your head five times every second thursday of every third month trying to summon cthulu . 
  edit : but your freedom ( religious or any other kind ) stops where another person 's freedom begins and if you go too far , you must be aware that there would be consequences . 
  yeah the book has some barbaric stuff in it i do n't deny that . 
  but a civilized , intelligent company would know that the bible should n't be taken at face value and that it 's an account of the past , where times and people were different . 
  i mean , the whole concept of god changes halfway through the bible , no one seems to notice that . 
  what can he not steal a car and run over 3-4 people ? 
  are you saying that i snore ? 
  well done my good sir/ma ` am . 
  but seriously that sounds badass . 
  but if something is meant to not be taken literally is not the twisting then done with taking it literally ? 
  where does it say that ? 
  where have you gotten the idea that one should take the hateful meanings literally ? 
  i have read it and it 's not that i am defending it as the only religious book one should read , i have read many and each has some interesting philosophy and history with it . 
  i do n't care about the rituals and the religion itself . 
  but that does n't mean i should n't like the book as an account of history and philosophy . 
  as soon as you take it as a guide to life , without thinking about it , you 've gone too far . 
  tali is very likeable but i found the quarians were pretty much a shitty people in regard to the geth . 
  well with garrus you get to do renegade stuff and he takes it well anyway . 
  i 'm not sure there were a lot of paragon choices with garrus . 
  how does that work ? 
  i mean cats have 9 lives anyway ... does the reincarnation happen after they lose all 9 lives and then become a new cat ? 
  like starting a new game in super mario ? 
  happiness . 
  singing , it 's a release of tension and often i use it to let out whatever feelings i have , be it positive or negative . 
  but if someone was to record me in my car and then watch it , their ears would bleed . 
  is he a doctor by any chance ? 
  is no potato only toast . 
  such is life . 
  unless you do n't have a family . 
  my point is that it 's not just an age thing , but also your surroundings and who you choose to be . 
  i prefer my weapon to be concealed . 
  ok , one more time , i unclog my nose in your direction !, 
  do n't you talk about my kids !, 
  you 're not the messiah , you 're a very naughty boy . 
  i like the duality of mikael akerfeldt . 
  in the land of the blind , the one eyed man is king . 
  but is n't the mouse thing because the first mouse set of the trap and the second one then gets the cheese because there is no more trap ? 
  i would , but not as a soldier out in the field . 
  i am not physically trained and my motor skills are bad . 
  i would be a bigger danger to my fellow soldiers , than to the enemy . 
  now if you 're talking cyber-warfare . 
  that would be my thing . 
  i do n't know a lot about it , but i would be willing to learn and do some damage that way . 
  yes , you are right . 
  i just was n't sure what you meant with the cheese , so i asked to see if i got it correctly . 
  yes , i was n't sure if i understood it correctly , so i asked - sorry if it is poorly written . 
  i did n't mean to question the contradiction . 
  and the three-named man is god ? 
  i have a story that 's the other way around . 
  i met an interesting flight attendant on a flight recently . 
  i was wearing my god is an astronaut t-shirt and he asked me about it , so we had a discussion about music - for as long as he could - a few minutes . 
  he pointed out a very interesting thing about the name saying that it 's hard for him to imagine that god would be an astronaut , since we ca n't even imagine what the universe is like and for someone who believes in god , god should reside outside of that . 
  he did n't say he is religious but just found the name interesting for that reason . 
  i wished we could have a beer and talk more , he seemed pretty interesting . 
  the tower of dr. zalost was the one that got to me . 
  just shows how a person who has never experienced love is bitter and wants to make everyone else bitter too . 
  thus neglecting his little rat , unless it 's for a selfish hug , so he can at least have an illusion of empathy ( rats are very empathetic animals ) but the rat never likes those hugs , because he knows , he will just be ignored afterwards . 
  but then muriel changes everything with her happy plums . 
  and eustace is n't affected by those cannonballs at all , since his life is such shit ( regarding his parents - muriel kind of understands him the way he is ) , that he could n't be more miserable and when he gets shot about two more times , he becomes dust . 
  also when they play hangman when they argue about buying letters , that part is just too funny . 
  that 's the joke , 
  you do n't have to . 
  not to be confused with the people 's front crack suicide squad of judea ? 
  oi , my fwiend fwom wome will hear about this . 
  ah yes , the most heard sentence in the starcraft games next to : `` you have not enough minerals '' and if playing vs. terran : `` nuclear launch detected . '', 
  he has a wife you know ... 
  all you had to do was follow the damn train , cj !, 
  also , what kind of lawnmower ? 
  those little tractors , that go a bazillion miles per hour or the ones you have to push by yourself that take forever to mow the lawn ? 
  well yes they were n't meant like that at the time . 
  but i like to think that in 2000 years at least some people and ideas have evolved , the church in general has been changing and they could not do that if they would take the bible literally . 
  i do n't care what the books were intended for when they were written - that goes for all religious books . 
  what matters is how they are perceived today . 
  and whoever takes them literally is stuck in the past . 
  i am not a christian and i do not intend on becoming one . 
  i just really like to read .
