  that was the point of the guitar guy . 
  visual appeal and being a badass . 
  hard to recommend those , i am more into horror/gothic short stories ( edgar allan poe/h . p. 
  lovecraft ) . 
  the problem is that most comic book movies are targeted at younger and older viewers . 
  since comics used to be associated with a younger crowd , but now comics are popular in older crowds too as the generation got older , but still kept it 's love for comic books . 
  but making an r-rated comic book movie would alienate a part of that crowd . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad idea - i would love an r-rated carnage movie ( and others too ... ) . 
  but i do n't see it happening until the market gets really saturated with these kind of movies and i do n't think marvel will be the first one to do it . 
  i truly hope so . 
  i would just like to add to the third point - it 's a bit better presented than that . 
  the woman in red - looks beautiful , kind , someone you would desire . 
  when morpheus says look again , there 's an agent right there - a machine . 
  everyone who is still within the matrix is a potential threat . 
  and the police officers and soldiers are a representation of authority , which is also a recurring theme in the first matrix . 
  mr. rhineheart clearly states that thomas anderson has a problem with authority . 
  and he is n't wrong . 
  i do n't think that morpheus and co seek to destroy all robots . 
  but they do n't want to live in a simulation either . 
  it 's more about ending the war , rather than killing everyone . 
  but it is true that before neo shows up , most people want to kill all machines , because the war escalated so far . 
  they just do n't see another realistic possibility to end the war . 
  but in the end the irony is that , smith runs out of control - something the architect thought he had . 
  i think one of the messages in all three movies is that control is good , but not in the extremes . 
  like a balance between the oracle ( faith , abstraction ) and the architect ( cold machine logic ) . 
  goddamit jeff , do n't give us away . . let 's go back to this none sentient paradise . 
  also metal is popular enough for people to give a fuck . 
  i mean a lot of the metal scene was against racism/nazism in metal before . 
  but never has it been so reported and talked about . 
  but it is an extreme genre and i would understand that extreme people are in it . 
  same goes for punk . 
  but people with extreme convictions will also make extreme music . 
  i do n't see a lot of extreme pop out there , because it 's in the spotlight so much , that it 's heavily censored . 
  metal and punk are in it 's essence so extreme that censorship is something that would kill the spirit of the music . 
  so bands have a lot more freedom with their lyrics and people with extreme views will feel more welcome or at least feel like they have a sort of a sanctuary here . 
  just look at how the genres developed . 
  i never said that one has to be extreme to write extreme music . 
  but it 's more likely that people with extreme convictions will be part of an extreme genre . 
  well yeah not famous worldwide . 
  but i see this pattern elsewhere too . 
  a person/band gets idolized - they make a mistake ( big one in this case ) and people start shitting on them . 
  the mainstream does n't tolerate mistakes . 
  it 's very hard to come back , once you screw up . 
  i view the act of excluding/being against a certain race on an arbitrary attribute as very extreme . 
  and it 's presence being so ubiquitous that you can deem it mundane/average is a sad thought . 
  wear your wedding ring on your middle finger and if someone asks that question , show them your wedding ring . 
  good outcome , i have to remember this one . 
  but that 's what makes me angry . 
  people just see others by their situations . 
  do n't judge others solely by your experience !, 
  that might be grounds for legal action . 
  i mean the kids you were watching are not allowed to enjoy the park because some women are paranoid ? 
  i think this passes into the cunts territory . 
  sure , as long as the middle finger is involved somehow . 
  / r/slugmasterrace, 
  or the one that lasts longer ? 
  from my point of view it 's the bud that is evil !, 
  well it had a new t-shirt . 
  nah , that 's giving them the power . 
  i do n't know the story about hulk hogan , please explain . 
  how is it a gimmick ? 
  i got special editions of their cd 's where they exist and the 5.1 mixes are awesome . 
  i think it 's another result of mikael and steven collaborating ( pt and wilson 's albums are mostly all in 5.1 too ) . 
  plastic bag ? 
  are we still talking about hurting another human ? 
  i mean besides the pigs it sounds like an interesting bondage session . 
  the eternal session of feeling violated as shit goes back inside your anus and each time a relief of pooping it back out . 
  sounds like purgatory to me . 
  legally speaking there is a time window to unmake a baby . 
  morally - depends on the situation . 
  well yeah , but coincidentally it 's harder to get away with something illegal . 
  easier to pay for something legal . 
  it might be easy to do but no one can make things a lot harder for you if you tell them you had an abortion . 
  now on the other hand if your conscience gets the best of you and you confess to murdering a fetus/baby after that period of time - makes stuff harder . 
  pull over !, 
  no it 's a cardigan , but thanks for noticing . 
  that 's one of the best word play jokes in the movie . 
  on the other hand men who stare at goats can stay the same . 
  those guys are crazy . 
  do n't make me go supernova on your ass !, 
  hey the old plot is as confusing as the new plot . 
  it 's not a phase mom !, 
  what two guys want to do with their penises should not be governed by anyone ! ^ ( seriously i do agree with what you mean though ), 
  sounds like a porno to me . 
  i agree with you to a degree . 
  the relationships between the characters were sometimes very flawed in the movie . 
  for example : frodo telling sam to go home , while they are almost in mordor . 
  i mean that was like two teenagers arguing . 
  their friendship was way deeper than that . 
  one little gollum and his scheme would n't have come between them and that is a big point in the whole story . 
  well to continue the same analogy - heaven could be constant relief of shitting without any pain and hell - well besides shit going in add some hemerroids and hot pokers . 
  imma hit you so hard , there 'll be nothing left of you but a pulsar !, 
  jokes on you , i 'm already ugly and lazy . 
  true . 
  but i still prefer the books and i can understand that they could n't include everything in the movies . 
  those little things just add so much . 
  not to mention faramir completely changed in the movie . 
  he did n't have daddy issues in the books . 
  and faramir + eowyn story is a great story of recovery for both of them . 
  just so many little details that complete tolkien 's world .
