  video games . 
  playing guitar . 
  question my sanity , given my dream . 
  storm - godspeed you !, 
  black emperor . 
  was n't real trouble , but another driver gave me a nasty look , since he thought i was yelling at him . 
  i was just singing along to a song . 
  well the assassins would probably find another way to kill him . 
  perhaps with a bit of a delay . 
  he would n't stay inside forever . 
  a touching story of a few people that go from completely bad to great . 
  one guy gets out of jail , one guy gets a part of his arm attached back and the infection heals . 
  a girl goes from porn to normal life . 
  and an old woman goes from electroshock therapy to too much tv , to enjoying life with her son . 
  requiem for a dream . 
  if you have n't seen it , i recommend it . 
  but beware it 's a story of downfall . 
  and it 's very ugly . 
  but i like it . 
  well after he got that new arm and got healed , quitting drugs was the last step . 
  a ha ha , a ha ha ha ha . 
  but then again you get some positive ones too , do n't you ? 
  i feel that sg-1 one has handled this well in the first season . 
  they set it up really well with the previous episode that had daniel in an alternate reality and he got an address to a goa'uld ship . 
  while diplomatically they failed and each testimony was shown rather than just read as they recounted their experience in the field . 
  i think it was a two or even a three parter to get the whole story through . 
  they were shut down . 
  but sg-1 just left against orders , saved the world and boom , reinstated . 
  i liked the fact that they saved some budget for the last episodes and also set up the story to continue after the clips episode . 
  was n't just here are the clips of some past episodes . 
  oh right , that was with hathor ? 
  those two parts are so funny . 
  the way o'neill acts like he has a goa'uld in his brain . 
  yeah but wish to stop making and prevent from making is a very different thing . 
  you also have to be rich mr. wayne . 
  depends . 
  if i am alone , then i let it go . 
  add music - playing or just listening to it . 
  if i 'm not alone , i bottle it up until i can be alone . 
  i do n't know why , but i always preferred solitude for such things . 
  until then i seem like a robot . 
  i mean last year a close friend died and at the funeral i could n't shed one tear . 
  but when i came home , i broke down completely . 
  could n't do anything for a few hours . 
  not even remotely the same thing . 
  for example i can say . . 
  i wish x and y jokes would n't be made any more , but i do n't want to censor anyone . 
  not every wish has to be a rational one . 
  just something you do n't like but can still understand why it 's done . 
  does n't change the wish . 
  the wish itself does n't have to be acted upon . 
  even when expressed , you have a choice to ignore it , avoid it , respond to it or do what is asked . 
  anything about music . 
  be it theory , opinions/tastes , discussion about it as an art . 
  i could talk and listen for hours . 
  that i will one day turn into what i detest . 
  fear . 
  well maybe want is a bit stronger than wish for me . 
  wish sounds like something you 're waiting to happen . 
  while want is something you will strive for . 
  but that is my perception of the words . 
  i 'm not making some general rules here . 
  and yes basically that is what i was saying . 
  that your wish can even be heard . 
  but that can mean nothing or everything ( if i go to the two polar extremes ) . 
  #i am ... 
  #iron man !, 
  also agent smith . 
  the rest i could imagine as others mostly . 
  while i liked the premise and her acting , i just did n't feel like the other two guys did a good job . 
  but not because they would be bad actors , the script was weird . 
  i do n't think it 's a classic . 
  felt rushed . 
  but was a good movie . 
  i see your point , but i disagree . 
  not all desires are important . 
  not all desires are to be acted upon . 
  for example : after a long and hard day at the office , while driving home my desire may be to not go to work tomorrow . 
  that does n't mean i 'll just stay at home , i like my job , but some days are just tougher than others . 
  not every desire stays with you forever , when you discuss something you express it and then you forget about it . 
  or if what you do n't wish to happen , does happen to you , you react negatively , ignore it and just move on . 
  i feel like you are making a big deal out of something that is completely normal . 
  surely if a wish grows into more than just a wish , you ought to notice it . 
  i mean once you go from saying to yourself : `` i wish they would n't do that '' to a movement to prevent others from doing it ... there might be a bit of a change of thought in between . 
  i think we are aware of that change , it 's not that subtle . 
  but there are things that bother me and since i do n't want to censor people , i do n't act upon them . 
  my thought process here is : `` i wish they would n't make x and y jokes , but i also care about not censoring others '' . 
  so i make a compromise , i might react negatively , but wo n't prevent you from doing it . 
  it 's not like one 's desires can not include contradictions . 
  but as a rational being you can sort them out . 
   che was a monster, 
  please explain this . 
  i always see che portrayed either as a saviour or as a monster . 
  depends on whom you ask . 
  that 's why i am curious as to why you see it that way . 
   che guevara certainly did enjoy executions, 
  do you have any source to back up this claim ? 
  i honestly do n't know a lot about the subject , so i 'm always looking for sources - been busy lately so i did n't have time to search for myself yet . 
   but castro manipulated him into doing terrible things in the name of revolution, 
  are there any sources you could provide , so i can make up my mind about this too ?
