  my girlfriend knows i 'm on reddit and that 's anyone interested in reddit - she reads sometimes , does n't have a username . 
  or she knows it and did n't tell me , but i forgot my tin foil hat at home so i ca n't believe that . 
  never asked me - i even showed her some responses and since then i have written a few comments that she would mention but she did n't so i guess i 'm still safe . 
  the battlements ? 
  with the cannons and little mice and those guys shooting you all the time ... 
  man if i could get through that one , i felt blessed and went on to the woodland levels that were just about impossible . 
  but the furthest i made it was the city . 
  and that boss in the second level i could never beat . 
  he was just too strong and fast . 
  maybe i will try again . 
  you must make the chicken noise too , right meow !, 
  the harlequin something something condition ? 
  i do n't remember the full name of it but i think i know what you are talking about . 
  aladdin , lion king forget which was first . 
  when it went 3d : duke nukem . 
  what stopped you ? 
  i never made it that far , wolvington killed me every time . 
  yeah but the panic before that and breathing in water must surely hurt . 
  cutting of a hand would be too . 
  the person would probably run around too so the whole house would be bloody . 
  depends on the game genre really . 
  if it 's an adventure such as skyrim i want good gameplay , atmosphere and mostly immersion . 
  a great story also helps and leveling system is something to be considered . 
  if it 's an action game , i like action , but i prefer my action with a bit of horror and survival i.e. 
  doom , metro ( also wickedly good story ) , s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  series , dead space . 
  if it 's a simulation game , i expect it to be realistic , like richard burns rally is a great example of a racing simulator . 
  if it 's an arcade or something similar , i play it for fun and do n't care about realism or story , just shut off and enjoy - nfs : mw is a good example of this and call of duty games ... 
  then there are puzzle games , like lara croft , there i want increasingly tougher situations and puzzles . 
  do n't go all out on me , but increase difficulty gradually and lara croft has some action too which is a great dynamic change from puzzles - so it does n't get too monotonous . 
  i 'm afraid that private subreddits have this special function/attribute that mandates the use of ie . 
  if you open a private window in ie then you can view them . 
  but as we all know opening a window in ie is a big success , opening a private window is only a dream as that means that you have two windows open at the same time - one private and one that is n't private . 
  and having two windows open in ie is like latvian having potato . 
  that 's why the protest is effective as no one is masochistic enough to use ie to view the private subs . 
  if you choose the path of ie , best of luck to you . 
  well the same way that the moon affects tides and i have studied a very renowned scientist on this . 
  his name is o'reilly and i quote : `` tide goes in , tide goes out . 
  you ca n't explain that . '', 
  so i guess the trajectory of the bullet would be in , out , in , out and to travel that far you 'd have to shake it all about , do the hokey pokey and turn around . 
  that 's what it 's all about . 
  i do n't dare test that out of fear of all the bad puns escaping into the atmosphere . 
  is that a risk you are willing to take ? 
  can you explain why you deem the minute of silence a victory for the extremists ? 
  i do n't see any victory in any of this . 
  the only way the terrorists win is if we get too scared of them and give in - if we live in fear as that is their goal . 
  actually that 's how any bully operates . 
  a moment of silence signifies grief and thought , now since i am not religious , i do n't believe in the afterlife and so on , so for me it 's not about the people who died , but those that were left behind . 
  a person dying of anything other than old age is always hard to process . 
  even someone dying of old age is hard to process , but expecting it , it makes things a bit easier at least for me . 
  the whole , at least he/she is n't suffering any more . 
  this is pretty much the same way that i perceive funerals , they are n't for the ones that died , but for the ones that are still alive , to say farewell and for religious people to at least believe that they went to a better place . 
  makes things easier no doubt . 
  i understand and agree with your logic . 
  as always any kind of terrorists get a lot of media attention and that is completely wrong as you have written we have given them attention . 
  but i do not take a minute of silence as something that shows fear . 
  more like a gesture that shows that we do care . 
  doing nothing would give the feeling that we do n't care , but we should . 
  i would support the moment of silence in any event of people dying , for example if a natural disaster would hit an area and people would die . 
  the terrorists are irrelevant in the moment of silence , death and loss is what is the relevant part here . 
  for me it 's not showing fear , but quite the opposite , showing support for the ones that have lost people . 
  i can see and understand how you can interpret this as giving the terrorists attention and i respect your opinion , while i disagree completely as you can tell from my opinion . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you to believe my opinion . 
  stay away from a certain person and that would probably change most of my life for the better . 
  i would also have more confidence . 
  well i do n't love it , but it 's very funny . 
  it 's so badly done , that when taking into account that someone made it with a serious attitude just cracks me up . 
  well if you take hell as an absence of a god like figure - male authority figure perhaps , then i already am in hell . 
  if you have a fire and brimstone after death thing in mind - well i 'm far too selfish to get to heaven . 
  well if you take hell as an absence of a god like figure - male authority figure perhaps , then i already am in hell . 
  if you have a fire and brimstone after death thing in mind - well i 'm far too selfish to get to heaven . 
  at least they 'll know where i went :d, 
  i 'm not your buddy , pal . 
  can we just focus on the movie ? 
  to meet my dad . 
  but how will they access the internet without their ip ? 
  well depends on the time it would take to admit it . 
  if it was before we had sex i would be ok with it . 
  but sex is a showing of a certain trust for me . 
  so if i do n't know you enough , i wo n't have sex with you . 
  if it was after that i would feel betrayed . 
  well given that electricity and communications do n't get destroyed too fast , i think reddit would have a megathread for wwiii and a lot of people could share strategies and opinions . 
  maybe something good would come out of it , at least for a few individuals - a pro tip maybe . 
  would be tough to affect the outcome of the whole war , but some people would profit from these kind of connections . 
  at least at the beginning - when war makes it far enough , i 'm sure it would all be disrupted . 
  and sooner or later there would be propaganda . 
  i did n't have a creepy one ( yet ) , but there is a subreddit for creepy pm 's . 
  well that really depends on the band and genre and sometimes even on the album . 
  for example - i like bloodbath 's lyrics just for the violence and blasphemy they incorporate into it . 
  nothing intellectual , just some evil stuff . 
  same goes for similar artists : morbid angel , suffocation , cryptopsy etc. 
  then there 's the ones that make me feel a kind of a sweet melancholy : opeth , katatonia , agalloch , alcest ( although they went to happy in the last few albums - still like them though ) . 
  opeth also include some occult/devil lyrics - great stories though . 
  then some lyricists are philosophical like meshuggah on catch 33 , decapitated ( nihilism ) , obscura , cynic ( more spiritual than philosophical , but i take spirituality as a philosophy ) , death ( from human onwards ) . 
  i also like it when lyricists play with words , rammstein do this a lot and their theme is mostly love in all it 's ways . 
  from the nastiest to the very beautiful . 
  and the same way lyrics vary , some are silly ( pussy ) , others are beautiful ( seeman ) . 
  i like the misantrophy of black metal . 
  dark funeral - my funeral is a good example of that . 
  concept albums are also good : the antlers - hospice , opeth - ghost reveries , porcupine tree - the incident , gojira - from mars to sirius .
