  when it hits , i sob like a little bitch for a few days at least . 
  then remember it often and be all melancholic . 
  then remember less frequently and less frequently , until i forget for a while and then remember all of a sudden and repeat from the melancholy stage . 
  it 's just something you have to live with . 
  but to not seem too negative , same happens with positive experiences . 
  only that when i remember them , i am happy for a while . 
  the sooner after the event , the stronger the feeling is . 
  been a rough couple of days - a lot of work at my job . 
  have n't really been sleeping a lot , throw in a few nightmares for good measure . 
  waiting for the weekend to come , to just shut off for a while . 
  warcraft . 
  they chose one of my favorite parts of the story . 
  well yeah as we know without oxygen our bodies can not function . 
  but with less oxygen the body works only partially . 
  his name was supposed to be kyle reno , but someone made a typing error , which is very common on earth , let alone in a place where there is less oxygen . 
  because the speakers are turned in the wrong direction . 
  yes , every person inherits the potential for their parents age . 
  but the real problem is , if really old people have babies . 
  parents that concieve at about 70 + years , risk of having a full adult , instead of an infant , since the age is so advanced in old people . 
  well he has bat dna right - hence he is batman . 
  thank you , got good news right now ... my girlfriend might have gotten a part in a theater . 
  which on one hand means she will be in a foreign country longer - but is a great opportunity for her and that makes me happy . 
  also been playing with my rat for a while right now - he always cheers me up . 
  and how are you doing op ? 
  i do n't think i watched that far then . 
  might want to revisit the series some time . 
  they should rename it to dullboy then . 
  you know all work and no play ... 
  it 's more play like , with a bit of singing , but definitely not a musical . 
  well the happiness on her face when she told me made missing her easier . 
  i mean we talked about it and she will only be gone for a year all together or a bit less ( 11 months i think ) . 
  if she had stayed at home just for me , i would feel guilty and at some point she might have resent me for it . 
  and given that we are together for 6 and a half years , i trust her enough to have one year of long range relationships . 
  although i did visit her for christmas/new year . 
  how far along your studies are you ( what do you study ? ) . 
  good luck with catching up . 
  it 's always annoying to fall behind . 
  but then again that 's what the week before the final is for - at least for me it worked that way . 
  haha cats ... thought about having one , do n't have enough time for cats or dogs . 
  so my gf and i decided to have rats . 
  they are very funny too . 
  but now the last one is alone , two of them already died due to tumours . 
  so i 'm giving some extra attention to the remaining one . 
  do n't want him to get depressed and he cheers me up too . 
  you must be this short , to ride the creepy uncle . 
  the daddy ride is a gamble . 
  and if you go enough times you get one last go with : `` daddy is n't coming back again '' . 
  i 'm so sorry kariu !!, 
  i do n't think this is about morality . 
  it 's about him wanting to have a kid . 
  now i know it 's her body and her choice ultimately . 
  but she is pregnant and in nine months he could have a baby . 
  if she aborts , that 's gone and he will first have to get over her , then get a new girlfriend , stay with her long enough and then have a baby with her . 
  he was happy because he thought it was going to happen now and yes i would feel bad too , even if it seems selfish , since as i stated before it 's her body and in the end , her choice if she wants to go under all the stress of pregnancy + birth . 
  the moose or the snow ? 
  this buddy , friend . 
  quite the opposite of me . 
  i wanted to gtfo at five months . 
  doctors had to stop the birth . 
  probably would n't have survived if it were n't for some pills , not sure which . 
  but then when the placenta got all fucked up , i had to come out about a month too soon , or my mom and i would both risk dying . 
  i guess , i always was a troublemaker . 
  but the calculator is ok , so i can do it again in a minute . 
  maybe they wanted to have more marbles . 
  #you were the chosen one , ya wanka !, 
  and it really does get everywhere . 
  and is n't hell supposed to be the absence of god ? 
  so if you do n't accept him , you are n't in his presence so you are basically in hell all your life and then you die and not rise again . 
  not sure who was first to start the - then satan takes you and damns you forever . 
  but if he had the resources that hitler had ... mostly loyalty of a lot of people and powerful friends . 
  he 's trying to control them the whole time . 
  and then they fuck him up so bad , that he begs to be taken back to jail . 
  as he is put into the truck that takes him to jail he says : `` free at last . '', 
  which is very ironic . 
  let 's just have a threesome then . 
  the road definitely . 
  a movie about something i will never have , regretfully . 
  book hit even harder . 
  the setting only enhances the point it is trying to make . 
  what do you do if no one passed you the fire to carry ? 
  hahaha ... 
  shut up !, 
  it 's not necessarily gross . 
  i mean if you have to in order to avoid clogging up the toilet , it 's better to do so . 
  but you have to empty the trash every day . 
  how stupid would a person have to be to firstly not close the trash can properly when throwing away something that has poop on it and also leave the trash in there for a couple of days ? 
  do n't forget about bananas as well . 
  we both shave everywhere ( i do n't shave my legs and arms and neither of us shaves hair on the top of our heads ) , what 's the problem there ? 
  we do it in the shower - no filth , just shave where you must and that is it . 
  i mean we do n't share every time , but if need be - what 's the big deal ? 
  be sure to clean it up using the finger lickin ' method . 
  oh , that 's what you meant . 
  sorry , misunderstood . 
  well we have one of those razors where you can change the head of it and when it gets too bad , just change it and that 's it . 
  then again , depends on how often you both shave - if often enough , there is no forest , only small grass . 
  that was n't my point . 
  what i was trying to say was that he has a right to feel bad if she goes through the abortion . 
  because it 's like being close to what you wanted and have it taken away . 
  she has the right to make the choice , but his reaction can be negative , even if he does support her . 
  anything you are working on for more than a week ( for a few hours per day ) , should be backed up on a different drive , flash drive and if it 's just an essay ( i. e. a small file ) send it into the cloud ( dropbox , google drive , microsoft drive ) or just send it to yourself on gmail if you do n't have any of those .
