  otherwise i hope you get something to get your life back up . 
  black , for it is the colour of my soul . 
  but seriously , i love black tea . 
  i disagree . 
  the whole sam-frodo-gollum relationship is very badly represented in the movie . 
  and there is too much emphasis on arwen and aragorn . 
  then there is also faramir , who is better in the books . 
  pippin is n't dumb and goofy . 
  theoden is n't as arrogant as he is at helm 's deep . 
  having said all this , i 'm not saying that the movies are bad , it 's fun to watch them , but the books are way better . 
  i also get why some things are missing in the movie as the movies are already long and it was expensive to make them so that does n't bother me that much . 
  but then again this is subjective . 
  if you do n't like tolkien 's writing style i can see why you would prefer the movies . 
  fried are good , do n't eat them alive , they jump in your mouth and that 's just unpleasant . 
  edit : not to mention cruel , but as a kid one does n't think about these things . 
  that 's a bingo !, 
  perfect description of me . 
  i read this as : '' i can cum and whistle at the same time . '', 
  freud is laughing in his grave . 
  what if they do n't judge you for your gaming habits but still do n't want to partake in gaming itself ? 
  for me it 's not just a cat , animals in general . 
  if you hate animals , i see little prospect in dating you . 
  then again i have my own faults that are deal breakers too . 
  there were books on the supernatural , i borrowed only one that was about ghosts and was very scared for a few weeks . 
  in my defence , i was 12 . 
  ne obliviscaris - forget not . 
  for me it 's about not forgetting people who have died . 
  edit : not much of a back story . 
  just lost a lot of people in my life time . 
  that 's my secret : i 'm always nervous . 
  but seriously , i often am pretty nervous , i just do n't act like it . 
  i know that does n't really help . 
  it pretty much depends on the situation . 
  i just have to remind myself not to get too worked up over some things . 
  is your mother near , i ask ? 
  she 's the only one suitable for the task . 
  as your arms have been broken ,, 
  by your own self , furiously strokin ', 
  your own private member is now hard ,, 
  as she asks : `` how do you like this , you retard ? '', 
  my little rats . 
  such cute animals and very cuddly too . 
  if you meant death of a loved one : very badly . 
  i need a few days to compose myself and after that about a month or two , to get my life to a semi-normal track . 
  sometimes memories rush back and those nights are just bad . 
  or dreaming about can also be devastating . 
  my own mortality : i welcome it . 
  it 's something i ca n't truly prevent and even if there is nothing beyond this , i do n't really care . 
  it 's something inevitable and the concept of my own death does n't bother me . 
  getting there is the thing i 'm afraid of . 
  and also leaving loved ones behind - see first paragraph as to why . 
  perfect !, 
  threatening suicide . 
  and i was dumb enough to fall for it . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  but she had a rough childhood and notifying her family did n't really help . 
  should have phoned the police and let them take it further . 
  yes i cut ties with her and her boyfriend . 
  i never want to be in that kind of a situation again . 
  i knew i forgot something , did n't sound quite right . 
  thanks , but her poems are way better . 
  exactly , what i wrote was just a spur of the moment thing and i am not a poet , have tried to write a few years ago but i 'm not good at it . 
  this was just for fun . 
  not sure why you are getting down voted , you are completely right . 
  i would care about the meter , but then it would take a few weeks for me to write the poem . 
  i do n't have it , but if you can relay that answer to cortana i 'm sure it would come in handy . 
  that 's all right , do n't worry ,, 
  on the john it shall unclench in a hurry . 
  for the hype !, 
  it is hyped . 
  i like it for the same reason . 
  no more double loading videos due to bad quality being selected by default . 
  brain 2.0 : not giving a fuck module improved , anxiety levels turned down , motivation module fixed . 
  added extra modules to replace dead ones . 
  memory access fixed , you may now access your memories chronologically . 
  guy was n't even latvian . 
  yey , i made a friend :d, 
  well my memory is not that bad , the problem is that wrong memories come into my head when i do n't want them to . 
  like . . you want to sleep ? 
  nope , let 's remember everyone you miss and wo n't be able to see again . 
  that would be the worst extreme , luckily does n't happen that often any more . 
  is hallucination from malnourish . 
  both men in gulag . 
  they realise and start crying . 
  salt for rocks . 
  that 's exactly what i meant . 
  at best our memory access is associative - smell is for example a powerful trigger , certain sounds/music . 
  normally it seems random or maybe there 's a subconscious trigger that recalls the memory . 
  but to select memory in a chronological order is impossible at this stage or any other order for that matter . 
  even remembering some things , like repressed memories or just memories that are stored in our mind from when we were very young . 
  i am very interested in those hidden ones . 
  so unimportant that i have the time to answer the question of my importance . 
  my conviction of failure being a necessity in order to achieve something . 
  no one does everything right on the first try , but with life you only get one try . 
  unless you believe in reincarnation . 
  an iou from lucifer when i need his help , so that i may call upon him at a time of my choosing and he would have to do exactly what i want to the letter/word . 
  after that he can take me to hell . 
  if i die before that happens , we arrange different terms at the time . 
  not a problem as i have written that he may take me to hell afterwards . 
  so i was presuming he would still live .
