  and religion is abused to convince the masses . 
  some people do n't fall for it and those i deem truly religious , but far too many do . 
  and also every religion was very savage at a point in it 's existence . 
  and i 'm not speaking against religion here . 
  government also allows some very nasty things on its own . 
  but it would be easier if religion would n't be used as an excuse to mask the real reasons we 're at war . 
  i know it 's not that simple . 
  but here religion is just used as one more thing that divides us instead of the opposite . 
  because in my opinion it is the extreme people who are the problem . 
  i mean if your leaders dictate you to kill ... that is an extreme religion/cult/organization . 
  unless it is completely neccesary and no other solution is possible . 
  sorry , went into a rant here . 
  i have no idea who he is , but i will check him out . 
  any particular reason or just an irrational phobia ? 
  ok , i was wrong there . 
  but there are still religious people in norway . 
  and nobody wants to have a different religion thrust upon them , yet these extremists cling to religion for every answer . 
  no matter the religion . 
  and some religious leaders like to abuse that , they see that it works and i hate it , because religion can be a beautiful thing that unites us , instead here it 's used as a divisive force . 
  it 's also being used by media , do n't tell me you have n't noticed . 
  and the problem is that it 's too easy to do that . 
  every religion has times when it was savage and we 're just making the same mistakes over and over again . 
  we as in humans . 
  i do agree that every country should have a right to defend itself in these kind of cases . 
  fair enough . 
  i ask because i used to be a bit afraid of them . 
  they would scurry into the cellar and you would hear them chomping on something . 
  but i never saw one . 
  my granddad set traps and they were just gone . 
  now i have rats as pets and they are just so cute . 
  i mean of course one has to be careful with wild animals - they could carry diseases . 
  i would n't just try to pet a rat in the wild . 
  but the things you described - i ca n't see them anything else than cute . 
  apart from the toilet thing . 
  i do n't want any animal swimming up my toilet . 
  wikipedia says that king crimson , russian circles , tool and converge are supposed to be mathrock . 
  if this is true , it 's on my playlist quite often . 
  a room full of recording equipment with a few guitars of different string numbers and a big pile of money . 
  i do n't care what my enemy gets , i would be too busy playing . 
  if it makes you feel any better , you made me laugh too . 
  on the other hand ... why not . 
  just make it quicker , not a heart attack . 
  dying in the middle of an orgasm . 
  just enough for the orgasm high to mask the pain and then for the endorphins of dying to kick in . 
  probably as painless as it gets . 
  do n't forget piotr from riverside . 
  but he was n't part of the old idols who die from old age . 
  he was very young . 
  tell him to put off his nostalgia goggles . 
  i mean no disrespect to hendrix . 
  he had style , attitude and soul . 
  but if someone thinks there are n't at least as good as musicians as jimi was , then they maybe only see what the media feeds them or are just completely in denial about these times . 
  but times have changes , the rock superstar is gone . 
  artists really struggle to keep playing as the scene is oversaturated . 
  i mean any asshole with a guitar and computer can pretty much record music . 
  i say that , because i am that asshole , but i record for myself , i do n't think i have a real future in music . 
  so people think that legends are n't what they used to be and it 's true . 
  but that does n't make them less skilled or able . 
  you just have to search past the shitty ones . 
  i think i made a typo . 
  i have accidentaly written stribog instead of striborg . 
  great survey though . 
  read that as jar jar , very confusing . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but given the whole movie , i could n't help but laugh at that scene . 
  i mean , it was just so bizarre and the movie was awful as it is , then that scene comes out of nowhere . 
  i mean the dinosaurs and effects were good in the movie - that was the only thing good about it . 
  i just could n't get into it , that 's perhaps why i laughed at that scene . 
  he could have always said no . 
  also while going to rivendell did leave a scar that would always remain with him , that could have been as far as he would go . 
  but from then on he volunteered . 
  i do n't pity him . 
  quite the opposite . 
  he knew that the path would not be easy as proven to him by the trouble they had just getting the ring to rivendell . 
  that 's admirable . 
  well said . 
  that 's exactly what bothered me here too . 
  i mean , i understand that a cover does not necessarily mean that a song has to be like the original is . 
  and nevermore have shown a lot of creativity in covering the same song . 
  even though it 's completely different in atmosphere , i feel it 's better since , it shows their creativity . 
  while disturbed went for the familiar vibe at first and i liked that , but then built it up like a crescendo to this epic , cheesy song . 
  and do n't get me wrong , their performance is not the problem , they are good at what they do . 
  but the idea behind the execution of the cover is what i do n't like . 
  and people who honestly do n't like it . 
  i prefer nevermore 's version of remaking this song . 
  but it is completely different . 
  i would also like to know what it was like . 
  i 'll never have that and it feels like i 'm missing out on a lot . 
  i can read backwards . 
  both my native tongue and english . 
  well not that much any more , because i stopped doing it . 
  takes a bit of practice to read complex/longer words . 
  but for something simple - no problem . 
  alcest - elevation, 
  that 's a bit too happy for my taste . 
  then again the show and the books are completely different things by now . 
  season 17 , episode 10 - gendry still rows his boat . 
  well ramsay dying is becoming pretty much obvious . 
  his character is being made into one of the worst villains . 
  somewhere along the line there will be a satisfying episode , where he dies . 
  i 've been circling for years , davos , where were you ?!,
