  i mean repetition can be a good thing , but i think pharell went a bit overboard on this one . 
  that 's an interesting title for a 9/11 movie . 
  what does it have in it 's pocketssess ? 
  it 's shit ok ? 
  even worst is when you stretch your hand to the other side of the bed , but they are n't there . 
  so there are no misunderstandings - my girlfriend did n't die , she is on a student exchange but morning me keeps forgetting that and tries to reach for her in the morning . 
  could be ok if you have small feet . 
  bonus points if the cat is in the middle of pooping . 
  and the tongue motions to match . 
  well yeah , but the hypothesis is dealing with the question of real vs. simulation . 
  you can make a simulation that feels real , but reality is far from it . 
  so the proposition is , what if the brain is in a vat somewhere but you feel as if you are the container that moves around getting erections and whatnot , when maybe you are just connected to a machine somewhere receiving impulses in your brain . 
  she 's shocked at the moment . 
  but she might recover . 
  it wo n't , you 've got yourself a self-propelled generator right there . 
  how come no one has mentioned kronk 's spinach puffs ? 
  i was taking a bath and the bath salts dissolve into bubbles that went through my whole body - i got erect . 
  of course i started touching my dick well then i was just trying things out and it felt awesome . 
  every now and then . 
  i try not to cry in front of others , even if there is a tragedy . 
  for example : four months ago a friend died of cancer . 
  she was two years younger than me and of course it 's a very sad situation . 
  but i did n't cry when visiting her in the hospital , i did n't even cry at the funeral . 
  but when i 'm alone , i let it all go . 
  and it 's not some sort of a masculinity thing . 
  i just like to deal with my emotions alone . 
  crying is a very personal thing for me . 
  i ca n't even imagine the size of ops mom , let alone the universe . 
  i have the same experience . 
  once a girl dragged me into the mosh pit . 
  i 'm sure she stepped on me at least once or twice , not to mention the other people there . 
  it was fun . 
  one of the best scenes i 've ever seen . 
  both actors react so well . 
  \u017deljko ivanek with the confused look on his face and slight annoyance mixed in and walken being himself - just does n't give a shit . 
  in milton 's paradise lost it is shown as if lucifer 's rebellion happened first and god cast him down . 
  but since lucifer could n't just go to war with god , he would spoil his creation - humans by tricking adam and eve into eating the apple . 
  and if you think of it - the serpent was evil and if it was possessed by satan , he must have rebelled before that , otherwise he would n't be evil i.e. 
  against god . 
  i would like to make an important distinction . 
  social media is a tool . 
  how we use it is up to us . 
  and also a lot of people prefer sharing their happiness with others , instead of their sorrows . 
  why should that be wrong ? 
  i have a bigger problem with people who think that social media is a way to get to know a person - maybe to a degree , but if you really want to know someone , bond in person . 
  facebook is very useful to communicate with groups of people . 
  for example : our band has a chat in which we write who 's going to make it to practice this week , who wo n't . 
  we write down ideas and stuff we should do , we communicate so we do n't have to write to each and everyone separately but we all get the message . 
  but as i said , social media is a tool , it can be misused to create an unrealistic picture of oneself or to stalk other - whatever you want . 
  that 's not up to facebook or twitter or whatever . . but up to us . 
  it 's a good thing we can change channels . 
  i do n't like it either , so i do n't watch it . 
  life causes death , so we should all stop it . 
  also terminator , where it all started . 
  is this the same movie that has this genius quote : `` a b c d e f g h i jklmnop q r s t u v w x y z huh ? 
  that 's all you have to do ! '', 
  that 's true . 
  but are we going to take away every tool that is generally misused ? 
  we might as well not have any tools at all . 
  yes it is annoying , but no one forces anyone to use social media or to keep track with them . 
  that 's their problem and their alone . 
  i can understand the privacy bit , but then again , no one forces you to give them too much info , or to even write in correct information . 
  you just have to know how to use it . 
  you do n't have to write in where you live , what you do , how old you are etc. 
  you do n't have to take pictures of everything that happens to you ( regarding privacy that 's a big thing ) . 
  just use it wisely . 
  yes of course i can understand that . 
  i do n't want to get totally involved in it either . 
  and to be fair you do n't have to . 
  what you do with your social profile is your matter . 
  so it 's not that bad . 
  you do n't like someone ? 
  delete them from the social profile and it 's done . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you to get on social media or anything . 
  this is just my opinion . 
  we have much more power than we know , we just have to use it and not just share everything . 
  you see ads for stuff you do n't like ? 
  quick call the cable guy to fix it !, 
  get cable and then call the cable guy !, 
  you should go see a doctor for that . 
  when my brother first told me i laughed and said that he should stop messing around . 
  i was 12 . 
  but then when i came to have a look , as everyone was watching tv , i just could n't believe my eyes . 
  i felt shocked and after that i started watching the news a lot more often . 
  i still keep track of the news now , not on tv any more but on the internet . 
  so that 's all that directly changed for me . 
  indirectly ... who knows . 
  i have n't travelled to the us yet , so i do n't have any experience with any potential airport security changes . 
  regarding social and economic changes - there are so many factors at work i ca n't even begin to comprehend how that affected everyone . 
  if he had been cumming blood for 4 hours , he 'd be dead . 
  unless it was dripping slowly or something . 
  does it kill you ? 
  say thank you . 
  but if someone starts to comfort me by saying that god has a plan ... i wo n't be aggressive , but wo n't continue with the conversation either or maybe give a weird look . 
  i understand people truly believe that , but if you know i do n't , do not comfort me with it . 
  music and play with/cuddle my rats . 
  if it 's really bad add snacks through the whole day and maybe masturbate more . 
  can confirm , girlfriend is on a student exchange . 
  masturbate a lot . 
  the void consumes all ! ^ ( including your cpu . ),
