  star wars are decent movies , but i never understood all the hype about them . 
  in the middle part :, 
  do not turn your face towards me, 
  confronting me with my loneliness, 
  you are in a forest unknown, 
  the secret orchard, 
  and your voice is vast and achromatic, 
  but still so precious . 
  and also the end :, 
  it is getting dark again, 
  dusk shuffle across the fields, 
  the evening trees moan as if they knew, 
  at night i always dream of you . 
  both taken from black rose immortal from the band called opeth . 
  edit : ca n't make spaces larger , i suck at formatting . 
  i will try it , thanks . 
  you can save a turret from being destroyed in portal 2 . 
  i think you get an achievement for that . 
  i always preferred 1 and 2 , even though i would n't call any of the three bioshock games bad . 
  amnesia : the dark descent and its dlc justine . 
  as for the original it 's a big lovecraftian story . 
  the environments are very well done and i feel it still holds up as one of the most atmospheric games ever made . 
  and the music is just beautiful . 
  i mean it does n't give you too much choice but i feel the way the story is told , the voice acting and the atmosphere made by sounds and sight ( or lack thereof ) ... it just makes it great for me . 
  a great piece of cosmic horror . 
  now as for justine ... a very short dlc ( 20 minutes if you hurry ) , but so much story is packed into it and it gets more horrible the more you think of it . 
  it 's very good psychological horror . 
  unless you are allergic to a certain type of food . 
  then i guess we can decline instead of dying or farting up the whole place . 
  edit : also if you are driving . 
  i mean one beer or two might be ok , but at some point you have to decline alcohol . 
  a train needs to have stations too !, 
  i 'd probably want it to be as realistic as possible to be believable and kill myself by accident . 
  whatever way i would choose that is . 
  nutella with bread . 
  i mean is eating only bread ok ? 
  and also eating only nutella ? 
  because then only the eating sequence has changed . 
  i do n't want to eat chicken that will give me existential crisis . 
  but it 's better than being scared and nervous and making mistakes because of that . 
  confidence is n't necessarily thinking you are a great driver , you just get a bit of a feel for driving and are n't nervous about every little thing you do . 
  that 's what i did wrong the first time i held a gun . 
  the army had a presentation for us when we turned 18 and part of that was handling guns . 
  of course i pick it up with people before me and a soldier immediately yelled at me for having it directed at a person , i was n't even aiming . 
  i understand that it was the right thing for him to do , even if it was n't loaded . 
  i just did n't think to follow that rule at the moment . 
  i did n't even have my finger on the trigger or anything . 
  i just wanted to know what it feels like to have a gun in your hands - it was very heavy . 
  yeah that sucks indeed . 
  i mean with me it 's sometimes more like . . oh you 're lactose intolerant , that 's just another word for pain the ass , right ? 
  people see it as a nuisance for them . 
  i mean i 'm sorry that my body does n't process lactose and sends it straight for my ass !, 
  in regards to save games . . metro last light did something stupid to me . 
  they use a checkpoint save system . 
  and well i guess one check point got bugged or is at a very unfortunate place . 
  everytime i load now - pretty much insta death . 
  i was going for a stealth game play , but it saved right when i was caught . 
  not playing for a few years now i guess . 
  dying all the time . 
  lose your dream and you might lose your mind . 
  every now and then i realize that i 'm losing my dream and my mind is slowly going along for the ride . 
  i completely agree . 
  max payne the movie was a bit generic but still an entertaining movie , if you separated it from the game . 
  but i could n't . 
  i was very excited about the movie and was hoping that it would go the max payne 1 path ... the end of the world vibe , the lonely atmosphere , the broken family . 
  but maybe it got stifled in the budget section . 
  it was very short and the explanation about v was badly made . 
  the visuals were very well made , but what we got was a pg-13 action movie . 
  they could n't even show most of the things that made the atmosphere in the game so great . 
  and to conclude , yeah if it was called something else , the reception would have been way better . 
  lisa gerrard - now we are free from gladiator ost . 
  there are more , but hers is definitely one of the most beautiful ones . 
   baby rabies, 
  god damn anti-vaxxers . 
  i would n't call it tasteless , but they sure did push boundaries . 
  at least if you take in context the time in which the movie came out . 
  for me that is a good thing . 
  i mean they could go from reflecting on society ( we are all individuals ) to a silly sketch ( naughtius maximus , biggus dickus and incontinentia buttocks ) . 
  hello and welcome to bark bark . 
  so when you ask for a different flavor it 's actually a candid way of asking for a different color ? 
  like banana for yellow , strawberry for red and so on ? 
  your comment got me thinking of this one :, 
  unconventional lawyer tries to defend two youths , while his girlfriend points out a photo with dog shit on it , you wo n't believe what happens next !, 
  man wants to reminisce about last summer , teenagers hate him !, 
  is it the problem that he could n't see without his glasses ? 
  dr. jan itor . 
  gave one dude sonic super powers . 
  i stole it from scrubs :, 
  me being dead having a short life far away from her who also died too young far away from me . 
  i take opposites literally so it 's basically me being alive for a long time , very close to her and she would also be alive for a long time very close to me . 
  i hope i have n't divided by zero and doomed all mankind . 
  edit : i could have only written us dying young far apart , so we can have a long life together . 
  amnesia : the dark descent . 
  such a spooky game , but such lovely music . 
  sort of like gendry in got . 
  what was wrong with mk : x ? 
  do n't forget frictional games . 
  but on the other hand , bethesda has doom . 
  wife !, 
  sister !,
