  yes i have . 
  bad company fused with some issues on my own . 
  once i got out of that company , everything went for the better . 
  just a lot of stuff piled up on me and i cracked . 
  but no one around me knows and i do n't ever plan to tell them . 
  the loud cunt . 
  i do n't do bad stuff , i just ca n't hold my voice at a normal volume any more . 
  once i 'm drunk enough my hearing goes out the window and my voice has to reach it . 
  other functions are normal . 
  unless more alcohol is applied , then my balance goes out the window too and i 'm sure to follow it in a short while . 
  wait are bath salts used for anything else than the massaging effect they have on the body once they turn into sweet bubbles that caress my naked body ? 
  fair enough . 
  i think it 's cute . 
  but i would n't want to meet one in real life , because i do n't know what it 's capable of . 
  agalloch - the hawthorne passage - once you understand where the movie dialogue comes from and what it means in the context of the movies . 
  from the same album the desolation song . 
  korn - daddy . 
  it 's just incredibly dark . 
  maybe it just wants something to caress with it 's gentle tentacles . 
  keep your nasty cock-sucking chips !, 
  when it 's meant as a joke , i do n't really mind . 
  but when someone uses this or the eagles or similar powers in a real argument , then it does bother me . 
  there was a time when cocaine was legal . 
  include into that a glass of wine , while eating a meal . 
  i just love to come home , whip something up ( or my gf does , depends on who is first at home ) and have a glass of wine along with the meal , if i do n't have to drive anywhere that day . 
  well to be fair , things that are thought of as `` cool '' are usually pretty dumb . 
  not all of them . 
  but do n't tell me this generation is better in that regard . 
  my father 's death . 
  even though i was n't aware of it on a conscious level - being one year old and all , my mom said that after it happened for a short while i was crying a lot more than before . 
  it was probably his absence that caused this . 
  and now i frequently wonder what could have been . 
  i am not judgemental either . 
  i just like my music to be a bit different . 
  i ca n't stand most of radio music , but that 's just my taste . 
  i hate it when people are annoyed for me not liking popular music . 
  i know what i like and what i do n't , that does n't make me judgemental . 
  every genre of music has its snobs . 
  pop snobs say that metal is a bunch of maniacs screaming and it 's not even music , while metal snobs say that anything that is n't 200 bpm or faster is soft ass shit . 
  or any kind of game . 
  there 's always that one person that takes everything too seriously . 
  sure is fun to fuck with them though . 
  the `` correct '' rules is a phrase i hear too often at the beginning of playing monopoly . 
  the answer to those is pretty simple : `` you want to be off the guest list ? 
  because that 's how you get off the guest list . '', 
  or just a simple fuck/sod off . 
  is there a branch of police that deals with genocide ? 
  when someone speaks about a child 's age and even though the child is older than a year they still talk about months . 
  30 months is two and a half years , ma !, 
  so that 's why they always seem to think that they are right . 
  because if you keep your child in a sterile bubble for the first 7-11 years , then their immune system is n't all that good in fighting off germs and then they get sick faster . 
  i made funny faces at a kid a few months ago and his parents just started laughing . 
  have n't met a single person that would act weird , but then again i do n't approach kids , if i have contact with a kid it is because they approached me . 
  unless i know them for long enough . 
  well to be fair some shows do get better with time . 
  their pilot episodes and first few are crap , but then it evolves into something much better . 
  i mean , i can understand someone saying that you should stick with it if you really want to see something good . 
  but i would n't get upset over it . 
  why should i give a fuck what you want to watch ? 
  in my opinion the office got shitty way before that . 
  but then again i prefer the uk version of the office . 
  and while the us version is entertaining , it just feels as if everyone is just a stereotypical character ( but they do evolve in some episodes ) . 
  to be fair , i do watch/read asoiaf for the characters . 
  the magic and whatnot is just icing on the cake . 
  is that a time squad reference ? 
  nah the nineties did n't suck . 
  but they were n't any better than today is either . 
  i mean the world changes and some people/things change for the better , others for the worse . 
  true , but my mind went to the show . 
  used to watch it a lot as a kid . 
  it 's like a pissing contest . 
  the guy with the longest name wins . 
  right , there are no more nazis . 
  mako in every game . 
  was superior to . . probe launched , probe away etc. 
  well that depends on what you believe . 
  i 'm not trying to take this away from you , because it 's a very good way to keep motivated , but i do n't believe you can honour your loved ones by being your best . 
  i do n't think dead people benefit at all from being honoured . 
  it 's all for the living - funerals , graves etc. 
  but i do agree that life is definitely worth living . 
  so many interesting things are out there - discovered or not , i ca n't imagine a few lifetimes being enough to get bored on this planet - let alone go around exploring other planets sometime in the future . 
  edit : happy cake day !, 
  edit1 : i 'm sorry / u/adclemson if my post offended you in any way or if it seemed as if i was belittling your belief , that was not why i wrote this , i just wanted to state my subjective opinion . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  i 'm writing this because a comment below this one made me realize that this comment can be misinterpreted in such a way . 
  why do n't you like to talk to people ? 
  or are you just in the wrong company ? 
  i am awkward too , but having the same interests is n't a prerequisite for having a conversation . 
  now if you are n't interested in other people , why would you even want/have to talk to them ? 
  you shot them after they broke up with you ? 
  is it not progenies of the great apocalypse ? 
  could you explain why aenema makes you question that ? 
  agree about time . 
  it always makes me realize how much of my life is already over and how fast it 's going . 
  is n't it just one word that 's different ? 
  one says shit the other thorns , if i recall correctly . 
  from the same album : henry lee . 
  so beautiful , but so haunting . 
  opeth - hessian peel . 
  i can understand that .
