  well that really depends on the kind of humour that a person likes . 
  i like both , because the british one is more realistic . 
  does n't have those feel good endings . 
  but the us one has crazier plots and characters . 
  so it depends on my mood . 
  the only thing that bothers me about us office is all the romance . 
  but that happens with most shows that have 5 + seasons . 
  in saying that the jim/pam story and jane/michael are great . 
  the rest not so much . 
  edit : also michael/holly , both the same amount of crazy . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i was hooked from episode one . 
  i mean the show is hilarious . 
   people think it 's too slow . 
  true , but that 's what made it interesting for me . 
  try dividing by zero and we 'll see if there is anything left to break . 
  i feel that there is a moral dilemma with making the elite soldier . 
  because a good soldier is not one who is bloodthirsty , so there should n't be a need to fight , but a will to do what 's necessary . 
  and to raise someone into this is cruel , but if you want a slayer , what else is there to do ? 
  i mean do you train someone and risk breaking them or do you go easy on them and not prepare them as you should ? 
  i 'm not advocating giles here . 
  but the question of morality in war is a hard one to answer . 
  often one must do horrible things in order to ensure the safety of the world . 
  i mean there is a situation where giles does kill glory , by killing ben , who is mortal and innocent . 
  and he even tells him that no one else has it in them to do it . 
  right before he suffocates him . 
  is that a good or a bad decision ? 
  tell the whole story please . 
  how did they react ? 
  high on what ? 
  i mean lsd , pot that sounds like a bad time . 
  if you were drunk or on cocaine that might not be too much of a problem . 
  well to be fair it 's the multi tasking that bothers me . 
  want to have a serious talk longer than 10 minutes ? 
  nope . . have to check my phone . 
  and it would n't bother me if the person could do both at the same time , but they mostly ca n't . 
  also watching a movie ... if it 's a really good one , why ca n't you go 2 hours without your phone in order to follow the movie and not ask me what is happening ? 
  i do n't mind phones becoming popular and useful but the attempted multi tasking is getting on my nerves . 
  ^ ( please no ), 
  i still find bowie 's voice more fitting for the lyrics . 
  but yeah their cover is brilliant . 
  : : gasps in sign language : :, 
  harry potter and the hooker with a penis . 
  um . . yeah that 's what i wrote ... pot or lsd i can pretty much get that you had a bad time . 
  but alcohol or cocaine might be good . 
  i ca n't help but feel like i just won the lottery . 
  from catching extra alien channels ? 
  why would you want that ? 
  the funny thing here would be the cia not knowing i do n't have a best friend . 
  if quickly : in sleep or just something that i would n't even be aware of . . insta kill stuff . 
  if i have to go not so quickly then running out of air . 
  if underwater or not , i feel that would be the best way to go . 
  sure there is panic and pain , but physical pain from stabbing , being clubbed or set on fire sounds even worse . 
  dying slowly of a disease is something i want to avoid at all costs . 
  freezing to death also seems very long and painful . 
  maybe dying like nph in gone girl would be ok too , but there 's the cutting and it was messy . 
  i think it 's the last two episodes of courage the cowardly dog . 
  first one is how he lost his parents and later muriel found him . 
  the whole part is just very sad . 
  the second is the episode entitled perfect . 
  it basically has a teacher that constantly berates him for being creative in his own way , instead of adhering to her rules . 
  every fibre of his being then takes away the message of how he is n't perfect . 
  he does overcome it . 
  but until that point when the fish tells him that it 's his imperfections that make him perfect , everything just beats down on him . 
  i like to take that one as a metaphor for the dangers of telling your kids what they are instead of letting them decide . 
  i know a few parents that tell their kids that they are not capable of completing school or going to college . 
  and the kids start believing that . 
  that makes me very sad . 
  not my native language , thanks for pointing it out . 
  oh yes that was a good one too . 
  with the bells . 
  also taught me to always return the slab . 
  you do n't want that infernal music in your house . 
  and now it 's in my head . 
  then cancel all your earth channels too , just in case . 
  all hail hypnotoad !, 
  from my point of view , you do n't get divorced for nothing . 
  you might break up with someone for trivial reasons or a bit ahead of time to not get yourself into an unhealthy relationship . 
  but i see divorce as a result of it . 
  you get divorced once you have tried almost everything to make it work , but just ca n't . 
  or if someone brings so much negative influence in your life , that you ca n't get past it . 
  for me it depends on the age of the child . 
  but as soon as a child is old enough to understand the concept of tradition , i would explain that we give gifts in order to honour someone who existed in the past and that all the stories are there to set the spirit of the holiday , not a verbatim dictation of true events . 
  well she did n't want you to eat with your butt . 
  pretty much depends on the situation . 
  if you cry about every little thing , then i would agree with you - it gets annoying or there might be an underlying condition that causes that reaction . 
  it 's a red flag . 
  but when shit gets real , you can cry as much as you want . 
  we should n't just take it completely away . 
  when boys are n't allowed to cry , they get no experience with crying and then do n't know how to react when their spouse does it so it gets dismissed as useless and irritating . 
  really depends on the situation . 
  if you 're at a funeral , you can just let it go in public . 
  it 's not easy when you start blaming yourself . 
  when you feel that you deserve the abuse . 
  and some people are very good at convincing others that they are a worthless piece of shit . 
  in a violent place we can call our country ,, 
  there 's a mixed up man and i guess that 's me ,, 
  the sun 's in the sky but the storm never seems to end . 
  it 's a place of sorrow but we call it a home, 
  and the darkest thoughts , yeah i guess they 're my own ,,
