  also that was just the first example i could think of . 
  i did n't try to say that warcraft is better than asoiaf . 
  but to me it would be a cliche . 
  as you said it 's been used since forever . 
  now i do n't want dany to be a mary sue and always right , but i hope she will develop in another way . 
  i mean it 's just too obvious for her to follow the example set by her ancestors . 
  i really think that martin is better than that . 
  edit : especially given what viserys put her through . 
  but at least it has a bunch of other stuff in it . 
  the less dihydrogen monoxide there is the better . 
  if you have nothing else , large quantities of sugar will help . 
  but be on the lookout for ugly edgar suits as that kind of behaviour tends to attract them . 
  i just listened to the album for the first time on google music on my headphones . 
  and what a ride it was . 
  since steven announced that it would be a heavily pop influenced album , i was a bit afraid that he would go the opeth - sorceress route . 
  and sorceress is not a bad album , i just find that i want to skip more songs than on previous opeth releases . 
  i mean upon further listnening that is . 
  some have grown on me , most have n't , but that 's what happens when a band changes direction . 
  and opeth have very much simplified their music for sorceress , which is n't a bad idea , but it has to be done right - damnation pulled it off , sorceress has n't . 
  to return to the album at hand - on first listen i can find two songs that do n't really do much for me that are blank tapes and people who eat darkness . 
  i will most likely skip those two after i hear the whole album about five to six times . 
  this happens to me with all steven 's albums . 
  two songs really is n't a lot . 
  the rest of the album was very well done . 
  i also like how steven usually puts songs in order - it 's quite a trip emotionally ( atmospherically perhaps a better word ? ) . 
  i really like the crescendos in pariah and refuge . 
  especially , since after refuge we go directly into permanating - the complete opposite of the previous song . 
  he has done something similar with hse ( 3 years older into title track and also ancestral into happy returns ) . 
  i will definitely buy this one . 
  but insurgentes still remains my favorite . 
  but why is the k silent in knight and not in knigget ? 
  but then one day . . hooray . 
  well they are n't bad songs . 
  but on first listen those two did nothing for me in comparison with the rest of the album . 
  but it also happens on most albums for me . 
  there are very few albums where i can say , that i really liked the whole thing . 
  yes song of the unborn is a great song and a good conclusion to the whole album . 
  i agree about the sound quality , that 's why i listened to the album on my headphones at night when everyone else was sleeping . 
  i wanted to listen without someone distracting me . 
  spoilers ahead , you have been warned . 
  the part in the end when the machine talks to you - a child 's shadow is the name of the clip in the original soundtrack . 
  the voice acting along with beautiful yet haunting visuals and the piano under it is just magnificent . 
  also the church bit - great music and i was really scared that something will jump out of somewhere . 
  it was the first place that had me really worried . 
  it started off kind of slow for me . 
  but when things started happening , i enjoyed it . 
  i read that there was a lot of content that was scrapped , which i feel is a shame , since it took me about 4-5 hours to complete it . 
  so it was a bit short , but well done . 
  i think it was the first step into the soma direction . 
  while i loved tdd , i do n't think it had much more to tell us about our world - not more to think about outside of it . 
  sure it had a lot of moral grey areas and i loved the lovecraftian elements , but it was more closed in the world it created , while amfp and soma relate a lot to the real world . 
  do n't get me wrong , if tdd was bad i would n't go on playing amfp and soma - it was one of the best horror games i played . 
  i do think that tdd had the better atmosphere in regards to amfp , i did like that they changed the gameplay , even though i would prefer more complex puzzles ( soma did the story vs. puzzles balancing very well imo ) . 
  i did like that even though the insanity meter and blurred vision was gone , the pigs were very fast and i rarely was able to escape them ( maybe because i wanted to find everything and was looking around too much ) . 
  i enjoyed the way they tied stuff together and was completely unprepared for the ending . 
  i loved the attention to detail , but then again that is pretty much a constant in fg 's titles . 
  and as always the sounds and the music was brilliant . 
  i react more to sounds than i do to visuals , so that 's a big thing for me . 
  so to sum up - great music and detail as always . 
  too short , too easy but a well told story . 
  no i was n't looking just to get scared , but there is a difference if there is a scary atmosphere or if the game resorts to jump scares as outlast has a bit too often for my taste . 
  also a lot of gore everywhere , i might be too desensitized to gore in video games . 
  in some rooms/areas i felt the scary atmosphere , but not for most of the game . 
  and the story was n't that deep either , unless i missed someting . 
  it did n't give me much to think about as in soma . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm the problem here , i just could n't connect with it . 
  i mean the general population of the asylum was very well made , i was afraid of most mad people in there . 
  it 's definitely not a bad game and i do n't regret playing/buying it . 
  but i did n't feel like it was a great one either . 
  maybe i should lay off horror games for a while and then come back and be scared shitless . 
  you know too much of the same thing for too long or something . 
  i mean , i did like the game enough to finish it . 
  but i doubt i will be replaying it . 
  at least not anytime soon . 
  it was too short as well . 
  or maybe i rushed it . 
  thanks for your opinion . 
  if tes 6 goes into the direction they took fallout 4 or even skyrim and disable free mods , then i 'm not buying it . 
  skyrim was great and a real experience with mods . 
  fallout 4 was n't all that great but again - improved with mods . 
  now if mods are taken out of the equation , i 'd rather replay oblivion , skyrim with mods or fo : 1-4 with mods . 
  for me it 's not just the micro-transactions . 
  it 's the loading everything on my computer during updates . 
  i mostly have at least one fallout and one tes game on my computer - if both games are going to download all creation club content on updates , that can accumulate . 
  second reason - i get that modders should be paid and completely agree that it 's a bit connected to mod quality ( especially bigger mods ) . 
  but if they again release a buggy game which modders fix with their own work and charge us players for it - is n't that like releasing an unfinished , buggy game and then sell software ( money unfairly divided ) that makes it run ok ? 
  i mean skyrim had an unofficial patch for every dlc and for the main game . 
  that worries me a bit . 
  what do you hate about them ? 
  i mean mordin , kirahee are two great characters in my opinion . 
  fair enough . 
  unless you 're a moron like me . 
  i had to shout at everything . 
  my mind went : `` oooh shiny , i wonder if my shout reaches it ! '', 
  * queue dragon and me panicking *, 
  bonus story : first time i met those two dragons that come out of the ice in the same questline , i was running for cover but watching them both and then i fell into one of the holes they came out of . 
  i had 2 water breathing potions and a bunch of healing ones , but i was lost under the ice . 
  me and serana both drowned . 
  there is a farm with a bunch of nirnroot . 
  i was using headphones and for a moment i thought i had tinnitus .
