  i 'm caught up in distractions , like hobbies , work , entertainment . 
  but in the end i will be forgotten and will not truly make a difference . 
  i live simply , because i had no choice not to . 
  no one asked me if i want to be conceived and born . 
  i just was and here i am , trying to survive in what we call our world , for a little while . 
  trying to make sense of my life and i know there is n't any . 
  no reason to live , no reason to die . 
  if you ca n't handle him at his deadest , you do n't deserve him at his alivest . 
  ^ ( i know it 's most alive but that does n't fit well ) ^ sorry ^ grammar ^ nazis, 
  hey if you want to cover all the bases , why not gay jewish reptilian that was born a woman muslim ? 
  steven wilson . 
  would have been born at five months if the doctors would n't have stopped it . 
  me and my mom would have both died if later they would n't accelerate it . 
  something was wrong with the placenta , not completely sure what happened there . 
  besides that i had an inflamed trachea once . 
  if the swelling would continue , i would die because i would be unable to breathe . 
  * charmed ? 
  i find this kind of irony very amusing . 
  haha , i have been jumping from comments to comments by links . 
  it 's been a wild ride . 
  when i was a student . 
  now i have a job . 
  sometimes , especially if the same person responds to me more than once . 
  maybe we are both just cruising askreddit at pretty much the same time . 
  nope even they managed to get a few . 
  i mean it 's all subjective anyway . 
  i think there is n't an artists that has released only good songs . 
  even if they have only one or two albums out . 
  because we usually measure artists by their own standards . 
  like a bad band will make something mediocre and people say , well that 's good given what they made . 
  and the reverse - a very good band , makes a decent song and it 's thought of as a weak song by them . 
  when i explained my world view to my mother , she said that i have to be religious as no non-religious person has any incentive to be morally good . 
  she is very religious , i am not any more . 
  maybe she was in denial about me getting out of religion in which she raised me . 
  one might also say ( 0,0,0 ) . 
  and then become one of the main characters by mistake . 
  or metro 2033 . 
  would n't be a long life though . 
  guitar for me . 
  and trying to sing along . 
  well if your coach does n't mind you might as well sit in him . 
  but that 's pretty much practical , dick in butt fits perfectly . 
  then my friend you play the crying game . 
  burning is often categorized as the most painful sensation . 
  in a bit of a different context than the lyrics are meant . 
  but the idea of you trying to help someone in a bad situation and get abuse in return . 
  50 ways you can fuck up your life , number 40 will shock you . 
  awesome band . 
  well i went crowd surfing on an in flames concert at metaldays once . 
  but i started from the crowd and worked my way up past from the fence , where security usually catches people . 
  the band was cheering for crowd surfing and a lot of us did it . 
  but when i made it to the first three rows , there were just these 14 year old girls that dropped me . 
  luckily security caught me by my ankle , otherwise i would land head first to the ground . 
  it was n't too high , but it would be pretty bad . 
  i was so mad that time . 
  but that was just one of the bad experiences , usually if i went crowd surfing it was ok . 
  yeah had a guy yesterday in the library . 
  i was walking a bit faster as i was in a hurry and right at the entrance he goes in front of me pulls his cellphone out and starts reading something and stops completely . 
  almost crashed into him with full force . 
  but i just uttered something angry under my breath and went inside . 
  why do you not upgrade to 8.1 ? 
  way better than 8 . 
  mostly people hang them out during national holidays . 
  if you are in any bigger city there are good chances you will see one . 
  in my town ? 
  rarely . 
  dad died , everyone handled it on his/her own way , we got so different , that we kind of lost our relationships . 
  we are n't hostile to one another and would help out in need . 
  but we are n't all that close either . 
  yes , that was it , detached placenta is the phrase i remember when she told me about it . 
  music . 
  they have 8 holes actually . 
  me laying down on a bed with headphones on my head listening to some good music . 
  for bonus points , i would be stoned just the right amount . 
  listen rather than speak . 
  unless you have something smart/interesting to say or if you are asked a question . 
  i do n't talk much . 
  i love the post-apocalyptic , impending doom atmosphere of it . 
  but yeah shortly after starting to explore the outside i 'm sure another person would kill me . 
  if a dog or a boar would n't get me first . 
  is that a little butt emoticon ? 
  i have no secrets , was a stupid joke , nothing more . 
  gate is too mainstream . 
  ah , i see it now , well seems like freud messed with my head a bit there . 
  hard to tell on reddit when someone is serious or not :d, 
  how long is the short while ? 
  and what degree is the pain ? 
  i mean surely childbirth is painful and can last for a long time . 
  but i would take it over being burned alive any day . 
  even though i will never experience it since i 'm a guy . 
  but the women i know that have given birth and talked about it said that it is painful , but not even remotely as painful as we imagine . 
  then again it 's all up to the individual . 
  i can believe that some women suffer greatly while giving birth . 
  well for one he was way stronger than me , i 'm very skinny , would probably hurt me more . 
  secondly , i was in a hurry and i did n't want to waste time with an idiot . 
  i have my own life and usualy do n't make time for someone like that . 
  it was just an annoyance , now if he had done some damage to me or run into me deliberately i would react . 
  but if i took time to deal with anyone that annoyed me ... well that 's not how i want to live my life . 
  better let go and just move on for little things like that . 
  the one i would have chosen as well .
