  original by alanis morisette . 
  the kids are n't all right really hits now that i got older . 
  it 's a playground , i 'm playing , now sod off . 
  [ silence intensifies ], 
  answer with : `` my dick . '', 
  always get some fun responses . 
  ha , i made a little bit of a social experiment on my family . 
  once we had a celebration in a restaurant and i ordered vegetarian pizza . 
  to be honest , i had a bunch of meat for lunch the day before and just did n't feel like eating meat for this exact meal . 
  the weird looks and questions i got . 
  had to explain to everyone that i 'm not a vegetarian , just did n't feel like eating meat at the moment . 
  should have just told them to fuck off . 
  oh i like answering that one , just to see the response . 
  we do n't need to get married to have a barbecue , ma !, 
  a positive reaction can be fun too . 
  decapitated , opeth , steven wilson 's bands , dillinger escape plan , anathema , morbid angel , bloodbath . 
  it 's just so fun to sing along . 
  that should bother us a lot . 
  people like that are extremely unsafe . 
  people raging behind me when i drive , when i have done nothing wrong and they are just being impatient . 
  sorry i do n't drive above the speed limit . 
  i just get nervous when someone honks at me and starts yelling in their car . 
  like the last time a cyclist was on the road and i could n't pass him due to traffic on the left side . 
  some guy nearly lost his shit . 
  we were driving slowly for a minute or two . 
  i got very nervous , even though i did nothing wrong . 
  bothered me for the whole day . 
  let yourself grieve when you 're ready . 
  until then keep yourself busy . 
  and definitely keep your distance from your ex . 
  that means any contact whatsoever . 
  do n't check their facebook , do n't call them or message them - nothing . 
  i mean it helps with getting over them . 
  at least that 's what i did after the end of a relationship . 
  well it also depends on what kind of terms you ended the relationship . 
  but right after the break up i tend to avoid contact . 
  until i get over them . 
  at least that 's what i did with my exes . 
  then after a while , when i see them differently - any kind of contact is ok . 
  it 's not like you have to shut them out of your life completely . 
  but it helps to not have too much contact when you 're trying to get over them . 
  you can still be friends if that 's what you want - but that takes time and some getting used to at least in my experience . 
  definitely not . 
  but you must address it . 
  how to deal with it . 
  do n't spoil or coddle children too much , instead teach them how to cope . 
  my mom did n't teach me all that well and i still have problems sometimes . 
  but then again i was too young to be taught anything at the time . 
  it was a bad situation and she actually did very well given the circumstances . 
  hm , that 's an interesting situation . 
  never had that kind of experience . 
  i think the main thing is for you to figure out what you want and tell her . 
  and if she still says no , then there 's nothing left to do , but move on . 
  that is if you want to be with her . 
  but that 's just my opinion , maybe ask someone else for advice as well , i do n't really know you or her and i 'm just a random stranger on the internet . 
  agreed - when they can pass i slow down - move away and let them go . 
  but in the case i mentioned , no one could pass anyone since there was n't enough space and him getting so angry did n't help anyone as we all could see that we could n't go anywhere . 
  no problem . 
  what i meant was , that my advice is just my point of view . 
  you might get different opinions that apply to your situation better . 
  all right , good luck to you . 
  english language when i was younger . 
  also introduced me to a lot of books and music , by reference or that they have taken inspiration from . 
  why did you decide to be vegetarian ? 
  thanks for the warning , but yeah guilt does n't make a good motivator with something like this . 
  i saw a goat being killed when i was in elementary school and it bothered me too and i hate that there is an industry in meat . 
  but on the other hand - eating meat seems natural to me . 
  not too much , but a certain amount . 
  and not all of us have the time to be hunters - so naturally the meat industry was created for that exact purpose - to get meat as cheaply and quickly as possible . 
  this is a moral issue of sorts . 
  but in the end , i do also eat products made from animals and am a bit conflicted on the subject . 
  well by law one should not drive on the sidewalk ( even though it was empty ) . 
  the road was n't really wide and the cyclist was a bit old - maybe he just did n't care , maybe he could n't go too fast . 
  but even if the guy did n't see the cyclist , he went mental . 
  maybe i had problems of my own and getting that angry is n't helping anyone . 
  i understand the honking - as to alert someone to something . 
  but he went from calm to angry very fast . 
  he bowl so big , he strike . 
  \\ #freewilly, 
  well the toilet is n't all that small so , it 's just rad , hold the super . 
  that 's actually a very good question . 
  edit : define a few . 
  if limited to our own country , we have a series of movies called that involve a boy named kekec . 
  everyone knows about those and they are quoted , especially by older generations , because the movies are pretty old . 
  what is a question you hate answering ? 
  oh you would n't like me . 
  i do that to relieve stress . 
  especially in the car after work . 
  it really rejuvenates me . 
  that was exactly what i was trying to determine . 
  i mean where is the limit we are willing to compensate our body for our mind and vice versa ? 
  we 've had four rats in the last four years ( only one left alive now ) . 
  first was morana - slavic goddess of death . 
  then there were three males :, 
  manuel, 
  salvador, 
  gf likes spanish names so she chose these two . 
  illidan - he 's the one who is still alive . 
  bunch of pinheads . 
  if it 's my gf yeah , else nope .
