  others very beautiful . 
  what can i say , i like john woo 's movies . 
  i agree about the motorcycle scenes though . 
  and i was talking about my taste , i would n't claim that it was a good movie in general . 
  chill out k. 
  depends on where you live . 
  well of course , you ca n't possibly expect others to do something precisely as you envision it . 
  [ bran is varging hodor too much , i understand his need for it , but i find it morally wrong . 
  ok i forgot that arya has n't done anything too questionable yet - i mixed the show and the books ] ( / spoiler ), 
  devin townsend project 's cover of devin townsend 's song kingdom . 
  yes . 
  i like both very much . 
  should have written that the emphasis was shifting from narrative to cgi . 
  at least i got that feeling . 
  but i do acknowledge that it 's a hard thing to film all six books in three movies and of course they could n't get everything `` right '' . 
  haha , but it 's a big improvement on the original . 
  my first gameplay . 
  i mean all but legion survived the second part . 
  but most of the galaxy did n't make it through the last part . 
  oh maaaan can you beliiiiiiiiiieeveeveve it , it was right there !, 
  for god 's sake jim , i 'm a doctor not a pool man !, 
  if i recall correctly it 's more like : ashoooooooolooooo mioooooo o sooooodomiiaaaaaaa ... something sometihng holy !, 
  testicle tuesday !, 
  well do you see me eating mice ? 
  i did n't figure it out at first either . 
  at about third or fifth viewing i figured it out and laughed like a moron :d, 
  that i completely agree with . 
  but once the deal was done , they should not have backed out of it . 
  another word for tree branches . 
  i was sick and lying on the couch with 39 degrees body temperature . 
  when i was awake i wanted to read something , i think it was a commercial or something , but i got tired very quickly , so i threw it on what i thought was the floor and fell asleep . 
  now that was during the winter and i had a little heater in the room , quite close to the couch , so i had some extra heat . 
  well the paper landed on the heater and covered the air intake which lead to it overheating and there were sparks , a few fuses went out , luckily there was no fire - the floor was wooden . 
  i sure woke up quickly that time . 
  how to respond to suicide threats . 
  now i know and never again will i be taken advantage of . 
  sloths - especially the ones that mistake their hand for a branch , try to grip and fall to their deaths . 
  call family . 
  if family is n't available/an option or no one believes you , call the police/emergency services . 
  i sort of developed a lower tolerance policy , since someone extorted me with threats of suicide . 
  so now i promised myself to take them seriously and just call the proper authorities . 
  you never know who is serious and who is n't and in any case it 's not something to be taken lightly . 
  but only professionals can help . 
  i was dumb enough to enable that and threats like that always show that there is an underlying problem in that person 's life . 
  they might hate you for it , but that 's pretty much the only solution i see . 
  it tells the story of johannes faust and also includes some dialogues from the movie that was adapted from the book . 
  that and also calling the police first . 
  well i assume that no one expects to be in that kind of situation . 
  and denial is a very common response from their peers/parents - few people take it seriously . 
  i mean mental illness in general - people claim to be depressed , a lot of jokes about killing oneself ... 
  and that 's truly not something to be worried about in regard of what will happen - just people making drama . 
  what i mean here is real threats . 
  when someone seems serious enough - it 's a hard choice . 
  even though i had once read , that people that are truly serious about suicide , will tell no one . 
  but that 's not enough to guarantee that someone saying they will kill themselves wo n't do it . 
  i feel like nick 's boogie by pink floyd is n't played enough . 
  that applies to the human race too . 
  explore them a bit ... what you have named are just the popular ones . 
  there is a lot of pink floyd music , that is unknown to the wide public . 
  i mean piper at the gates of dawn is such a crazy record , but i love it . 
  killed by the nosalises or whatever they are named . 
  metro : last light . 
  oh , i thought you were just hearing the ones everyone was . . 
  i get sick of those too . 
  but ok , to each his/her own . 
  what music do you like ? 
  neurotech - blue screen planet pt . 
  2 - revelation . 
  and with strange aeons even death may die . 
  that was pretty much the same situation i was in . 
  but you must understand these people are n't mentally stable and there is always an underlying reason for this kind of behaviour . 
  i mean the person that was doing that to me did have some strange things occur to them that i will not go into for their sake . 
  and a stupid teenager like i was at the time can do very little . 
  but i was afraid to call the authorities and was n't really taught how to handle the situation . 
  i 'm not sure now if my response is the `` right '' one or not . 
  but since i poorly handled this the first time , i have decided to at least try to improve that . 
  i meant call the police - yell fire , help and i have called the police . 
  but yeah perhaps that 's quicker if you bluff a bit about already calling the police . 
  why would they want that ? 
  but this one had the balls to tell someone else . 
  in fact everyone knew it . 
  and at the beginning it was n't a problem - we talked a lot , we even met a lot of times , for the sake of sharing each other 's problems . 
  we made a connection . 
  but then it became about control . 
  i could n't allow for that . 
  and when i started saying no , that 's when it started turning real ugly . 
  i do n't mind being there for someone , to talk or even meet and interact in any way . 
  but when it comes to controlling others , that 's too far . 
  and it might have been something that happened to them that has triggered that kind of behaviour , but i ca n't allow someone to do that to me in any circumstance . 
  and i think that they did n't want me to call anyone as that was a tactic that was used on everyone , not just me . 
  there was no shortage of people that this was done to . 
  so from now on i consider every threat sincere , let them deal with the fallout if it is n't . 
  i can see your point though and yeah that 's not something i would have considered at the time . 
  but you know , you live and you learn . 
  are you doing better now ? 
  if you are and if it 's not too much to ask , i wonder how did you overcome these kind of thoughts and what could a person do to be there for you ? 
  you can pm me if you do n't want to write about it here . 
  it was a joke . . apparently a bad one . 
  i do n't think you should feel too bad about not doing too much . 
  you ca n't let someone take advantage on you and pressure you like that for a long time .
