   i know . 
  you have my whole heart . 
  you always did . 
  you 're the best guy . 
  you always were . 
  if i 'm not here you can still talk to me . 
  you can talk to me and i 'll talk to you . 
  you 'll see . 
   will i hear you ? 
   yes . 
  you will . 
  you have to make it like talk that you imagine . 
  and you 'll hear me . 
  you have to practice . 
  just do n't  give up . 
  okay ? 
   okay . 
   okay . 
   i 'm really scared papa . 
   i know . 
  but you 'll be okay . 
  you 're going to be lucky . 
  i know you are . 
  i 've got to stop talking . 
  i 'm going to start   coughing again . 
   it 's okay , papa . 
  you do n't have to talk . 
  it 's okay . 
  the road - cormac mccarthy . 
  a very sad , yet very hopeful moment , from the almost end of the book . 
  it really speaks to me , given the message of the book . 
  edit : formatting . 
  but if you get paid to play a character that smells like shit , then smearing dog poo on your face might help . 
  playing obnoxious characters is usually done by great actors ( jack gleeson for example ) . 
  i hated joffrey , but that does n't mean that the character is bad , quite the opposite , he was designed to be annoying and hated , the same way as todd packer was designed to be obnoxious and played that role very well . 
  when you find it , please share it . 
  it 's not a deflection . 
  it 's the place that the character has within the context of the show . 
  so yeah todd packer is an obnoxious shit head . 
  i never said i did n't agree with that assesment . 
  but the office is built so that everyone has a role to play and his was just being a dick head , so i just pointed out that , that was his purpose in the show and if they make someone feel this strongly about him , the actor and character within the show have done their job . 
  there is no redeeming todd , but without him , some of the storylines would have to be cut , or changed . 
  it was , yes . 
  but there is so much hope within as well . 
  baby do n't hurt me . 
  do n't hurt me , no more . 
  well villans are supposed to be bad . 
  and if you do n't like them , that means that the character was well written and the actor/actress has done their job . 
  i get it . 
  and yeah i agree . 
  but it 's not what i was saying . 
  since a lot of us office was modeled after uk 's version at least in the beginning , i theorize , that packer was made off of another character ( i forget the name ) from uk 's version . 
  and that one was so obnoxious , that even ricky gervais 's character . . that was the boss in uk 's version told him to fuck off . 
  and if i remember correctly , michael tells packer something similar at some point . 
  and that 's what his purpose was , to be portrayed as obnoxious and then disregarded to show michael changing and i thought that they had done that very well , so that 's why i wrote that he seemed to achieve his goal . 
  the same could be said about jack gleeson ( or the guy that played ramsay ) in got . 
  they portrayed one of the shittiest people in got and they were very annoying to watch , but because they were so good at it . 
  they portrayed the evil so well that i hated the characters , but i really like the actors . 
  and that 's what i meant . 
  of course there is no excuse for having a bad character as in badly written , but that 's a whole other subject . 
  i think that 's up to him to tell . 
  now i feel like a heartless bastard . 
  tali was my romantic interest in one of the gameplays , but i could n't get past the attitude that the quarians have for the geth , so i allowed legion to upgrade all geth and since the quarians did n't want to back off they died . 
  so did tali . 
  so i romanced liara from then on . 
  i mean it was a shocking turn of events , but the quarinas being so stubborn was something that made me resent them . 
  why should the geth have to be destroyed if these idiots wo n't back off ? 
  i mean , the result made me sad , but i just could n't let the geth die . 
  i 've been listening to a lot of tool lately , since i 'm going to probably try to record a cover of one of their songs . 
  which one is hard to choose . 
  not too obscure progressive music . 
  because you can always find such an obscure band that practically no one has heard of . 
  well i 'm in a sort of funny situation here . 
  getting over girls was n't too hard until now , but then again i 'm currently in my longest relationship - before that the longest one was 5 months . 
  but i 've always been dumped . 
  took me about a month to be completely over the last one and ready to date again . 
  but as for people who have died ... here comes the funny part . 
  i will never get over my dad , but i never knew him . 
  he died when i was too young to remember him , so i 'll never be over someone i never knew . 
  as for others that have died ... if they meant a lot to me , i will never be over . 
  you get used to live with it , but i do n't want to be over them in the sense that my memory of them will always be bittersweet . 
  i mean - i am over in the sense that i can function 90 % of the time . 
  that i sing well . 
  then i recorded it once and listened to it . 
  for me cds are still very relevant , so i 'm pretty much playing a bunch of them a lot . 
  and i 'm also ... wait for it ... buying them . 
  no but seriously , they have n't lost their mojo for me . 
  the booklet , the box , putting it into a radio and just enjoying the music , without multi tasking . 
  because once i 'm on a computer , i immediately start multi tasking . 
  also coffee . 
  i think being on fire would be worse . 
  because of the extreme pain you would feel . 
  or bludgeoned to death or something physical like that . 
  i mean dying sucks any way and drowning definitely hurts , since your body is trying to fight it . 
  to be fair , i do n't want to experience any of that . 
  but i feel like the sudden extreme pain would be worse to the drowning alternative . 
  no death is pleasant anyway . 
  nah thanks , i feel pretty warm right now . 
  til i 'm only immortal when i am on reddit . 
  well the younger generations are not used to stand so long in the sun .
