  i think dad would be weirder than mom . 
  while mom 's jumping tits are bad enough , i think dad 's dick flopping around would be worse . 
  what do you find so terrifying about them ? 
  programmer/musician/gamer who loves to read books and watch `` weird '' movies . 
  if i would n't be programming i would study languages or sound/music . 
  my sex drive would be quite high and i would indulge in more of my fetishes . 
  well now you have opened that can of worms about ... worms ^ dammit . 
  save the world while no one believes you . 
  save the world while no one likes you . 
  save the game that no one likes ( well the last 10 minutes of it ) . 
  oh right also that . . 
  i do n't play online much so i did n't make the connection . 
  nice pun , is your last name perhaps wormtongue ? 
  toothbrushes with inbuilt razor blades , that pop out after 30 seconds of use , because that 's when you usually stop scrubbing the top of the tooth and move to the side . 
  or anthrax . 
  could be . 
  yes it is . 
  haha , well i could n't say that the whole third game sucked . 
  the game play was very good and it did pose a challenge on insanity mode . 
  even the story was n't that bad , although i grew to hate the quarians because of what they did on my first play through . 
  yeah , happens a lot on reddit . 
  but i do n't mind , it 's just internet points . 
  that i do agree with . 
  but i 'm getting used to dig past that when it repeats itself for the n-th time . 
  neurotech - but go through the whole discography as their ( his ) style has changed through time . 
  my personal favourite is the blue screen planet ep . 
  is n't it a mortal sin to commit suicide and since you die before you can repent , you go to hell ? 
  i read that you ate a poisoned tornado . 
  never have i been so confused in my life . 
  but worms have several hearts and if you cut them apart then you get more worms but less matter can travel through and not such a great distance . 
  keep that in mind if you 're travelling light and locally . 
  on top should n't be a problem . 
  dui stands for driving under the influence . 
  so be careful not to do that . 
  well you have to approach them slowly . 
  i would suggest you look at the documentary titled rain man . 
  it shows how to approach such a person and should give you a frame of reference on how to approach the guitar . 
  once it trusts you slowly start plucking the strings with your fingers and only after a while can you start fingering the guitar . 
  put them one on top of the other and wait for the results . 
  double wings - flies faster . 
  you should cut the other one off too , that way you get 100 % tolerance to getting your hand cut off . 
  i would like to extend this to self-entitled humans in general . 
  indeed it is , but if you watch and listen to him singing very closely you can see that the director meant for decapio 's character to be autistic and that is what inspired the creators of the rain man documentary to really research the subject and record the movie . 
  the song appears in the film but it 's heavily mixed - not really easy to recognize . 
  [ do n't worry about it , i usually do that because reddit adds a plus one automatically and i do n't want to +1 my own comment , so it 's not a -1 just not the original +1 from myself . ], 
  yes the soldier of fortune , who turned musician because he was going crazy . 
  you can tell by his style of music that he was n't all there . 
  wow , but how can one even mix the two ? 
  well that would work well for an open marriage . 
  my end blown . 
  mind blown . 
  holes on two sides now . 
  well if i had no pocketses then - my keys , my cellphone , a book , a secret enchanted ring that makes you invisible , fish so juicy sweet , a bit of water , wallet , headphones and my precious taters . 
  never yet . 
  but i do n't mind . 
  i do n't really get all the hype . 
  now cleganebowl - that 's my kind of hype . 
  oh and been redditor for 5 months . 
  you 've got to get up , we 've got to go home ... 
  the road , right near the end - when [ the father dies ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i can only make a verse as it is a short comment . 
  be a hero ,, 
  do not divide by zero !, 
  my mom , she is alive . 
  but revelations has a very happy ending , it 's all the bits before the ending that are fucked up . 
  basically what pavlov was doing to dogs , just that you replace the bell with netflix . 
  one of the rare games that really scared me so much that i stopped playing for a few minutes . 
  it was the tunnel under agropom with the controller . 
  but all in all it 's a great game . 
  gets a lot easier once you get an ak 47 type of weapon . 
  and so much potential to do fucked up shit . 
  if you have n't yet , i would recommend that you read joseph conrad 's heart of darkness and/or watch apocalypse now . 
  because the inspiration for the game and movie came from the book and it 's an interesting read . 
  i always found the voice acting bad in oblivion , the combat and the quests were awesome and i like how you can have two handed combat and spells separate . 
  something that is n't possible in skyrim . 
  and after that doom 3 as it has more horror elements and less action . 
  the game scared me a lot sometimes . 
  i found human evolution a good one too . 
  there is n't an appropriate reaction . 
  do what you think feels best , it 's all subjective anyway . 
  you do n't have to cry if you do n't want to . 
  i usually keep my composure in front of others and it 's not that i 'm afraid to show weakness , it 's just that i have gotten used to dealing with my feelings on my own . 
  and solitude really helps me . 
  so i usually isolate myself from people and deal with it . 
  and it does n't really get me immediately . 
  when i heard that my grandpa died it seemed as if i was n't even sorry . 
  but after the funeral that night i was crying for at least about an hour as we were very close . 
  i also try to write or play music when something like that happens . 
  helps me a lot . 
  as long as you do n't do something too destructive , i think it 's normal . 
  and not that destructive behaviour is n't normal in this aspect , but it 's dangerous to yourself and others and that is when looking out for someone is really necessary . 
  i am sorry for your loss . 
  a lot of shame . 
  at least they ca n't read my mind so it 's not a total loss . 
  infinite pizza and i get to share it with everyone !, 
  at the moment :, 
  devin townsend project - before we die, 
  this album always makes me laugh , while i can enjoy some great tunes along with it . 
  just hopefully not 3d . 
  and a good one too .
