  damien rice - 9, 
  fear factory - obsolete, 
  devin townsend - ocean machine : biomech, 
  the dillinger escape plan : calculating infinity, 
  erich zann . 
  edit : he might have been just a human , or something more , given the story . 
  sometimes in music . 
  while i do like intense music , where a lot of stuff is happening at once , sometimes i really like something minimalistic like craig armstrong or phillip glass . 
  reminds me of a robin williams joke , where he is talking about a type of women ( i forgot who he meant ) , but he said that they mistake perfume for mace : `` whoop there goes my day . '', 
  the road . 
  if collections of stories count , then the necronomicon by h.p. 
  lovecraft . 
  reading pet sematary right now and i must say it 's very good . 
  i 'm at a third of the book for now . 
  that 's a matter of discussion . 
  i would probably include deadwing sooner than stupid dream , if it were n't for glass arm shattering . 
  that 's not me saying stupid dream is a bad album , just not a 10/10 for me . 
  i disagree . 
  katatonia - brave murder day, 
  gojira - either from mars to sirius or terra incognita, 
  in flames and massive attack , i agree with . 
  agalloch - pale folklore . 
  but that is just my opinion . 
  those that i skipped , i do n't know . 
  why good for nazipunk ? 
  morbid angel , decapitated , obscura - death metal, 
  anaal nathrakh - black metal/grindcore . 
  cynic , devin townsend , opeth , dililnger escape plan , ne obliviscaris - progressive metal . 
  fear factory - groove/nu metal , something like that . 
  porcupine tree - progressive rock . 
  the antlers - indie pop . 
  damien rice - folk/folk rock . 
  well altars of madness and abominations of desolation have a few songs that are the same only re-recorded , i prefer the versions of the latter . 
  now formulas fatal to the flesh is a strong one too , but if i line them up it 's like this :, 
  - abominations of desolation, 
  - altars of madness, 
  - formulas fatal to the flesh, 
  what is dank , must always thank . 
  well satan used to be the lightbringer . 
  yes it is . 
  o is good too , but i find 9 better . 
  i have n't listened to the latest one yet . 
  i like constellation , it 's a very good album , but the first three are my favourites . 
  i do n't know , i guess i like them dirty . 
  i like this addition indeed . 
  not in my opinion . 
  the albums are very different and while the mantle is a great album , i prefer pale folklore . 
  i like their doomy , black metal mixed with clean . 
  while the mantle has a bit of that it 's not enough for me . 
  there are a few songs i really like ( hawthorne passage ) , i just find pale folklore or marrow of the spirit on my playlist more often than the mantle . 
  but if we extend this to their whole discography i would say that the white is the best one . 
  well to be fair , they do belong together . 
  they use similar scales , even though opeth go for more exotic ones sometimes ( beneath the mire , lotus eater ) . 
  they are both a mix of metal , jazz , blues and so on ... 
  they just do it differently . 
  opeth is atmospheric but dillinger pretty much smack you on the face and are more hardcore/metalcore oriented , but add something to that , so i would call them progressive . 
  i do n't mind demanufacture , but obsolete has the perfect mix of harsh to melodic songs for me . 
  demanufacture is a close second . 
  it 's hard with devin . 
  he works in so many genres and does so many different things . 
  i could make a case as to why i like almost every album of his the most . 
  and yeah deconstruction is a kick ass album . 
  for you sure , i do n't really listen to them a lot , so i ca n't say . 
  do n't expect something too similar to the mantle . 
  because that was the album where they took a very different approach . 
  that and the white ep . 
  i mean even ashes is a big difference to the mantle . 
  that 's under d for daffy english kanigit . 
  fair enough . 
  at that point i 'm inclined to just make a hole in my arteries and let it flush out . 
  why ? 
  one needs not be gay in order to be fabulous . 
  i can see why someone would lose respect . 
  the correct way to write that would be an underscore . 
  but i can see people supporting him , given what batista was doing before the revolution . 
  maybe castro screwed up later , but someone had to stop batista . 
  how does spinning in the other direction help cool the dish ? 
  is it the microwaves that hit the dish under the different angle or something ? 
  not all that similar , she did n't have that evil look to her . 
  i mean when you saw laurie , you knew she was up to something . 
  the new one did n't even seem to grasp what planet she was on . 
  i feel that way about anesthetize . 
  starts off easy/slow , then it just builds and builds , until it comes to the peak and the calm part that follows is like cuddling after sex , which is also awesome . 
  i think this is if you limit yourself to simulation and sports games . 
  fantasy , sci-fi , horror - i never want to do most of the things i do in games in my lifetime . 
  i do n't want war , i do n't want to wander around chernobyl killing bandits that go : `` cheeki breeki '' and monsters . 
  but it 's a great story and the horror atmosphere is perfect . 
  then you have worlds that are beautiful as in wow , tes etc. 
  games are like movies , but they are interactive . 
  going to concerts or shows is pretty much the same as having a lan party , concerts are basically listening to music with a bunch of random people . 
  sports are games . 
  interaction with others is not necessarily hindered while gaming . 
  i agree about travelling though . 
  i love to travel and experience new cultures . 
  but an equilibrium can be found between both activities . 
  then again if you do n't like gaming , just do n't do it . 
  if you do - go for it . 
  some people put them on their pizzas , i 'm not even kidding , what the fuck have we become ? 
  license and registration - chicken fucker !, 
  that 's just like ... your opinion man .
