  you ams dildos . 
  your own or your cats ? 
  but once you have all the time in the world , your glasses break . 
  well i did n't vote for you !, 
  but seriously , who voted ? 
  and given that there is a tad of the 21st century left , how is that possible ? 
  but it 's a kick ass movie and the cast is just terrific . 
  i love the way dennis hopper and christopher walken talk . 
  even though it has a sad conclusion it 's just so good . 
  why do you consider burn after reading darker than it appears to be ? 
  can you explain why , please ? 
  i agree , he makes some excellent movies . 
  while it 's very good , i do n't consider it better than the original . 
  i like the dynamics of the original . 
  and the chorus part has an awesome transition from acoustic to electric . 
  also in the end when the switch from electric to acoustic is made - i do n't know it adds a lot to the mood . 
  well brad pitt 's character is just stupid not really a psychopath . 
  i think the term depression is a bit strong . 
  yeah she is sad about the big change as moving so far is indeed a very big change for an adult , let alone a young child . 
  and yes everything starts to fall apart - in her head , but the time frame is not nearly long enough to make this a movie about depression . 
  quite the opposite . 
  i think , because joy wants to take over every time when something bad happens , then sadness starts to do damage when no one is looking - since they are too happy to notice at first . 
  then joy tries to stop sadness , but that only makes everything worse . 
  like lying to yourself that you are indeed happy and you do n't have to change . 
  only when sadness is allowed to take control for a while , then it gets better . 
  facing that allows her to make room for changes . 
  i think the movie is about how we should let ourselves be sad when we have to . 
  it 's hard for her , since she does n't want to disappoint her parents , so she tries to be strong and bottles it all up , does n't know how to deal with it . 
  we all had to learn that at some point . 
  i mean depression seems like something that is way worse . 
  i ca n't even imagine that . 
  it 's not being sad for a month or two . 
  but not being able to be happy . 
  which she definitely is in the end when she goes back to playing hockey . 
  well here i disagree again , since he had some good dramatic roles . 
  but once he got famous , he also had a lot of average ones . 
  but then again almost every actor does a certain amount of roles , just for the money . 
  between the bigger projects . 
  star potter : the fellowship of ice and fire, 
  i really liked the cast . 
  a lot of good actors together and the script was n't bad either . 
  there 's plenty of great music . 
  it was an archer reference . 
  and i think it still remains my most upvoted comment . 
  i liked you in bioshock infinite !, 
  well it was dark , but it also mostly ended with a lot of hope . 
  he always resolved the situation so that everyone was happy in the end . 
  well everyone that deserved to be happy . 
  the ending is also often used by opeth . 
  eternal rains will come ended pretty much the same . 
  why do people always assume that those of us that do n't like the new albums as much as the old ones want them to go back to what they were doing ? 
  this really bugs me . 
  it 's not the absence of growls and metal that bothers me . 
  but the `` progressive '' label they like to put on themselves . 
  you are n't progressive if you are rehashing a style that was popular in the 70 's . 
  and i liked most of heritage and pale communion . 
  it 's just not as creative as it was . 
  progressive has become a label that signifies a certain style , instead of it meaning that it 's something new . 
  you are n't progressive if you do what has been done , progression means you are doing something new . 
  do n't get me wrong opeth is still an amazing band and i find great songs on each album . 
  i feel dead end kings was n't all that good . 
  a few songs are great but the album as a whole was n't good in comparison with their previous efforts . 
  i felt like they had stuck to a certain direction and felt a bit stagnant . 
  but the latest was very good , a bit of good changes . 
  what if you just have a counter argument to their hype ? 
  i mean i want to contribute to the conversation , but i may not be excited about it . 
  i do n't say they are stupid , just point out why i am not excited about it . 
  this happens with movies and albums for example . 
  me too , thanks . 
  g\u00fathwin\u00eb , anduril , orcrist and glamdring are pretty iconic as well . 
  and that morgul blade that frodo gets cut with . 
  til i ca n't even prepare a fucking cup of tea . 
  well from my perspective , yes . 
  you have large armies fighting there and only a few swords are mentioned or shown separately . 
  that makes them iconic for me . 
  i do n't care what most people who have seen the films think . 
  i agree . 
  but opeth goes a bit out of the way to call themselves progressive and how they do n't like to repeat themselves . 
  how they are always trying to make something new , but it does n't seem much like that any more . 
  still they are a great band , but not progressive . 
  i hate the fact that progressive is a genre . 
  it should be the out of genre kind of music . 
  edit : but i do like the fact that opeth are n't constantly in the same genre as say arch enemy or similar artists . 
  it does n't have to be . 
  i do n't mind them being overjoyed . 
  but in a conversation people usually express their opinion . 
  and while i 'm happy for them being hyped , i am not and me expressing that should n't have to take their joy away . 
  sure if someone is just excited and not expecting an answer or does n't ask , i do n't normally do that . 
  but if they ask and i 'm not hyped , am i supposed to lie ? 
  edit : also people hyped over something tend to talk about it a lot and want input from others . 
  i wo n't act like i like something i do n't . 
  we can talk about it if you 're interested , but i wo n't necessarily say positive things about it . 
  well iconic in the sense of tolkien 's universe . 
  if i go by iconic in our society that takes a lot out of the universe , but that also does n't make a lot of sense to me . 
  talking about something out of it 's context can make it different . 
  but those swords are a few that are named in a world that holds well a lot of swords really . 
  that fact alone shows how iconic they are . 
  not to mention that tolkien puts a big emphasis on meaningful names . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong . 
  this is just my perspective .
