  but i still see that as a weakness of the show , that does n't mean that the show is bad . 
  every show has strengths and weaknesses , some more x than y and vice versa . 
  but if the stories and the acting drops , then i wo n't have a reason to like it any more . 
  but with crowley , cas , sam and dean i 'm not afraid of that for now . 
  i like mischa barton , because he can pull off dead serious and hilariously stupid . 
  now crowley , seen him in other shows , mostly does a great job . 
  so as long as they have or get good support actors/actresses , the show will run . 
  but it will never work with only sam and dean being the good actors , no matter how hot they are and that is because of their relationship arc being always the same . 
  also it is possible to sneeze while pissing , but i do n't recommend it . 
  maybe dany will get an even bigger basement . 
  that 's because people think they are depressed , when they are just really sad . 
  that 's not the same . 
  that sounds good , diverting attention to the side characters is also a good strategy to not let the series grow stale . 
  now i 'm very interested in how this season will play out . 
  they could have left her out of the show like they did bran . 
  [ there are other things going on showing that even boltons do not have everything under control in their camp that was very well described in the books . 
  i understand they ca n't show everything/everyone , but this was rather important to the plot , i think . 
  because ramsay being married to sansa = married to a true stark , has claim and lannisters delivered a stark girl as planned . 
  him marrying jeyne poole = married to a nobody , no claim , lannisters did not deliver and that could lead to some serious shit . 
  with the death of oberyn , lannisters lost dorne , if martin continues this arc lannisters might lose boltons , if kevan dies and cersei goes nuts , there are only three lannisters remaining and they are pretty much alone/dispersed . 
  westeros will be in fragments again and prepared for someone to unite them . 
  the boltons clearly ca n't do that as they ca n't even keep the peace in their camp ] ( / spoiler ), 
  if a girl does n't tell you why she dumped you , the reasons do n't matter . 
  because most problems can be fixed by communicating . 
  but if she does n't even care enough to tell you , she cares even less about fixing those problems and it 's not you who is the problem , but her not caring about you . 
  when are you going to get married ? 
  when are you two going to have children ? 
  why do you always look angry ? 
  for an 8 string . 
  first , third and fourth blew me away . 
  the rest i could n't care less about watching . 
  the only part they could discard was the jumping on the beds thing . 
  the wedding was awesome and the you bow to no one was the best thing ever . 
  the grey havens were also very well done and sam continuing the story too . 
  but why the rivendell scene . . just felt stupid to me . 
  that actually helped me . 
  did it once , never again . 
  lucky you , if my mom had me on facebook she would constantly bitch about my posts . 
  being that she is a very religious woman and i am not . 
  my guitars . 
  i would spend a lot more on a shrink . 
  was going to mention this one as it was on tv a few days ago . 
  oh my god that cgi was terrible . 
  would n't shit be worse , hence the phrase : when shit hits the fan ? 
  i 'm not mad , would be pretty silly to get upset over a tv show . 
  sorry if it came off that way , not my intention , english is n't my first language and sometimes my posts convey messages in a different emotion that it was meant . 
  well yeah i can see your point but i disagree about feeling not being able to be sorry for her as she was young and naive . 
  i was n't a lot brighter at her age ( in the books that is ) . 
  so oblivion and skyrim too as they mostly took music from morrowind . 
  thps 2 was better imo . 
  the neverhood - i ca n't ever be serious when i 'm listening to it . 
  why are they so sad ? 
  i 'm probably not getting there , given my karma and i do n't intend on trying too hard as reddit is fun/debate to me , nothing more . 
  why would you need an excuse to masturbate ? 
  i mean if it does n't interfere with your life , where is the problem ? 
  well to be fair , he also created a lot of life . 
  so basically like comparing the size of your car with your neighbour ? 
  indeed , good point . 
  my comment was meant as more of a tongue in cheek . 
  and i also find it a bit ironic that a person who killed so many , was directly responsible for so much new life . 
  i 'm in no way condoning what he did and how he created that life . 
  just if you look at the numbers it 's ironic . 
  edgar allen poe and h.p. 
  lovecraft . 
  but i think we would n't really belong in a pub . 
  would have to be a private room . 
  hey man i felt in the twilight zone since i read the title . 
  all joking aside i do think that sexting is cheating . 
  even anonymously . 
  porn is n't as it 's an industry , you get a product - the movie . 
  it 's not real . 
  sexting deals with real people . 
  webcams are a grey area - if someone put it on the web with the consent of the one filmed or it was created to be put on the web ( like amateur stuff ) , i do n't see it as cheating . 
  if you would do that over skype with someone - that is cheating . 
  it 's exclusive to you ( or a handful of people - conference ) and you interact with the person on a more intimate level , than watching a video from a porn site , even if it 's an amateur . 
  ha :d, 
  which book are you at ? 
  i read the books concurrently till the third season . 
  now i am almost done reading the fifth one and i felt the same way as you did about sansa until book four . 
  i 'm not spoiling this for you , but i felt that she changed . 
  i 'm not necessarily on the side of the starks . 
  i mean , they are not really all that good if you consider the whole series . 
  i mean as you mentioned sansa screwed things up with the direwolf so she could be with joffrey . 
  now bran and rickon are pretty much innocent . 
  the rest of the starks are not . 
  with robb and cate being the worst of the starks in my opinion , followed by ned - his pride doomed them . 
  i would continue this , but i do n't know where in the books you are and i do n't want to spoil them for you . 
  why do we even have that lever ? 
  he was funny too . 
  yeah i know , make one mistake and the internet people gather around you with pitchforks . 
  but some replies are jokes , which is only expected , why not have a bit of fun . 
  were you sexting with someone ? 
  living proof that dinosaurs exist . 
  nudity . 
  but you would n't would you ? 
  shit , i wrote the same thing . . well i completely agree with what you wrote . 
  common courtesies in each country , given their cultural differences . 
  because a very small thing can improve someone 's day to a magnitude we ca n't even imagine . 
  as in some cultures consider it rude if you strike a conversation with a stranger , others find the opposite very rude . 
  this would range from being courteous in a formal or personal setting .
