  the wire - i pick beatrice russell . 
  that would make for an interesting life . 
  you were too slow , dicknuts . 
  knock , knock, 
  who 's there ? 
  i 'm the one who knocks !, 
  in flames - soundtrack to your escape . 
  bought the t-shirt too . 
  now i have all their discography . 
  it 's a silly statement , but how is it an insult ? 
  self vs. self is the one you 're probably thinking of ? 
  and yeah , that was an awesome collaboration . 
  same album also has steven wilson/pendulum collaboration with the song the fountain , also worth a listen . 
  dog . 
  roses are red . 
  roses are blue . 
  when does it sound like a good idea ? 
  also female masturbation . 
  even though it 's perfectly healthy and natural . 
  edit : did n't read to the end of the thread , i see it 's already written . 
  i get that , but why are references to those words not taboo ? 
  i mean you can refer to any swear word if you do it well enough as to not say it or be too obvious . 
  but in the end we all know what you meant and we all think about that word any way . 
  a female dryad . 
  i always sing in my car when i 'm alone . 
  sometimes i deliberately make funny/weird noises . 
  i do n't do it so much that it distracts me from driving . 
  but when i 'm bored , i do it a lot . 
  sometimes to stuff like a-ha , sometimes to stuff like suffocation . 
  so i can imagine if someone was to see and hear me , they would pretty much question my sanity . 
  edit : i do n't do it with someone else in the car of course . 
  that 's when you 're forced to do something . 
  it still does n't sound like a good idea if you think about it . 
  but it 's something that has to be done as atrocities like that should not be permitted . 
  i consider war a necessary evil - even if the cause is noble . 
  it 's the last thing i would want as someone in power . 
  only go to war if it 's absolutely necessary . 
  we all know it 's horrible , but with extremes such as you mentioned there really is n't an alternative solution that would be better . 
  i have those in my head at random times . 
  and then i get mad when i get all radical and wo n't listen to myself . 
  [ some serious shit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/july_20 ), 
  close my eyes and give in to the shame . 
  makes it go away faster . 
  if yu be\u0141ive muvi sterrrrreotayps most s\u0141avic pip\u0142 ta\u0141k dis wey . 
  but i can mostly control my accent , unless it 's a word i have never seen before , then i might butcher it . 
  not tough at all , feel like i 'm struggling with everyday life . 
  * rooster sounds *, 
  googled a character from the wire to answer another question on askreddit before . 
  now i have a million beatrice russells . 
  let the orgy begin !, 
  if you go by wado-ryu karate , then white . 
  people not using their turn signals . 
  i mean , i 'm far from the perfect driver and sometimes i am distracted too . 
  but some people think their phone is more important than using turn signals . 
  and the worst thing about it is , that they put other people in danger too . 
  feeling of safety . 
  guitar picks . 
  the ones i get at concerts , i collect . 
  the ones i 've used to the point of not being usable any more , i also save a bit for reference as i try to experiment with different ones and the good ones get saved , just so i know which are good . 
  i also lose them - you know once it falls to the floor it 's in another dimension so i have to go get a new one . 
  that and positive stories just do n't sell . 
  what about just open people ? 
  i mean i do n't start with a story like that obviously , but if someone asks , i do n't mind answering with a serious story like that , even if it 's the first time i met them . 
  so no garlic bread either ? 
  pick their nose and then reach into the pickle jar . 
  bonus for coloured fingernails . 
  what are gop talking points ? 
  made an archer reference . 
  my first and only gold . 
  all i wrote was : `` mawp mawp mawp mawp '' . 
  right place at the right time i guess . 
  no way . 
  i mean i like my classical guitar and can play some things on it . 
  but with the electric one , i can do more things that i prefer to play . 
  i mean , without electricity i do n't get distortion , which is one of the main things in metal/rock . 
  not to mention the effects like wah-wah , chorus , delay and so on . 
  i like to play both , but i would miss the electric one after two weeks . 
  also no job for me , since i work with computers . 
  they see me mowin ' my front lawn ... 
  interesting . 
  i can understand how this can get annoying . 
  but i think that in a conversation , where both parties talk and listen to each other , i have no issues with listening to someone talking about something serious as well as myself talking about it as well . 
  i do n't dwell on it , just explain my view if asked . 
  but i can see how people that would just start speaking about something like that just off the bat might be annoying or difficult to listen to . 
  ah , thanks . 
  you would n't like my family then . 
  whenever we have a gathering it 's just what you wrote - religion and gop talking points . 
  we do n't watch fox news , but whatever is on our news channels is going to be talked about . 
  some day i 'm going to bring tin foil hats and just start putting them on people that talk shit . 
  how do you see them ? 
  i think they are synonyms . 
  that might be why i do n't get it . 
  that i 'm happy and a cheery person , because i like to make jokes a lot and debate . 
  my girlfriend is the only one who can pick me up on this lie . 
  luckily she never mentions that in front of others . 
  i 'm not depressed , but i do have my own issues as any person does . 
  my girlfriend really likes jane austen type movies . 
  i do n't like to watch those era type movies with too much romance . 
  i do n't like the style of the era and the emphasis on relationships .
