  it was actually really sweet of him . 
  there are no final bosses , it 's a sandbox game . 
  just that every now and then someone comes into your sandbox and wrecks all your shit . 
  i can relate . 
  what happened ? 
  unless it 's constructive criticism . 
  i perceived it as a competition of who will spend the most time with himself . 
  so that award goes to the one living the longest . 
  if the categories are divided by each person then yeah , everyone is first . 
  how he says thank you and goes away with the cloud so fast ... always makes me laugh uncontrollably . 
  yeah , he played very well . 
  but then again so did joaquin phoenix as an antithesis to his character . 
  left or right , republic vs. the empire , communist vs. capitalist , republican vs. liberals . 
  especially if it happens during the hug . 
  guns n ' roses . 
  i ca n't really explain it , i do n't mind axl and his asshole antics - because i can separate that from the music and still like the music and dislike the guy , but since i first heard them , i could n't stand them . 
  not my kind of music . 
  something in the sense of this ? 
  death solves all problems . 
  no man , no problem . 
  - joseph stalin -, 
  but do you poop food ? 
  is telly like television only smaller ? 
  from the boner or initially ? 
  i 've seen him twice too and besides changing a lot of his playlist so we could enjoy more of his music , he always played very well . 
  ne obliviscaris on metaldays , once the sound engineers fixed the technical problems . 
  but it was totally worth it . 
  also opeth . 
  broken hands , mothers and certain boxes . 
  they always appear in every thread . 
  well i had to confirm my own rule , ca n't fall short in this thread now can i ? 
  what was wrong ? 
  ha , depends on which 6 songs opeth played . 
  but interesting that they did n't , last year at metaldays they were just awesome , 
  this reminds me of a joke robin williams told about jack nicholson . 
  how he would n't have any affairs if he was a president since he fucked everyone . 
  and one of the statements he makes is : `` i had sex with angelina jolie and then she adopted me '', 
  well i think she still is a child star gone right . 
  no one chooses mental illness . 
  i mean it 's not like she brought it on herself . 
  she is just having problems and reacting the way anyone that is used to sharing a lot on social networks would have . 
  i just hope that someone is really helping her and that she will bounce back . 
  yeah , that can happen fast . 
  you want to party and your plans may be to take it easy , but once you are a bit drunk and your inhibition is lowered the party can quickly get out of proportion . 
  and do this a few times and suddenly you have problems with alcohol . 
  it 's integral to mind his age here . 
  i mean , who has n't gotten too drunk a few times - that 's how you find your limit . 
  every teenager is good at making their parents angry if he/she really wants to . 
  so some over the top responses are not even that unusual . 
  did he get real angry and crazy , or did he just not want to be sprayed with water and confronted him ? 
  who cares if it 's just water , i would n't want someone to spray me with water with all that make up and some very fancy clothes on . 
  would you be ok with a random stranger spraying you with water on your way to work ? 
  maybe you missed me :p, 
  the hearing of a bat . 
  what do you consider basics with cars and technology ? 
  but i have no boobs = /, 
  buying another guitar - 8 strings this time . 
  i play both genders so the choice is really random most of the time . 
  do n't worry about your english , i understood what you meant . 
  i do agree with you . 
  why should you be ashamed of this ? 
  reminded me of the secretary , but 50 shades is way worse . 
  the new films of older action movie stars . 
  like the newest die hard . 
  i got so bored that i began to do other stuff and got so distracted that i did n't even follow the movie until the end . 
  it 's an older album , but since i saw devin play a few songs off this one live , i have been listening to it . 
  ocean machine : biomech . 
  recommended songs : bastard , funeral . 
  i would try to kill a person if they were trying to kill me or a relative/someone that means a lot to me . 
  but since i am not strong and not really confrontational , i 'm not sure how . . would be a spur of the moment thing . 
  if i had no weapons , i would probably only try . . they would kill me . 
  if i had a weapon then smash/slash/shoot with it until they are dead . 
  i would probably only distract them until the other person would be able to get away or just die if i was alone and they would try to kill me . 
  me neither , but my personal history made me cry like a baby while watching the road . 
  some things just hit too close to home . 
  edit : was even worse when i was reading it . 
  mythology in relation to the occult , medical procedures , human subconsciousness and what happens to it in extreme situations - like sleep paralysis , nightmares - also good dreams , close to and in death - how the human mind tries to comprehend it . 
  but i only read about it , i would n't conduct any experiments of any kind . 
  except maybe contemplating dreams , because that 's really a victimless activity . 
  but do you have your dank memes ? 
  do take shits , you do n't want to be too bloated . 
  i would get if it would be as a baby , but as a fetus ? 
  someone got their dna really altered to know how to do that without alerting anyone . 
  them aliens just wo n't stop fucking with us . 
  i agree with you . 
  but the story is practically the same . 
  big boss gets new innocent secretary . 
  they engage willingly or unwillingly ( a bit of divergence here ) in some kinky practices . 
  have n't seen the end of 50 shades so i ca n't comment on that as i could n't really finish the movie . 
  movie : the matrix, 
  video game : s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  : shadow of chernobyl . 
  hahahahaha ... * begins crying * . . 
  i understand that joke all to well . 
  haha reminds of a pretty much a similar joke . 
  where three women are talking to each other about their husbands . 
  and the first one says , that she decided to stop cooking and bought her husband a cooking book . 
  and that the first week she could see him looking at it , the second week she could see him trying something , the third week he was cooking very well . 
  then the second wife decided to stop doing the dishes . 
  and the first week she saw her husband playing with the sponge , the second week she saw that he did the dishes but there was still some dirt on it , the third week she saw the dishes done and it was spotless .
