  well there are two types of bonus levels . 
  one is timon and pumba catching bugs as you said , the other is just timon and you control him also eating bugs and avoiding the black ones . 
  it 's not random , there are bugs to collect in order to get them . 
  one type of bug is red/yellowish . 
  the other is like a blue square with some curved lines on them and little legs sticking out . 
  is there a down-side for ~ ~ having free days ~ ~ being suspended ? 
  phrasing it like that you might sue yourself too . 
  yeah that 's very similar to stalin 's way of controlling people . 
  step 1 : have a secret police . 
  step 2 : be so paranoid you have another secret police , to monitor the secret police . 
  step 3 : have one kill another every now and then changing the people . 
  step 4 : ??? 
  step 5 : recursion is a hell of a thing . 
  no profit for soviet union . 
  `` too short of an attention span ? '', 
  i ca n't say anything about others , but i was very hyped and it did n't disappoint . 
  build me a time and place machine and you 're good to go . 
  all right !, 
  thanks . 
  if you will have chat enabled i could be of help if you get stuck . 
  so technically if you had a big assignment for a grade and you get suspended i do n't know a day before it 's graded you get an f ? 
  stay long enough with someone and you fight for the silliest of reasons . 
  not even intentionally sometimes . 
  maybe just both of you have had a rough day and something happens that is the last proverbial straw and bam , you 're in a fight . 
  but once you cool down and think about it you feel like a moron . 
  it does n't happen often but it does sometimes . 
  also if someone is being passive-agressive , it 's fun to provoke them a bit , not in a rough way or something , but get them pissed just enough to finally tell you what bothers them . 
  of course that depends on the occasion . 
  if a person is already fuming , that might be a bad idea . 
  you have to know someone to do that , do n't just do it to a random person . 
  yeah but if you spend your whole life regretting , then you are making the same mistakes all the time . 
  cheating on your gf is not a small thing and should teach someone more than just do n't sleep with other girls if you are in a relationship . 
  it 's about loyalty , decency and respect . 
  but still you had to have been friends for quite some time ? 
  maybe i misread the situation , but i still think that if you have a relationship with someone - friendly or romantic , sooner or later you will argue or even fight about something really silly . 
  if both parties realise this , it only makes the relationship stronger . 
  damn . 
  that 's a pretty big downside . 
  because not being in school for a couple of days is n't too bad . 
  even if the hours you are missing count as if you are missing with no good reason ( i do n't know the expression for this , but if you have enough of those hours you can get punished and even expelled ) . 
  but this can really fuck you up , maybe prevents you from passing a class . 
  what is the duration of suspensions ? 
  can they suspend you for i do n't know a month ? 
  thanks for being patient and explaining this . 
  we do n't have that kind of punishments here - unless someone would do something really really bad , like so bad , that they would n't know what to do with them . 
  spoilers about the ending !, 
  [ after anderson dies - that 's when the shit starts . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i 'd say wc3 is still good . 
  even though 1 and 2 are way better and as you mentioned starcraft 1 + brood war too . 
  but then again i read the novels too , so i might be confused about which information i got from the games and which i got from the novels . 
  but diablo ... 1 and 2 are great , 3 is just . . huh ? 
  i mean the gameplay is very good , but the story is just meh . 
  real characters . . that depends on whom . 
  i still find a few good ones in wc3 and wow . 
  but there are a lot that are n't too real , that i agree with . 
  what do you mean by gritty writing ? 
  could you please give an example ? 
  also did you play legion ? 
  i find a few good things have returned , but not enough yet - story wise that is . 
  gameplay is satisfying and the environment and music are very good . 
  i wo n't try to change your mind . 
  but my opinion is that comparing to d3 's story , they are a lot better , that 's all i meant . 
  well to be fair in sc2 they kind of had to pick sides , because the events were getting bigger and bigger . 
  we were fighting primeval evil . 
  it would n't be realistic if they were still squabbling with each other , but yeah every expansion had someone big to fight against that is true . 
  the same way was taken by wow with legion . 
  there is the big bad and basically we have to unite or die . 
  but legion introduced a subplot with [ sylvanas and greymane ] ( / spoiler ) , which might be interesting , given that sylvanas is the new [ warchief ] ( / spoiler ) and what happened on the alliance side , we might have two high profile figures fighting it out . 
  i went for just enough ilvl to go with the story - i 'm not the raiding type . 
  but i love the scenery , music and the quests are way more fun than they were in wod . 
  war 3 was also set in this way - medivh warned everyone to unite and fight the common foe . 
  but out of that arthas became the lich king , which was to me a very good plot . 
  i do agree , the multi-dimensional effect is gone . 
  it 's become the big bad vs. a group of good characters . 
  that was sc2 's problem , but i think they just wanted to complete the story by lotv . 
  i hope they wo n't try to continue or something . 
  ha , good one . 
  we went to see a showing of faust yesterday and if it were my gf 's idea for a first date , i would be thrilled . 
  the play is a downer , but it 's brilliant . 
  it 's great that things worked out between you two . 
  part of it . 
  but they also got boring . 
  at least to me . 
  curb and the state are ok . silver side up is n't too bad , but not that good anymore . 
  then it just goes downhill with every record . 
  but then again , i like intense music . 
  but platinum albums are n't a good show of good music . 
  sometimes yes , but if you sell that does n't necessarily mean that you are good . 
  i mean come on reality shows sell . 
  to be fair you could have put all fallout music here . 
  maybe not the atmosphere songs from 1 and 2 . 
  those go from calm to creepy . 
  well not all songs , but they definitely made some great material . 
  not anymore . 
  i feel like they went from something a bit different to something that just does n't move me . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
  i still like parachutes very much . 
  disco volante is so good . 
  first three on your list or the ones that were actually first ?
