  is n't the second one by quiet riot ? 
  i may be wrong . 
  when she plays a game i already finished and she asks me how to complete a puzzle , i say i do n't know at first . 
  she is smart enough to figure it out . 
  maybe i drop a hint if she really struggles with it . 
  or when i go to the store to get stuff for us and bring something especially for her , she would ask how much it cost and i say i do n't know or something to that effect . 
  she knows i know , but it 's nice to make her happy and i do n't want to make her feel obligated to return anything back to me . 
  least of all money - unless it would be a really big sum and not a gift or something essential . 
  which thread should this go in ? 
  i do n't have that much time for guitar lately as i have to work . 
  but give me 100,000 dollars and no responsibilities and that 's exactly what i would do . 
  no , but if i would suddenly turn 50 , single , with no responsibilities and an extra 100,000 , that 's what would happen . 
  no one specifically said , i have to be 50 to answer this . 
  yeah , i did play the games as a kid too . 
  and also watched the movie , so i guess i will discover new things when reading the book - which is always pleasant . 
  better than the other way around . 
  because with lotr i read the books first and was kind of disappointed in the movies - do n't get me wrong it 's still watchable and has a lot of strong points but some scenes just made me cringe . 
  power consumption would rise significantly . 
  gold . 
  reminds me of george carlin , who said that more than happy sounds to him like a mental disease . 
  is that where [ his dad dies ] ( / spoiler ) ? 
  that hit me hard too . 
  serpent of light !, 
  awesome song . 
  no pie for youuuu . 
  return the slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaab , or sufffffffer my cuuuuuuuuuuuuurse . 
  and of course my favorite :, 
  nauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuughty , with love fred . 
  edit : dr. zalost has the best background music . 
  ah yes , that one too . 
  i forgot the titles . 
  not enough information . 
  what does he like ? 
  what does he do when he gets home - like hobbies or something that might be his passion ? 
  is there something you could do together ? 
  maybe go to an event he would like ? 
  so many variables , it 's hard to decide . 
  edit : i do n't have a husband , but i do sometimes have problems with what to buy my girlfriend . 
  a tie between all three matrix movies and equilibrium . 
  i will be 26 in two months . 
  yes , meant as laughing out loud . 
  could you elaborate on that fact ? 
  i never heard of this , so i am interested in why it is so . 
  run to the neighbours house and visit my grandpa , who would still be alive . 
  the live aid version - besides the longer solos , that saxophone that starts after the break , really adds a lot to the song . 
  well that depends actually . 
  would different kind of spiders work together ? 
  because if spiders have an interracial war with each other , we have nothing to fear . 
  now if all spiders would join together and attack humanity - we 're doomed . 
  just burn the whole planet . 
  i do n't mind the original , but in these `` expanded '' versions of their songs , you can really see how mark loves to change things up a bit . 
  as a guitar player i also want to change a song , after i have played it for a while , just so you do n't get limited too much and mark did that in a very good way . 
  edit : free floating comma . 
  i find braveheart too romantic . 
  i mean it is n't a bad movie to say the least . 
  but the ending and where he yells freedom is just too sappy for me . 
  william wallace died at the battle of falkirk if i recall correctly and that would be better in the movie in my opinion . 
  but the music is awesome and the acting too . 
  i found shia labeouf the only bad thing in the movie and not the actor , but his character - so annoying all the time . 
  they do turn him around very well , when constantine needs him , so it was n't that bad . 
  i also enjoy the mechanics of the movie and the music was very well written . 
  i agree on the whole god-lucifer relationship . 
  they made a wager and lucifer is n't one to spoil his winnings , due to his son 's ambition . 
  i would also add that dressing lucifer in white was a great move as white is a symbol of innocence and in this case it was gabriel who was at fault . 
  if you have the patience for it , it certainly pays off . 
  i found that out the same way , learning deliverance by opeth . 
  also a deep end way of starting . 
  true , but spiders are small and their strength would be in numbers . 
  if only one subspecies survives , that is significantly less spiders than if all of them joined together and attacked us . 
  if every spider on earth would go for the uprising , i think every human on earth could wake up in a web one morning . 
  if you like warcraft there is a whole series of books . 
  ignorance . 
  that 's gold jerry , gold . 
  just offer him the part and he will take it , there is no need for fear of rejection with nicholas cage . 
  yes , probably . 
  then again , we are supposedly intelligent too and look at what we do . 
  intelligence does not unfortunately rule out intolerance . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i do n't see how this is sexist . 
  but you know , some people often see something that is n't there . 
  it 's usually easy to find what a person is really looking for , especially in comments , because they can be interpreted in a number of ways . 
  where did you post this by the way ? 
  i could understand a certain sub to downvote you to hell , because of their interpretation of your comment - not saying that they were right . 
  anathema - sunlight, 
  and, 
  opeth - harlequin forest, 
  ca n't choose only one in this case . 
  be triplets and have an inbreed train , jaime in the back with his smooth voice , cersei at the front shouting like a banshee . 
  well the next day , a student should have brought a knife to school and say he/she is brutus reborn . 
  not really your fault . 
  i never understand how some people can take things that far out of context . 
  well the tl ; dr does n't really do this situation justice . 
  it was n't nirvana 's fault , she just associated those bad memories with nirvana and going through an abortion on her own . . could not have been easy . 
  i 'm not saying it 's your fault , you could n't have known about this . 
  but it 's not such a crazy reaction . 
  too bad you did n't get to play baldur 's gate . 
  opeth - harlequin forest . 
  gojira - flying whales . 
  we are here to kick ass and chew bubble gum and we are all out of gum . 
  what about it bothers you ?
