  we 've had a case like that in my family - no other signs , one day just committed suicide . 
  no one knows why . 
  because it 's a sitcom and not everything has to make sense , since the main point of it is situational comedy and not realism ? 
  nothing , i just enjoy debating and hearing/reading other people 's point 's of view . 
  slovenia : pigs ( three different ones ) , pink floyd . 
  that my rats are secured in their cage , before i go to work/out . 
  would n't want them chewing on a cable and killing themselves . 
  would you say it 's pretty and are you a white guy ? 
  itt : people with crap digestion . 
  add guitar playing and reading and that 's mine . 
  that was an interestingly disturbing movie . 
  no other punishment ? 
  that 's cool . 
  you make it through the awkward principal lecture and that 's it . 
  the canyon observer . 
  all right , who threw that ? 
  tax evasion . 
  my own indulgence . 
  the rest are just requirements for it . 
  what kind of music do you like to play ? 
  then that was the one i was thinking of . 
  them down votes beg to differ . 
  where do i find this fiddy tree ? 
  told her i have something special in store for us one night . 
  just sat on her face and did it . 
  she could n't say no ^ literally . 
  just because someone believes in something irrational , that does n't mean that they can not be rational . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  it is n't a binary choice . 
  and also how can a person be creative while also being strictly rational ? 
  if a rational system is all you know , you are simply rehashing or putting things together in a different order . 
  to be truly creative is to get an irrational idea and try to realise it within a rational system or develop a new one in which the idea will function . 
  i think it was einstein who said : `` science without religion is lame , religion without science is blind . '', 
  ian watkins comes to mind here . 
  and for it to be new it has to be irrational after that test . 
  perhaps present an argument for science without religion being fine and religion sucking regardless ? 
  or on you to present an argument for your statement . 
  you can not just pass the burden on me . 
  if we want a debate , we both must present an argument for our opinions . 
  warning : relationship may seem perfect until you get dumped out of nowhere - also fake self-esteem , could n't confront me . 
  penis enlargement has never been this easy !, 
  do you pity them openly ? 
  ( not in front of others but when alone ) or just feel sorry in thought ? 
  because for me that 's the worst thing one could do . 
  just makes me feel even worse . 
  i pretty much lie by omission . 
  my family does n't need to know everything that haunts me . 
  not gon na brag - brags . 
  i see what you did there . 
  not what i meant , that 's awesome . 
  wanting to help is the best thing you can do . 
  but with pity i meant , when people noticeably change their interactions with you just because of it . 
  some people get all careful in interactions , or perhaps someone being dramatic in their pity about it . 
  i mean if i have problems , i do n't need someone making a bigger fuss out of it . 
  feeling sorry for someone and wanting to help is a different thing and not a bad one . 
  and the way you wrote - getting them alone and ask about it is really the best course of action . 
  the opposable rule . 
  same reason why people talk during concerts , especially at a quiet part of a song . 
  if they wan na talk , they can go outside , it 's not that far . 
  or maybe they should just get punched in the throat . 
  shhh do n't tell him/her that cultures have existed for a few millenia , might be too much of a shock . 
  emoonem - moocking bird . 
  probably a small dog . 
  my whole mouth - mostly for the teeth . 
  if that 's cheating , then ears . 
  how would you arrange them on a person ? 
  pish posh , i 've had more than a hundred in my wanking career . 
  we have our cellphone , our keys and our wallet in our pocketsess . 
  a filthy little hobbit stole it from us !, 
  and i do n't even like fast food . 
  i 'd prefer to nibble on one of them big , juicy dwarves . 
  well yeah , that 's why they are all round and a bit thick . 
  you monster !, 
  they prefer barrels . 
  just be sure to pick the way of cooking them before the sun comes up . 
  the neverhood and warcraft ii : tides of darkness . 
  is the movie any good ? 
  i did like the show at the beginning , went downhill with each season for me . 
  but not too much , some episodes were still good , even in the last season . 
  so i guess , i 'll check out the movie . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !, 
  bring forth - the soft cushion !, 
  it 's the mother !, 
  first one i bought : in flames - soundtrack to your escape , bought the t-shirt too . 
  i do n't regret buying it and have all the in flames discography . 
  i started listening to metal with them and have developed my taste to envelop more genres of music and try to buy as much music as i possibly can . 
  but it gets expensive . 
  the funny thing is the first cd bought for me was : backstreet boys - millenium . 
  i was 11 and loved that cd so much . 
  the last one ( s ) i bought were pretty much the whole discography of agalloch , minus serpent and the sphere and some ep 's that are n't in stock any more ( the white for example ) . 
  well i have n't gotten that far , but for about five minutes , i had a very real intent of doing it . 
  and as i was in the process , i realised what i was doing - the gravity of the act i was about to perform . 
  and it hit me , that if my life is so crappy to me , that this is the only solution i see , i have to change it . 
  and have slowly been changing everything since then . 
  it 's been 8 years since then and i must say it keeps getting better and better . 
  i have also found a way to deal with something bad happening since then , so that was a big improvement . 
  the best part is , that no one close to me knows about it , but my girlfriend and she does n't judge me for it . 
  i was dead at the time !, 
  amiga commodore that you would rig up to the tv , not the computer one . 
  and insert blue disks in them .
