  before anything use turn signal , then slow down and turn . 
  now who would like a cookie ? 
  i do n't want to take solace in an idea that i do n't like . 
  i 'm not against others having this idea i.e. 
  i think it 's completely valid that you believe that . 
  but if i go by the rules of what you believe - sure , he would probably have to be excited about touching so many people with his music . 
  but it 's not really jumping on a hate bandwagon for this corporation . 
  if an individual suffers and the corporation that makes money off of him does n't even bother to help them ... that 's reason enough to hate them . 
  and if you are treated as an income , a number instead of a person - that 's capitalism gone wrong . 
  i disagree about tv screens . 
  there were more than 6 screens . 
  those were just the possible reactions . 
  the architect himself says , that it 's interesting to read him . 
  i mean what we see in there is a physical manifestation of a program any way . 
  but he does also say that this is the sixth time they would destroy zion and that neo is to choose a few candidates from people in the matrix to make a new one . 
  that is the function of the one . 
  but in this version the one is for the first time presented with the problem of choice . 
  that 's why he chooses how to react and that 's why he also chooses trinity even if that means risking the whole human race . 
  in the end ironically he has to give up trinity and himself . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ ^ clothes ^ ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ ^ black . 
  you are freaking out ... man . 
  it 's french for gim me some fuckin ' cola !, 
  that escalated so quickly . 
  i mean he went from meow to calling his parents chicken fuckers in less than 20 seconds . 
  they did n't know ? 
  that makes it funnier . 
  i wonder how they reacted . 
  it 's french for give me some fucking cola !, 
  for me it 's playing music . 
  the ecstasy i feel from playing the right song and maybe even singing along is almost comparable to an orgasm . 
  i can see myself as that co-worker if the office atmosphere would allow it . 
  at my current job that is unacceptable . 
  what is stopping you ? 
  if you can take the time , you can learn whatever you want . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  i 'm self taught on guitar and starting to learn piano . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm a virtuoso or anything , but i can play well enough to enjoy it and that 's what it 's about for me . 
  oh that 's not the problem for me . 
  it 's just that everyone would probably stare at me as if i 'm some kind of an alien . 
  just not the right company for that . 
  they do n't share my sense of humour . 
  i have a very good memory . 
  senses fail - free fall without a parachute . 
  i was whiny and had ( still have ) very crazy dreams . 
  spec ops : the lining - welcome to basic paper folding training . 
  fear factory - timelessness , steven wilson - routine , happy returns , ascendant here on . . 
  was a time of my life when a good friend has died ( who was younger than me ) and it just shocked me completely . 
  after a while i had to euthanize my rat after watching his health deteriorate to such a degree that he could n't even walk without stumbling . 
  while i know that a pet dying is n't nearly as bad as a human dying it was just a double chain of events that slowly led to death ( both of them had cancer and very similarly both started just losing weight , just a lot of parallels there ) . 
  i still do n't know how to deal with such a young person dying of cancer . 
  and she was completely optimistic right until the end . 
  my last words to her were that we are going to a vacation together when she gets better , at least i got to hug her for one last time . 
  a week after that she fell into a coma and a few days after that she died . 
  it is still just so unreal when i think about it . 
  and it 's been more than a year . 
  as with most reddit posts , i think you forgot to include reason in your title . 
  a broken pencil . 
  once you get the feel for it the second one is n't all that hard . 
  but the eighth and tenth were the hardest imo . 
  eighth is with all the lava and a bunch of hyenas an leopards . 
  very far to get the first power up . 
  was that the one ? 
  but as adult simba the seventh level was at night - with a bunch of leopards and monkeys - everything is in a shade of blue as in an evening . 
  then the lava level was kind of dark , but the last one was the darkest . 
  scar and everything in flames from thunder . 
  then when you kill him , rain starts falling . 
  in the 80 's there was a lot of fear mongering about satanists kidnapping little children . 
  not to mention where the phrase witch hunt came from and that was way way before the 9/11 terrorist attack . 
  unless you 're an engineer or a doctor . 
  then you can write however the fuck you want . 
  source : me , have n't written in cursive for about 15 years . 
  hit the lawyer and get a gym ? 
  night on bald mountain always gave me the creeps . 
  the song is awesome but the visuals together with it scared me . 
  now i enjoy it . 
  especially the transition from night to day and how it provides a lovely resolve . 
  the neverending story . 
  g'mork was so scary . 
  now it just makes me sad as i watch it . 
  when everything is just slowly decaying into nothing . 
  yeah me too , but that was n't scary . 
  g'mork really had me scared , because of what he looked like and he pretty much lurked in darkness all the time . 
  i was also afraid of dogs as a child - even more afraid of wolves even if just in movies . 
  how did you get lost by the 3rd one ? 
  yes that was also included , but the kid at least knew that he would face three tests . 
  specifying what g'mork is was harder , he was a bit of a metaphor , but as a kid i did n't get it . 
  made it much scarier that way . 
  interesting , i had the reverse feeling . 
  i 'm still discovering new things when i watch it and i like it . 
  yes , maybe that is it . 
  well written . 
  but at the moment i am at the point where i 'm still putting up a fight against the nothing . 
  maybe i might be one of the lucky few that win . 
  thank you . 
  i think you are putting up a good fight given that you still read and also write - building anew pretty much hits the spot . 
  maybe partially , but as a child more things have a bigger effect on you and as we get older i think less things affect us so much and we remember one or two from our childhood . 
  so not completely wrong . 
  while some things stay , many are forgotten . 
  out of sight , out of mind . 
  still shocks me to see someone i saw moving around a few days ago stiff and pale like they are sleeping , but i know they wo n't ever wake up again .
