  i mean doom was more of an action game , while doom 3 changed that to a more atmospheric horror game . 
  it was very linear , but then again so was the original doom . 
  but the triggers were always there - you push a button , a million monsters come out , you pick up a `` quest '' item - same thing etc. 
  i do n't know , i like it and play it at least once a year . 
  what did you not like about it ? 
  both of them . 
  a bridge too far . 
  with some fava beans and a nice chianti . 
  * noise i do not know how to type *, 
  interesting , i never was too much into astrology , thanks for clarifying . 
  i 'm kind of on the brink with this one . 
  i also try to return to the womb , but then i go out again , in , out , in out etc. . . 
  i never had the courage to just stay in for a few days . 
  should be . 
  unless you have teachers like we did ( not all of them surely ) . 
  but a lot of them would n't allow critical thinking . 
  i was always called a troublemaker for wanting to know more . 
  they could at least point me to a direction , instead of saying they do n't have time for this . 
  hm , how do you figure that one out ? 
  never delved that much into astrology . 
  now i have to figure out when i was born . 
  i 've seen a lot of people starting to use this slogan : s ~ ~ love ~ ~ nia as a sign of dissatisfaction with the outcome of the referendum . 
  but please do n't generalize it to all the people . 
  a lot of us support gay people . 
  the bigger problem is the apathy of some voters . 
  you know the : my vote does n't count anyway mentality . 
  so is it really wrong if two people enjoy sex without the intention of having kids ? 
  we 're overpopulating the planet anyway . 
  the human race wo n't just die out , because we accept gay people . 
  it 's not like - oh it 's accepted ? 
  let 's all be gay . 
  surely more people will have the courage to reveal themselves , but that does n't increase the percent of people that are gay . 
  whoever is truly a homosexual was born like that , they just keep quiet due to the shitty people that judge them . 
  many things we humans do are unnatural . 
  i was n't offended . 
  i just misunderstood the unnatural argument from your side . 
  a lot of people i speak to mention unnatural as a negative thing - and then judge people for doing that . 
  what i wrote are some of the fears that people have and attach it to their unnatural argument . 
  i did n't mean to put words into your mouth , so i 'm sorry . 
  but i still disagree that it 's unnatural . 
  propagating a species that could go extinct due to overpopulation is not natural as it 's against our survival . 
  and the apathy of the ones who did n't even vote . 
  i 'm slovenian and i do n't respect the decision of the opposition , it 's bullshit that there even was a referendum about it . 
  i mean , i get it that 's how democracy works . 
  but these people that organised this are hiding behind the : `` it 's about the children '' excuse . 
  and they wo n't stop here . 
  it 's already been announced that the next thing they are going after is prohibiting abortion . 
  and with the apathy shown this time , they might just do it . 
  no , a lot of things could change . 
  the guy that organized this overturn that lead to the referendum said , he is n't stopping here - next stop is abortion prohibition . 
  and if the same thing happens as it happened this time ... well where will he stop ? 
  well anyone that joined them willingly has already lost his/her head . 
  those who are pressured i feel very sorry for and hopefully something can be done to help them . 
  just make up a catch phrase and you 've got a show !, 
  i know violence is n't the answer but in this case , someone should beat in their fucking skulls . 
  do you want your god damn liter ` o'cola ? 
  if humans are real , how can monkeys be real ? 
  then again you can get a hands-free headset and talk . 
  push a little button to pick up the phone and have only one headphone in . 
  if someone needs you that urgently , they can call instead of writing an sms . 
  it 's about as distracting as someone sitting on the passenger seat talking to you , so it 's not really a problem . 
  brilliant . 
  i wish it would be a real show . 
  i 'd watch it . 
  even if the paparazzi would n't get their asses kicked - just inconvenienced to the point of not being able to to their `` jobs '' . 
  man , i 'd love that . 
  i have been unable to and yeah it 's scary but i would prefer that to a deadly amount of physical damage ( like cutting and bleeding out or just being beat the shit out of ) or burning alive , not to mention disease/hunger . 
  maybe if a building falls on me that would be quicker . 
  but if it would have to be slow , then drowning/asphyxia is the one way i would pick . 
  but surely i would prefer a quick way rather than slowly dying . 
  there 's a game i never found again . 
  i used to love to play it . 
  it was in win 98 se . 
  you were driving a truck and could choose which mission to do or just chose exit and drive around freely . 
  some missions included delivering trailers while fighting off enemies ( other trucks or tanks ) , some missions were just : destroy x of y. 
  you could change between 4x4 and regular drive on the fly ( would make your tires look bigger on 4x4 ) . 
  also you could mount weapons on your truck and i remember a badass thing i put always put in front - it looked like a boomerang , but if you rammed an opponent with it , it bumped them in the air . 
  i have no idea what the title is . 
  but that game was awesome . 
  i think the freys got robbed of the throne quite literally . 
  it needs the first one . 
  it 's a great setup for the story of the second one . 
  sarah ends up in a mental hospital and how would you explain the child without the first one ? 
  also arnold 's change from the villain to the good guy . 
  she does n't trust him at first . 
  i liked it , but then again i have n't seen the trailer before i saw the movie . 
  i found gandalf 's death in fellowship way ~ ~ better ~ ~ sadder , even if this one is very close . 
  i mean he did n't technically die , given what being he is . 
  but it does seem that way . 
  and we all knew that someone is going to die in moria . 
  first the silence , then pippin screws up . 
  then if you forget about mithril , there is frodo 's fake death . 
  afterwards this big ass monster comes out to play . 
  all seems well and gandalf of all falls . 
  when frodo 's scream echoes and goes into the angelic voices of the singers - that moment just always gives me chills . 
  edit : a few words . 
  equilibrium - tread carefully for you tread on my dreams . 
  dishonour on your cow !, 
  lisa gerrard has a heavenly voice . 
  i also like the : `` am i not merciful '' speech from commodus .
