  i mean he is a vain little shit . 
  but i could really feel sympathy towards him during that scene . 
  he just does n't try enough and always fails and is more and more frustrated throughout the movie . 
  he always tries to copy others , but fails . 
  that 's where he makes the comparison to maximus the merciful and himself . 
  because maximus disobeyed the caesar , when he spared a gladiator , even though commodus gave a thumb down as in do not spare him . 
  maximus basically stole the people from commodus and commodus let him do it by giving the people : `` bread and games '' as the proverb says . 
  `` jesus christ on a pogo stick , that wanker just stole my pen ! '', 
  that 's the point where i have to pause the movie and proceed laughing aloud for a few minutes . 
  fuck you , who goes into a vault without proper armour , weapons and first aid ? 
  and you can hit quick save you know . 
  or maybe even * gasps * save the old fashioned way before you get yourself in a sticky situation . 
  a whole new woooorld . 
  but seriously , i have been laughing the entire ride home and now everyone thinks i 'm insane . 
  those were english kniggets , not knights . 
  there was a rumour that they were daffy , but i do n't think that was true for all of them . 
  * kniggets, 
   i do n't drink in public . 
  i 've done it two time only and both times people who 've seen me call school board members to complain , even though it is on my personal time . 
  i do n't get this one - why would someone complain ? 
  i mean , were you drinking like a beer or some wine or a shot and a beer ( which is n't a lot really even if you repeat it about three times in a long enough time period ) . 
  or were you really drunk ? 
  i mean there has to be a limit for everyone - i could lose my job if i got too drunk and would do something stupid enough . 
  but someone calling on you drinking responsibly is just bizarre . 
  when did we stop watching music videos ? 
  i saw and heard that . 
  must have been the video i was watching . 
  more like diogenes . 
  rhyme and proper meter . 
  almost anyone can make a rhyme , but it 's the meter that separates a poet from the village idiot . 
  i 'm the latter . 
  stop right there criminal scum !, 
  you violated ... my mother . 
  we have tons of shrimp ... but not for you fucker !, 
  next !, 
  just do n't call me an asshole if i tell you i do n't like the things you listen to and why i do n't and we 're best friends . 
  perhaps not natural evolution but evolution is influenced by mankind . 
  for example : people in areas with high income and an abundance of food will probably get fatter than people in areas where food is scarce and expensive according to their income . 
  another thing that is being misused is the term natural ... this or that is n't natural . . of course it is n't , how could we humans be natural if the perception of the world is a construct created by each mind in a slightly different way ? 
  there is no global definition of natural for a human - but a construct of rules was created according to the development of humanity . 
  and when those rules stop being questioned and changed , that 's when we stop developing our society . 
  what would you say are the sings ? 
  it is known . 
  most things can be dangerous if you act like an idiot . 
  happened to me after a long day at work . 
  i took the highway since i thought why not be home sooner . 
  nodded off for a few seconds right before my exit , luckily nothing happened . 
  i did n't even feel tired , just dozed off . 
  how ? 
  i mean if someone takes my words out of context without asking me what i meant , i do n't need them in my life at all . 
  it 's great music and we should n't be afraid or feel bad for talking about it . 
  i was a total wreck when i had to put down my rat - essentially we killed him , because the tumours cause neurological problems for him and his balance was off , he could n't eat normally any more and he started squeaking out of nowhere ( not all the time , just every now and then ) , his front legs ( paws ? ), 
  did n't work that well either . 
  so it was either watch him suffer and wait for him to stop breathing or kill him . 
  one of the hardest decisions i ever made and i cried like a moron when he was dying in my arms . 
  but then again i am very sensitive for a guy . 
  i do n't cry for everything or often , but when i do , it 's a whole fucking ocean . 
  so , any real reason for not trusting or believing her ? 
  this is the best advice in that situation . 
  showing her , that you do n't trust her , will destroy your relationship . 
  edit : but yeah if you see more suspicious behaviour - that might be a problem , but do n't be too confrontational too soon . 
  true , i was just trying to emphasize your point about things being dangerous when a person acts like an idiot . 
  if they are aware of it or not . 
  it happens that sometimes i look back at my life and think : `` why the hell would i do that ? '', 
  but at the time it made sense . 
  yeah i understand the problem . 
  but i think that the bigger `` fuck you '' to the terrorists would be quite the opposite . 
  try not to associate it with them or at least look past that , since that is exactly what they want . 
  but it 's hard to do that , especially if you or someone you know/love would be affected by their attacks . 
  do you have a shiny metal ass ? 
  forceful fucking song . 
  well he mostly just acts bewildered as to how could someone mention anything sexual at all . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  probably should n't take it at face value . 
  but then again i like to listen to nirvana . 
  it 's a joke name sir , like biggus dickus . 
  my gf and i are at the stage in our relationship where we are living together but have n't really seriously considered marriage , let alone children . 
  but a lot of people have at least two questions , any time we meet them : `` how come you are n't yet married '' and `` when are you going to have kids ? 
  it 's your turn now . '', 
  our turn ? 
  that 's such a bizarre thing to say , as if we were waiting in a queue . 
  and we are financially not ready to take care of a goat or a bigger dog , let alone a child . 
  when we tell them this their reaction is usually : `` money is n't the most important thing in the world '' . 
  makes me want to leave in a few seconds . 
  how something represents itself and what people consider it to be is a completely different matter . 
  i 've never seen reddit advertise itself as a journalism website . 
  some users may have , but that 's another thing . 
  well if they were honest , i do n't see the problem . 
  if they lied - that 's a really shitty thing to do . 
  yeah , but even if you have experience it takes some time to get adjusted to what your partner wants . 
  if someone expects you to be perfect first time , they are being completely unrealistic . 
  gets even better when the barrier of talking about fetishes/fantasies is broken . 
  that does n't just happen when you meet . 
  sex gets better with practice , but each person is different . 
  you lost your vagina card ? 
  no one wanted to be batman for fear of losing parents . 
  well put . 
  i 'm saving this comment for the next time someone says that wearing a seat belt is a personal choice . 
  hr sounds more like pr . 
  what else would you say rather than crush ?
