  hurry up mr. 
  bubbles , angels are waiting for our kisses . 
  i ^ ( i ) sir !, 
  tis ' me the fabled dr. acula . 
  but from my point of view , the you are lost !, 
  but originally it 's from lightbulb sun . 
  which city ? 
  then again i met a few orcs and nords that were very rude calling me a milk drinker and so on ... 
  i always tell them to stop talking to me like that and it always leads to a fight . 
  they leave some good gear sometimes . 
  for my father the king !, 
  to be fair i had no idea there was an edition of deadwing with shesmovedon on it . 
  i only know of the edition ( besides the normal one ) that has added so called friend and half-light ( which is one of my favorite songs ) . 
  i think jon wesley is along as well . 
  i mean there are two voices - one is definitely steven wilson , the other is too high for steven imo . 
  so i think it 's jon . 
  if you listen to the live and the studio version , the vocals sound very similar . 
  at least to my ears . 
  i 'll dye my hair blond and meet the winner by the entrance . 
  by azura , by azura , by azura !, 
  yes i am aware he is n't credited , but it just sounds so much like him . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe you are right and steven just put an effect on his own voice . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  this song gets me crying without it being attributed to something sad that really happened , i do n't think i could handle it with something like that . 
  it talks about saying goodbye to a friend . 
  even though it 's meant to be a bit optimistic as in the goodbye is not because the friendship is ending . 
  there is also a lot of emphasis on them keeping each other in their memories . 
  as in remember the good times , do n't focus on the sadness of departure . 
  but that still just makes me very sad . 
  what were the mother and father ? 
  aragorn and arwen ? 
  do you mean before as in front ? 
  because i ca n't imagine what a horrible person would do that . 
  but first milk and then cereal ... well what other way is there but the wrong one ? 
  so occam used to floss his teeth with a razor ? 
  it 's good to see that he discovered something new and simpler . 
  must be a hard life to not be able to trust yourself . 
  you do n't have to be bisexual or gay for that imo . 
  i like my body too , but i do n't get aroused by it . 
  depends on my mood , but lately i 've been feeling a bit sad so it would be : melanie safka - ruby tuesday . 
  the verse : `` lose your dreams and you might lose your mind '' really resounds with me as i feel my dream slipping away . 
  now when i want to get pumped i usually put on anaal nathrakh - i am the wrath of gods and the desolation of the earth . 
  it just takes my mind to a place where i feel good . 
  i really enjoy placebo 's cover , even though the original is very good too . 
  are you really an adult ? 
  or are you just 3 million bees in a trench coat ? 
  nah man , op is talking about zombie wasps - they sting you even after they are dead . 
  that 's the only possible explanation . 
  are you sure that was n't a fish ? 
  well there was also a fellow named . . tim , that showed us a wee rabbit . 
  it was horrible . 
  a giant squid on land would really be a sight to see ... from a far . 
  wait ... you are filled_with_bees . . are you the trench coat ? 
  well if you are interested , within temptation have also made a cover of that song . 
  while it 's good , i feel it 's not as good as the one done by placebo . 
  how the hell do you wake up dead ? 
  but if a mouse go out , does it become a rat ? 
  do you mean realistic regarding the story or racing ? 
  because the racing is more need for speed realistic . 
  and not pro street , but more like nfsu and nfsu2 . 
  but a new despicable me is coming out . 
  to me it 's just another rehashed story - guy is anti-family ( a bit more so because he is a villain ) , family descends upon him and he grows as a person and becomes a dad . 
  sure it has some funny jokes and one liners , but that 's just not enough for me . 
  hotel transylvania is almost the same movie - a monster father dealing with his child being different - has to change and grow to accept them . 
  same premise over and over , a few new jokes and that 's it . 
   the british chicks death, 
  to me it was so bizarre , i just started to laugh , i mean why ? 
  so unnecessary and made just to set up the big whale dinosaur thing . 
  yeah that was what took me out of how horrible it was , just too over the top . 
  it 's like watching some campy horror movie , where you ca n't help but laugh , even though it 's supposed to be disturbing . 
  it was completely out of place . 
  surely if something like that really happened it would have been horrible and i would n't laugh at all . 
  but it seemed like they made the big whale dinosaur and then just showcased him a couple of times . 
  even the end was made in the same way . 
  so over the top and the same trick in the end - granted not as horrible , since at least the dinosaurs stood a chance against one another , while this woman was completely helpless . 
  put on trains or half light by porcupine tree . 
  igorrr - tendon , moldy eye or unpleasant sonata are a pretty good entry points for the band . 
  at least for my taste . 
  anathema - summernight horizon, 
  i can already see caruso , after daenerys eventually gets beheaded and he investigates the scene , a buddy of his says : `` but she was the smartest ruler in westeros , regardless of her family 's history ! '', 
  and caruso replies : `` well i guess she , ... lost her mind '' . 
  #yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !, 
  a cheeky ending like lock , stock and two smoking barrels . 
  in concentric circles and each time a bit closer to the earth . 
  add in a taunting frenchman and i 'm up for it . 
  now we 'll never know how much of the fookin ' chicken is still left !, 
  if the downfall of all the others would be well done , i would not mind that kind of ending . 
  i imagine him very buff like the hulk or a mutant from fallout , since he was rowing for so long : `` strange game , to win , no play . '', 
  i have to see the trailer before i make that kind of commitment . 
  i never watched that show , so i did n't really feel too bad about it , but i heard a lot about it . 
  the lock , stock ending was good imo . 
  they would just have to change the taunts to be character specific . 
  haha , i forgot about that . 
  black chocolate - the joke here is , i 'm white . 
  and that 's hulk 's origin story . 
  he 's always so angry , because he remembers rowing for so long . 
  i mean , i 'd be mad too . 
  ah yes the werewood , which unlike the werewolf that is active during the full moon , is active every morning . 
  i do n't mind , i was just making a joke .
