  q tip through ear is a great brain teaser . 
  his only problem was that he was only looking forward . 
  isis . 
  edit :, 
  not the terrorist organisation but a band named after the egyptian godess of femininity :, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isis_ ( band ), 
  i really liked stargate : sg-1 and atlantis up until the end , even the movies were good . 
  i did however like universe too , but it 's too bad that it was n't ever finished . 
  i agree it was n't as good as before , but i did n't feel like it jumped the shark . 
  yes exactly my thoughts as well . 
  hm , perhaps . 
  but daniel was n't evolving so they put him on hold . 
  that was better in my opinion than just doing nothing with him . 
  do you remember which songs they played ? 
  that means you are a baboon and i 'm not . 
  assuming direct control . 
  who the fuck said that ? 
  thanks , wow that must have been amazing , 
  i have to watch full metal jacket again . 
  i sense that you had more to say , go ahead , do n't be shy . 
  so we ban religion and everything should be ok . / s, 
  or maybe do n't take the bible literally and keep in mind that it 's also an account of history rather than a book that says what god told people to do and so it 's ok for us to do it too . 
  i mean if god changed from a vengeful bastard ( old testament ) to someone who preaches love to an extreme ( new testament ) does that mean he made a mistake ? 
  or is it perhaps that the idea of god changed/evolved and one should look at the background instead of reading everything at face value . 
  but yes it is twisted - as it is written vaguely in order to sound general and applicable for a community , so yeah you can pretty much explain all your actions by taking a quote out of context . 
  edit : not just the bible any religious books really . 
  well i met her when i was still dating my ex . 
  but then she dumped me . 
  and i actually did n't really have a lot of contact with anyone for a while . 
  but since msn was popular , i did communicate virtually . 
  then after i while when i got over it i started meeting people more and going out . 
  one day me and her decided to just meet and talk . 
  then once i came to her school , when she had a presentation on lorca and sang verde que te quiero verde . 
  we went for a beer after and i found her company to be ok too - i could relax and be myself . 
  then we started to meet more often . 
  once we were sitting in front of her school ( studying math/physics which i like , she does n't and needed help ) and rain started falling so we went inside . 
  then when we were done studying , we talked some more about more personal stuff and then our first kiss happened . 
  after a few weeks of us meeting at random times she came to my place and we watched constantine , then just started making out . 
  after that followed another visit , this time at her house , where pretty much the same thing happened . 
  a few weeks later she left for spain for a month , but i told her that i would wait for her , so when she came back we `` made it official '' . 
  now we are together for six years and this year she left for spain again , this time half a year , but i 'm visiting her for christmas . 
  advice ? 
  just be honest and try to detect when you should be assertive and when sensitive . 
  if you make a mistake confessing it and apologizing/talking about it is something that can save your relationship . 
  we did have a few problems , but it was because of our completely different views on some things . 
  why is it that people always draw connections of random events and conclude that the world is going to end ? 
  but who pressed save ? 
  i was walking to my elementary school - about seven or eight years old . 
  i think my brother was with me . 
  we were waiting to get across the road ( no traffic lights at the time yet ) and we have n't even seen the dog , just heard a squeal and a car passed by . 
  the dog was lying dead on the floor with it 's internal organs visible and his eyes popped out of his skull . 
  you are missing a the between was and shit . 
  mass effect , yes even the third one , but not at the very end , a bit before the last 5 minutes . 
  bioshock , bioshock infinite . 
  i was raised catholic and pretty much believed most of what i was told in church - at the age of 14 i started questioning everything and distancing myself from it , but sometimes the guilt trips stay . 
  and i know religion is n't about guilt and fear in it 's abstract essence , but that was what i was taught and it still remains . 
  i do n't hate religion , i just hate what i was taught about it . 
  on the flip side do n't allow too many to reach in . 
  i have a fluctuation of the two extremes and it 's not generally healthy . 
  i can listen to music while i work , so that helps a lot . 
  sometimes i daydream or engage in a forum ( reddit ) , but only askreddit - that makes me think about other things a bit . 
  i was just really immersed into both games . 
  there were n't really tearjerker moments , it just happened . 
  yeah baby !, 
  no no you misunderstood . 
  before reddit - smarter , after reddit - average monkey . 
  that would be rapid fire sex . 
  tool - schism . 
  because of the weird time signatures . 
  to me it 's a key part of a relationship along with romance and reason . 
  yeah i get that . 
  but why does n't someone predict something good ? 
  yes that 's true . 
  but without at least a bit of all three , a relationship can not function for me . 
  finding balance between them is usually trial and error . 
  but they still remain key components . 
  to be honest i am more excited about cupcakes than the end of the world . 
  i do get your point however . 
  but i thought about it and perhaps the reason is that if someone would predict something good , people would be more outraged , than when someone predicts something bad . 
  because we all hope it wo n't happen . 
  but i do n't know , something that equals the scale of world burning , just it being good . 
  this year the world will survive and something global is going to get better . 
  i do n't know global warming or something . 
  something that would prevent our destruction for example . 
  yes but why not draw a connection between unrelated events and get something good out of it ? 
  a good conclusion that is . 
  your question is phrased in a way that makes you seem a bit sexist . 
  it 's hard to determine what you really meant on the internet . 
  but i strongly disagree . 
  both genders like music of higher or lower standards , it 's not even a matter of race or subculture . 
  every genre has good and bad music . 
  it 's a very individual thing . 
  sweet endorphins . 
  i 'm peanut butter , you know what time it is . 
  i 've got 18 if you count my guitars and three sets of backups . 
  so you could say i have six packs of strings . 
  goddammit butters . 
  o hai aliens , how you doin ' ? 
  edit : are you stoner aliens ? 
  well i was n't very happy either that day , i will never forget that .
