  just prevents you from dying of starvation . 
  makes the game very hard . 
  if you do n't sleep enough - skill reduction , you do n't eat or drink enough - skill reduction , combine with frostfall and since most caves are cold - another skill reduction . 
  i think that if you eat uncooked meat it harms you . 
  maybe it 's all the extra bits of metal in your foot that are the cause of drowning in the first place . 
  imagine a chicken in the middle of the hearing ... is this the person that shouted him to death ? 
  judge : guilty !, 
  here 's the procedure ... 
  well skyrim 's astronaut program is still in it 's early phases . 
  silly putty humanoidy heady opener . 
  i wonder if it was arnegir the one who farted when the greybeards summoned me . 
  offtopic : how afraid are you of lemon stealing whores ? 
  on a scale of 1-10 . 
  i do n't think anyone would miss their parents if they genuinely abused them emotionally . 
  that does n't mean being harsh or being angry at them for one too many times . 
  but real emotional abuse is something you must get out of , especially if it 's in a relationship that is supposed to help you create a view on the world , like a parent does to a child . 
  i 'll take no parents instead of shitty parents any day . 
  edit : but this is not something where you can make a general rule . 
  you can scold someone without calling them names . 
  is that like an early rocket propulsion development programme ? 
  but that is different if you ca n't afford variety , if you can and choose not to - then you do n't suffer . 
  i do not condone the dew/pizza combo diet , but a person chooses what they put into their bodies . 
  it does n't make me sad if someone is destroying themselves like this . 
  they know exactly what they are doing . 
  the sadder thing is if someone does n't know what they are doing and are left to themselves . 
  they just fuck up their lives , due to this disease , that does n't leave them much in the way of rational thinking . 
  do quests . 
  get rewards you do n't need . 
  sell them to the nearest merchant . 
  yes , there you are correct . 
  but it 's a hard decision . 
  some parents do n't change . 
  they may have problems from their own childhood or maybe they just are n't capable of changing . 
  it 's hard to decide , whether to take the child away and put them in one kind of trauma or leave them with their parent , who will continue if not even abuse them more . 
  it 's not easy to predict what a person will do . 
  because you wrote that the best option is therapy , i wrote the other option . 
  i do agree that if there can be a solution that includes them staying together , that is the best one . 
  but sometimes you just have to separate them - because one party is just too harmful to the other one . 
  but that 's what op has suggested . 
  i mean the logic stands . 
  they give you all they have , you have better so you sell it . 
  that 's it . 
  you ca n't just give it back and if there is n't an option to say no , so that 's the logic i would use . 
  just sell it to another person , instead of this one that gave it to you . 
  edit : i forgot about the may it serve you part , but then again money made from it will serve me well . 
  crab people , crab people , crab people , crab people . 
  is that how we start to use the three sea shells ? 
  or the one on linkin park 's a thousand suns album ( maybe it 's the same one ... ) , which starts - `` i have come to this magnificent house of worship tonight , because my conscience leaves me no other choice '' . 
  that part of the speech is very moving , if only , they would have kept the voice without any effects on it . 
  true . 
  i should have clarified that i thought people who threaten you with words . 
  like some bandits or hired thugs or whatever . 
  they can go on about how they will kill you or take your stuff and you can laugh and go fus ro dah , then clobber them any way you like . 
  a small meal may include more calories than a bigger one . 
  i agree 9 * 300 calories is too much . 
  but eating what seems to be more can be less . 
  but we humans can be deceived by appearance . 
  sure it 's all about calories , no one said it is n't . 
  why do you walk like a bunch of pimps ? 
  i think it 's actually the opposite . 
  if you truly love someone , you wo n't have a problem with saying sorry , thank you and help me please . 
  they say what it is and it is what they say and that is it and what . 
  but it does n't , since it sounds like they are sorry about not being sorry , it 's so passive aggressive . 
  if you want me to go fuck myself say that . 
  i will , once i am at home in private . 
  our whole life . 
  some of us have grown to fret for such trivial things - even though we do n't see them as trivial in the grand scale of things it wo n't make any difference . 
  sometimes that limits our freedom too much . 
  mode badass initiated , you will take me seriously from now on . 
  i was your father 's brother 's nephew 's cousin 's former roommate . 
  really liked her in the secretary . 
  i wish i could spank her as he did . 
  envy , sloth , wrath , general kinkiness , take your pick . 
  sometimes we eat shit , sleep and die . 
  realize that for the moment this is as good as it gets . 
  does n't that mean that you should value what you have , instead of discarding it for something you might have , you know , in case you lose everything ? 
   slept like a baby : you mean you woke up crying at two in the morning because you 're hungry and just shit yourself ? 
  that is what i regularly ask people when they say that . 
  i 'm not very well liked . 
  i understand that . 
  but i feel that love is more like saying what you mean , if you want to say sorry , just say sorry . 
  it 's often not the person offended/harmed that wants the apology , but the person who has done something wrong that seeks redemption . 
  at least that is my point of view . 
  i 'm happy to say i do n't remember how that feels . 
  well it 's only fitting that we die between piss and shit , pretty much the way we are born . 
  anaal nathrakh - between piss and shit we are born . 
  the song itself is n't peaceful , but i appreciate the fact , that we are going to pass one day , gives me freedom and peace . 
  broccoli . 
  i would have remembered the aftermath . 
  but i was pooping in diapers at the time . 
  never happened since , i 'm happy to say . 
  is that like a jesus bee or something ? 
  not until you get caught . 
  i think that if a game can tell me it 's story without any cutscenes it does n't bother me if they are absent . 
  but yeah the cutscenes really help sometimes . 
  if you take fury road on it 's own , i think you are right - lack of a story . 
  but if you take it within the franchise , it really does n't need that much of a story . 
  we all know who max is by now . 
  we all know what he does . 
  they introduced new characters , instead of explaining too much about max , which is what i really liked .
