  computer turned all the map into creep so i could n't build anything any more . 
  i mean it does n't stress me , since i do n't play with real people and there is no rage . 
  but it 's hard to play and there is always something you should be doing . 
  i ca n't imagine playing against a human that 's really good at it . 
  starcraft i/brood war is also hard to play against the computer . 
  always brings in a big ass army no matter what i do . 
  condemned : criminal origins did that for me . 
  for about a week . 
  in the fire is long enough and you are cumming home ? 
  decapitated - day 69 . 
  it was a good day . 
  i could n't play the second one . 
  it 's not on pc . 
  but the first one was awesome . 
  why ? 
  most of the script was n't really all that good in my opinion . 
  was n't bad , but one of those movies you do n't watch just for the dialogue . 
  i could n't help but reading this in jim carrey 's voice . 
  that whole album makes me cry . 
  lately it 's : in vain - floating on the murmuring tide . 
  especially when you read the lyrics . 
  you speak dubstep ? 
  are you one of the great modems ? 
  for me it 's when the last wave broke - the ending is so beautiful . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i 'm a bit too slow too . 
  did n't have the resources and units to do what you wrote . 
  i must expand quicker . 
  because they cornered me and cut me off from resources . 
  then i could n't build more of an army and i was done . 
  i 've done this to my girlfriend in jest when she complimented me on mine , i said right back at you - i laughed , she did n't . 
  she was n't used to that kind of humour . 
  i 'm happy to say , she is used to it by now . 
  probably would n't survive if she took everything i say seriously . 
  someone is going to come into this thread and post that list thing that has all the rekt versions on it . 
  i hope you live op . 
  just be careful not to trust dramatically exaggerated comments . 
  you need to have a filter on reddit too . 
  how did you get your beard to grow on your neck ? 
  do you make money by helping out nigerian princes ? 
  so no snaaaaake ? 
  you must really like separating windows , doors and screens . 
  do you just like them here or there ? 
  but do n't you pass out under the cactus because you drank tequila all night and went : ayayayayayayayayayay in a high pitched voice ? 
  i have to take the time to play with other . 
  do n't want to leave during matches - i can do that with computer and not ruin a game for someone . 
  when i have time , i will most definitely try vs. players . 
  yeah , i bet . 
  but i do n't have the time to go against people yet . 
  i mean if i end a game prematurely playing vs. ai , it 's not a problem . 
  if i do that vs. human opponent , i ruin someone 's game in the middle of it . 
  when i get more time , i will do it . 
  weekends i guess . 
  i ca n't imagine the cost of all those mullion . 
  where did you put them ? 
  and now they have double the windows . 
  but `` instance '' does . 
  so you are going to continue the nigerian prince 's legacy and become an ( insert your country here ) prince so the cycle of mullions continues ? 
  you lie . 
  how long a chain does she have ? 
  i mean is it like , you can go to the living room . . or is there a small bed in the kitchen ? 
  the great mullion cycle has made a new revolution !, 
  no it 's in american . 
  the up and running is where i failed . 
  and not noticing it a bit earlier . 
  my macro was awful - still is probably . 
  yeeey oldnakedsnake . . are you wrinkly too ? 
  i do n't care about being penalized . 
  but i know i would hate it if i started playing with someone , figured what i want to do and start creating an army etc. . then they just leave in the middle . 
  it feels like i would be wasting the other player 's time too . 
  i do n't want to do that . 
  yes i did , but i have to put them into practice . 
  if they would be using information to advertise certain products , i 'm keeping my porn account just out of curiosity as to what they will advertise . 
  i mean it could be porn sites , but judging by the account activity it might also be some rehabilitation centres or psychiatrists . 
  you never know ... but it would be interesting to see how they would base algorithms for that . 
  i mean , do they just ignore the extreme stuff and try to advertise `` normal '' things ? 
  where is the line that separates the acceptable and too extreme ? 
  at our college we had a course on recommender systems and it really interests me how that works as i have no practical experience besides what we did in college - we mostly looked at how amazon and imdb recommend certain products based on what we viewed . 
  in soviet russia , gag finds you . 
  what did you do/say ? 
  the traffic my dad has experienced going home from the gas station to get cigarettes is the worst . 
  he 's been gone for 24 years now . 
  i find it the most horrible when melchett sends darling along with the others . 
  was n't exactly expected as he was by the general 's side all the series and they were always hiding behind the lines as the others were on the front . 
  his reaction and the way he just resigns in the end . . that 's some great acting . 
  it 's also a reference to the abyss . 
  opeth on progressive nation tour in 2010 and opeth two years ago at metaldays . 
  also sepultura this year at metaldays - celebrating 30 years of the band , it was just one of the best concerts , the pace was relentless . 
  such a quick and effective transition from funny to sad . 
  yeah the transition from angry - starts with being angry for buying him the present , to how he could live just fine without him . . and then just breaks down into crying while saying that line . 
  great acting on his part . 
  introduction to algorithms 3rd edition . 
  must you throw that in my face ? 
  i do n't think that tour made it to europe . 
  also i made a mistake , it was 2009 not 2010 . 
  we had bigelf ( not my kind of music ) , unexpect ( love them ) , opeth and dream theater . 
  that 's actually one of the best [ deaths ] ( / spoiler ) ever . 
  you lucky bastard . 
  worst orgasm is still an orgasm . 
  in vain .
