  but as i 've been pointing out with l'enfant and the way of all flesh ( which are n't bad albums ) , some songs very much feel like recycled older albums . 
  stranded , the cell are examples of this . 
  i liked silvera , even though i can find a lot of similarities with older albums , but just the composition is a bit different . 
  magma and only pain are my favorite of the album . 
  low lands was good too . 
  liberation ends interestingly . 
  ca n't get into the shooting star and pray . 
  there is a lacking of drums for my taste , but i can understand them playing it down due to loss of aggression and not a lot changes in tempo , sometimes too many repetitions of the same riff made me feel bored , with no kickass drums behind it . 
  opeth handles this well - while guitars might play a riff a lot of times , the drums usually add something more ( porcelain heart is a good example of this ) . 
  i do n't mind the clean vocals and harmonies are ok . 
  they have room to improve , but it 's not a deal breaker . 
  all in all not a bad album , but nothing too special besides a few songs . 
  at least for my taste . 
  i do n't mind the change of their musical direction , but i currently do n't see it as an album that i will play a lot in comparison to their older work . 
  i usually start talking some weird or funny shit and when they agree with me , i know they do n't really want to talk . 
  i mean , take the time , or just tell me to fuck off , since you are busy . 
  even the name fits tormund 's sense of humour . 
  i think condoms ( if you do n't take a really big box ) are about that much . 
  make two people happy if used properly . 
  had my very first beer - bought and drank with my brother on the first day of high school . 
  me him and his schoolmate just sat down on a few benches , drank and talked . 
  then we went on the bus and headed home . 
  we were in public so i guess legal age is 18 , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  definitely need to be 18 to buy , but the store clerk did n't really ask questions . 
  if i would notice her , i would try to approach her and ask her what 's up . 
  i mean not if i had to really hurry somewhere . 
  but i once had a guy talk to me - random stranger about someone suing him . 
  i 'm not going into details , but he just needed to vent , so i listened as we walked in the general way to the courthouse . 
  he explained how it seemed unfair to him and was quite angry , but i just said that i understand and given his perspective it seems unfair . 
  seemed to calm him down a bit . 
  i was scared at first though , it does n't happen often that a random stranger wants to talk like this . 
  hungary , turkey . 
  works best if read with a bit of an italian accent . 
  i can only state my opinion . 
  a few of my family members have died of old age , suicide , disease . 
  saying goodbye to my fourth rat soon probably , he is sick too , but it does n't compare to family dying , still it makes me very sad . 
  and to think i would cause this to happen , makes me sick and i think the guilt would consume me . 
  i can barely handle people dying on me as it is and sometimes i ca n't sleep at night because of it . 
  i ca n't imagine being the reason for someone else to stop living and doing that to people they leave behind . 
  i mean the act of ending a life is enough , let alone the devastation it may cause indirectly . 
  unless it is absolutely necessary - self defence or defending someone else . 
  in saying that , i have no problem with violence in movies/games/books any media i consume . 
  if it 's done right and not just violent for the sake of violence , it can actually be useful - like showing the horror of war for example . 
  or in games just to make it more interesting , survival works well with a horror component , not only are you scared , but it makes you listen to everything , because you want to survive . 
  and in games it often feels right to kill someone - if they are dehumanized ( demons , machines , nameless soldiers , villains ) . 
  but some games do make me feel guilty for killing - spec ops : the line , bioshock series ... others do not - skyrim , wow ... 
  being straight : anneke van giersbergen , carice van houten . 
  they both seem very nice , are beautiful and both have lovely voices . 
  being gay : keannu reeves , nikolaj-coster waldau or tom hiddelston . 
  all attractive , sexy voices that i could listen to all day and i feel they would have a lot to say and seem like fun people as much as i have seen them . 
  i had one two days ago . 
  i was dreaming that we were in college and were living there as students . 
  that was the good part , there were a few acquaintances of mine present , so i was n't alone . 
  so i was wandering around the campus and it was huge and very beautiful . 
  then i came across the music room , started playing the cello . 
  but all of a sudden i felt that someone i know was dying and it was like the image was in my head and my playing intensified with every second . 
  the emotions were very powerful and when i woke up , i just felt like crying . 
  have n't felt that kind of sadness in a long time . 
  got robbed once , while going to meet my friends . 
  if i would have walked there 3 minutes later , nothing would happen . 
  why not ? 
  but what if you find the dark sides interesting ? 
  i mean not only the dark ones , but let 's share the darkness as well as the light . 
  at least in intimate relationships such as good friends or partners/husband/wife . 
  you can help , but ultimately it 's up to the person to change . 
  could you provide some examples on that ? 
  i 'm curious , since i have n't read too much about the subject . 
  as a lot of people have said - when having one piece of cutlery , i tend to use my right hand since it 's dominant . 
  but a knife changes things . 
  i prefer being clumsy with the fork , rather than be clumsy with a knife . 
  constantly switching is terrible - can confirm tried it as a kid . 
  i am perfectly aware of that . 
  better today . 
  been feeling very bad lately , under a lot of stress . 
  maybe today i will finally have time to play guitar and let it all out . 
  those two cigarettes i smoked yesterday also helped a lot . 
  i do n't normally smoke , but sometimes i do , just to relax . 
  then i 'm good for the year . 
  how are you op ? 
   listen to the radio / audio books / music, 
  i really like you mentioning this . 
  very few people really take time to just listen to music . 
  it 's becoming background noise mostly . 
  it 's sometimes awesome to just put on some music , lay on the bed/couch and close my eyes . 
  better with headphones . 
  good to hear that you are well . 
  i 'm trying to , just going through some stuff lately and sometimes it gets harder . 
  but i found what relaxes me , now i just have to find time to do it . 
  these two weeks have been rather busy . 
  but i will soon have vacation time . 
  a few trips , more reading , more guitar practice and probably watching a few movies . 
  it 's going to be gone very quickly , just have one week . 
  then a month later - two weeks , but have no plans yet . 
  thanks , i definitely will . 
  learned how to deal with stress and when it becomes too much , since once i crossed that threshold and i do n't want to be there ever again . 
  well i do n't mean share every thought . 
  that 's not good . 
  but thoughts come and go . 
  if one is considering cheating for a longer time , that is indication that something is wrong . 
  and i 'm not talking about fantasies .
