  we are being asked for now , no back hand commentaries yet , but they always , always make a point to ask . 
  that 's why it annoys me . 
   i understand their is inequality between the sexes in respect to pay and other factors . 
  i just mean that when it comes to jobs we should n't automatically have to accommodate a certain number of women just because they are women . 
  maybe there is n't enough interest by women to have equal numbers as men in certain fields die to lack of interest by women and a lack of skill or ability . 
  i definitely agree with you here . 
  your original comment was just written in a way that could be interpreted in more than one way so that 's why i asked you to elaborate further on it . 
  i also strongly agree with your last sentence about the group , instead of plumbing . 
  but being equal does n't mean being identical . 
  and to be completely fair , women had it very rough for a long time and that 's simply because they are women . 
  it still happens , but same thing happens to men now too . 
  as far as i have experienced it , feminism mostly fights for gender equality by acknowledging the very differences between men and women . 
  but as with every movement every person has their own perspective . 
  you do n't have to apologize , i was just interested in what you think about the topic . 
  i do n't find it that sensitive , i 'm just interested in people and ideas . 
  i hope it 's not too personal a question , but how come you have no interest in relationships/sex ? 
  i 'm not judging , just interested . 
  that 's also interesting that you 're thinking of fostering a child . 
  but i do believe you can do it , even more so if you are independent enough to live alone - seeing as you are not interested in having a partner . 
  i mean , they could be supportive . 
  too bad that they are stuck in loveless marriages . 
  i bet you like playing dark souls . 
   3/10 , would not recommend, 
  so a bit painful and very uncomfortable ? 
  asking because there are three worse stages ( 2/10 - 0/10 ) . 
  and i 'd put 5/10 for average , so 4/10 is uncomfortable - 3/10 is still uncomfortable + a bit painful on my scale of sensations that is . 
  what about a little bit of light misanthropy ? 
  i mean , i do n't generally hate people . 
  i just hate being around them too much . 
   since the beginning of civilization, 
  so how far in the future are we going ? 
  also the wedding singer . 
  that one always cracks me up . 
  eating homework : a guide to the perfectly balanced diet . 
  i made a sarcastic remark about civilization not existing yet . 
  a medical one . 
  he could just sign his name as ( md ) ^ 2 . 
  provided his last name starts with a d as well . 
  a mayor of the city of townsville ? 
  what do you mean starts at an 11 ? 
  what kind of ranking did you use to get those numbers ? 
  so a 1 is something not worth listening to and a 10 is a perfect song ? 
  in that case i disagree , it does not wither into a 7-8 . 
  not what i meant . 
  you can have rankings , but you have to rank based on an attribute . 
  i was wondering what the attribute was . 
  what makes money for nothing 's start so great that it withers away for 3-4 points . 
  that 's quite a drop . 
  do you consider a 7 year old game old ? 
  i have discovered amnesia : the dark descent lately and i ca n't get enough , it 's brilliant . 
  also the s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  series , especially with mods . 
  but to an extent i agree with you , same goes for old movies or old music etc. 
  well sometimes you can get great games that way ( quake collection for example ) . 
  i noticed that in the fallout franchise . 
  i started with fo3 . 
  it 's been hard to play 1 and 2 . 
  they are definitely not bad games , but going from fps to turn based rpg was something i really needed to get used to . 
  i find that 3 and 4 are playable , then go straight to legend . 
  the first one is basically anniversary which is great , second is n't bad , but i skip it usually . 
  if i recall correctly the first movie had infinite shifting . 
  it 's been a long time since i saw the movie , so i might be wrong . 
  made with the power of an ox . 
  the other half stays alive ? 
  so what guantanamo bay is like brennenburg castle ? 
  there 's somebody at the door ... there 's somebody at the door ... 
  well i can understand that , but the stupidity of both of them seemed to run in the family . 
  from denholm trying to talk to a computer , to douglas finding a gun in his drawer and checking if it 's loaded by firing it in his mouth . 
  ay he hit me on the head !, 
  no , you hit him on the head . 
  you naughty moose !, 
   ~ ~ like a beam through the heart . ~ ~, 
  spike through the chest . 
  he made a lot of bad movies , that 's where the phrase straight to dvd comes from . 
  well they had to get rid of all the non-essential characters somehow . 
  what would wash do during the last 20 minutes of the film ? 
  well someone working really really long hours can very much put a strain on someone else doing all the work at home . 
  i mean , i get that it was necessary . 
  but being stuck at home for an indefinite amount of time , with no explanation provided can put a strain on anyone . 
  wait i can spawn an egg in random places ? 
  as long as i can be an outside observer and not in the thing , i 'm ok with it . 
  was this meant as something that made things better ? 
   who cares what kind of unspeakable acts we like to do ? 
  well as long as all parties consent to the unspeakable acts . 
  so am i in hell ? 
  but is not a parable a type of analogy ? 
  i mean it 's within the definition of the word - do not take literally . 
  it 's not about competition . 
  it 's about feeling sorry just because it 's close . 
  i get that it hits us more , because we live here , but we should n't ignore any of the both tragedies ( in this case ) . 
  i mean , we fuck up some countries and then wonder why refugees are fleeing to europe or why radical groups are formed . 
  i 'm not saying any of this is right , but the west is n't innocent either . 
  there is no justification for killing innocent people , yet all sides in this `` conflict '' do so all the time - that was my point . 
   well milk before cereal just does n't make any damn sense . 
  the cereal is just gon na splash in there , make a mess or something . 
  from what height do you drop the cereal into the bowl ? 
  but what if you honestly do n't like 21 pilots or star wars ? 
  ( for the sake of the cases you named ) i mean , the hype that gets created around certain things is often the cause of the negative reaction from other people . 
  it 's not about it being popular , it 's about listening about it all the fucking time . 
  let 's talk about something else please , thanks .
