  also ghost reveries for me . 
  hard to talk to someone i do n't believe in . 
  i 'm sorry , this was n't meant as an attack of your faith , but may have seemed so . 
  i 'm just pissed when someone says that god has a plan - because if what some people experience is a part of his plan , then he is a bit sadistic . 
  and i 'm not talking about things that are done by choice - i know that human free will is our grace and curse . 
  i 'm talking about situations , where you do n't even have a choice . 
  i agree , that 's why i choose not to believe in a god that has such a plan . 
  i see you are very strong in your conviction/faith and i respect that , even though i do n't agree with your view . 
  but anyway , are you a catholic/christian ? 
  i ask because the new pope has started implementing some changes , also including the homosexual community ( i remembered because that 's what you mentioned in your first post ) - he did make a comment that it is not up to him to judge them . 
  my question is - what is your opinion on these changes , that sometimes seem as if they contradict the bible ? 
  edit : i 'm not trolling or trying to bait you into saying something that i would judge - i am genuinely interested . 
  ok , thanks for clearing that up . 
  yes that is why i asked , that must be a difficult dilemma for anyone i imagine . 
  if you truly believe in something and the leaders bring in a radical change , i ca n't imagine that situation . 
  no of course that would n't affect you , that i agree . 
  but if you take the situation and apply it to your religion . 
  when someone belongs to a religion - truly believe in it and have a strong conviction to what it teaches and in time something big changes , i think that would be a dilemma for me . 
  but that 's about all i can say , since i ca n't talk for anyone else . 
  that 's what i meant with the previous post . 
  but since i 'm not really religious , i just wanted to ask you about it , as you seem to truly believe and i am interested in your view of the matter . 
  because you seem to perceive religion so differently than i do , so i am curious . 
  how old are you ? 
  i like the fact you wrote most of us instead of them . 
  i agree . 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the response . 
  even not deliberately . 
  that 's what scares me too . 
  one ca n't tell when a mental problem is going to come up in them or others , even if one has been healthy before . 
  let alone those who are deliberately malicious . 
  but there 's good in this too . 
  you ca n't know what you are capable of when you are put in an extreme situation - it might be that you are capable of something good . 
  `` these are fallen stormwind soldiers '' , doomhammer snarled . 
  death by snu snu ? 
  well my dad died when i was 1 year and one week old . 
  then at about 17-18 my grand-father ( who was my father figure ) died too . 
  both of them could n't be helped and in the case of my father , i am missing someone i will never even know . 
  one might say , it 's easier since i never knew him , but it 's also harder , because i will never know him . 
  there is a big void that no one can fill . 
  sometimes i feel really pissed off about it , but have learned to deal with it . 
  and yes sometimes i feel jealous of complete families - but those are just thoughts , i never let it go further , since it was n't anyone 's fault and i do n't dwell on it . 
  we just never got to be normal . 
  his death also cause my father 's side of the family to be distant . 
  but we are reconnecting lately , which is great . 
  my mother is awesome for raising us , despite of all that happened . 
  but on the other hand it 's very visible that it left her with some unresolved issues . 
  she also went into religion for answers and is very religious , which is a problem , since i am not and we often argue about it . 
  we also grew apart as a family - everyone went to deal with it in his/her own way . 
  i mean if there is trouble , we help each other out , but there is n't a real connection to us . 
  well my sister and i get along , but that 's it . 
  i had to teach myself everything , it made me self-reliant , but i tend to make people feel pushed away , as i am very used to solitude ( and often i prefer to be alone ) . 
  even though that 's the last thing i want . 
  i also had issues as a teenager , tried some stupid shit . 
  but i 'm better now . 
  i used to want to be a soldier . 
  then i wanted to be a sports star . 
  then i wanted to be a rock star . 
  ended up as a programmer . 
  i 'm also trying to be a musician ( not a star , i just love music ) , i really like to translate and if i would n't be in programming , i would be either a vet or a doctor ( those were the real aspirations , but i chose computers ) . 
  so basically fast travel ? 
  that would be a lift . 
  because alcoholism and cirrhosis are n't a real thing . 
  neither is drunk driving . 
  that you have to be religious to be a morally good person . 
  kill myself or go crazy . 
  about ten feet , quite literally . 
  drivers who do n't use their turn signals and wonder why i do n't let them merge . . i 'm not a mind reader !, 
  also drivers that tailgate me and then act all pissed off , if i have to brake swiftly to avoid a crash . 
  like once there was a bus going out of the station so i started braking and the car behind me nearly crashed into me , since he was driving too close . 
  he got all angry when as he was passing me about 20 seconds later . 
  haha so dps is like - boss life bar is up . 
  cast spell . 
  no stand in fire , moron . 
  human baby ? 
  so you could change the baby 's diaper , right ? 
  ca n't have those near the house - the smell is horrible . 
  blame tank anyway . 
  you do n't have to kill anyone that touches your screen . 
  vagina - the final frontier . 
  ^ ( i know , i know it 's star trek ) . 
  well you have to include the time component . 
  at first all blame healer , since dps dies . 
  then healers die due to long battle and low dps - blame tank . 
  add roll your hands on the keyboard and there you go , now you can play a warlock . 
  oh yeah , those dungeons/raids were fun . 
  have n't played for a while now . 
  i might just start again . 
  i 've been playing single player rpg 's lately . 
  i just do n't have the time to raid . 
  when i finish my diploma - then i might continue . 
  yeah but some people are strong enough to be morally good . 
  maybe someone took another path to get to it - like philosophy or observing the outside world . . even trial and error - you do bad , realise it 's bad and you do it no more ( maybe not killing and raping , but that 's how kids learn ) . 
  of course if you are afraid it dispels desires , but some people do n't need that fear in order to be good . 
  making my blood boil just thinking about it . 
  i doubt my brother would write in such a manner , so probably not . 
  i ai n't a priest either . 
  i love it how the mom is saying : `` it 's not funny '' and the person filming it is just laughing . 
  all those `` satanic '' faces ... why does a human face have to be satanic ? 
  i agree about the perfect episode , the one with the clay girl - cause it was a jump scare and the harvest moon freaked me out .
