  should have replied to op , not you , sorry . 
  i like a bit of chaos in my life . 
  you are correct , i have edited my post . 
  i know and i agree . 
  but hey , i ignored the movie beyond that . 
  but there are many aliens on instagram , judging by appearance that is . 
  that was the reason i asked , i wanted to see what he would come up with . 
  i agree it is how you think about it and i have presented my thoughts . 
  i 'm not saying that having money or keeping time makes you a slave , but a lot of time i do feel a slave to both those concepts . 
  i constantly feel a lack of both , that 's why . 
  i agree that there is a lot of pressure about interactions , but there is an image people want to maintain . 
  i think that 's the reason for the anxiety or maybe just the fear of : `` how will others look at me '' . 
  but that 's not what i was talking about . . 
  i do n't really care how others look at me in my private life - if there is ambiguity and they do n't bother to ask - i do n't need them . 
  but at my job i have to have a certain image , otherwise i might lose it . 
  so , yes of course we have that desire for control - in the information age , where we over-share everything ( not everyone , just in general ) , that can be a valid concern . 
  when people purposefully twist words around to make someone seem good or bad , that is a very valid concern . 
  and we do that very often . 
  not really only from my workplace . 
  i felt out of place before , i do n't really open up to many people , i do n't feel like i belong anywhere . 
  at this point i do n't care about belonging . 
  but that 's not something i can afford at my job . 
  maybe it 's the bad experiences from the past that hold me back . 
  it 's not a bad workplace really . 
  well not so weird , i understand that not stressing about it makes you feel more relaxed and confident . 
  i do n't really worry about these things in the everyday life . 
  but before i go to sleep , my mind runs away usually . 
  i 'm sorry , i phrased it badly , english is n't my first language . 
  i meant that i do n't care if i belong at my workplace . 
  we are not meant to be friends , of course it 's better to be , but not necessary as long as we function . 
  yes i understand that not everyone can understand me . 
  but there are very few that do . 
  when i am with those people , i feel what you have written about belonging and yes it is beautiful ( and that was beautifully written ) . 
  i am glad that you found something that helped you and hope you continue to live happily , but i deal with everything in my own way , that is through music - writing , playing , listening to it . 
  and it works , helps a lot and has improved my life for the better . 
  it gave me a reason to live for , outside of anything else . 
  even if i lose everything , no one can take away what i feel making , playing and listening to music . 
  i do agree that we should all be thankful for the good times we have . 
  remember sully when i said , i 'd kill you last ? 
  i lied . 
   as if you could just add a bunch of little numbers together, 
  hey , that 's how my bank account works . 
  i prefer lube . 
  well if the poop does n't match the skin colour of that person , that 's pretty much racist . 
  implying that another race is poop . 
  now the song is in my head . 
  i agree with you . 
  the show is an adaptation and not everything can be the same . 
  but even if there were no books , the show has lost it 's quality and has become terrible . 
  little orcs , booraroom !, 
  but my favorite line of treebeard is : they come with fire , they come with axes . 
  gnawing , biting , breaking , hacking , burning . 
  i disagree . 
  the show has become crap . 
  and not because it 's not like the books . 
  well the red wedding was expected . 
  or something of the sort . 
  not the genocide bit though - but the revenge for screwing them over . 
  he was pretty integral to the plot , i mean besides what you wrote , [ the dragons escaped/were set free . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  bet you did n't know . 
  i hear biggus dickus is quite the actor . 
  you exist because we allow it , you will end because we demand it . 
  sovereign from mass effect . 
  first time i played those three games i did n't really sleep or go anywhere for three to four days for each game . 
  high school was fun . 
  i can hear that one out of the context of me . 
  i never had that dlc , sadly . 
  got to go through most to get the toast . 
  * `` why do i feel so numb ? '', 
  makes sense . 
  what does punk rock as an adjective mean ? 
  not completely soft , but not hard enough ? 
  i find them beautiful . 
  kidnapping is n't consensual , bondage is . 
  i feel that the situation itself was obvious enough . 
  i mean robb took the throne from one of walder 's daughters and in return gave him the brother of the reign of winterfell , while the king in the north marries some random girl ? 
  walder would have to be very stupid not to switch sides at that time . 
  and it was very heavily foreshadowed in the show - reigns of castamere were mentioned through the whole episode and when they started playing the song at the wedding it was very obvious . 
  that explains it . 
  but i feel the last quote is a bit contradictory to the first one , especially because of the person that said it . 
  having musical freedom but choosing to write formulaic songs that sell is n't really doing and playing what you want . 
  yes of course not all are . 
  i meant in general . 
  yeah but i like the fact that a few people seem to be travelling toward daenerys and one of them is done for . 
  i am interested in what happens with the other ones . 
  in jurassic world a woman outran a t-rex while wearing heels . 
  i think most of those problems are n't due to movies and hollywood . 
  the problem is when you start believing movies and tv shows are true or you take it more than entertainment . 
  it 's not hollywood 's fault that the columnist was raised on television . 
  tv is meant for entertainment and if one ca n't separate entertainment from reality , that 's a bit of a problem . 
  everything you read , see , listen to is to some point fiction , because the interpretation of reality is subjective . 
  and if movies would be like reality , no one would watch them . 
  i do agree that movies often simplify and get things wrong , especially regarding stereotypes in any direction ( race , sex etc. ) . 
  but they are n't meant to be boring , it 's an industry that generates money and sometimes artistic masterpieces . 
  art can never be reality , but it 's a good reflection of it . 
  yeah ok , maybe running from an entrance of a building to the sidewalk to catch a cab ... i can get that . 
  ha , well some women never learn how to walk in high heels . 
  wait , why a stripper ? 
  i do n't get it .
