  it 's just that god does stuff on a larger scale . 
  and i think that the difference we have in our perception of god is that you seem to believe that he can directly control every atom in the universe . 
  while i believe that he can not . 
  what you eat is none of his concern and that was a trivial example . 
  i disagree however . 
  in my opinion him being likeable or not does n't make it more or less friendly for me to watch . 
  well yeah according to what god is supposed to be . 
  i do n't believe either . 
  how can we talk about god in another way . 
  should i start every idea i have with `` if he would have existed ? '' . 
  but if we have to talk about god , i have an abstract idea about what he represents . 
  one can have a discussion about fictional characters and still say : `` he/she would do that '' . 
  i read a few books and just made an idea about what that word represents . 
  an abstraction does n't make something real . 
  at least not how you define real . 
  it 's not a matter of believing . 
  but you obviously have an idea about what god is , a representation . 
  how could you define god as someone who knows everything and can stop anything with a snap of his fingers ? 
  if it 's not your own idea , it might belong to someone else . 
  it still is just a reflection of one representation you chose . 
  not every religious person thinks , that god is this super hero who is just looking the other way . 
  not every person in the world believes in god . 
  but if you want to discuss god , you should have an idea about what he represents to you . 
  you ca n't talk about his morality , without at least entertaining a thought about his image . 
  and that thought does n't mean you think he is real . 
  yeah especially if it 's longer songs . 
  you keep on waiting for the best part - you know the part that made the song something really special instead of just very good . 
  but it never comes , since you have the wrong one . 
  you must have one huge garage . 
  they were n't really anti-anything , it was n't that random . 
  they were pro-aryan and anti-everything else . 
  everyone else were either slaves or if not strong enough - dead . 
  no one dies with dignity . 
  even if you are euthanised , there is no dignity in death . 
  it 's the ending of someone 's life , the reasons for it may be noble in some cases , but the event alone is ugly . 
  and they do procreate and give birth often/quite quickly if the conditions are right of course . 
  it 's not like the females carry their babies for 9 months and then have to wait 10 + years for them to develop . 
  rats and hamsters for example do n't even live that long . 
  waste not . 
  it 's a nice spin until i realise that my line of evolution was actually crooked . 
  you know the kind of left at the traffic lights thing . 
  steven wilson - insurgents . 
  i 've listened to the album a lot . 
  then stopped . 
  gave it another spin yesterday and discovered a bunch of great songs . 
  title track being the one that stuck with me the most . 
  `` you are too cynical . 
  focus on positive energy and anything can happen . '', 
  just because i see things my way and acknowledge the good and the bad , that does n't mean i am cynical . 
  and positive energy wo n't take away the bad things that happen to everyone . 
  i have to acknowledge them and deal with it , not blindfold myself . 
  you spelled something wrong . 
  your opinion must be invalid . 
  are you disappointed about not going to the planet or not entering the hole ? 
  started reading this and i thought - this must be some big smoke joke . 
  i guess they put a reference to this poem into the game . 
  attention human , anything you say will be ignored from now on due to your spelling error . 
  even if you have a funny username . 
  with random people or people who choose to participate but have their memory erased ? 
  that 's a good idea . 
  i asked because saw took random people and cube had people that were willing participants who had their memories erased . 
  and that one percent is n't worth being upset about . 
  offtopic :, 
  when you do dracula 's teeth do you go ? 
  two , two teeth , ahaha . 
  three three , teeth , ahaha . 
  i do n't understand what is so awkward . 
  the last time i went to a chemist 's to buy them the cashier asked me what kind do i want , so i asked what do they have . 
  she took me to where the condoms were and showed me all different types ( ribbed , normal , some with dots , different sizes and so on ) . 
  then i told her what i wanted and once i payed , i was out of there . 
  the awkward thing would be only if my gf 's parents or my own parents would be in the same shop at the time . 
  other people were pretty chill about it . 
  but then again , buying condoms shows that you 're getting laid and you 're not being dumb about it ( unless you want a child and are sure your partner does n't have std 's - then you are not being stupid for not using a condom ) . 
  why would that be awkward ? 
  i mean some people genuinely need reminders ( i 'm one of those ) . 
  others think they can get away with it - tell them they ca n't . 
  remind them a few times - about twice a month if there is n't a special circumstance . 
  out of 10 ? 
  thanks . 
  why are you afraid to admit it ? 
  i think morticia and gomez addams have one of the healthiest relationships seen on tv . 
  i do n't want any special last words . 
  i would like to be listening to music as i 'm dying though . 
  put on music and just let me die alone . 
  that would be perfect . 
  what instrument ( s ) do you play ? 
  what kind of music do you play on guitar ? 
  i agree . 
  but lately i find myself gravitating towards games that involve some kind of horror element to it . 
  doom 3 , fallout in general , metro 2033 , stalker . 
  good choice . 
  everyone starts by mutilating their favourites though . 
  how long are you learning to play ? 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  i can see that going for banjo/mandolin/guitar . 
  but piano and drums are whole new concepts of playing opposite the guitar . 
  i 've been having problems trying to learn the piano . 
  i started with learning guitar . 
  well that 's definitely better than nothing . 
  i 'm self taught as well .
