  there 's wealth in the bank but there 's nothing to show inside . 
  in a special place that i call my life, 
  the father was cruel and he lost his wife . 
  but i do n't see either cos i live across the street . 
  it 's a beautiful thing when it starts to rain ,, 
  a man who drinks just to drown the pain, 
  and i ca n't stop from dreaming there 's something else . 
  blackfield - cloudy now, 
  edit : formatting . 
  what does all stand for ? 
  similar as how the cat and the little kid zombie are the only good things about pet sematary . 
  i mean they take away jud 's main motivation . 
  i wish i came here to say this . 
  h. p. lovecraft , aleister crowley , marcus aurelius , caligula , diogenes , jesus , cleopatra , nietzche , tolkien , chuck schuldiner , peter steele , oppenheimer , einstein , syd barret , nikola tesla , genghis khan , siddharta gautama , graham chapman , my dad . 
  i feel like the list can go on and on , i would love to meet as many as i can , just so i could converse with them and get different ideas from everyone . 
  i 'm very interested in their views of the world and their ideas . 
  basically genocide , because i agreed with the sentient machines they created . 
  expected my girlfriend to still be with me , i was completely surprised when she killed herself . 
  moved on to another hot alien in the same part of the game . 
  then blew up half of the galaxy . 
  edit : thought of another one , two words : white phosphorous . 
  no , my first gameplay . 
  i did n't know that some missions were timed - lost half resources , therefore blew up half the galaxy . 
  i side with the geth every time , just because the quarians are being stubborn fools . 
  i ca n't bring myself to let legion die that way . 
  and liara 's romance was triggered by accident . 
  i just wanted to see where it would lead . 
  my second run was way better . 
  completely paragon , besides garrus 's missions . 
  i just ca n't say no to him . 
  third one was renegade . 
  but i could n't bring myself to kill mordin , so it was n't really worse than choosing morinth over samara in the second part . 
  or just mod the game and kill the children too . 
  well it is a life simulator , why not make it interesting ? 
  you do n't deserve to !, 
  in all seriousness , i think you are going to be able to do so soon . 
  i meant as a guy . 
  because that 's the only gender i have experience with . 
  with women , that 's completely different . 
  because the initial post was regarding the `` boys do n't cry thing '' . 
  i think that as a guy you can cry in public when something really bad happens , when not then just hold it in and wait until you are in a private setting . 
  there are definitely exceptions too ( like sensitive men or something ) . 
  but exceptions always get judged . 
  my gf and i have a shower that is n't too big an whenever she went out of the shower she had to go past me and i would always rub her butt with mine , if i was fast enough . 
  at first she was like : `` what the fuck was that ? '', 
  now it 's like a game we play . 
  play anaal nathrakh while playing hide and go seek . 
  is that your favourite song on the citadel ? 
  i would recommend cynic , all their albums . 
  i think gojira is fine live , but their albums are getting very recycled . 
  at least the last three . 
  some girls feel ashamed/uncomfortable . 
  source : my gf . 
  i have suggested it and she just gave me a weird look . 
  my guitar equipment . 
  i do n't mean my amp or the actual guitar , they might take those . 
  i 'm thinking strings and picks . 
  i would have to drive half an hour out of my way to get to the store for five minutes , buy the gear and back for half an hour to get back . 
  not to mention that , i would probably notice this only after i got home when it 's usually time to relax by playing some guitar or learn a new song . 
  i 'd be positively miffed . 
  playing the lost vikings with my siblings . 
  there are three vikings so each of us could control his/her own . 
  when it was around 23:30 , we gathered in the kitchen , counted down , celebrated a bit and then had to go to sleep , since i was too young to stay up too late . 
  korn - get up !, 
  edit : porcupine tree - anesthetize , russia on ice . 
  these two are better if you are driving at night . 
  the first real kiss was one of the best events in my life . 
  we were at a concert of our at the time favourite band - 4 concerts of the same band in a year . 
  this was the second one and it was near the end when they sung a more romantic song . 
  we just embraced and started kissing . 
  i really liked it . 
  too bad that one week later we broke up . 
  we just figured out we were n't good for each other . 
  but that first kiss/make out session was the best . 
  that depends on how you define god . 
  i believe that there are more powerful things out there . 
  be it another dimension or just outer space in the same dimensions we know . 
  my problem with god 's representation in most organisations is , that they try to personify the being . 
  and that 's missing the whole point of god . 
  a god is something we can not comprehend . 
  i prefer that we let our imaginations run away with us regarding such abstract beings . 
  how else do people eat cereal ? 
  i jumped off a really high cliff ... in skyrim . 
  damn near died too , luckily i hit the water below , instead of rocks . 
  but where 's the fun in that ? 
  no submerging of cereal with my spoon ... the result is pretty much the same . 
  uncle scar ? 
  interesting . 
  i 'm quite the opposite . 
  i put milk in first so then i decide how much cereal can go in , since as you wrote : crunchy cereal is yuck . 
  and if there is n't enough in the bowl i.e. 
  some milk remains , add more cereal . 
  i usually make too much , so that 's not a problem . 
  but yeah you have to get used to how much milk you put in that is true . 
  that 's easy , do n't wash the bowl . 
  you will send me messages from the hospital , how nice :d, 
  should n't that be the other way around ? 
  at least it 's just that one year , instead of on the 66/6 - that could happen any year !, 
  maybe time escaped his personal space . 
  when they ask if you are identical , stand next to your sister and ask them what do they think .
