  my mom said so , it has to be true !, 
  but how ca n't our eyes be real if mirrors are real ? 
  when my girlfriend made it for the first time - she makes some great potato salad . 
  but when will you have time to shoot and loot ? 
  yeah both of them with the good ending though . 
  i just love the atmosphere . 
  probably going to replay them soon . 
  my second pick is s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  : shadow of chernobyl . 
  again because of the atmosphere . 
  just hold your breath for ten minutes , you 'll be better . 
  man , this person cries a lot . 
  i find it too romanticised . 
  i am more moved by most of anything else in the movie leading up to that point . 
  how they present their happy life as they have it taken away from them . 
  and how others betray them . 
  that 's what everyone that ever got cancer has in common . 
  they were all alive at some point . 
  my experiences and my reaction to them is what defines me . 
  i do n't care about my past self . 
  what matters is who i am now and how will i change myself for the better . 
  sure it 's hard , but i do n't want to dwell on the past too much . 
  that 's the way to madness , which i tread upon for too long . 
  that 's hard to sing . 
  i can see how decoding her farts might be a problem . 
  she subconsciously bites her nails . 
  and every time she bites there 's the soul piercing sound that makes me twitch and after a while i ask her to stop . 
  if she does n't i jokingly join in and tell her that i 'm hungry too . 
  had a good laugh over that one . 
  i did n't . 
  when they are still in the hospital and alive it 's all about them , at least from my perspective . 
  now it depends on the diagnosis . 
  my mom had something wrong with her stomach so she was in a hospital , but it was n't terminal , so we would visit her , but it was pretty much relaxed . 
  if there 's a terminal diagnosis , i just try to visit as often as i can and if nothing else at least talk . 
  bring them something . 
  i 'll have plenty of time to grieve after their death . 
  what i wanted to avoid was any predictions or making a drama out of everything - for their sake . 
  always tried to suppress those kind of ideas and feelings . 
  if you are helpless - try not to worry too much about it and keep yourself busy . 
  if you can do something about it - do it . 
  it 's all the humping . 
  lie by omission . 
  and one does n't need to be depressed in order to be sad . 
  even if for a few months . 
  i do n't have a mental illness . 
  but that does n't mean i ca n't be sad for a few months . 
  i always like to growl to this song :, 
  [ rawwr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihx2y5caree ), 
  i agree - even though i still watch it but it 's mostly for mischa collins and mark e. sheppard . 
  whenever they 're on the scene there 's bound to be something good . 
  the sam/dean relationship is really always the same in every season . 
  edit : and the episodes that include charlie . 
  it 's a bit of a different pace usually . 
  agalloch - this old cabin . 
  not really mature , but my childhood was n't as carefree any more after these events . 
  first : my dad died when i was 1 year old , so i never really understood the concept of having a dad , but when mom explained it to me , i felt angry and as if a great injustice was done to me . 
  still feel like that sometimes but not as often . 
  i do n't know how old i was when i asked where my daddy is but it was somewhere in elementary school . 
  second : my aunt killed herself - no one knows why . 
  but me being the inquisitive little kid ( about 10 years old ) was asking about what suicide is , since it was mentioned so much , so again my mom had to explain it to me . 
  i did n't fully get it then , but still it shocked me how a person can just do that . 
  yes they have . 
  but if i see them again , it might get back to worse . 
  they both provided so much stress to my life ( and i let them ) that at one point i considered ending my life . 
  i was a dumb teenager with my own problems at the time , but then decided to ditch them and things are way better than before . 
  it means dyslexia right ? 
  i like loot too . 
  pros : the last text was to my girlfriend , luckily i have n't responded to my sister 's text yet . 
  cons : there are none . 
  so it 's like returning to your roots . 
  diverse . 
  but depends on the pet . 
  i like to feed my rats a bit of vegetables and fruit along with the pet food i buy in stores and some meat every now and then . 
  they also love pasta . 
  but if you add spices or any of those kind of modifiers of taste , you have to be careful . 
  things are quickly too salty/sour/sweet for them , since they are smaller and you have to scale ingredients appropriately . 
  all the things i have yet to experience , be they good or bad , even though i prefer good of course . 
  if i feel a big one coming up - grab a book and just sit on the toilet until i 'm done . 
  i lately try not to force it , since i 've been doing it too much and it actually hurt a bit . 
  only force if you really need to . 
  then wipe my ass until it 's clean and flush . 
  if anything remains - like parts of shit in the toilet bowl - clean it up - flush again . 
  open a window . 
  leave the room . 
  does n't break my arms properly . 
  i mostly frequent this sub , so depends on the question . 
  sometimes i just want to joke , other times i want to discuss a serious issue . 
  billie holiday . 
  that 's what stop sings are for . 
  so for a good life you need perfect little girls ? 
  sometimes i aim and fire and then get the double/triple stream thing . 
  then it just goes everywhere . 
  a few people would n't mind , they know just how crazy i am . 
  my family would n't take it well . 
  what 's up op ? 
  brain in a vat , which is a variation of this hypothesis is equally as scary to me . 
  sounds interesting , i will definitely read up on it . 
  maybe have a dictionary nearby as well . 
  too repetitive . 
  you hear it three times and you heard the chorus so many times .
