  what does that even mean that a movie insists upon itself ? 
  yes , that is the scene . 
  hm , never seen sliders , but i have seen kari wuhrer in red alert 2 . 
  man she made a hot tanya . 
  there 's somebody at the door ... there 's somebody at the door ... there 's somebody at the door . 
  well yeah , those guys could get the crabs right around the corner . 
  i live in my world so much , that i forget the `` real '' world . 
  i basically isolated myself to the point that i 'm not sure if i have any real friends , beside my girlfriend . 
  i overanalyze most things and that sometimes leads to a lot of paranoia if i get stuck in a negative loop . 
  i have a great memory , which is super when i remember good things , but once the bad stuff starts flowing - those nights can be hard . 
  i also carry with me quite a bit of baggage from my childhood , problems i still have n't dealt with - not sure how to do that , but i do n't open myself to just anyone , which sometimes creates a feeling of me distancing myself , so i do n't make friends easy . 
  well she is very patient with me . 
  most people are n't . 
  never said i was completely fucked up , but there are definitely things that are wrong with me . 
  still does n't mean there ca n't be things wrong with me . 
  but for tim mcinnerny also watch blackadder seasons 1 and 2 . 
  he is brilliant in season 4 as well . 
  that episode is just so funny right up until that moment . 
  no foreshadowing , just a kick in the feels in the end . 
  fastest comedy to tragedy transition . 
  i do n't . 
  the twilight zone was scary and spooky sometimes , but also had very comforting endings sometimes . 
  black mirror 's tone is just plain creepy in general . 
  no happy endings . 
  is the break fast thing meant as in you do n't eat after a certain hour in the evening and you break that once you get up ? 
  because the way i eat the fast part is pretty much meaningless . 
  it 's just morning eating ritual as opposed to the one at night . 
  i started with picking a song and learning how to play it . 
  of course start with an easy one . 
  do n't just jump into cynic or b.b.king or something like that . 
  also started with chords for songs and when i knew a few songs only by chords then started learning riffs too . 
  depends on what you like to play . 
  edit : this also helps to keep my music taste a bit more diverse . 
  i do n't want to play the same thing over and over again , so i 'm constantly searching for new kinds of songs to play . 
  once i feel that i have learned as much as i want to of a certain style . 
  so how is your settlement ? 
  out of the loop on this one . 
  care to explain ? 
  edit : also , sorry to hear that . 
  [ dances in indian ], 
  there goes my meal . 
  my so did that to me . 
  said we need to talk but she had to go quickly . 
  then when she came back it was just to organize ourselves about a trip we were taking . 
  but no my mind had to jump to : `` holy shit she 's gon na dump me for something and i do n't even know what i did . '', 
  followed by remembering everything wrong i did and considering which one of those was the deal breaker . 
  ah , have n't played fallout 4 yet . 
  do you have to help him ? 
  i mean , does it hold up the storyline if you do n't ? 
  or is it more like skyrim with the bounty on bandits ? 
  yeah i do n't mess around either . 
  but had some pretty bad experience with girls - the first few left me for a very trivial reason . 
  so i had it in my mind that it 's worse than it actually was . 
  had to learn to not jump to conclusions too fast . 
  she did n't do it deliberately it was just that she had to go very quickly . 
  i told her and she laughed . 
  it 's better now . 
  i just had some issues at the time . 
  and it was a new relationship . 
  i think he is , just pronounce it differently . 
  well it was serious for him . 
  but yeah not telling you like that was a bit harsh . 
  but then again if he would start , you would have had the conversation that night . 
  at least by my experience . 
  gladiator is too similar to pirates , but i think the gladiator is the better one . 
  all three have great music . 
  we are talking about hell are n't we ? 
  that would be hell for me ... worst thing you can imagine . 
  the art of conversing without being offended . 
  the courage of entertaining a thought that they might not agree with . 
  i think that would lead to a lot of civility among people . 
  music - playing , writing and listening to it . 
  life would be empty without it . 
  i ca n't wait for my girlfriend to come back home , i feel very lonely lately . 
  in my opinion she is n't a villain . 
  more like the antithesis to the main hero who starts as a hero and slowly becomes an anti-hero and then in the end a villain . 
  devin townsend has a pretty great vocal range too . 
  kate beckinsale since i saw her in pearl harbor . 
  i was about 13/14 at the time . 
  she still is one of the most beautiful celebrities to me . 
  be kind and loving . 
  if you have kids , spend time with them , raise them well , so they can also make changes once they are old enough . 
  try not to be an asshole to people , even on those rough days . 
  do n't take advantage of people and only use force if you really , really have to . 
  i think that would solve a lot of our problems and could help us focus on other issues . 
  even though that 's an insane ultimatum ( you most certianlly can have both ) . 
  i would go crazy without music and would make two or more lives worse then . 
  so i choose music . 
  but being with someone you love , be it cuddling , sex or just hanging out is also very much better with music . 
  i mean , not that we must listen to it all the time . 
  but there are times when we both do n't have to speak to enjoy each other 's company - add music to those times and you have the best thing ever . 
  so , not hell ? 
  because that 's hell to me . 
  departer - katatonia . 
  even the month they mention has relevance to my life . 
  it 's a thread about hell , what did you expect ? 
  tear has two meanings in english based on the pronounciation . 
  one is when you cry - tears . 
  you can also tear someone a new one . 
  which is the double meaning i was going for .
