  that 's a good way to handle the situation . 
  he is an electrician . 
  something important to remember is that they alone identify themselves as radical members of a certain group . 
  while the group itself does n't consider them a part of the group . 
  that goes double for religion as you ca n't say you terrorize people in the name of a certain religion , that has rules that forbid you doing that . 
  but quentyn released the dragons . 
  why does everyone forget that ? 
  i do n't mind changes from the series and the books . 
  there are some things that the book handled better - because more people can be included and longer inner monologues . 
  and some things the show handled better - as in it was well summed up and not presented at a too slow a pace , because some of the stuff written in the books are good only if you are really interested . 
  if you watch the show because you do n't care , that would make sense . 
  in saying that , i like changes if they make sense or a good plot . 
  my problem with season 5 and even before a bit is how badly some things were handeld ( bad poosay being one of such bad changes ) . 
  a bit of an overreaction ? 
  so a group of female dragons is a war of hoes . 
  legless lego legolass of legoland :d, 
  was it the first part where they found elvish swords ? 
  because that was an important detail . 
  in the book thorin was excited to see such historical daggers and swords . 
  in the movie he 's like - oh look kickass swords , oh wait they are elven , we sha n't take this garbage even though it 's better than anything we have right now . 
  it 's as if dwarves and elves are little children bickering amongst each other . 
  but dragons are free , how is that not important ? 
  his fwiends fwom wome . 
  and if they get ahead too much they look back and wait for you . 
  if you get ahead too much - they do the same thing . 
  not sure if that was skyrim , but if i remember correctly oblivion did that . 
  haha health and ammo atm :d, 
  booker catch !, 
  gta iii until gta : sa really . 
  but with many more things avaliable in sa ( like airplanes ) , the cheat code possibilities are endless , i agree . 
  screw scorpions in fallout , fucking casadores in fallout : nv . 
  every time i see them yellow wings i just nope the fuck on out of there . 
  that reminds me , i have n't seen it in about half a year , got to do it again soon . 
  dead - well i can live with that . 
  i 'm sure there would be plenty of fluids around me - i was scratching my head as i read the title . 
  i would just give myself an envelope with the things i learned - since i would be 6 years old and told myself to read it when i am 14 . 
  but the younger me would probably open it right there and read it but still save it for later . 
  resolving the underlying problem would be priority one - that is stop both sides from funding the war . 
  maybe confiscate those funds and put them into rebuilding the country or shelters for all the migrants/refugees . 
  tony stark would upgrade your whole house not just a toaster :d, 
  for me it 's the ghost of you or something like that . 
  my dad died , before i was old enough to remember anything about him . 
  now i miss this person i do n't even know . 
  do n't be sorry for me , the universe is random and we ca n't control what happens to us . 
  it was n't anything deliberate from anyone , just a very unfortunate car accident . 
  edit : it 's just weird to know something is missing from your life , that others deem a very big part ( usually ) of it , but you do n't know what it is . 
  if anyone had it really bad it was my mom . 
  imagination . 
  you wan na dance ? 
  so they can add him to the fap list ? 
  are we human or are we dancer , if i recall correctly . 
  to be fair , i 'd prefer some toast to seeing a ghost too . 
  which song is that ? 
  if i was in a club or at a performance and that 's how a song would start , i can safely say i would be laughing for probably the whole song . 
  but when you take into account that it was done because of a dispute with ( i do n't know whom ) and she said that she is way more popular than the other person and that she could make any song and it would be more popular than the other one 's . 
  and to be fair she was right . 
  the audience loved the song , or loved to hate it - it became popular and pretty much anyone who heard of nicki , has heard of this song . 
  does n't make the song better - but more a reflection of the public than her as an artist . 
  if he 's happy being only with her , he is n't missing out on anything . 
  lack of interest on her side . 
  and she is n't a bad person in general - has flaws , has upsides as any human being . 
  but she just dumped me out of nowhere . 
  although the breaking up was crap - over the internet and did n't even tell me honestly . 
  i would have valued a live conversation and honesty . 
  but that 's one of the faults i noticed - she does n't like confrontations . 
  on the other hand , if was n't with her and she would n't have dumped me i would not have a 6 year happy relationship i am currently in , because it 's with a girl i met while i was dating her , but we did n't have much contact until about 5 months after the break up . 
  we can not tell that , because we are trapped within it . 
  we would need an observer from the outside of the simulation to notify us . 
  well he did n't lie , this song is feces . 
  i bought a bunch of groceries . 
  can i use them together ? 
  i might as well swing the bag around or something . 
  mostly music and reading at the same time . 
  if there are people i know on the bus/train , then we talk . 
  sometimes nap . 
  hold my beer . 
  paper - all kinds of it . 
  the wicker man . 
  i mean in the original you have a lot of great dialogue between the late sir christopher lee and edward woodward . 
  the remake has nicholas cage punching girls asking how 'd it get burned and yelling about the goddamn bees . 
  they remade an introspective movie about religion and deceit into nicholas cage going ape shit . 
  i mean it 's fun to watch , but the original is perfect and does n't need a remake , ever . 
  no , i meant it as printing , toilet , paper towels etc. 
  if it 's not already paper , it gets to stay . 
  taunting , you sons of a window dresser . 
  now go away or i shall taunt you a second time . 
  very well , i 've spent most of my time with me . 
  alien after listening to nr . 
  1 : holy shit these humans are interesting . 
  after nr .2 : ack ack ack ack ack !, 
  1 +1 = 0 in binary . 
  and what would you do with the remaining 50 seconds ? 
  not if you ignore the carry flag . 
  if someone would have raped and murdered my family , their reddit account would be the last thing they would have to worry about . 
  the horror , the horror ... 
  requiem for a pizza . 
  ass to ass pizza . 
  no it is n't . 
  if you show how addition works and ignore the addition , you 've done nothing . 
  i know that and why is it wrong if i used an example using the technological implementation of the binary system ?
