  he then used this bit in his first special . 
  and if you look at his specials in a chronological order you can see how swearing has become more acceptable . 
  he started easy and in the first special there was even a warning about the rude language that was about to be said in the last bit - the seven dirty words part . 
  second show - no more warning . 
  he did do a bit about the fcc regulating speech , but that was about pc and he did n't mention swearing from then on as i guess it became acceptable . 
  i do n't fear my own mortality . 
  i have pretty much accepted that i will have to die one day . 
  but mortality of the ones i love terrifies me . 
  also the path to death is something i fear , i do n't like pain . 
  and there is n't a dignifying death . 
  it 's never beautiful , you ca n't go out with style or something like that - it 's always an ugly thing in the end . 
  i can imagine if kill starts playing it would wake me up quite quickly . 
  but i have fallen asleep listening to obscura 's anti-cosmic overload , so maybe i would n't wake up . 
  true , but i have no problem sleeping through just about anything . 
  i 'll have to conduct an experiment for this , maybe this weekend . 
  hollywood . 
  facepalmed and now everyone in my office thinks , i did something wrong . 
  excuse my ignorance but what do you mean by cis ? 
  world of warcraft . 
  try to have all achievements on all types of characters . 
  would probably take me a while . 
  plus new content every now and then . 
  til i am cis , i think . 
  edit : thanks for explaining/providing link . 
  joining the train - regardless of the route it will take . 
  one should also expect honking from behind when letting someone ahead . 
  a good thing is , when they are done speaking to respond with a question . 
  that really shows them , that you have listened to what they have said . 
  also cheryl , crystal whatever her name is . 
  no , that 's just my normal facial expression . 
  and one only looks away for five seconds . 
  oh yeah , i like the longer variations he does live . 
  decapitated - post ( ? 
  ) organic . 
  ha , great both questions question my mental capability . 
  no that 's not it keep guessing . 
  from behind like a slave or would you want to watch him do it ? 
  fucking jamie , making cersei so jealous that she kills me gone girl style . 
  ^ danger ^ zone, 
  opeth - ghost reveries, 
  porcupine tree - fear of a blank planet, 
  devin townsend project - z ^ 2, 
  you dropped this \\, 
  the twilight zone and courage the cowardly dog . 
  nails hammered . 
  first i 'll overthrow this fool and then i shall have all the snacks in the world/this room . 
  cynic - king of those who know, 
  oh my , thanks for doing this , you are one of my favorite bands . 
  do you have any plans to return to slovenia ? 
  ca n't wait to see you again and hear the new album live !, 
  haha :d, 
  it would be great to see you again . 
  even though i preferred your concert in ljubljana as you played a longer set . 
  at metaldays you had just a few songs and it 's not that i do n't like ihsahn 's music , but i would always like to hear more of your own music . 
  the happening , where nothing really happened ? 
  you should watch mortal kombat , it 's way better . 
  stay away from mk : annihilation though . 
  lactose in large quantities . 
  a little milk does n't have any effect . 
  then it varies from being gassy to not being able to eat for a few days . 
  hm , is that a movie about really chill zombies that go around saying : braaaiiins duuude ? 
  or perhaps a movie about zombies that really like pots ? 
  write a good song . 
  self-reflection . 
  know your limits so when you are placed in an extreme situation you know what you are capable of and base your response according to that . 
  and also be aware of your mental and physical state . 
  by your logic , how are the disabled equal ? 
  i mean for example : you have two legs that you can use to walk the extra distance . 
  someone has a broken leg and has to use crutches to move around , how is that equal ? 
  i am not judging you , just want to know your opinion . 
  i always rationalize to myself why i am worthless . 
  ok , i understand this part . 
  follow up question : what about people born with disabilities ? 
  ok , thanks for explaining . 
  most movies . 
  people tend to talk during movies , i want to enjoy the movie , but if there is more than one person watching a movie the other one is bound to talk and i hate that . 
  if a movie is bad enough i would n't mind , but if i really like a movie i do n't want distractions . 
  i had tried suicide , made it only to self harm , got a scar now to remind me . 
  when i was doing it , i thought to myself : `` what the hell am i doing ? '', 
  and i promised myself i would never again let that happen . 
  it was a lot of the circumstances and my very stupid reaction to it . 
  i let other people take advantage of me and that was the factor that made me sad the most . 
  i vowed that it will never happen again and until now it has n't . 
  i really got so far that it changed me as a person and feel better now . 
  we will see what the future brings , but for now i am truly happy and fortunate since i took dealing with problems from self-destruction to facing them and resolving my issues . 
  yes this is exactly what i had in mind . 
  especially if there is something personal you connect with the movie . 
  but i have to say watching the fountain , the road and seven pounds with my girlfriend was awesome . 
  she also got immersed in those movies and we both just watched silently . 
  while watching an action movie with her is n't ok , since she gets bored during fights and shooting . 
  to be fair i groan at corny movies , so we both distract each other sometimes :d, 
  i was lucky enough to find a person that does n't fall under that rule , well not always anyway . 
  normaly talk you do , awkward not you be hmmm . 
  just ask mordin solus . 
  more fun ? 
  every time he uses his incineration during gameplay he goes : `` flammable or inflammable , forget which , does n't matter '' . 
  how are your brother bigus dickus and his wife incotinentia buttocks ? 
  no dialogue whatsoever . 
  so you get a bunch of people who can drill just about anything , floating around space and doing crazy shit . 
  would n't be too bad .
