  it 's where i meet it most and sometimes ignoring the carry flag is a valid choice . 
  alcohol smells bad too - broken bottles can cut you and yeah it kills as well . 
  yet few people have a problem with it . 
  what makes people so uncomfortable about breasts ? 
  but the system in which i use it does have the carry flag and that 's where i took my case from . 
  maybe i should have specified that in my first post . 
  does n't the meter change very often in that song ? 
  a bit of opeth 's the grand conjuration is in 7/4 . 
  i ignored a product of the operation , which is a valid thing sometimes in computer programming . 
  i never ignored the whole operation , just a by product of that operation . 
  you ca n't just ignore the whole thing - in that case anyone can disagree with anything . 
  but taken in context as in the case of breastfeeding it 's actually very necessary for the baby to feed , rather than the context of seduction . 
  i could understand that in public it would be controversial for a woman to rub her nipples/breasts trying to be seductive . 
  while a baby sucking on a breast is nothing to be aroused about . 
  tl ; dr : i understand the prudishness part , but the prurience escapes me , given the context . 
  i find this very sad . 
  in flames - soundtrack to your escape . 
  bought the t-shirt too . 
  and smoking is n't ? 
  neither is drinking . 
  that i can get lost in my own world and forget a lot of things in the real world , which can lead to make my partner feel lonely sometimes . 
  and yeah it 's true . 
  do n't get me wrong i enjoy smoking and drinking - occasionally . 
  and i can understand people getting addicted to it . 
  what i wanted to point out was that both can be very bad , yet smoking is always condemned , while drinking is often encouraged - at least where i 'm from . 
  because i sweat in bed . 
  could you elaborate as to why you prefer trump over hillary ? 
  just do n't step on it . 
  i agree with that . 
  but smoking in moderation also would n't be a problem . 
  and i 'm not saying one is `` better '' than the other . 
  i just do n't like the fact that smoking is not acceptable and drinking is . 
  in moderation i find both acceptable , in extreme - neither is . 
  i chuckled at mini-reaper . 
  i do agree with you . 
  but the mental image of a mini reaper was funny . 
  i know it is n't and i did n't mean to make it sound like that . 
  and yes i do agree that broken bottles are not as present as cigarette butts are . 
  i just do n't like it how cigarettes are condemned , while alcohol is also a problem and is actually encouraged where i am from , that 's why it bothers me a bit more . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  what is happening faster ? 
   we 're all faceless indivuduals !, 
  i 'm not . 
  i was referencing life of brian where someone ad libbed a line . 
  a crowd is yelling - we are all individuals and right at the end of the scene someone says : `` i 'm not . '', 
  can confirm , have hit end instead of snooze many times in high school . 
  was worth it however . 
  or poisonous and poisoned . 
  that i do n't know my father . 
  i mean whenever i meet someone there will come a time where the topic of parents is discussed and i will be asked about this . 
  i do n't have a problem talking about it as it has been a long time since he died , but it always kills the mood and makes the conversation awkward . 
  and i 'm not judging the way people react - some really do n't know what to say , are shocked as they do n't imagine that . 
  but the worst part is that some people begin to pity me . 
  that 's not what i want/need . 
  actually that 's the last thing i want . 
  i can function without him and yes it shows sometimes and of course it affects me , but let 's not let it affect the way you treat me , thank you . 
  also that i 'm not depressed/violent/a satanist because i like to listen to metal and play video games . 
  just print the damn thing !, 
  you mean : taptaptaptaptaptaptaptaptaptaptap hit return key beep boop boop ... we 're in . 
  mawp mawp mawp mawp . 
  decapitated - post ( ? 
  ) organic, 
  and the entire piper at the gates of dawn by pink floyd . 
  could you explain why ? 
  never sitting next to and talking to a girl on the bus home from school . 
  it lead to a year and a half of hell . 
  but at least i was n't dumb enough to date her so that 's a good thing . 
  fair enough . 
  my life will end with death . 
  first day of new year of school . 
  since it was a double post , do i get two upvotes ? 
  well you can flip the coin and find out . 
  10 ways to fail at life , number 6 will take away your will to live . 
  hahah , that would make a great parody :d, 
  license and registration , chicken-fucker . 
  bokaaaaaaawk !, 
  you should go to the gym more often . 
  you just said you are n't slender ... ( i was making a joke - a bit of wordplay :d ), 
  can i at least take my coat ? 
  late to the party , but i would like to add :, 
  isis - backlit, 
  cult of luna - ghost trail, 
  thula borah - violence is forever, 
  if these trees could talk - red forest, 
  edit : forgot anathema - sunlight . 
  in my case i 'm all for it , but my gf is n't . 
  she just does n't like having sex while she is on her period . 
  not the kind of music i like to play :d, 
  the fact that i will never know my father as he died too soon for me to remember him - others usually start talking about family and only if i have to i start to talk about it , as it usually leads to an awkward conversation . 
  unless someone else talks about a similar situation and i try to offer sympathy . 
  that i tried once to end my life and i still struggle with finding a purpose . 
  it 's never once been close to that again , since at the time i was in a really bad position , which i got out of and have changed as a person . 
  some fetishes/kinks . 
  arranging and analysing data , what would be the equivalent ? 
  civil war . 
  i think this one was pointed out by george carlin at one point . 
  yeah you are right . 
  sitting on my ass and writing text 8 hours a day , pretty much covers it . 
  i have a wife you know . 
  i 'm glad my bro brutus has my back on this journey .
