  i do n't know , the way those ancient japanese people played hockey was hilarious . 
  not to mention the main bad guy - stuck up sarcastic english man . 
  if you 're the target audience it 's a very funny movie . 
  why not ? 
  care to argument your opinion ? 
  pizza ohhellno . 
  i remember asking why and still you provide the same answer as the one i asked has written . 
  why did you not like it ? 
  what made it seem shite to you ? 
  what 's yer offer ? 
  besides the stereotypes i would like to add , that the story is mostly about relationships . 
  as the nth sitcom to do that it does n't handle it well and basically does the same jokes and situations that were already done to death . 
  when all the show has going on is who is with whom and will they wo n't they , i do n't know ... that was done a billion times already . 
  i would prefer to watch re runs of friends , than tbbt . 
  and even though in friends the characters are very stereotypical , i find the jokes are a lot better . 
  and maybe they come from more different backgrounds and so the show is making fun of different types of people instead of just targeting one specific group . 
  how is it victimless ? 
  i like how they make fun of this one in 3rd rock from the sun . 
  as dick solomon reads the opening and exclaims : `` i 'm not reading three-hundred and eighty-seven pages if he ca n't make up his mind in the first sentence ! '', 
  oh man weekend nachos and wormrot are soon having a concert here , i ca n't wait !, 
  same woman falling out of every possible type of vehicle . 
  how is this one , one of the worst movies ? 
  i like the fact that scrubs frequently use music to cut in between jokes/situations . 
  it 's still a sitcom with some sad parts , but it just handles transitions very well . 
  similar to the office , which also does n't use laugh tracks , but jumps from jokes acted with multiple people to jokes that show individuals ( mostly ) talking to the camera . 
  i think community also did something similar . 
  oh , yeah that makes sense . 
  i 'd probably have the same , but the comedian should be the main act at my funeral . 
  i 'll get the ice cream truck . 
   assault weapons . 
  which assault weapon is your favourite on the citadel , shepard ? 
  til miranda is just wallpaper . 
  in our capital city of ljubljana , going to be a small club show . 
  but not at once . 
  i would want to be submissive with lana and dominating with whatshername . 
  pam ... just some freaky shit probably . 
  i 'm not up to speed with the simpsons references it seems . 
  yeah pierce brosnan 's acting was indeed horrible in that movie . 
  i would settle to choking the air out of her , but whatever floats your boat . 
  but where is the sarcasm sign ?!, 
  a bunch of known actors/actresses were in that , 
  i am a great magician - your clothes are red !, 
  whear is ze mikrofilm ? 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  one panties to rule them all and in the darkness bind them . 
  sounds like a porno to me . 
  did you mine her ? 
  yeah , radicals should be locked up . 
  1 % sounds like sickness , ow ah ah ah ah . 
  you can pick your friends and you can pick your nose , but you ca n't pick your friends nose . 
  depends on the size of the cup . 
  i hate to sound like an ex , but damn i need some space ( s ) . 
  pinky toe - useful for stubbing and that 's it . 
  lovecraft 's stories . 
  going once , going twice ... sold ? 
  postal 2 : it was all a fantasy you made up , since you 're too cowardly to really stand up for yourself , so you construct weird scenarios in your head to not go insane , but you 're already insane , who thinks up shit like this . 
  i do n't care . 
  would take the chance to go into space , even if i die . 
  exactly . 
  i would love to see space up close . 
  maybe my family would be a bit miffed , but i 've always wanted to go into space and if i ever get the chance , i 'm taking it . 
  all three matrix movies . 
  ok , i shave everywhere but legs and arms every month or two and have never had this problem . 
  the only thing that happens every now and then is that some farts feel worse than they really are . 
  i mean sometimes i wonder if i shit myself , but i have n't , just shaved . 
  well ignorance is bliss . 
  but i think god just wanted adam and eve to trust him . 
  when you have full trust into someone and they provide for you - what else would you be but happy . 
  once you see how it 's provided for you , is when you usually `` grow up '' and ca n't be blissful any more . 
  imagine , when you were a child and did n't know how it happened that there was food on the table a roof over your head and clothes on your back etc. . 
  i mean it 's not a perfect example , since god is written as the perfect father figure , parents are human and make mistakes . 
  but if you take an ideal childhood , you enjoy your time and do n't really know what 's going on , then after x years you figure it out more and more and you have to leave the paradise sooner or later . 
  become your own person . 
  i think what adam and eve did with the apple and all was necessary as much as judas was necessary for jesus 's sacrifice . 
  christianity is all about redemption and if you do n't sin , you ca n't be redeemed . 
  but judas denied himself his redemption - he killed himself . 
  that 's just my take on it , i know that the snake/satan has persuaded them to eat the apple , because he said that it would turn them into god . 
  i mean the ultimate choice was theirs , but satan made it sound sweet . 
  instead they grew a conscience and all hell broke loose . 
  but in the end god is forgiving . 
  ( new testament on ... ) . 
  semicolons must be like hell to you . 
  i like thunderstorms , other extreme weather can fuck off . 
  well it 's acceptable on the weekends . 
  not to mention sleep . 
  a kid is good if he sleeps for the whole day , but when i do it , it 's suddenly wrong . 
  i agree . 
  watched pet sematary a few days ago and it relied too much on jump scares . 
  i know they were also in the book , but all the real horror was cut from the movie - for example the horrible presence of the wendigo and not to mention taking jud 's motivation out of the equation . 
  the cat was very well made though . 
  gage was ok when he turned creepy . 
  decapitated - anything really , besides silence and danse macabre . 
  for me it was when i started getting my own ideas . 
  i just do n't believe in their ways . 
  i have my own and that 's all . 
  funny enough birth is one of the messiest things that a human body can do . 
  not being able to look after myself . 
  it has happened once , when i was a kid - hurt my leg and could n't really walk . 
  every time i had to go to the bathroom , someone had to kind of support me , so i could get there , sitting down was n't a problem . 
  but getting up again was .
