  lan parties also introduced me to a lot of people . 
  but we have n't had one of those in quite some time now . 
  i mostly do n't care for it , since the word pop implies that it 's formulaic and popular . 
  but there are a few artists that are really good . 
  but mostly i prefer a more intense kind of music , one that has you scratching your head for a while as you are thinking about what the fuck you just heard . 
  of course not all the time , sometimes i just like simple music , minimalism can be great if done right . 
  i think a lot of pop i heard just does n't have that . 
  kill myself . 
  ok , i just did n't get what you were trying to say . 
  but yeah you 're right . 
  #noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!, 
  the faces he makes are priceless . 
  both when he figures out that toby is back and when he is yelling . 
  three sir . 
   `` reddit comments that get the most upvotes '', 
  nope , failed that one too . 
  why would someone who utters `` woe is me '' etc. 
  even be considered a nihilist ? 
  face to foot style ? 
  well given that death comes for us all , why not use your time as best you can ? 
  i mean everyone dies at some point . 
  you have to accept that and take some time to go through it . 
  of course if the person was important enough you never forget them , but the thought of someone impacting my life so much , that i carry their memory with me even x years after their death is a positive one . 
  cherish that and seek that relationship in people that are still alive . 
  sure it 's a bittersweet memory , since you 'll never see them again , but there is no good without bad and vice versa . 
  naughitus maximus , biggus dickus and incontinentia buttocks . 
  well it 's kind of a love/hate thing , but i 'm just good enough to not be the worst , but enough of a fuckup to not really amount to anything really important . 
  well that depends . 
  if it would be the first one , i would apologize to her . 
  if it would be the second or third one , i would chit chat or something , nothing too meaningful and then die . 
  if it would be my fourth one , then i 'd probably kiss her for the last time , given that my gf is somewhere , where she ca n't reach me . 
  otherwise she gets the last kiss . 
  if it would be the current ex , i would just turn away from her . 
  ah , ok . because i think that realising that nothing matters is liberating and that 's why i could n't connect the sadness to everything being meaningless . 
  invisibility , i just want to hide . 
  well the first one was a dog , got hit by a car and was in such a bad shape , that the vet said it should be euthanised . 
  then one rat - had a tumour , the operation went well , but did n't wake up from anasthesia , since it was too old . 
  then three rats - one died after 6 months of tumours or lung disease , we could n't tell , happened in four days . 
  second one had tumours , could hardly breathe and i had to feed it myself unless it would n't eat anything , so it lost weight and had neurological damage - euthanasia . 
  last one died in my arms . 
  had a tumour and a heart problem . 
  one day the heart just stopped working , it was running around ( probably because of the pain ) so i took it in my arms , where it just stopped breathing . 
  now dealing with the dog - i was too young to understand what really happened . 
  i was sad for all three rats . 
  they are very intelligent and empathetic animals . 
  but since they are so tiny , they do n't live too long . 
  with the second one it was n't expected , the third and fourth lived a normal life span according to rats , so it was kind of expected but it is still hard to watch a living being die . 
  but in the end they had a good long life and they were n't abused or anything so that 's enough for me . 
  sure loss is painful , but the good memories outweigh the sadness of loss for me . 
  sure i 'm sad for a while after they die , but in the end you ca n't do anything . 
  we buried all the rats , probably the dog too and that was closure enough for me . 
  it 's pretty much the same way i deal with loss of humans , but that one hits harder obviously . 
  i mean in the end the sadness of loss is directly linked to the happiness you had with them when they were alive and i find that beautiful . 
  even though death and dying are an ugly and terrifying thing . 
  you 're not the messiah !, 
  you 're a very naughty boy !, 
  she is n't but she knows about all of my exes . 
  even the fact that i would have stayed with the fourth one if the circumstances would have been different . 
  but i do n't regret anything , i love my gf very much and would n't trade her for anyone else . 
  but this is a death bed scenario and her being in the room would require a miracle of a coincidence - the fourth ex that is . 
  let 's put it like this , if they were both in the room , there is n't a doubt that i would be kissing my gf . 
  but if only one of them would be , well i would like to die with a feeling of being loved . 
  but if she came back into my life now . . there 's no way i would trade my current relationship for her . 
  edit : a few words . 
  funny , that you are getting downvoted , just because you mentioned growls . 
  well sure , but i was explaining why i did n't get the statement , so i stated my opinion . 
  you do n't understand lovecraft 's appeal but it makes you fearful ? 
  fair enough . 
  maybe it 's because , i know what it 's like to apply meaning to too many things . 
  i went to an extreme in that and i nearly lost my mind . 
  i find the alternative way better . 
  no meaning means total freedom , i can work with that . 
  oh , i misunderstood , sorry . 
  while i agree that the masses might do that - go mad or flee into the dark age , i consider individualism more interesting . 
  you can find more in a person , than in the whole world . 
  and there are extraordinary people in the world that are n't afraid of that knowledge that lovecraft speaks of . 
  people who explore the things that are not shoved in their faces . 
  and that 's what makes me feel free , to look beyond something . 
  i frequently want to know , feel , see , hear as much as i can . 
  in the vastness of space that means nothing , but in my individual universe , it could mean anything . 
  if i stay in lovecraft 's domain . 
  i would prefer to be erich zann or harley warren and die trying or experiencing something , than the men of sarnath who were so repulsed by and afraid of the inhabitants of ib that they basically doomed themselves . 
   1 ) some bugs break off their penises at the end of copulation to leave the vagina plugged so no one else can get in . 
  so they basically save their spot ? 
  does it re-attach ? 
   2 ) male bat bugs have sharp needly penises . 
  they stab the ladies right in the stomach , even though they have perfectly good vaginas below ( no , lower than you think ) . 
  the sperm is injected directly into the bloodstream , which is n't even where it needs to go . 
  the horny little buggers even stab other males just for shits and giggles . 
  both genders have evolved `` false vaginas '' in the middle of their abdomens to make this fun hobby less painful . 
  you know when you take a prank so far that evolution changes the course of a species ? 
  that really is the long con . 
   3 ) banana slugs are the most fun . 
  they can grow to be 6-8 inches long , and their erect penises can be as long as the rest of their body . 
  that 's right , the slug probably has a bigger dick than you . 
  also , the penis emerges from his head . 
  bunch of dickheads . 
  me too thanks . 
  and cancel christmas !, 
  your name is mervyn ?
