  - then they had to speed up the birthing process , since my mom 's placenta was all weird and i had to gtfo ( a bit more than a month too soon ) . 
  - hit leg on rock at sea - had to lie in bed for the rest of the vacation , read a lot of books , could n't really walk since it was my ankle that was busted . 
  - hit myself in the head in a window in a house that was under construction ( edge of the brick hit my head ) , almost died , but only needed a few stitches . 
  a few cm to the left and i 'd be dead . 
  - fell on something very sharp and very solid - went right into my thigh - stitches again , was n't too bad , could run home afterwards . 
  each of those left a scar ( besides birth of course ) . 
  you decide which is the worst . 
  we just sat and talked . 
  i was dating her friend at the time , but she left me , her and another guy to go meet another group of friends and would come back later . 
  so all three of us talked . 
  those were the times when msn messenger was popular so all three of us exchanged msn information - then slowly became friends . 
  man those probably have minds of their own . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  add fapping , reading books and that would be my answer . 
  well i do like to dictate poems and stories . 
  but i 'm not all that great . 
  see the movie the great dictator , that 's what i was referencing . 
  it 's a movie i was referencing . 
  assuming direct control !, 
  put some black/death metal on . 
  that would probably be funny , i know my gf always laughs when i learn how to growl and she 's there . 
  i mean she is supportive and all , but she says the faces i make and sometimes the weird sounds just make her laugh . 
  how long would that be if you walked ? 
  i mean why not walk and you can both eat fries . 
  player.additem ( #numberofitem ) . 
  too bad you were taken out of me2 though . 
  for some reason i read that in zoidberg 's voice . 
  most people do n't have a tight game due to procrastinating , so i guess there are a lot of people out there that match your question criteria . 
  my own stupidity . 
  are you amanda hug 'n' kiss ? 
  well yeah it is n't , but it 's the only way that both parties get to eat or wait before you eat . 
  but then again walking 35 minutes in one direction to get food is bullshit . 
  we 're all a big happy family . 
  is the neighbour still ok too ? 
  would n't be if it was my dog and i was really positive it was him/her . 
  people tell me that when my dad died , that i was crying a lot . 
  like missing him , but i could n't understand he wo n't be back - i was 1 year and 1 week old . 
  i do n't remember this so i 'm not sure it really counts . 
  but it fucked me up again , when i was in grade school and asked my mom where my daddy is . 
  that was an awkward evening . 
  you do know that you can edit what you see on facebook ? 
  do n't like a page that spams clickbait or ads ? 
  unlike it . 
  do n't like someone who added you and is posting dumb shit ? 
  unfriend them or tick the box that says do n't show ( username 's ) posts in my news feed . 
  in a row ? 
  when we had a doctor 's exam in college , i messed up the hospital i was supposed to go to . 
  there were two - one was the main hospital , which also issued notices that said where and when we have to go , the other was closer to our college and that was the right one , but my brain farted and i kept it in my head , that i should go to the main one . 
  the places were about 20 minutes apart on foot . 
  as i came there and told the nurse which college i 'm from , she began to yell at me that i am at the wrong building and i was surprised since i remembered it another way . 
  the last thing she said was ( not verbatim ) : `` that 's what happens when parents coddle you for too long . '', 
  little did she know that my father died when i was one year old and my mother had to work a lot to support all three of us . 
  i wanted to say something but i choked up , i just could n't speak . 
  after a few seconds of silence she said i could have the check up there . 
  i still regret not yelling back at her and just leaving . 
  or statements . 
  a week ago i got this one : `` now it 's about your turn to have kids '' - we were talking about my gf and me , but she was n't there . 
  got a very shocked look when i mentioned that no we have n't talked about it and it 's gon na happen only when we are ready or we at least think that we are ready . 
  whenever i 'm listening to music , i 'm either catching the drums with my legs ( bass drums ) or simulate picking with my right hand - maybe some fretting with my left , but not so it 's really noticeable . 
  i mean you 'd have to stare at me for a while to catch on . 
  always cracks me up . 
  well i have been exposed to it before i really started listening to it . 
  my sister liked to listen to metallica ( s&m ) , apocalyptica ( inquisition symphony ) and whatever was on mtv at the time ( some rammstein , metallica etc. ) . 
  but the first time i was really listening to it a lot was in grade school ( 6th grade ) , when a schoolfriend brought me a cd , that had mostly all albums of in flames on it . 
  the reason she brought it ? 
  we went to see seabiscuit in the cinema with our grade school and we shared headphones listening to that same cd . 
  i really liked the music and the first album i bought was soundtrack to your escape . 
  then i just progressed further into metal experiencing different genres . 
  yeah it was very good . 
  i mean it was n't really deliberate , but we were both bored with the movie , so she just asked if i wanted to listen to some music . 
  i said yes and a whole new world opened for me . 
  yes . 
  but nothing happened between us . 
  we were friends . 
  now we kind of drifted apart . 
  but that happened to all my grade school friends . 
  we would talk if we meet but we move in such different circles that we do n't really run into each other . 
  add to that / r/youseeivan - i was laughing for a few hours yesterday . 
  not necessarily . 
  it 's not enough that she 's hot and likes metal . 
  i have a girlfriend and funnily enough she 's not into metal . 
  she understands why i like it , but she does n't . 
  and it 's not really a problem you know . 
  it 's all just a matter of taste , not a requirement . 
  i am also not only into metal , but it does dominate my playlist though . 
  could n't tell - text does n't carry emotions/sarcasm . 
  :d but not really there are quite some girls that are attractive and like metal . 
  you just have to go to a festival and there are a lot of them . 
  what gigs did you go to ? 
  weird . 
  there were at least a few hot girls at origin/suffocation concert when they came here . 
  one even dragged me into the mosh pit . 
  but then again i saw her on a few other concerts before . 
  hey bruce man , i , i , mean bat wayne ^ ( i 'm so sorry ), 
  well ? 
  give us your number , how can we call otherwise ? 
  i want my fuckload of plot-twists !!!!, 
  in all seriousness - true and good twists they were . 
  you 'll have to open it too . 
  it lead to the sub that another user has posted in a comment below - / r/youseecomrade,
