  right next to my left one - think goro with one right arm missing . 
  my guitar playing skills would probably increase a bit , so i would n't completely suck . 
  i can learn and play instruments quite quickly as i am very devoted to my musicianship , but that does n't help you in computer science . 
  i prefer their direct descendants - kiwis . 
  but there is progress . 
  tyrannosaurus rex could even reach his face . 
  i am lately doing it only for myself . 
  to keep my sanity , it 's the best way to get all my positive and negative feelings out . 
  so the lack of interest from other parties does n't bother me any more . 
  if you like it , just do it . 
  also , got any recordings , i could listen to ? 
  well if his humming while he was carrying kuzco out of town is any indication of the quality of this music , i agree . 
  dude you have to listen to some swedish or american death metal , norwegians are better at black metal . 
  what have your 14 years of experience given you , that makes you an authority to say that it 's all crap as opposed to someone who likes it and has been listening to it ? 
  could you elaborate more please ? 
  what was your experience like , i am genuinly interested . 
  i can see how for example some people do n't really believe what they sing - like millionares singing about rebellion , while their music conforms to a very specific style for example . 
  but there are people out there , that put messages into their music and it 's a reflection of what they are at the moment . 
  you tell me :d, 
  laughing like a moron - pretty accurate description of my weekends . 
  masturbating . 
  and up undending steps of zircon was the tower-chamber , wherefrom the high-priests looked out over the city and the plains and the lake by day ; and at the cryptic moon and significat stars and planets , and their reflections in the lake , at night . 
  here was done the very secret and ancient rite in detestation of bokrug , the water-lizard , and here rested the altar of chrysolite which bore the doom-scrawl of taran-ish . 
  cynic - carbon-based anatomy, 
  agony theme song . 
  big ones mixed with very little ones , so when you are focused on the big one , the small ones fall out of the pinata and are on you , but you can barely see them . 
  like a hooker at a trucker rally . 
  cooking - accidentaly poisoning everyone without even trying . 
  perfect !, 
  add alcest to that list and you have my frequent playlist :d, 
  well girls ca n't join the circlejerk , because then a guy has nothing to jerk . 
  all jokes aside , i completely agree with you about some parts of reddit . 
  it 's unbearable - any extreme you can name it 's there . 
  i found that having a thick skin is necessary whenever you deal with people - some people irl have surprised me in very negative ways sometimes . 
  reddit is pretty much the same , just that the number of people is huge and we are all very brave behind a computer . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right , just reflecting on why it is so . 
  it seems that harassing anyone that has had something bad happened to them - especially if power was taken away from them , is the worst thing one can do . 
  i have a worse one , not sure how it would work though but . . 
  when you make a bubble and it pops , a spider jumps out or even worse ... in . 
  you know , like a pinata . 
  i get that addiction may show that , but why would recreational use be a sign of low self esteem ? 
  edit : addiction as in a way of distracting yourself is what i meant . 
  escapism is a sign of low self confidence . 
  on ice !, 
  even misspelled taylor , that would be an awful headline . 
  bitch real g 's move silent like lasagna - lil ' wayne . 
  i have to the point that i got out of christianity that i was raised in . 
  it 's not that i detest the religion itself , i only changed my perspective and take it as a philosophy now . 
  same goes for other religions , i like to investigate them and figure out what they are all about and in the process take some good advice out of it . 
  the holy books are accounts of history with fables in them anyway . 
  at least that is my opinion . 
  hm , never thought of that . 
  that might be dangerous , one might split his/her sides laughing so much . 
  include a picture or better yet a sample picture to add to the horror . 
  anyone in latvia . 
  is n't that 6 stars ? 
  you just did :o, 
  well given that i am the third child i would not exist . 
  now if my mother died during my birth , i would have no parents in about a year and seven days of my birth . 
  here i am speculating that all other events go on as they have in my life . 
  so , yeah a one year and a week old infant in a half made house , with an older brother and sister to the foster home . 
  i ca n't really imagine what it would be like . 
  well this is quite a strange time in my life . 
  i just googled it and it does in older games , gta v has a 5 star wanted stars maximum . 
  poetry . 
  on ice !, 
  this kind of goes against the title , that would n't be horrific at all , that would be fucking amazing !, 
  they would probably be fed up with this wrlrl . 
  there is no life , only laughter . 
  unsettled sounds like it should be in an asylum . 
  oh , but he is working hard for them downvotes . 
  you monster !, 
  if i mark it , it 's a monster , if i do n't it 's a cute puppy . . what is this sorcery ? 
  what a lovely square :d, 
  vhs . 
  yo , po where the fuck do you wan na go ? 
  game of thrones fucking for those , who prefer chair on chair action . 
  * judging in spanish *, 
  so are the dankest times alsoo the dootiest ? 
  edit : perhaps tootiest ? 
  bloodbath - like fire, 
  no that 's too violent , you may however bring a stern look . 
  that 's really awful . 
  i hope she managed to cope with it at least to the degree that she can function . 
  i ca n't imagine being normal after something like that . 
  well that depends . 
  not everyone had internet , i know we had a dial-up connection when i was twelve , now if i was to research something like sex , i could n't hide it as it would take forever to load a page and someone ( parents ) would notice . 
  the second problem is that not everyone has parents that want to talk about sex . 
  my mom never did . 
  i had to figure it out all by myself . 
  sex education in school ? 
  forget about it . 
  anatomically yes and not at age 12 but later . 
  when we finally got adsl , i was able to research anything and find out more , but that was when i was 16 years old . 
  how did you get to know everything when you were 9 ? 
  what about refrain from hitting other men ? 
  yourefuckedday ,, 
  workday ,, 
  workday ,, 
  almostthereday ,,
