  time is a valuable thing , watch it fly by as the pendulum swings, 
  the clock ticks life away, 
  watch the time go right out the window, 
  crush your enemies , see them driven before you and hear the lamentations of their women . 
  trying to hold on but did n't even know i wasted it all just to watch you goooooooooooooooooooooo * i kept everything inside * oooooo * did n't even know i tried * oooooooooo * it all fell apart * oooooo * what it meant to me will eventually be a memory of a time when i * ... 
  i tried so hard and got so far , but in the end the combo has been broken !, 
  i put my trust in reddit , pushed as far as i can go , but you let me down . 
  learning to play every musical instrument that exists . 
  russian - i love how it sounds and there are russian books i would love to read in it 's original language . 
  spanish - my girlfriend loves it and secretly i want to understand her when she talks spanish . 
  swedish - i like the sound of it . 
  i am from slovenia . 
  depends on what your situation is and what her situation is . 
  if both single , i say go for it , just try not to creep her out or be aware , that if she rejects you or you get together and then separate , you will have to work with her after that . 
  if it 's not something you can handle , do n't do it . 
  in any other case - do nothing , try to treat her as a normal human being and do n't make a big deal out of it . 
  for the sake of your work environment . 
  within temptation - our farewell . 
  i have a lot of memories attached to this one . 
  and also churches . 
  the lack of lubricant . 
  i have something like that with my dream . 
  sometimes i dream scenes similar to something that happens in real life after a certain amount of time . 
  when i realize it , there 's always a moment of : `` holy shit it came true '' and i look bewildered . 
  but it is as you mentioned - confirmation bias . 
  i do n't even remember all my dreams . 
  and a lot of them do n't come true - luckily . 
  were there and what were the consequences ? 
  well the guy saluted with his left hand . 
  music and add to that i always imagined a car driving parallel to us , off the road . 
  so then i just imagined how it was jumping and driving off road . 
  areas with forests were a problem though . 
  i was n't that advanced - just limited to a racing car , no additions like that . 
  one thing i forgot to mention - if it was raining i was watching rain drops race . 
  well being that you can say anything you want , a lot of statements are very shameful , but not illegal . 
  for example : like the politician that said that if a woman is raped , that her body knows it and she ca n't get pregnant due to her body shutting down . 
  i 'm sure there are a lot of examples in everyday life , i just remember this one because i was shocked when i heard it . 
  being ignorant to that degree is very shameful , not illegal however . 
  well my story is n't all that interesting but here goes . 
  in elementary school i was always reading or playing an instrument , yes even in school if i would be allowed to - was n't always the case . 
  but since i loved reading so much , i guess my friends thought it would be funny to call me , representing themselves as a book shop and try to offer me books . 
  the joke was on them as the books they mentioned , they have for `` sale '' were pretty much the popular ones at the time and i read most of them . 
  i heard snickering in the background , but was n't witty enough to say anything funny or you know jerk them around a bit . 
  so it was pretty much like a real call and after a while they hung up . 
  you have cold hands , so the king is probably freezing . 
  try snorting it for real fun times . 
  i 'm a do n't care about it person . 
  also cockta which is the slovenian version of the same drink . 
  so much that it will make you cry . 
  even if laughing just a second earlier . 
  i never drink fizzy drinks while browsing reddit any more just for that reason . 
  not giving equal opportunity or perhaps value/rights to a certain group based on a trait that is not their choice ( like disability , colour of skin ... ), 
  well sometimes my last name was in the way of an opportunity so i guess that could be it . 
  reduce fear of the unknown or different . 
  hard to force someone to do , each person has to get to that point on their own . 
  the way it 's being done as some things become unacceptable . 
  different people get picked on . 
  edit : did n't notice formatting was off until you replied , fixed now . 
  it 's not that hard to get . 
  wow the dark brotherhood really fell apart since i stopped playing skyrim . 
  when time just flew by me . 
  never has it gone so fast , than after i had met her . 
  i am truly having fun in this relationship , even after 5 years . 
  family : nope , nope , nope . 
  friend : sure , why not . 
  she sometimes ( deliberately ) makes this annoying voice that hurts my brain . 
  5 hours - sleeping . 
  what defines life not worth living for you ? 
  if you only feel it 's not worth it , then that is a different situation . 
  sometimes an objective perspective helps as an alternative to a subjective one . 
  self-reflection helps a lot . 
  now i do n't know your situation , but i needed an extreme action to break my cycle of not feeling life worth living . 
  have been changing since then and it was for the better . 
  what makes you feel this way ? 
  my girlfriend and i have an arrangement that the one who cooks , does n't do the dishes . 
  even if it 's dishes from the whole day not just lunch . 
  it gives us both incentive to trade places regularly . 
  special examples like if we both cook something , then we just decide who should do it . 
  that does n't really happen all that often . 
  i will never remember my dad , so his death left a void within , but i do n't really know what i am missing , since i never knew what it was like to have him in my life . 
  all you had to do was follow the damn train , cj !, 
  pink floyd - pigs ( three different ones ), 
  well as long as other genres still produce good movies i will not be bothered . 
  i like variety , so it 's good to see this genre exploding a bit . 
  it was inevitable . 
  i just hope it does n't lead to a decline in quality . 
  metro 2033, 
  : shadow of chernobyl, 
  because of the atmosphere and stories . 
  force them to join any religion , on the other hand also prevent them from joining one . 
  yeah in my family it 's not asking , they 're saying , so now it 's your turn to get married ( same thing for having kids ) . 
  maybe i should start saying it 's their turn to get the fuck out of my face . 
  makes me mad just thinking about it . 
  why i am sad/angry . 
  i 'm not , this is how i normally look , not everyone that is n't smiling by default has to be in a bad mood . 
  i actually feel great . 
  just came home from work , got my latest task done , laid grounds for the new tasks and am going to enjoy my three day weekend with my girlfriend . 
  i was 1 year and 1 week exactly . 
  my mom always has fond memories of him but i ca n't listen to her stories for a long time , it 's just so surreal missing an unknown person . 
  hahaha , i did start my musical path by playing violin , so not far off there .
