  i do n't care about the one billion , i just want to know what he was like . 
  this is an easy one , kristen . 
  i 'm sure neither is pleasant , but i 'll take drowning , since it ends quicker . 
  especially if you flail and move a lot while panicking , which is surely something i would do . 
  the latter , i 'm sure he 's very much decomposed by now and would be traumatised for life , since he is already dead . 
  i 'm not into necrophilia but if someone gives me a choice to do something bad to a living or a dead person . . 
  i 'll take the dead one . 
  let me try both and see which one i like best . 
  have robin williams pop out of a board game ? 
  sounds like fun to me . 
  the silmarillion . 
  i get to hang out with the valar and the elves and men ? 
  and i get to be very old , since the book covers a lot of time . 
  i would go to the start when all was made and just explore the beauty of the valar . 
  i 'm fucking hyped , make it real op !, 
  great book though . 
  chashing shean connery none the less . 
  yesh , that one shlipped away . 
  thanksh . 
  it seems so happy on the picture . 
  if you fuck a cockroach in the ass , does that mean that you fucked with their head ? 
  edit : should be fucked with their brain . 
  not all who wander are lost . 
  but the spiders could just get lost . 
  so atheists are pretty fucked in this case ? 
  i have , the dude is happy as a clam . 
  and yeah you are right , i would be ecstatic if i were indestructible . 
  lifeofboris . 
  if you are into that kind of humour that is . 
  oh but it does . 
  i edited my comment . 
  i guess my head is up my ass today . 
  i wonder where my brain ended up . 
  i 'm that guy that can just listen without talking , but i 'm not introverted . 
  because when i feel it 's my turn to talk and when i really have something to say , it might take a while for me to say everything i plan to . 
  depends on the subject really . 
  i 'm just a lonely terran , travelling to valinor . 
  now that amon is dead , i feel it is safe to travel around slayn . 
  well as safe as it can be . 
  you sir are an ambulance . 
  ^ ( also ... chicken ?? ), 
  devin townsend project - deconstruction . 
  steven wilson - insurgentes or hand . 
  can not . 
  i find ghost reveries to be the one i listened to the most from start to finish . 
  with the soldier of fortune cover in the end . 
  highest : right before orgasm . 
  lowest : a few seconds after said orgasm . 
  nothing . 
  it 's a conscious choice i make every day . 
  it 's not a matter of deserving . 
  at least when i consider it regarding myself . 
  it 's about what i want not what i deserve . 
  i came here in a beautiful swan ship that feanor stole from the teleri . 
  the same fire burns within us that burns within your people alarak . 
  it was destiny that led us here . 
  my life for aiur !, 
  i mean ... ner ` zhul , i mean ... for the alliance !, 
  why not ? 
  turning into something that revolts me . 
  also dying very very slowly and painfully . 
  i want off of mr. bones 's wild ride !, 
  yes , also diablo and lovecraft 's universe . 
  edit : and tes universe . 
  i have n't delved too far in diablo either . 
  but since i started playing it , i have become more and more interested in it . 
  it 's got a lot of biblical references though , but it created an interesting mythology out of it . 
  i 'll have to go back to the first and second part . 
  just finishing reaper of souls and i like it . 
  tes is the elder scrolls . 
  i do n't even own a tv anymore . 
  but i either play video games or read books for fun , so i do n't miss it at all . 
  i get enough great stories that way . 
  if i want news , the internet is a better place than tv . 
  yesterday while driving to work . 
  i do n't know , i just felt like it . 
  by azura be not sorry if your interests do not completely overlap with mine . 
  thank you for the kind wishes oh great alarak , the best written character of legacy of the void , may you keep that title in potential future storylines . 
  may you follow your own path with the fire that burns within you as much as the noldor followed their own leader to face the evil melkor or morgoth as he was known from then onwards , let you also slay your own demons , unlike gul ` dan who was torn apart by the very thing he sought for . 
  instructions unclear , dick rooted in ground . 
  you speak vachutu ? 
  but we will also continue to procreate . 
  while everyone dies , everyone had to be born too , so the cycle continues . 
  nah , plenty of people may carry my name into the future . 
  but yeah one day someone will call for specifically me for the last time . 
  but why would that be bad ? 
  combine that with every 39 seconds someone kills themselves . 
  that 's quite a thought how many people die in just one day . 
  100 % people had to have been born . 
  any living being can live underwater for the rest of their life !, 
  with hammers ? 
  travel to a place with a great view and just enjoy it while sitting on a fucking t-rex . 
  exactly . 
  i was just trying to show the positive side of things . 
  because everybody dies . 
  but also everybody lives . 
  you have to take both into account . 
  so everything in this thread must be negative ? 
  and kompot !, 
  i would see so much beauty that i probably would n't even care .
