  but the rest were ok . 
  the foot fungus with five personalities was a funny entry - it 's the toes !!, 
  can you elaborate on this , for those of us that do n't know a lot about tanks ? 
  and from s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  what does cyka blyat mean ? 
  not really something you have caused directly . 
  i mean forgetting your id - that happens . 
  but what was the point of that written on a piece of paper ? 
  it 's strange to put that kind of message along . 
  how did one mistake like that ruin the mentioned relationship ? 
  you do n't have to answer if you do n't want to , it just seems weird to me that you two would have a good relationship and one little thing like that would ruin it . 
  what happened ? 
  i was n't really raiding much in wod . 
  thanks . 
  heard blyat a lot in metro , but i did n't know what it means . 
  oh , ok , thanks . 
  yeah i can understand that , i 'm 26 and one parent already left . 
  the other parent is past the 50 mark , but i hope she lives at least until i 'm 60 myself , if not longer . 
  but given that my grandmother is 80 and still very well physically and mentally at least genetically looking , that gives me hope . 
  how ? 
  i mean the part : `` ca n't you see , that you belong to me ? '', 
  love is n't about belonging to someone , quite the opposite . 
  even though it 's a sad song , i always lose it at this part . 
  why ? 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  get an awesome gift - voids the universe , thanks / u/snoopislurking . 
  because we can and choose to . 
  but generalising is also ignorant is n't it ? 
  read text backwards in my head . 
  8 string guitar , cell phone and xbox are currently on my list . 
  oh , have n't played then either . 
  so again , what happened , why did everyone die ? 
  i 'm not an atheist but i 'm not religious either . 
  i think it 's arrogant to think that there is nothing more than our world . 
  but i also think it 's arrogant to say ... this is the thing that is bigger than us . 
  so i have my own idea about it , an idea that changes with new information and experience and that 's it . 
  i 'm very sorry about your situation and i hope you will be able to manage it in the future as much as possible . 
  but even if you do n't have an illness . 
  having children is a a big decision and some people just do n't want them . 
  no one should need an excuse for wanting or not wanting to have children . 
  hit the gym , fire your lawyer . . sorry wrong sub . 
  aha i see what you meant . 
  yeah i agree . 
  yeah , i just saw a girl hitch hike the other day . 
  i could have taken her along but i just did n't stop . 
  not sure why . 
  music - without it i might as well just kill myself . 
  ah , thanks . 
  never played paladin either . 
  everyone on that raid must have been very happy . 
  hahaha , thanks for explaining . 
  just curious - how do they choose test audiences ? 
  keep myself busy with my computer , guitar , books and rats . 
  i alternate a bit until i feel tired enough to sleep . 
  that 's a cake you philistine !, 
  those are militears . 
  what better way to prepare for dodgeball ? 
  why not ? 
  i mean sure it depends on what kind of impression you get from them . 
  but from the looks of her , she was just a high school girl . 
  i could have driven her somewhere if it was on the way or not too much out of the way . 
  would n't drive half hour out of my way though . 
  on second thought you are right , the part i mentioned was just the first one that i remembered . 
  you dropped something : / s, 
  and that is the sign of the series evolving . 
  even though gta iii is playable and had the move from 2 to 3d , i miss the new features present in each consecutive game . 
  puny god . 
  are you gon na punch me in my ovaries ? 
  what a great way to describe bleeding out of your ass hole . 
  fell asleep on my arm . 
  my wrist hurt and i could barely use it for the whole week . 
  because people blame facebook for stupid content , even though it 's their friends that are the stupid ones . 
  it 's easier to blame the tool , than to blame man . 
  but some tools make some things too easy as / u/linedriver pointed out in his comment . 
  and the problem is that some tools are too easy accessible - like guns , whose only function is to kill/harm . 
  playing guitar . 
  two years ago i went to see blindead and leprous , but my girlfriend did n't go with me , since she was busy studying . 
  so in the middle of the bands i was writing messages to her , but in between another friend wrote to me , to confirm going to get coffee for the next week . 
  so i accidentally wrote to her : `` time for leprous and then i 'm coming back to you < 3 '' , something like that , i forget the details . 
  she wrote back - `` this probably was n't meant for me was it ? '' . 
  i did apologize and wrote back that yeah i made a mistake as i was writing to both and mixed up messages by mistake . 
  when we met for coffee , she mentioned that her boyfriend gave her a weird look and asked : `` he does have a girlfriend does n't he ? '' . 
  we all laughed about it afterwards . 
  how did that turn out ? 
  improved on my tapping technique . 
  better with unusual time signatures and a bit faster on soloing . 
  still a lot to learn though . 
  someone who has depression , does n't really choose to feel that way . 
  but they might consider killing themselves , since they see no other way out . 
  would that seem selfish and would it be acceptable for that person to kill themselves ? 
  should we not help them if we can ? 
  it 's not easy to deal with suicides as the reasons for it do n't fall into only one category . 
  half hour drive in medium traffic . 
  because each person perceives the world subjectively . 
  well to a degree yes . 
  some people think they are beyond hope , but it 's the current situation that has them thinking that - their current mental state . 
  if they ever got help , maybe they would look back and think that they were wrong and still want to live . 
  you ca n't always look out of the box without help . 
  add to that the stigma that mental illness has - a lot of people wo n't even want to admit they have a problem . 
  but people who really , really want to die , usually do n't talk about it , but just do it .
