  it is n't about the children . 
  they would be ok watching the movie till the end or at hooters . 
  did not know that . 
  makes more sense . 
  my point exactly . 
  ha , good one . 
  goes well with your nickname too . 
  you ca n't hear curse words at the mall or walking around the city/town you are from ? 
  oh , hard to tell on the internet . 
  have n't thought of that one . 
  might be right . 
  hm , are you sure ? 
  maybe it was boobs . 
  but i do n't want to go to sleep . 
  that lusty argonian ? 
  same goes for hearing profanities . 
  well of course that 's up to the individual . 
  you can hear profanities pretty much everywhere too . 
  my thought process is as follows : objectifying women is ok , swear words are not = hypocrite . 
  objectifying people is better than swear words ? 
  i 'd say both is n't suitable for 12 year olds . 
  yup , pretty much my point . 
  you know coop one day i 'll own a big sports bar . . haha, 
  but seriously , i hear a lot of filth in sports bars , so not necessarily better . 
  masturbate . 
  you could say my additional incum is pretty high . 
  the movie is n't really all that worse than the series that op was allowed to watch . 
  and the street involves much greater amounts of profanity . 
  still hypocritical . 
  both should be acceptable . 
  so basically we 're cocked and loaded all the time ? 
  well to be fair , he had to be pretty high . 
  all that paranoia . 
  that 's why i find it very ironic , when any slavic person joins neo-nazi movements . 
  i mean , surely they have n't got the same goals as hitler did - they probably do n't want to die . 
  it 's just funny seeing them revere a person , that would have them killed . 
  i would say * snip snip * but in this case * chop chop * is more relevant . 
  monday commute max is way beyond mad . 
  it 's payne !, 
  wagner is black sabbath ? 
  but computers must be shut down/restarted in order to install software updates . 
  if you just put them to sleep , they do nothing . 
  so basically if humanity would want software updates , everyone has to die and be brought back to life . 
  what do you mean pretending to die ? 
  so many things happen to you when you sleep . 
  your body still works - sure it 's slower , but you are alive . 
  and it 's not like someone could n't deduce that you are actually sleeping and not really dead , just by watching you . 
  you do n't shut down when you sleep , you slow down . 
  if you would shut down , how would your heart start up again ? 
  but of course streams of consciousness die all the time - by the things you forget . 
  but then again things that a person remembers are what make him/her what he/she is . 
  i will acknowledge , that your subconsciousness may change you while you sleep ( like a lot of my nightmares do to me ) . 
  but that does n't mean that the person that went to sleep died ( maybe metaphorically , but metaphorically any kind of change is death-birth ) . 
  oh my , the crap i must have in there . 
  i do n't sleep a lot lately due to insomnia . 
  there were at least three games . 
  something similar to postal . 
  crazy things happen to you there any way . 
  i found it ok . 
  jesus could be the final boss and you 'd have to spam lash for about 20 minutes at first and in the end there would be a time window to cast crucify , but everyone has to do it - one person fucks up , he gets a percent of his life back and you have to spam lash again for x minutes . 
  on every missed crucify he deals massive raid damage and perhaps some adds like his apostoles would show up , well except for judas . 
  did a witch turn you into one ? 
  well no , they have to put symbols on everything , for their enchantments to work . 
  it 's like you do n't even know how sorcery works . 
  thermite works for sleeple at 7/11 and is paid in jet fuel ? 
  well her music died after the second album . 
  you could say that earth is ... edgy . 
  yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !, 
  a flag that is set to false . 
  usually indicated by a 0 . 
  how do you get them to bend that way ? 
  probably enter the matrix - you played as niobe or ghost . 
  ( did you mean niobe ?? ) . 
  matrix online was mmo . 
  matrix : path of neo you were well ... neo . 
  do n't worry about it , i was just curious about which one you meant , 
  i do n't find any particular scene all that shocking . 
  but watching the whole movie from beginning to finish is the thing that really shakes me . 
  i mean if you see the downfall , it hits you harder . 
  it 's payne !, 
  it 's also meant as a reminder , that we are on earth and currently going through the suffering part of life and afterwards ( if we really honestly repent and try to lead a better life ) a reward awaits us . 
  the cross is a symbol for our suffering , should not be taken literally . 
  the literal part in the bible only serves as an example - as in jesus carried his cross and then died upon it in order to resurrect . 
  so one should carry/face his/her shortcomings and destroy them . 
  that 's what change is - death of the old and rebirth - new life . 
  but killing the old self is always hard , like trying to get out of a bad habit . 
  i do n't know how true this is , but it might be connected with the jewish scapegoat tradition . 
  i mean it seems so . 
  leviticus has this written in the old testament and the concept seems very similar . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scapegoat ), 
  well if there is a baby attached to a breast it kind of loses it 's sexual appeal . 
  it all depends on context , perception of any concept can always change due to a different context . 
  in real life , i would probably let her go . 
  fuck you , if you ca n't listen to my explanation , who needs that shit in their life , not me . 
  so when you cum , you kind of scatter all over the place ? 
  stop groaning guys , you are ruining our moment !, 
  just print the damn thing !!!, 
  yeah man , alt + f4 is where the real magic happens . 
  where do i start ... 
  - almost prematurely born - doctors had to stop it , probably would have died .
