  a box of books . 
  a box of food . 
  a box that would contain my gf and it would have little holes in it so she could breathe during the transport to said island . 
  the only thing that explains this a little bit is that said friend has a mental illness , but refuses to seek help . 
  yes . 
  i wish i could go back with my current knowledge and amend some mistakes i made while dealing with the stuff that were happening . 
  but that 's a paradox , if i fix all the things , i wo n't have the knowledge i have today . 
  well that depends . 
  my thoughts change with every new experience and each person that thought like me initially , would be thrown into a new set of circumstances , that would make them go into another direction with their life . 
  so not too much . 
  well maybe the companies that sell decorating stuff would be out of business . 
  and religion would n't be the same again that is true . 
  but the thing is that if any person is put in an extreme enough situation , even those strong likes and dislikes can change . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  every person on the planet has their own situation that changes them . 
  so again a bit would change , but still not that much . 
  we get it , you vayp . 
  to be fair , i would n't mind if he includes that in his show . 
  if there 's a bit to think about and a bit more to laugh about . 
  but overdoing it just comes off as preachy . 
  name the quest humpty dumpty . 
  araxas - suicide of my mind . 
  polyrhythms with extra shuggah . 
  there is a reason no one lets me have the aux . 
  try to win the election and then step off the presidential position , so neither hillary , nor donald can be president . 
  call for another early election and support a truly good candidate . 
  not sure how politics works thought - is that even possible ? 
  i would forever be known as donald `` president for a day '' trump . 
  how many people do i have to kidnap for that not to happen ? 
  i 'll just call a `` big meeting '' . 
  then step off . 
  hm , then forget about that and just get a vp that is mexican but has the rights ( citizenship etc. . ) to be an american vp . 
  then right after wining , give donald control back . 
  i wonder what would happen . 
  pretty much everything , since it 's mostly not a realistic depiction of the world . 
  pet sematary . 
  the book had an awesome atmosphere and great character building . 
  while in the movie , the doctor seemed bored and insipid . 
  the dynamics between him and his wife were poorly shown . 
  they took jud 's main motivation for showing the pet sematary to the doctor and it took a lot of warmth away from his character . 
  it just did n't have the atmosphere , because it was going on too fast . 
  not to mention no wendigo . 
  it was n't just a horrible movie , but i was very let down by it , given it 's source material . 
  then again i watched the movie right after i read the book . 
  the girl in the bed was very unnerving . 
  the cat and the child were very well done as well . 
  what do you not like about perfume ? 
  i have n't read the book yet , but i have seen the movie . 
  that we are . 
  i feel desolation when amongst people . 
  the idea of being alone in this vast space is just too hard to accept . 
  we are not in eastern europe . 
  former yugoslavia , sure . 
  but still central europe . 
  invisibility , so i can literally disappear . 
  yes . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against eastern europe . 
  but hollywood tends to bunch some countries in groups that do n't always make sense . 
  happens a lot with middle-eastern countries and south america too . 
  i understand that . 
  but hollywoods perception of eastern europe is very flawed . 
  that 's something that bothers me on it 's own , because eastern europe is very beautiful . 
  and then they also group us into that stereotype . 
  for me it 's :, 
  black/doom : orchid , morningrise, 
  black/death : still life , mayh , bwp ( barrier album to next group ), 
  death : deliverance , ghost reveries , watershed, 
  damnation is it 's own group , given that it does n't fit with the new proggy stuff , neither does it fit in with the extreme stuff . 
  70 's proggy opeth : heritage , pale communion and sorceress is on a good way to be in this group but we will see . 
  what do you mean by `` steven owned the band '' ? 
  i like heritage , but i find myself mostly skipping nepenthe and haxprocess . 
  maybe i have n't given them a chance , maybe they just did n't impress me . 
  i really liked the heavy stuff they did on watershed - even with burden , that is n't all growls and distortion . 
  and i was glad to hear , that even though they chose to exclude the extreme aspect of their music , the heavy atmosphere is still there . 
  not to mention live performances , where everything sounds even heavier . 
  a bit of the lyrics were funny ( folklore pain in your brain insane thing ... ) . 
  but i enjoyed the album . 
  now pale communion has a great beginning . 
  the first three songs really impressed me , even though playing cusp of eternity gets boring in the verses - too many repetitions of a riff . 
  but not a problem it evolves very well in my opinion and is an enjoyable track . 
  eternal rains was a great opener and moon above , sun below is just a great song . 
  now elysian woes and goblin are to me the weakest songs on the album . 
  i usually skip them . 
  while river did n't impress me too much , voice of treason left a big mark . 
  it 's one of my favourite songs . 
  faith in others is a good closing song for the album , but not too memorable . 
  so all in all they just do n't impress me that much any more . 
  and it 's not that their old stuff is all good , there are songs i skip on almost every album , but the number of those songs is increasing . 
  for now sorceress 's will o the wisp is a good candidate for skipping , since it 's a lot like jethro tull + harvest 2.0 . 
  but we will see what the new album brings in it 's entirety . 
  chandlah bing ? 
  * nasily laugh of satan *, 
  an announcement about how intense the finale was . 
  and then a commercial for the new show , in which the same person would announce the new show , again with the main character being afraid of something that is potentially deadly , concluding with : can this one make it ? 
  i will make a corpse out of you ? 
  well a bunch of great actors in an over the top story taking place in wwii . 
  i mean you have fassbender , b j novak , brad pitt , diane kruger , christopher waltz . 
  i was hyped for the cast alone . 
  and it 's not that it 's the best movie ever made , but it 's very entertaining to me . 
  it was cruel , it was funny , it had a bit of suspense and action .
