  and i 'm not saying the movies are bad . 
  they are good . 
  the animation , visuals , the music and acting is mostly very well done . 
  but it 's hollywood and tolkien 's story is n't really well translated in hollywood style movies . 
  yup , i did n't get it the first few times either . 
  but every good comedy has some things you miss . 
  makes them good for second/third/x viewings . 
  i was conceived as most children are in the months when it gets cold . 
  so i guess they did n't want to go out and just went like : `` fuck it '' . 
  i felt it was so bizarre and overdone that it made me laugh . 
  i was watching the movie with other people and they were all horrified and i was laughing . 
  got some weird looks . 
  because i do n't want to drive drunk . 
  it the designated driver is someone else , then i go for it . 
  sure it can , but it should n't make you feel any less of yourself . 
  and anyone who thinks less of you because of that is a fool . 
  who would even say that ? 
  i mean , it 's not that i do n't believe you . 
  but seems like the dumbest thing to say . 
  also john malkovich in burn after reading . 
  the way he just gets more and more pissed off through the movie is fantastic . 
  i like how big of a change that was from what he did earlier - blackadder and a bit of fry and laurie . 
  rowan atkinson as an annoying patient on house . 
  calls him george by mistake ( greg is close enough even though it 's another name ) and just have them throw jokes at each other . 
  what 's yer offer ? 
  stupid dog , always bringing garbage into the house !, 
  * news about slab being worth gazillion of dollars *, 
  i 'm rich , i 'm rich !, 
  well grim & evil was one episode of each if i 'm not mistaken . 
  and evil was just not that good of a cartoon than grim adventures of billy and mandy . 
  you 're watching paint dry ?!!!!, 
  shhhh , this is the best part . 
  * sound of paint actually drying *, 
  jack , jack ... jack , jack , jack . 
  powerpuff girls have so many references to classic rock and classic tv ( like monty python ) , that it 's just the best to watch . 
  and him who is n't really him but it 's her , but also him and a crab and a dark lord/queen and his/her rubber ducky . 
  brain and stomach in jars on a bear . 
  well yeah they did n't have anything in common , but i think they had a few crossover episodes like cow and chicken and i am weasel . 
  followed by : you have not enough minerals, 
  i 'm really into stalker lately . 
  just put on oblivion lost mod for shadow of chernobyl . 
  besides adding a bit of difficulty to the whole game it adds a few new locations and a new storyline ( at least the new version does ) . 
  also adds new monsters , some are tough , others are just creepy - for example the long armed zombie always creeps me out . 
  all aboard the moonshine express !, 
  while playing with the dick . 
  you have a very interesting life . 
  and the award for ruining the fun goes toooo : / u/moonshineexpress . 
  is it express because a person gets drunk so fast ? 
  truth . 
  must feel great to finally feel wanted . 
  good on you , op . 
  i have the inverse problem ... my gf is abroad studying and i 'm working here , but she comes back in march , so this valentine i will be alone . 
  but , there is a great concert tomorrow , so we will skype in the afternoon and in the evening i 'm going to see entombed a.d. and behemoth with my friends . 
  sunshine the werewolf and 43 % burnt work well too . 
  i find bloodbath works pretty well . 
  cry my name and furnace funeral for example . 
  #motherfucker !, 
  the part with fry 's mom hit me more . 
  the whole episode he 's trying to tell her something and it gets completely absurd . 
  but those last minutes made me cry . 
  i think if all crime would be legal , we would see nuclear weapons fly sooner or later . 
  or someone would sabotage a nuclear power plant . 
  i mean imagine you are a terrorrist and want to hurt a part of the world on a huge scale . 
  that 's what you do - game over man . 
  how exactly did he ruin it ? 
  is the movie all you are going to remember from now on ? 
  i mean , it 's bad , but it ca n't ruin a cartoon that good . 
  yes , the um puzzles . 
  depends on the kind of high . 
  if it 's a more calm high , something like king of those who know by cynic . 
  for amfetamines - decapitated or dillinger escape plan . 
  they just pump me up . 
  currently listening to cynic - moon heart sun head . 
  it 's about how humans are n't really separate from the earth ( gaia ) , so some physical work ? 
  those edges got smoother with every iteration . 
  that 's how he rolls . 
  it 's like stubbing your toe ... toe !, 
  and his son . 
  i mean the way he makes his entrance is just the best . 
  and later checking if a gun is loaded . 
  i mean it 's an old joke , but the way he does it is just hilarious . 
  on the first look i read that as microsoft holmes , was confused for a few seconds . 
  take off your shoes and count on your toes . 
  and if you 're lucky , your toes go all the way up to 11 . 
  maybe he just did n't want her to die , i mean if he really loved her . 
  i do n't think jennifer lopez was an a-lister in movies . 
  maybe in music , never heard of any great movie she was in . 
  jon voight was the only a-lister . 
  owen wilson was usually a side character if he was in a-movies . 
  danny trejo was n't that famous and ice cube was again a musician , but not very known as an actor . 
  never look in the eyes of those you kill , they will haunt you forever . 
  * looks into her eyes and proceeds to kill her while muttering some random nonsense *, 
  but it 's a 90 's action movie , it 's fucking over the top and not by accident . 
  i mean the rock is n't much different . 
  it 's over the top , funny . 
  maybe not as ridiculous as face off , but it has it 's moments . 
  i find the first one good too . 
  second - bearable . 
  third ? 
  ca n't even watch it .
