  point the finger , blame the other , watch the temple topple over . 
  to bring the pieces back together , rediscover communication . 
  there has to be a conflict . 
  conflicts are something that can make relationships stronger , but one has to destroy something , to rebuild it . 
  conflicts usually do that . 
  * the poetry that comes from the squaring off between ,, 
  and the circling is worth it . 
  finding beauty in the dissonance . 
  but being different is n't all bad . 
  acknowleding and most importantly accepting that difference is what keeps the world interesting - diversity . 
  * there was a time that the pieces fit , but i watched them fall away . 
  mildewed and smoldering , strangled by our coveting, 
  i 've done the math enough to know the dangers of our second guessing . 
  doomed to crumble unless we grow , and strengthen our communication . 
  i think the pieces are referring about a state . 
  they fit together , but they grew apart about this . 
  second guessing yourself is dangerous , one should n't have to overthink something ( lateralus also adresses this ) . 
  and their relationship is doomed , unless they learn to grow and talk about something they do n't necessarily agree about . 
  the big point here is , that they should n't get upset even if they disagree . 
  * cold silence, 
  has a tendency, 
  to atrophy any, 
  sense of compassion, 
  between supposed lovers ,, 
  between supposed lovers . 
  not communicating is the worst thing you can do . 
  when you stop communicating your relationship is doomed to fail . 
  you can not put yourself into another person 's shoes or even try to understand , without hearing them out and vice versa . 
  * i know the pieces fit . 
  he know it can be rebuilt , their relationship can get better . 
  if there is one person that does n't give up on it , it usually works out . 
  i think in the video we have two beings - male and female . 
  and they are at first searching for each other . 
  they come together under the tree ( tree of life maybe ) . 
  and that 's when she takes out his ear ( as in makes him listen ? ) . 
  and he gets those little mouths chewing on him . 
  i think those are the little things he has to get rid of in order to really listen and feel what she has to say . 
  once he tears them away from himself , they become one . 
  the things we see in the end ( they are literally put together and are this strong thing ) . 
  that 's my explanation and perception of it . 
  what did you get out of it ? 
  definitely not a majority . 
  but imagine a mmo with 10 million players and if only 5 percent of those have been raised that way ... it 's not a small number . 
  girls gaming definitely is n't anything new . 
  women in sports is n't something new either and there are many other areas where women have already been present for a long time . 
  that was n't part of my point . 
  tom hardy , keannu reeves , brad pitt and gary oldman . 
  given my social skills , i would probably fail , but i never went to kindergarten . 
  scrubs , the office ( uk and us ) do not include a laugh track . 
  scrubs usually has music cut in between the jokes , which i really liked about that show . 
  well that depends . 
  i can get emotional very quickly and there are a few scenes in futurama that were n't really expected . 
  like jurassic bark and the episode with fry 's mom . 
  those both had me crying , but they are n't the saddest thing i 've seen that 's for sure . 
  also had an unexpected cry with chuck , which is more or less a comedy series . 
  so you have to take into account that some of us just get immersed into music , series , games etc. 
  but i do agree with you that people feel like they have to exaggerate their feelings . 
  my mom does that a lot and i do n't like it . 
  she does it in conversations that are face to face , not on the internet , where one might expect that . 
  what do you mean by viewer friendly ? 
  i think it was absolutely brilliant . 
  different kind of humour than onwards with stephen fry and hugh laurie , but still brilliant . 
  wait are you saying that the first season was dumbed down , or that the latter ones were ? 
  and the first season was very funny , had loads of references as were seen in the latter seasons . 
  i do n't think any episode 's plot was too interesting , i mean it was all meant in good fun , there were n't really many interesting plots - more like funny situations . 
  well the very final episode was the one that hit hard plot wise . 
  but it was a bit similar in the first season too , only that edmund 's attitude was reversed . 
  edit : a word . 
  a person who had charisma convinced others to do as he says . 
  if you do believe in a god or some sort of deity - they usually allow free will . 
  not really . 
  it 's up to humans to decide whom they follow . 
  sure the devil is evil , but he is nothing without a human . 
  that actually is a description of hell for most religious people . 
  the concept of god has changed throughout the years . 
  it 's a completely different philosophy . 
  in the old days , gods were vengeful . 
  just look at older religions - egyptians , greeks , romans , pagans etc. 
  all had deities that did good as well as what we would perceive nowadays as evil . 
  you know punish the heathens , blood of the land , sulfur and all that . 
  then somewhere in the middle god became this patriarchal figure , that had nothing but love for us and if you deviate from his presence , you might end up casting yourself down as the devil has . 
  it was n't god that cast him down , but he fell due to his own will . 
  he wanted to be god , he wanted only his own way and that had put him into god 's absence - he rebelled . 
  and most religions do n't consider hell as a place of fire and ashes and the devil poking your ass with his trident . 
  but the absence of that love that god has for you . 
  the rejection of that gift . 
  i 'm not religious , but i like to explore religion and how it affects society , so what i write are just my conclusions about it . 
  is it your fault , if you raise a child in a healthy environment and they become monsters ? 
  he supposedly created us out of love and leaving someone to make their own decision is the ultimate way to show it . 
  of course he knew some would reject him . 
  i think it 's a bit too easy to blame god for all evil . 
  it 's like discovering new technology and then being blamed for the way it 's used , when the use is not up to you to decide . 
  you knew that bad things could come out of this , should you not work on it ? 
  as you wrote in the first reply - that 's a commentary on your belief system - not mine . 
  i take it as a philosophy and if you do n't want god to influence your future , you do stuff your own way and leave his ways behind . 
  i in no way take the concept of god as some omnipotent being . 
  i ca n't even imagine an omnipotent being . 
  i take it as a metaphor for a loving parent , as most religions tend to emphasize the importance of family . 
  they do n't know what will happen and they ca n't really influence you if you do n't want them to . 
  at least not directly .
