  for both parties , at a certain point you have to talk about what you like and what you do n't . 
  or perhaps what new things you would want to try ( some require consent of both parties ) . 
  in my experience , silence often means something is wrong . 
  not necessarily anger , just something is n't right . 
  not every time but often enough for me to take the hint . 
  but i 've learned that leaving her alone is better . 
  just act normal around her , when she is ready , she will tell me . 
  if she wo n't , what can i do ? 
  i 'm not a mind reader . 
  but then again sometimes we both do n't feel like we have to talk at all , so every now and then it 's a sign of content . 
  nothing wrong , just both doing our own thing in silence . 
  it 's not like you 've lost a pen is it ? 
  oh my this puts a few of my intentions in a completely different perspective . 
  in high school i was going to do that too . 
  in sociology class we had to research and present a theme and mine was suicide . 
  since i was researching it so much it gave me a good cover . 
  no one suspected a thing . 
  but those days are gone . 
  it 's never been that bad since . 
  i 've gotten the help i needed and can also openly talk to a few people about it . 
  and i hope you do n't blame yourself for that . 
  being in the other position i can say that without a doubt , i would n't blame anyone for what i was about to do , it was my own decision . 
  me doing what i planned to was not a reflection of others but myself . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  until the point when all your responses are tangential . 
  i prefer libreoffice to open office . 
  the rest i pretty much agree with . 
  as long as we are not too derivative of each other . 
  that 's a cute pun . 
  oh , did not know that . 
  fallout 's way of regaining health . 
  nearly drowned ? 
  drink some water , you 'll be fine . 
  mortally wounded ? 
  eat all the food you have , you 'll be fine . 
  without the rads though , lest we all glow bright green . 
  how much traffic was there in your living/bed room ? 
  the usual half hour . 
  maybe a bit faster today since there was traffic , but nobody has driven too slow . 
  on such a long commute , you had to make a pit stop . 
  well not sure if this makes it better or worse , but america is not the only place where the media manages to do that . 
  maybe not with racism , but they always find something by which a nation or a group of people can be divided on . 
  you 're quite articulate for a zombie . 
  in all seriousness : hopefully you get some rest soon and then carry on as a walking living being . 
  is there a specific reason you feel down about everything lately ? 
  oh , well maybe that explains why i moved from one to the other . 
  there was a point where libreoffice just worked better than openoffice . 
  and with this information it makes sense . 
  having a very long one . 
  you get to see all your friends die , maybe your so too , if you live long enough maybe even your kids die before you do . 
  and despite having a wide social network it starts to shrink . . one by one people die . 
  if you 're lucky , you get to die before you are incapable of taking care of yourself or there is no one left to do it for you . 
  well no one you know that is . 
  so was it more like a train then ? 
  i hope they do n't send pirates to kidnap us . 
  those aaaaaaaaarc going sinners that make people walk the planck . 
  well yeah , it 's done on a much bigger scale . 
  i wish my internet was as quick as your exchange of information . 
  edit : by that i mean the actual transfer , not the build up to it . 
  just set the ip far away from other nodes , two birds with one stone . 
  false !, 
  some people are saltier than others ... case in point , lol players . 
  fair enough . 
  i use google docs a lot too . 
  but sometimes i want something more . 
  like sorting excel cells based on colors . 
  not sure how to do that on google docs . 
  what kind of a god do you have , that he does n't know how to sort by colour ? 
  is your god a dog ? 
  ca n't imagine a dog as a god ... just tell me who 's a good boy and all thy sins are forgiven . 
  does n't really work . 
  you may loot our homes , burst our eardrums , but leave our chickens alone !, 
  a new hand touches the bacon !, 
  so you 're sayin that when i install this mod i should use a bow if killing chickens . . got it . 
  i think you 're mistaking love for enabling . 
  to enable someone all the time is not the same as loving them . 
  if you truly love someone , you will try to help them . 
  now collecting women and eating them in the basement does n't sound like a very healthy hobby . 
  loving someone means telling them when they went too far and try to work it out . 
  letting them know how far you are willing to go . 
  it 's not just : `` i love you , so do whatever the fuck you want '' . 
  fast enough ? 
  oh i forgot that it 's a race . 
  i 'm very sorry for what happened to you , but have you asked those people if they would kindly sod off ? 
  i do n't know !, 
  aaaa ^ a ^ a ^ a ^ ^ a ^ ^ a ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ a, 
  you can just mute the sound . 
  they are also responsible for the young and the restless and the bold and the beautiful . 
  to be fair a lot of it crowd humour is about nerds being socially awkward too . 
  they just pull it off so much better in my opinion . 
  i mean the whole premise of the show is that the computer guys are so socially inept that they need jen and jen is so computer illiterate that she needs them . 
  stealth destruction mage necromancer/summoner healer . 
  stealth to get surprise attack bonus - a fireball or ice spike usually . 
  necromancer/summoner - you have to have a tank . 
  healer - still a glass cannon . 
  i do n't use followers , because they destroy my stealth . 
  i 'm sorry , i had to . 
  i 've only watched the trailer . 
  but it seems to me as if it has become a show full of references to the old one . 
  like a show full of memes .
