  are you ok ? 
  should we call an ambulance ? 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  had me crying . 
  you play very well . 
  and the rat is very cute . 
  how old is she ? 
  i remember when i got these rats i have now - they were exactly two months old . 
  got them from a breeder who is a friend of mine . 
  got three little male ratties . 
  that was two years ago and i just could n't believe how they have grown . 
  everything , since i never knew my father . 
  but there is a lot i had to learn for myself . 
  most stuff regarding cars , relationships , shaving etc. 
  well that 's not really news . 
  the academy looks for good performances and popularity . 
  oh and also there is politics involved in it ( not the government type politics ) - same as any award really . 
  same as grammys . 
  it 's a popularity contest . 
  i agree with you . 
  the better the writing - the better the acting . 
  if you have a shitty script an actor can try to improve it with his/her delivery , but there 's just so much you can do with a shitty dialogue . 
  but if you have a great dialogue and a great actors - that 's what makes a movie really good . 
  well not exactly a remake since the actors and the settings was completely different . 
  i felt a different atmosphere with the wolf of wall street . 
  but yeah the story 's progression was pretty much the same . 
  well if you like 80 's action , then it 's very good . 
  i like the selection of music that accompanies most fights in the second one . 
  goes well together , even if the fights are awful and some are pretty bad . 
  but that 's all that is good about the movie . 
  and raiden chuckling like a moron every now and then . 
  i do n't think it 's a bad movie . 
  sure it 's exaggerated - but every comedy is . 
  people who do n't understand satire . 
  best 80 's action . 
  rambo : first blood is better as an action/drama . 
  the guy just wants to be left alone and the cops are the ones that basically trigger him to go into combat mode . 
  even though you ca n't understand anything that he 's saying in the end , when he does the big speech about the horrors he has seen in vietnam . 
  transformers lack a bit of transformers . 
  i mean yeah the robot action is great fun , but there is too many other things involved . 
  i just want to see robots kicking the shit out of each other . 
  get those little ant human beings out of the picture . 
  well given the atmosphere of the original , i can see why people thought it was going to be serious . 
  taco bell taco bell , product placement for taco bell . 
  enrichito , macho burrito !, 
  when john barrowman left , i stopped watching arrow . 
  i was watching death note for ryuk . 
  he was just the best character ever . 
  l is a close second . 
  when ryuk was gone in the middle , l really held up the show - well l vs. light did . 
  if that is the only reason - very bad . 
  two years in high school . 
  i had no direction , i had no reason and will to live . 
  i did it to myself , because i let someone use me . 
  wanted to end it all , but stopped and now i am left with a scar to remind me of where i was and how much better it is now . 
  not completely ok yet . 
  but doing a lot better . 
  the whole movie is hilarious to me . 
  i mean it 's action but has to be taken lightly , even when some nasty stuff happens . 
  there 's always that one liner that makes me laugh , even though he is basically killing people all the time . 
  that 's why i love these kind of movies . 
  same as duke nukem 3d video game . 
  it 's very violent but at the same time so over the top , that it 's just funny . 
  that 's true . 
  but if you look at the cast , you could pretty much deduce that it wo n't be subtle . 
  it 's a typical hollywood comedy . 
  fun to watch once or twice , but upon further viewing , you do n't discover much more . 
  i find it ok at the beginning and when she gets her powers . 
  but towards the end when she begins to be too powerful it gets dull . 
  there are virtually no risks . 
  as for the premise of the movie . . not bad , i mean it 's luc besson , one should n't take his movies too seriously . 
  but the development of the idea is just bad . 
  did you only watch fury road ? 
  because there are three parts before that and together they do make a story . 
  what about it did you find bad ? 
  how does apocalypse now have inconsistent pacing ? 
  but the reveal explains everything perfectly , does n't it ? 
  we all heard that joke a few years ago , i want real reasons . 
  fair enough . 
  ah , yeah indeed it is a bit sci-fi . 
  but i still found it great , how much both of them have sacfiriced but in a different way . 
  i mean jackman was killing himself all the time ( maybe also symbolically a bit ) . 
  while bale literally had two lives , but only one guy at a time . 
  and thus came other problems ( like the knot thing in the water tank and relationship problems ) . 
  i agree , it 's a wonderful film , but i am still interested what people do n't like about it . 
  a different perspective . 
  i agree with you , but everyone is entitled to their own opinion . 
  yours is detachable ? 
  four ? 
  ok , one serious question then . 
  if you notice someone harassing anyone while playing a game together and they do n't fight back or they do but the majority of the group still continues , would n't you help them ? 
  regardless of gender . 
  i understand why you would n't like the white knights , but sometimes honest help is offered and required , but that gets interpreted as being a white knight too often . 
  well only if the harassed is a female . 
  by my experience that is . 
  why ? 
  i mean play what you want . 
  it 's not the gender of the character that defines you . 
  unless you are into romantic kinds of rp , then it might be a bit strange . 
  a lot of people are raised that way .
