  edit : then i would realise that a sentient robot had to listen to me sing in the car . 
  cue the feeling of shame and pity . 
  but given his living conditions it was a miracle he even made it to school , i mean he was more tragic for me than annoying . 
  oh , i interpreted the question of worst as in badly created character instead of terrible human being , they sure were those indeed . 
  i misunderstood . 
  i thought the mosquitoes were already in the house and once the web was gone it was attack time . 
  did not know about the old and crappy screens . 
  the wire spoilres here !, 
  hm , i never thought of him as the next bubbles , i mean given that bubbles was still there ... and after what happened to sherrod , i thought they concluded his story well and different from dukie . 
  i mean dukie was given every chance to leave baltimore but he did n't in the end . 
  that 's why i saw him as completely tragic in the end . 
  he showed potential when given the chance , but he did n't want to take that chance in the end . 
  if i remember it right . 
  well i 'm sure it was clear from your perspective as you wrote the comment . 
  but i imagined it a bit differently and got confused . 
  i did at first . 
  i mean being an outcast and not even your parents being there for you . 
  but then in the end ... sure it was tragic , but he made his own choice . 
  haha ok we can also stomp on the black morning spider . 
  and all them venomous ones . 
  i mean , i do n't want to die . 
  i have no idea what a geko is . 
  so please elaborate . 
  could you repeat the stuff you said about the things ? 
  i just googled them and oh my they are so cute . 
  even if you wrote gecko i would not know what they are , but i already like them . 
  two songs . 
  adagio in d minor ( sunshine ) for higher notes . 
  anaal nathrakh - i am the wrath of gods and the desolation of earth for basses and clarity of sound . 
  are the nests in the house ? 
  and do you leave them alone ? 
  i mean , i did n't even know what they are until today , so sorry if i 'm asking too much questions . 
  you got some loose wires and a gong in your shower ? 
  sound hat - headphones . 
  what 's that ? 
  oh , i did n't recognize the acronym . 
  well i watched the first episode but i turned it off in the middle . 
  i did n't like it . 
  maybe i had a bad day or something . 
  does it just start slow like parks and recreation ? 
  i 'll give it another shot . 
  ok , i will try again . 
  and start with season 2 then . 
  that was an interesting detail . 
  i still do n't completely realise what they meant by that scene . 
  but yeah he did n't even leave the place where everything went to shit for him . 
  i mean any sane outside observer would think : `` get that guy out and let him be . '', 
  but he just stays there , even when given an out . 
  well to be fair feeding a mother and her baby to the dogs is quite fucked , not to mention rape and all the shit he did to theon . 
  but in the last season of his existence he became repetitive . 
  i mean when he was on the scene you knew something shocking will happen . 
  i was hoping for him to change character a bit or show a bit of wisdom at some point . 
  but he was just a stupid bastard after all . 
  lactose gets me very gassy . 
  i mean cdc alarm level sometimes . 
  if i eat 12 cheese wheels in a row and fight a dragon , that flame he might direct at me is getting farted right back into it 's direction while adding a disturbingly disgusting aroma of my own creation . 
  i do n't think that a dragon could withstand that kind of flatulence . 
  he 'd probably rip out his own soul for the fartborn . 
  now if it is an ice dragon , i might be screwed . 
  mean follow religion with promise of potato . 
  so like stuck somewhere ? 
  virtual dick ? 
  i also have pants on . 
  gone where ? 
  man know , but prophet promise of great big potato , but shh is secret . 
  make list . 
  do not glue yourself to the bucket or list . 
  glue list to bucket . 
  for such a short game there is so much horrible things in it . 
  i got to play my guitar today and sing along . 
  my throat hurts a bit now , but it was totally worth it . 
  two albums - they both seem as if the are only one song . 
  so basically two songs . 
  meshuggah - catch 33, 
  if i were you , i would grab some laxatives . 
  so there is a silver lining to this black cloud . 
  oh , good one . 
  so your green and angry shit told you to get out of his swamp ? 
  i understand the angry part , i would also be a bit pissed if an asshole gave birth to me . 
  talking poo ... 
  i can see that on south park , but how the hell did you get it to turn green is beyond me . 
  what is everyone on reddit taking a shit ? 
  you sound like a shitty scientist . 
  i trust you . 
  life is but track for potato . 
  always wear good track pants , lead to good potato . 
  many people never reach potato . 
  obi wan also almost died taking out an enemy technical , when even the deltas took cover , he stepped up and through bravery and luck saved everyone . 
  also almost got hit by an rpg twice . 
  pretty much my reaction , when i met the brotherhood of steel in fo4 . 
  and he would have gotten away with it if it were n't for you meddling dicks !, 
  gordon freeman . 
  welp , i 'm dead . 
  in a way i think that it 's overused . 
  there are a lot of stories of guardians who try to help people , only to go mad and become evil . 
  sargeras from warcraft is a good example of that and that story is way older than got/asoiaf . 
  and chandler is left out again . 
  ^ ( also monica ), 
  well in the beginning it was n't so bad . 
  i 'm talking about books and first three games .
