  angry masturbation ? 
  two at once ? 
  well for me personally i do n't even dislike bmw drivers . 
  but i always act extra careful when i see one . 
  same goes for audis . 
  i mean , i had a few great experiences but also few very bad ones that could have ended in a crash . 
  but his seriousness is now on his permanent reddit record . 
  that 's something that stays with you ... permanently . 
  it 's a crude device and i 'm tired of waving the sarcasm sign around , give me a break man . 
  i like your user name . 
  is it time to goof off ? 
  did you thrash your room with dramatic yells of despair ? 
  did you all have a good laugh ? 
  i mean , i can imagine my family if someone would do that - i 'd have this dumbfounded look of bewilderment on me and the rest would just lose their shit laughing . 
  it 's nutter season !, 
  are you then the messiah or just a very naughty boy ? 
  * crowd gasps *, 
  near , far , whenever they are . 
  i know that my costume will go on . 
  how do you russia ? 
  i am stuck on old model , can only soviet . 
  good union though . 
  to be fair seeman , stirb nicht von mir and ohne dich are one of the most beautiful ( seeman is sad not too romantic but still beautiful ) songs i ever heard . 
  at least he did n't sod off . 
  indulgence is more satan 's department . 
  porn is pure hedonism and that 's why religion does n't condone it . 
  as for god ( if there is such a being ... ) - we will never know . 
  working on my third ball right now , i 'm supply capped . 
  two balls per penis is the exchange rate if i 'm not mistaken . 
  steven wilson - hand can not erase is an awesome album . 
  opeth , anaal nathrakh , sepultura , ne obliviscaris - mostly listen to these all the time . 
  saw swallow the sun last friday - it was a great performance by them . 
  damien rice - 9 . 
  currently listening to death and on the guitar i am learning how to play obscura - anticosmic overload ( just the rhythm section for now ) . 
  older or newer stuff ? 
  devin townsend is a journey . 
  i mean if you start with strapping young lad and go chronologically by his albums/projects . 
  so many different genres . 
  they had a lot of booty , so we called it booty bay . 
  it is serious . 
  that 's how religion defines it 's disdain for porn/excessive pleasure and the whole abstinence vs. indulgence thing . 
  and i can tell your first comment was tongue in cheek , i just wanted to explain this from the point of view of some religious folk i know . 
  i like debating with people and see how they think so we talk even if we do n't agree . 
  most religious people i met have told me so , that 's why i kept it in mind . 
  i do not believe that and abuse porn whenever i feel like it . 
  does that make it more believable ? 
  saw him twice - once was a bit short , but had a great setlist ( three songs off of ocean machine - biomech ) . 
  the other time he was one of the headliners - fear factory being the other . 
  and he had about an hour and 15 minutes . 
  really played a lot of music - planet of the apes was a highlight for me that time . 
  yes . 
  because i was n't interested . 
  i do not . 
  i just was n't interested . 
  lack of interest does not mean lack of ability . 
  i just was n't interested in her in that way . 
  the neverhood . 
  well the best sex is also emotional , not just physical , unless it 's been a really long time and i get horny enough , then i like to indulge the need and go for just physical . 
  but in this case i just sincerely was n't interested in this girl and that 's it . 
  well i would n't say single handedly , but is one of the best ones in the genre , that 's for sure . 
  yeah falling world is good , but from new moon i prefer sleepless swans - because the singer really shows all he is capable of . 
  and the music along the singing is just so heavy and slow . 
  well it 's not morning , so i ca n't tell ya . 
  drek as in shit ? 
  i also like the poetry in equilibrium . 
  yeats wrote some great poetry . 
  did he become williem dafriend then ? 
  peanut package - may contain traces of peanuts . 
  que ? 
  yeah it 's more like he became chicken , rather than eagle . 
  more like every child left behind . 
  why do n't you take a step back and literally fuck your own face !, 
  because if someone else knows your number , he/she can write it within the bathroom . 
  you know , as a joke . 
  one does n't even have to inform the other party of doing that either . 
  now you have to finish so it goes flaccid again and you can get it out . 
  very well said . 
  did a very calm guy just overcook dinner for his girlfriend because she received an unsolicited dick pic ? 
  assholes . 
  for op 's mom 's vagina you 're gon na need to have a tv special : cunt week . 
  so now you are 6/8 ? 
  but this one has a reference to all of the seasons . 
  i 'm not sure sloths are evil enough for that . 
  i 've had the same experience . 
  and now the scar is my reminder of what i was and what i ultimately chose that day - to live . 
  i 'm happy that you got better . 
  months or years . 
  i knew a person that had cancer for a few years . 
  she died about 6 months ago . 
  was 2 years younger than me . 
  i still ca n't even comprehend that . 
  so if i remove violence from the world , all the physical pain from potential violence will remain ? 
  i found it very climactic . 
  as in within the climax of the battle you hear bellatrix yelling avada kedavra and everything just stops , everyone is silent for a few seconds . 
  at least that 's how it was shown in the movie . 
  they just wanted to make it super clear that he was dead . 
  maybe a huge anvil should have dropped and crush the spiked wheel . 
  how is it your bad ? 
  one should be aware that a topic talking about deaths of characters in tv and movies is going to be filled with spoilers . 
  why not ?
