  nice !, 
  but surely you still have to pick a main spec ? 
  i have n't been reading up on legion too much . 
  usually i just figure things out as i go . 
  tool - schism . 
  the symbolism is beautiful to me . 
   favorite band : opeth . 
  yes , even their current stuff . 
  i wonder what sorceress will sound like . 
  i hope they evolve a bit past the 70 's prog vibe . 
  i like it , but i would love to hear them put more of themselves into their music . 
  i would go further back - dig , death blooms . 
  in saying that , determined is n't a bad song , i just prefer these two . 
  i do n't think they are too different - not all that inventive . 
  but they took a well known style of music and shaped it a bit to their liking . 
  they are great musicians though , i would love to see them live . 
  it 's a nice sounding blasphemy . 
  i would go for harlequin forest from ghost reveries . 
  grind carcass or melodic death carcass ? 
  or both ? 
  it 's hard to pick just one . 
  but if i go by which i 'm listening to the most lately - last.fm says that it 's a tie between anaal nathrakh and leprous . 
  well by themselves i did n't mean death metal . 
  it was their choice to not do death metal any more and i like that they have changed . 
  i 'm definitely not expecting any growls at all . 
  and pale communion had some very good songs on it . 
  but i hope they do n't do too many tributes like goblin any more . 
  i liked it when they used a bit of other music like camel in benighted . 
  but i really did n't like goblin and elysian woes off of the newest record . 
  on the other hand songs like moon above , sun below , cusp of eternity , voice of treason and eternal rains will come are just some of the best songs they have written since they changed their style . 
  i do skip some songs . 
  but i hope they really do n't just add more proggy keyboards . 
  if they also add more keyboards , ok . 
  but only that ... 
  i 'm not sure how i will like it . 
  but still as you , i am very excited about the new album . 
  i would get another mirror and let me bang me while i bang me . 
  how would that kill someone ? 
  when she asks if the dress makes her look fat , tell her no , it 's the fat that does it . 
  why ? 
  that would take time and be painful and shit . 
  if i have to go , i want to go quickly . 
  too risky , could just cripple you . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  would you kindly explain that , please ? 
  i mean we did have a winter this year . 
  and there was a lot of snow and all that . 
  surely global warming is a myth . 
  well this is n't about honesty , it 's about dying easy . 
  that would do it . 
  you do n't just fall asleep , your body would definitely fight to keep you alive and pain usually accompanies this instinct . 
  ouch , she will never forget that . 
  i was joking about the fat thing , since it 's a joke thread , at least for me . 
  i would never do that , because it would really destroy her self-esteem . 
  but do n't worry about it , if she has forgiven you - everyone makes mistakes . 
  as long as you learn from it . 
  i mean , no realtionship is perfect , i know i made my share of dumb mistakes . 
  player 2 got fuckin ' rekt . 
  hey man you two enjoy your life the way you want it , i 'm not here to judge , we all make our own poor decisions about something . 
  but when a woman asks if she looks good/fat in the dress or something . . that has nothing to do with her weight . 
  so in that case i learned that i should be careful what i say . 
  it 's not a shame if you enjoy it . 
  i 'm happy to read that you made it out with minor injuries . 
  i do n't mind the taste , it 's the delay in effects that destroyed me . 
  how many cases of shallow pool end divers do you get ? 
  what kind of a monster are you ? 
  well yeah , but just having an expensive guitar without the amp to match wo n't do much . 
  so mastering the guitar can really be done on a guitar that is n't too expensive . 
  once you master it and figure out what you want to play and how . . then you find the tools that will help you do that . 
  if you play at home as a hobby , why would you want to have something that costs you that much money just to play ? 
  i mean if you are a professional or even an amateur band that is trying to make it - go for it if you can . 
  but otherwise , where is the need to do so ? 
  well it is fun . 
  you have gear selection - dress up + guns . 
  then you can also have tactics or just go leeroy jenkins , depends on who you 're playing with and if it 's just for fun or you want to put emphasis on strategy and certain objectives . 
  i do n't want to get shot but i always liked to play strategy games . 
  sir we have nothing interesting to report aside from one of our own men shitting in the third quadrant north east of our target site . 
  request permission to hang these photos all over the base . 
  a similar thing happened to me while drinking vodka for the first time . 
  somewhere my memory ends and starts again with me waking up in the middle of the day thinking - how the fuck did i get here ? 
  but hyenas are actually vultures . 
  and that 's what i would consider a problem . 
  they always had to have stuff brought to them . 
  scar brought them food , they lived outside of the borders where lions lived and the herd probably moved on from the elephant graveyard to a better place . 
  even when scar was in charge it was n't the hyenas who hunted . 
  and one of them even mentions , that it was worse under scar than it was under mufasa . 
  so i think they had to have an arrangement of some sorts and when anyone stepped out of that one - be it hyenas in the pridelands or lions in the elephant graveyard - the one that went past the border was fair game . 
  i ca n't sympathise with him . 
  he only has the power to kill . 
  not the power to bring people back . 
  i mean ... look at both ends of the problem . 
  there are people who deserve to die and people that would have deserved to live . 
  but you never know when someone who at this moment deserves to die will change and become a good person and vice versa . 
  a hero can quickly become a villain . 
  no one can see everything , so judging over life and death is something that i would n't trust to anyone . 
  i agree with you . 
  but movies/cartoons are also symbolic . 
  and since vultures are a sign of someone dying - they used it in a negative connotation in the lion king . 
  and probably elsewhere too . 
  a sign of decay and death and also perhaps shown as incompetent at hunting - they screw up killing simba twice .
