  i wonder which species of beings talked to you . 
  regarding to humans as they . 
  welcome to the rock !, 
  ^ ( dammit ), 
  was meant as dd/m , year is irrelevant . 
  being born at 5 months . 
  after that they had to speed up the birth , otherwise my mum and i would both die . 
  was still almost 2 months too soon . 
  that 's the joke . 
  how 's your melon , lord oberyn ? 
  that 's why i grab a book when i feel a long shit coming on . 
  then i read longer than i poop . 
  as a redditor of reddit , what i love about reddit is that i can reddit while i reddit on reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit , reddit . 
  are you following the damn train ? ^ ^ ^ ( cj ? ), 
  how i met your mother at s07 . 
  i just could n't handle all the drama any more . 
  arrow - did n't make it past the first season . 
  so cheesy . 
  i feel like in supernatural when the supporting actors are good , then it 's watchable . 
  like crowley and castiel . 
  but with the brothers on their own it 's too much repetition of the same thing now . 
  john noble as walter bishop . 
  being so incoherent all the time , but also perfectly genuine when he had to be . 
  not to mention the alternate version of himself . 
  that really depends on the size and form of the tattoo . 
  it 's like asking what kind of make up looks best on girls . . really depends on the girl and what she 's wearing etc. 
  is that when your username kicks in ? 
  do you also wear eye patches in somalia ? 
  hey number one !, 
  you are right , that too . 
  i mean it 's hard to have a general rule about this . 
  it 's one of those things you see if they are good or bad when they are done . 
  sometimes when i browse reddit on my computer and wait for something to load , i open baconit on my cell phone . 
  and then vice versa . 
  so is cirrhosis , apparently . 
  i do , but usually it 's a giant that sends me there . 
  you shall not pass !, 
  i 'm a sine wave motherfucker !, 
  and iiiiiiiiii ^ ^ ( iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ) iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ^ ^ ( iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ) iiiiiiiiiiiii will aaaaaaalwaaaaaays glove youuuuuuuuuuuu ^ ( uuu ) ^ ^ ( uuuuu ) ^ ^ ^ ( uuuuu ) iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii !, 
  then you will die like a heretic . 
  porcupine tree - anesthetize . 
  anaal nathrakh - oil on the sores of lepers, 
  they would have to get a new person to fill my work place . 
  a few people would be sad . 
  nothing more . 
  no milk , a little bit of sugar , on my desk and not scolding hot any more , so i can drink it . 
  i like that . 
  touching me on a single spot . 
  the not so friendly alien . 
  sounds like a life simulator . 
  the sim . 
  a / r/me _ irl simulator . 
  was ? 
  aaaach !, 
  with a hint of lovecraft i.e. 
  tentacles somewhere . 
  what is this ? 
  the twilight zone ? 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't do that gordon . 
  oh goody what did i win , what did i win ? 
  it is good to be the king . 
  / r/dragonsfuckingcars, 
  the inquisition ... what a show . 
  the inquisition ... here we go . 
  i bet you 're wishing , that we 'd go awaaaaaaaay . 
  it 's funny singing this in public . 
  in flames - soundtrack to your escape, 
  got the t-shirt and a poster too . 
  aladdin and lion king disney games . 
  i could tell you everything about every level . 
  depends , are you in soviet russia or not ? 
  there should be no rewards for burning any book . 
  check again and beware of politburo . 
  i 'm doing great . 
  must it necessarily be a dog ? 
  i mean there are other animals you can have as pets that live long lives - like ferrets , cats etc. 
  fvck, 
  anaal nathrakh - oil on the sores of lepers, 
  opeth - beneath the mire ( if playing it counts as well ), 
  most of blackfield 's second album . 
  i got kicked off the broken shore event on my first alt , but it still showed as completed . 
  fringe and arrested development . 
  what ? 
  arrr ? 
  when i ca n't do things that i take for granted now , when i am young . 
  like taking care of myself mostly . 
  and it wo n't be too bad if i ca n't like cook for myself and so on . 
  but when i ca n't go to the bathroom myself , shower by myself and so on , then it 's enough . 
  does it not bother you that a person 's morals are often connected to the ones that their religion holds ? 
  i mean what if you are a member of an extremist cult ? 
  is there an exception to extreme cases ? 
  i think that should be the decision of the parents . 
  i feel both ends of the argument can be perceived as cruel . 
  i think there should be tests about the topic a few days before the vote . 
  i mean that would be really expensive , but if you do n't know enough about the topic that is voted on , then you do n't get to vote . 
  i think being pc to that kind of extreme that you make pc culture look bad , is n't pc . 
  if that makes sense . 
  that someone i thought was my friend was dead . 
  it was engineered by said friend and another friend . 
  needles to say , they became dead to me as soon as i found out that they lied .
