  now robb . . he denied walder a queen because he fucked another , that was also of a house that was loyal to the lannisters . . 
  i mean how cate and robb could expect to walk out of there alive is beyond me . 
  i agree that the whole red wedding massacre was larger than expected and that was the surprise , but them dying was obvious . 
  sitting on a bench reading something :, 
  agalloch - this old cabin, 
  the man in gauze , the man in gauze . 
  what 's yer offer ? 
  i agree , just watched some videos of it yesterday , but i want to finish vanilla first . 
  hi there . 
  yes second game , about halfway . 
  probably going to go for final doom too , there is still plenty of time until the new one comes out . 
  wow , thanks for pointing me towards cacowards , i will check those out . 
  always great to see what people come up with . 
  good memory . 
  i had an inflamed windpipe . 
  not sure how i would handle it without antibiotics . 
  after a week and a half of high temperature i could n't breathe normally any more . 
  was n't a big problem as it was progressing slowly and i had just a little difficulty breathing . 
  got three pills and i was good in three days . 
  without them i might have to wait longer for it to get better - if it got worse , i would n't be able to breathe and would have died . 
  shame, 
  * was, 
  the man in gauze ? 
  sounds like my normal day - avoid responsibilities - take nap from all the hard work . 
  that does n't happen to me , but i frequently dream of dying/killing myself . 
  the second most common dream i have is the falling one . 
  also ahead/behind a bad driver . 
  i get irritated so quickly when driving . 
  similar , just that my mom has to explain where everyone involved in the story is from . . you know it 's the cousin of the mom of your friends third cousins 's sister 's boyfriend 's mom . 
  and then she tries to make me remember people i never knew in the first place . 
  why ? 
  unless you are a werewolf yourself and enjoy that kind of thing . 
  of if you miss that window , you can end it when you notice that it 's a giant monster . 
  just say : i ai n't giving you no three fiddy you goddamn monster !, 
  shroud of distress - life underestimated . 
  bloodbath - year of the cadaver race . 
  was n't that the first one ? 
  haha , great clip . 
  i forgot about that one . 
  nah i just express myself badly . . should have written that i get irritated quickly when someone does stupid shit on the road . 
  be it me driving with them , or someone ahead/behind me . 
  mostly , because i 'm afraid of what will happen . 
  e = mc ^ 2 was a good one too . 
  the rock - the combination of sean connery and nicholas cage being the good guys and goofy . 
  add to that ed harris and david morse on the other side and you 've got a great action movie . 
  also the music is fantastic and it 's a very quotable movie . 
  oh yeah that was a good one too . 
  you could have an army of babies with shotguns . 
  i 'm not op but i agree and yes even her farts . . as in i get a good laugh out of them . 
  also her being relaxed enough to do it in front of me is a good thing . 
  all those moments will be lost in time , like tears in the rain . 
  haha ,, 
  good one !, 
  music , video games , books , go outside , sleep . 
  a few plot holes , but i, 
  really liked the storyline and the movie in general is fun to watch at least the first time . 
  how in the name of zeus 's butthole , did you get out of your cell ? 
  i only ask because in our current situation it could prove to be useful information , maybe !, 
  head on collision with a bike into a car . 
  i was going downhill and he was coming up , but before i crashed i managed to brake and turn right , so i hit the car at an angle that caused me to fall over the car and on the floor instead of hitting the windshield that would probably kill me , since i did n't have my helmet on . 
  managed to get away with a few scratches and i was in pain for about three days , but then it was ok so i did n't even go see a doctor . 
  i 'm fine now . 
  i consider myself truly lucky because of that . 
  or metro 2033 . 
  now guys make up your mind , should i come in or get out of here ? 
  i fart in your general direction !, 
  you 're tearing me apart gets a whole new meaning . 
  pokemon !, 
  then you resurrect as a boomer . 
  it 's a gamble , no doubt about it . 
  i would love to be a ninja zombie . 
  so you 're saying that op has bad taste in music ? 
  if i can go fast or unaware of it : in sleep or a bomb or something like that . 
  if i have to go slow : drowning . 
  i know it hurts and is n't at all pleasant but i love swimming underwater and compared to other slow ways i find this one the best . 
  whenever krunk shows up it get 's too hilarious to notice things like that . 
  what a twist !, 
  vice was aspirine . 
  i always liked gta iii which was gesundheit . 
  well given my expectations i liked it too . 
  i went solely for the monsters . . all the rest does n't really make an impact in movies like that . 
  yeah , but some people go into movies such as this and expect a good story , character development etc. 
  the story and the characters almost could n't be more one dimensional and stereotypical in the movie . 
  and not to mention that the main female protagonist outran a t-rex in high heels . 
  stuff like that bother people and with good reason . 
  but i chose to ignore that , since the main thing for me was how the dinosaurs were made . 
  it 's a great monster movie , but if i put it into a more global aspect of movies in general it 's not really that good . 
  same goes for godzilla - awesome monsters , everything else was just bad . 
  captian claw is one of the best games . . very hard too . 
  jazz jack rabbit 2 - the music alone is awesome . 
  and i always play spaz , cause i find him funnier than jazz . 
  the neverhood - one of the first games i ever played , again awesome music , awesome story and sometimes it 's just hilarious . 
  the lost vikings - bring back memories of playing games with my brother and sister . 
  each of us would control a viking and together we figured out what to do . 
  also funny commentaries from vikings that really made us laugh , great music and first multiplayer game we played ( meant as single but we made it multi ) . 
  oink oink works too . 
  where do they sell those and what does it look like ? 
  and get sued for it . 
  just go for the head and be done with it . 
  no one asks , so no one knows .
