  they are all talk and no show in the cartoon . 
  it 's not a real representation of the animal . 
  but given that it 's a child 's cartoon there has to be a bad guy somewhere . 
  and since the lion king is focused on the circle of life , the hyenas who wait for someone to die are left out . 
  even though i agree that every animal dies and vultures are a bit of a clean up crew and in that way useful . 
  but there has to be a conflict somewhere , not everyone can get along , it is entertainment after all . 
  and it works on our instincts . 
  do n't tell me you would n't find a sight of a vulture eating a human - dead or nearly there horrible . 
  i would . 
  and i know they have to live too and that it 's their way of life and they mostly do n't kill , but still i would be shocked and horrified . 
  even though thinking rationally , they are n't necessary evil . 
  about the sin of killing . 
  the lion king makes it so the killing is n't really a sin . 
  mufasa explains everything to simba about how killing for need is n't bad as long as you keep the balance that scar overthrows by killing mufasa and metaphorically killing simba . 
  killing his spirit to ever return , while telling everyone else that he is dead . 
  the drought on pride rock and the lack of food is also just a symbol of how scar was selfish and what he did made the herds move on . 
  he destroyed a balance and then dumped the duty/blame on other lionesses , again destroying it even further . 
  it 's not just suicide that is romanticized . 
  any kind of death is . 
  dying a hero and all that . 
  maybe it 's just a defence mechanism in most humans . 
  the denial of how horrible death really is , since we all will die at some point . 
  maybe an attempt to force meaning into death , be it deliberate or not . 
  well to be fair there were a lot of bad things and a lot of good things too . 
  but nostalgia usually only remembers the good ones . 
   from the perspective of seeing a dead human . 
  not from the bird eating the human . 
  but maybe that 's pragmatism . 
  i would say it is and most humans are not pragmatic . 
  especially regarding death . 
   a sign of death , but not death itself . 
  yes , but still associated with death . 
  a negative omen nevertheless . 
  i 'm not defending people who see it that way , i just understand why they would be thought of as a negative symbol in a cartoon that needs the dark vs. light conflict in order to make a story . 
   just because loan sharks and drug dealers are criminals , who often deal with the poor , does not make poor people criminals by association . 
  i agree with this too . 
  and it 's a very important point you make about how we perceive the poor . 
  a lot of people will think them criminals by association , because of a lack of empathy . 
  but in cartoons where you are trying to make a point , you have to show things in your own way . 
  most cartoons/movies distort the truth any way , i mean if they were truly realistic , who would watch them ? 
  edit : grammar . 
   city of angels, 
  one of his best roles . 
  as an angel he is a bit awkward but seems to know his place . 
  once he turns into a human he is just weird , since everything is a first for him . 
  such a sad ending , but a very beautiful point that they make . 
  not much because the president does n't really have that much power . 
  it always happens to me . 
  when something bad enough is going on , i just do n't cry . 
  then a few days later , i just breakdown . 
  for example when i heard that my grand father died from cancer , i was ok for a few days . 
  then one day it just hit me on the head and i was sobbing like a bitch for an hour . 
  do n't know why it is so , but that 's what usually happens . 
  but would it be biological or chemical ? 
  by that logic is taco bell nuclear ? 
  so basically putting demon goats into tacos . 
  medical condition known as : serious hit in the thermonuclear end region . 
  edit : or should that be the name of the project ? 
  gendry is confirmed resurrection of bran the builder , but he will be known as the destroyer , since his giant abs will tear down the wall with a single punch . 
  aenys sounds like anise to me . 
  which is a really nice name . 
  it 's not clang , it 's clegane . 
  that comes after clegane is done with the septa . 
  might be a long time . 
  why ? 
  i still like to watch it . 
  and it being filmed in colour would be ok . 
  once i know the problem it 's easier for me to fix your computer than it is to explain why things got that way , to most end users . 
  some are inquisitive and already know some things , but most do n't have a clue and telling you all from the beginning is harder in comparison with fixing most small errors . 
  i am at a place in my life where i would take the million dollars . 
  but if you would have asked me that five years ago , i would change a decision i made . 
  i wonder what the future brings . 
  my drivers license extension exam . 
  i have glasses so i have to do it every 10 years . 
  nevermore - the sound of silence . 
  ( simon & garfunkel ) - better in it 's own genre , since they make a completely new song . 
  if i want to listen to minimalism then i go to s & g 's version . 
  decapitated - mandatory suicide ( slayer ) - i just prefer the growl, 
  version , in no way is slayer 's version bad . 
  agalloch - kneel to the cross ( sol invictus ) - maybe because i heard it first by them and the live version was great too . 
  again the original is n't in any way bad , but agalloch 's version is better for me . 
  edit : also placebo - running up that hill . 
  but how is he a villain ? 
  i mean sure he does n't get along with the main characters , but he is in no way evil . 
  too stupid to be genuinely evil in my opinion . 
  why do you consider him a villain ? 
  i agree with the first one , but i prefer bowie for the man who sold the world . 
  but nirvana 's version is in no way bad . 
  i have only one problem with all behind blue eyes covers , everyone ignores the second part , which is pretty much essential if you listen to the lyrics . 
  i mean fred sang the part well , but why cut out the second part ? 
  it adds a lot to the song . 
  both do . 
  but i prefer david 's voice to kurt 's , at least for his own songs . 
  please elaborate on that further , i do n't know enough to form an opinion of my own . 
  but hawkeye is n't a saint either . 
  in my opinion the war is the villain in that show . 
  that i agree with , but for me a villain means someone who is evil , who is malicious against the protagonist . 
  not the one who is on the opposite side . 
  i mean an antagonist is not necessarily a villain . 
  but a villain is most definitely the antagonist in most cases .
