  disguised . 
  haha , wow . 
  that picture of it is just so cute . 
  i will probably remember this meaningless piece of trivia and try to use it whenever we talk about loch ness monsters , which is about twice in 30 years . 
  i would n't mind dying if those were my only two choices . 
  what about baking ? 
  i do n't think this goes only for addicts . 
  most people that are in a bad situation and are unwilling to change , will remain there . 
  sure you can help them change , like removing some of their burdens so they can experience something new . 
  but if they are just using you ... well that 's another story . 
  that you have to pick up on and stop immediately . 
  it 's very hard in a situation like that . 
  maybe , i mean imagine if you ask for a source and someone says : `` a random person on the internet wrote that . '', 
  even if it is true , no one will believe you . 
  but about certain events that can be proven - sure why not . 
  like secret santa or when someone does something really good for another person through reddit . 
  some people need to get conquered by romans . 
  well with that face , i ca n't say i blame her . 
  like george carlin said : `` i could n't kill myself , if my life depended on it '' . 
  #joey does n't share food !, 
  you dropped this \\ \\, 
  creatures we do n't know a lot about . 
  i mean i love animals in general ( yes even spiders , snakes , bugs and people ) . 
  i am very interested in living beings - biologically and psychologically . 
  but there are creatures we do n't even know a lot about , like the big fin squid for example . 
  what do you deem as a cool and/or weird animal ? 
  i wonder how he/she explained that to others . 
  so yeah i was just hanging out with my fellow chickens and i was curious what the eggs taste like . 
  i have to tell you it 's better without the shell . 
  i think sneezing was a sign of the plague ( or some other disease ) in the old days . 
  and since a lot of people died of the plague ( or that other disease ) , bless you is like saying : `` oh my god you sneezed near me , i hope i do n't get the disease you have , since it 's got to be pretty bad given that sneezing appears as a symptom of one of the most deadly diseases that existed . 
  oh and hopefully you do n't die of it either '' . 
  bless you just sounds shorter . 
  now coughing has many causes and most of them are n't all that deadly . 
  well yeah it is an irrational thing to try to convince others to have children . 
  but a lot of people see life as a gift and that others are selfish for denying this gift to others . 
  i do n't agree with them , it 's just what some of them told me . 
  even though you are not op , this is really a cute one . 
  that i tried to off myself once . 
  especially , since they would make a big deal out of it . 
  it 's way in the past and i 'm ok now . 
  how did i end up like this ? 
  might be . 
  never said i was n't wrong , that 's just an explanation i got off the top of my head . 
  but jazz - that 's where demons truly lie . 
  assuming direct control . 
  that is truly fascinating , however !, 
  wow that was nice , will read on this one . 
  well it 's even breathing through it 's ass . 
  if i take a human analogy to this concept it can only be applied to speaking . 
  but that 's a great thing . 
  a symbiosis with stuff living up your butt , imagine that . 
  if only there was a creature that could feed on poop = never have to shit again . 
  we need to go deeper . 
  but if you could be sure that every fart would be a fart , i do n't see the problem . 
  that 's the kind of things i like about animals , yes . 
  haha ferrets are crazy , i would love to have one . 
  rats are also very interesting in their behaviour . 
  had three , but sadly only one is alive now . 
  oh my , those bug fights got very real very quickly . 
  true , but they do n't eat all of my poop . 
  i guess i 'll have to read this one . 
  maybe he rich . 
  i ca n't imagine having to explain my comment history . 
  that would be very awkward . 
  i 'm building and managing hospitals . 
  justin bieber . 
  it 's almost as if music interpretation is a subjective matter . 
  not everyone likes music just because it 's catchy . 
  as long as i can not listen to it , because in my opinion it 's a bad song . 
  what reason is not acceptable ? 
  first few albums are n't bad . 
  but being safely mediocre just does n't do it for me . 
  in saying that i do n't hate someone for making bad music . 
  opeth , steven wilson , devin townsend and decapitated all sound better live . 
  well depends on what kind of day they are having obviously . 
  listen to some music to calm down , then deal with the problem . 
  unless you have to deal with the problem immediately . 
  then i just push my feelings aside and deal with it . 
  i 'll have time to be angry/sad about it later . 
  for me little things in the day tend to help . 
  just so you have something to look forward to , no matter what it is . 
  like watching a good movie/series . 
  listen to good music . 
  playing a game you like , maybe reading a book or just relaxing on the sofa with your eyes closed . 
  it does n't have to be something grand , just something you really want to do to improve your day . 
  something that is n't dependant on others would be even better . 
  i hope you are mistaken . 
  i mean , it would make a lot of sense in the books and that would actually be good . 
  but in the show , they are just so annoying . 
  i hope a dragon eats them or something . 
  liter ` o'cola is french for give me some fucking cola !, 
  i 'm fed up with this wrlrlr . 
  i would go back to 8.1 if that would be happening to me . 
  i mean , i really dislike them taking away control and forcing us like that . 
  with saying that , i have had no problem with windows 10 on any of my devices that uses the os . 
  the only annoying thing is , if you miss the updates notification , it might restart at an inconvenient time - so i manually set it to a time when i am not active on the computer . 
  everything else is working well . 
  what did you not like about it ? 
  in my experience 8.1 was a bit more stable than 8 .
