  oh you are one of them romans ? 
  why do n't you go to house ? 
  i am great magician !, 
  do you hear bells ? 
  wasted ... none . 
  spent ? 
  a lot . 
  in saying that , i mean only listening to music , no multi tasking . 
  i think there was a russian game that adapted to your game play or something like that a while back . 
  and of course what followed in the comments was : in soviet russia , game plays you . 
   but man was there ever ... stuff ... in that movie aimed at males, 
  it 's been a long time since i 've seen it , what would you say was aimed at males ? 
  or do i completely misunderstand your statement ? 
  oh right yes , i remember now . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  but the other actresses had more roles that had perhaps even a bit more for men that this one that 's why i was asking . 
  they developed into better actresses or got better roles . 
  except lindsay lohan and the vintage lohan thing was probably not deliberate , i mean ... who could have predicted that she would turn into an addict ? 
  if she went on as she started , she would be actually very cute/beautiful if you ask me . 
  but then any movie that has at least one woman is aimed at men . 
  bango bongo , i do n't want to leave the congo oh no , no , no , no , noooo . 
  in all seriousness . . 
  i pretty much disagree . 
  i 've seen the first half hour of the notebook and while rachel is good looking , it 's not worth watching that movie just because of her . 
  she has better movies . 
  my chair . 
  but then again it could be worse - if the chair could smell . 
  that 's where the real trouble starts . 
  any kind of shoe that can come off just like that or has your foot at a weird angle on a pedal should be illegal to drive in . 
  just have another pair of shoes in your car . 
  i get that this is just an analogy and i do agree that we have to reflect on ourselves and improve what we do n't like about us . 
  but if your sole goal for improving is to please others , then is that really you ? 
  i mean , will it really last ? 
  maybe i 'm just too individualistic in this aspect and i feel the need for the freedom to be what i want to be - to a degree of course . 
  you have to be a bit selfish , but not too much . 
  because being completely selfless is n't a good way to function either . 
  sometimes you should n't care if someone stops `` playing '' . 
  when you have done your best and adapted a lot but the other person just wo n't . 
  that can take a lot of motivation away and you can fall back to your old ways quickly . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , do n't go and change just because you want people to like you , but it can be one of the reasons , surely . 
  find a compromise between your desires and fitting in . 
  dumb or a perfect diversion ? 
  i do n't know , i preferred the first hellboy . 
  i mean the first one has lovecraft all over it and while it can be cheesy , i like it . 
  i think the second one has too much hellboy vs. liz in it . 
  and all the baby stuff ... 
  i mean the rest is brilliant . 
  it 's visually appealing , i mean you can tell it 's del toro 's work . 
  but you can tell that in the first one too . 
  maybe i just prefer the wwii/rasputin/occult setting as opposed to the more of a lighter fantasy setting in the second one . 
  what do you mean censored version ? 
  well the dialogue is mostly puns . 
  which is n't bad , but it is n't that good either . 
  i have yet to see this one . 
  i mean given the casting and the premise of the movie , i 'm in for a hell of a ride . 
  was n't he the only gomez addams ? 
  i mean , i do n't really imagine someone doing the character as he has . 
  that 's a lot of nuts !, 
  oh , so that was the only thing they censored ? 
  because that 's just ridiculous . 
  i was wondering what was so bad , that it had to be censored . 
  never would have thought that it was that scene . 
  there 's a third film ?!, 
  but i feel like tim curry would n't be good for gomez . 
  should i watch it at all ? 
  also yeah you 're right about astin , i forgot about the tv show . 
  did see it , but forgot the actor . 
  he did a splendid job at playing gomez too . 
  ok , i will heed your advice . 
  i should rewatch the tv show and the movies , then i can compare . 
  it 's been a while since i watched both , but i remember liking both the show and both movies . 
  yeah , i find violence and racism way more offensive than nudity . 
  be it female or male nudity , i do n't care . 
  as long as it 's not nudity just for the sake of it . 
  i mean it 's bizarre if you think about it . 
  naked people should be censored , but let 's leave scenes of people getting killed . 
  i ca n't understand the logic . 
  edit : this was meant in general in media , not in wild wild west specifically . 
  that 's the best thing , when you have an inside joke like that with your partner . 
  while my gf and i have our own , she sadly never wants to watch kung pow . 
  i 've seen it about five times , she has n't even seen it once . 
  i very much agree with what you wrote here . 
  of course you have to go against yourself , but what i meant was that changing because of others is a very delicate thing . 
  your motivation depends upon others , that rarely is a good thing . 
  i do think that if a person genuinely wants to be alone , miserable , never laughing . . well that 's their choice . 
  as long as you do n't harm others , i think you should do what you want . 
   that 's what improving yourself will be like , there will be things you try and decide that it is n't a direction that you want to go with your game , other times you will try something and think it will be pointless and then it 's a major selling point . 
  the world is complex like that . 
  you also ca n't please everyone and some people are to demanding of your game or want it catered just to them , you may have to let them stop playing or just accept the game the way it is . 
  i think this brought the analogy home . 
  very well said . 
  i regularly quote kung pow . 
  drives my gf nuts . 
  yes it 's true . 
  that guy is very powerful and very scary . 
  i like how it takes hellboy and the head of the fbi ( or is it cia ? 
  ) 's division for paranormal to beat him . 
  and he is very well presented as a calm , patient man ( ? 
  i guess now i know which series i 'm binge watching over the holidays . 
  where do whores go ?
