  also deleting the internet - only deleted the short cut to a browser . 
  so you were naked ? 
  in all seriousness , maybe that 's why indeed . 
  not sure when high heels got popular/accepted . 
  but how do they fit them into the tiny envelope ? 
  which part ? 
  i mean head would obviously be worse than finger . 
  saw them this year at metaldays - 30th anniversary , played a song from every album and one among them was panic attack . 
  it 's a great song for live performances . 
  i do n't mind falling into infinity , but it 's definitely not my favourite . 
  my favourite would be either scenes from a memory or black clouds and silver linings . 
  haha , as was i trying to learn the fatal tragedy solo . 
  yes . 
  maybe that one hits too close to home for someone :d, 
  true . 
  will do that on my next gameplay . 
  i usually do it once a year at least . 
  i should go . 
  yes !, 
  i was so afraid that he was going to die during virmire . 
  are you even a real bolton ? 
  that 's a kickass song . 
  i like it . 
  thank you for posting . 
  you can do that on facebook too - make groups and set what you share with each group . 
  or one could delete people that post stupid shit on their walls . 
  i read the book and knew what will happen and still that scene pissed me off . 
  what a sexy , curved mono brow . 
  ah fuck it . 
  and a bad cover design , does n't necessarily mean the author is bad . 
  a bunch of useful hotkeys/commands here . 
  food and a few books are always in there . 
  i thought so too . 
  you can survive a shot to the head . 
  but you have to be rather lucky . 
  but can molten lava melt steel beams ? 
  maybe they used the same technique - lava in the planes and that 's why one just fell down in a field - they triggered it too soon . 
  also explains why the planes just disappeared , they melt because of the lava . 
  illuminati confirmed on both accounts !, 
  depends on the sauce . 
  is your name neo ? 
  i agree . 
  i know a lot of women who say that erection is a sign of consent . 
  but that 's like saying that a woman getting wet is a sign of her consent , while both of those are just biological responses to stimulations . 
  chemical x !, 
  but allergy is a good enough reason to want to give the pet away . 
  either find a new home or even to the shelter if you really are unable to find a suitable home . 
  but giving animals away because they grow up ? 
  let 's just start killing people when they are old enough while we 're at it . 
  it 's just a prank bro !, 
  it does n't work on windows phone - you can swipe all you want and it does n't move . 
  at least not on my phone . 
  it 's not the booze handling that bothers me , the car handling is another matter however . 
  not sure why you got down voted , i do agree that predators would more likely attack someone that they can see is scared as opposed to someone who appears not to be afraid of them . 
  that 's how i got robbed once . 
  and her son with broken hands . 
  even taken seriously the statement is a good one . 
  if they do reject you that means they have more than enough of everything to give to the refugees . 
  that can only be a good thing . 
  oh , then i misunderstood your comment . 
  every time i played i fear them most , so powerful and hearing that scream is an instant : `` oh shit !, 
  my message ringtone . 
  so the bullet ricocheted to hit the save button . 
  he aims we -, 
  be prepared from lion king . 
  jeremy irons has such a great voice and the part that starts at : `` so prepare for the coup of the century '' is just so climactic . 
  and the whole funny part of : `` no king , no king , lalalalalala '', 
  my fathers , the funny part is , i never even knew him . 
  after him , my grandfather , who was the only male father figure i had . 
  wow , interesting . 
  i mean , i like the whole song , but that last part is just awesome musicianship . 
  edit : that 's not a petty detail , but an interesting trivia fact . 
  and where do we feature ? 
  i like the lyrics . 
  they sound dastardly . 
  ne obliviscaris - phyrric but only the last five minutes . 
  just have a seat , have a seat right over there . 
  or same sex if you are into that kind of relationships . 
  my calls - find creepy mcdonalds commercial on youtube . 
  someone made parodies of mcdonald 's commercials and i find them hillarious - always makes me laugh . 
  only the spoken thing is part of the ringtone , not the whole commercial . 
  for my messages , i have the sound of a murloc . 
  i would provide links , but i am at work at the moment . 
  we 're no strangers to looove . 
  you know the rules and ^ ( so ) do ^ ( iiii ), 
  i seem to have too many threads open ... sorry . 
  no , i am waiting for a script to finish executing . 
  so i went to reddit for a while . 
  others read the news if they are waiting for something . 
  or sometimes we talk , if there are two or more people waiting . 
  as long as it 's all text it is n't a problem . 
  i can watch a video if it 's a tutorial , but watching a creepy commercial at work is out of the question . 
  does gay marijuana make you even happier than regular one ? 
  man if i was your workmate , i would probably always sing along :d, 
  what 's the point in being anonymous in an activity that everyone takes part in ? 
  just one more day ... 
  according to religion he is n't dead , but i agree that he is very famous . 
  so wait david blew 10 guys to meet himself ? 
  that must have been an interesting journey . 
  my sources tell me that backdoor sluts 9 was better , so i vote for that one .
