  or maybe just hit ctrl + s anytime you leave the computer . 
  and shift + ctrl + d ( chrome ) to save your tabs as bookmarks . 
  of course not sharing with the whole family . . just my so . 
  i mean if either one of us had any disease ( like herpes ) we would definitely tell each other if not for other reasons , because we have sex . 
  i have and it 's indeed very well written . 
  my dad was very quiet during the whole film . 
  good one though . 
  well at least i 'm not known as blue balls brad so i 've got that going for me . 
  well yeah i have , but i would probably get and disease my girlfriend has anyway . 
  i mean , let 's see ... we kiss , french kissing is basically licking someone else 's mouth/tongue , we bite each other , not to mention the old in and out . 
  so to what disease am i not already exposed through that behaviour ? 
  that 's a matter of perspective and i 'm happy to say , i do n't have an opinion on whether piss is good or bad in taste . 
  hm , not sure if it would be better to have diarrhea in this case or not . 
  i mean , chunks are surely harder to swallow , but there 's usually less of them . 
  while with diarrhea there is a lot to wipe , but easier to swallow . 
  definitely . 
  but when you are robbed of that relationship that is so beautifully shown there - you ca n't help but take it negatively . 
  he was never an influence in my life , he can never be - there 's nothing anyone can do about it . 
  the only influence is that i miss something that i do n't know what it 's like to have . 
  well i do n't shave my jugular , but if i cut myself shaving , i can wash the razor . . same as any knife with which i prepare food and accidentaly cut myself or any other sharp object i 'm clumsy with . 
  but then if you cut yourself preparing a meal there is blood on the knife that is used to prepare meals in the future all the time ? 
  do you use a high-powered sterilizer to clean those ? 
  i have once as well . 
  was n't my thesis , a smaller assignment . 
  that 's the wrong direction !, 
  i felt his death was the worst part . 
  i mean did n't he die , before the child found the new family ? 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  i 'm not completely sure either . 
  but as i recall , his father dies and then the child kind of roams alone for a while and then meets this other family , but he has to make sure they are n't one of them ( cannibals ) . 
  ultimately he goes with them and the movie ends . 
  but later on they are pretty much shown as friends . 
  especially in the episode where tom inherits a lot of money . 
  but jerry misses him , so he 's bustin ' up his shit until tom realizes that friendship is more important than money . 
  but they are both always destructive anyway . 
  i mean he even says : `` i 'm giving up a million dollars - but i 'm happy '' . 
  yeah but fletcher was really passionate about life and really great but mostly absent . 
  while the new guy was just held back - he does n't show even a bit of a sense of humour in the movie , he 's very cold and kind of distant . 
  i feel like he is playing it safe . 
  even with the claw - he uses one finger , while fletcher basically tickles the little guy mercilessly . 
  i mean fletcher is hardly a role model - always absent , cheating on his wife and all that . 
  but the new guy is n't all that good either . 
  he 's like a talking statue . 
  em , he was n't neglected - he always destroyed everything . 
  he is basically responsible for their creation , there is an episode about this . 
  yeah you really over simplified everything here . 
  surely he gets beat without a reason a few times ( the teeth thing and when they think it 's him , but he did n't do anything ) . 
  he is n't exactly an innocent little monkey nor is he neglected . 
  he often tries to kill them and he is one of the bad guys . 
  i mean you can focus on one episode , but look at the big picture - the whole story . 
  he is a very bad monkey . 
  very smart though , but uses his intellect for bad most of the time . 
  maybe they just wanted to show that even if you betray the son of god and truly repent , he would forgive you - like peter who denied ever knowing him . 
  but judas went to take his own life - a gift from god he has thrown away - so he is n't a good person according to christianity 's teachings . 
  and yeah the situation peter was in is n't as bad as judas 's , but how you deal with it is ultimately up to you , if he had faced himself and repented , he would go to heaven , but he could n't and so ended his life , giving away the last hope he had for redemption . 
  while peter is an important person in christianity , he was even crucified the same as jesus , but upside down . 
  i think that 's the message : no matter how much you fuck up , you should always face yourself and try to improve that , rather than run away from it and let guilt/sorrow consume your life . 
  i would just like to point out that he was n't just an actor . 
  there are videos on youtube where he reads poems . 
  and he interprets them very well , he also has a very beautiful voice . 
  you wo n't believe how these parents named their kids , number 5 will shock you as he has a wife you know ... 
  unless they start at your head , which means a lot of suffering until they get to your brain - sawing up bone must hurt a lot . 
  i would n't mind if it would be good soup . 
  and not scalding hot of course . 
  tl ; dr : save galaxy even though no one believes you . 
  tl ; dr : save galaxy , some people believe you ( cerberus ) . 
  tl ; dr : great game , shit ending . 
  tl ; dr : creepy game placed in a retro setting - wo n't make sense until the end . 
  i might have phrased my previous comment the wrong way . 
  you would n't survive for long if they started at your head , but it would still hurt a lot as sawing into someone 's skull is n't all that quick and painless , i mean sawing into bone . 
  better than starting at genitals , surely . 
  i like flatlands . 
  well yeah if my ass fell off , i would be pretty miffed . 
  [ there ya go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivpboyem8eu ) this one is recited rather than read . 
  yeah but such a different kind of acting . 
  i mean if you 're an actor , even if in a theater , overacting a bit usually is n't a problem . 
  but if you do that while reading/interpreting a poem , it can come off as very bad . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , that i 've heard a lot of poets interpreting songs , but they could n't act to save their life and vice versa - once at an award show for poetry an actress was interpreting a poem and i could n't tell if she was gasping for air or having an orgasm . 
  that 's just my experience and what i think of it . 
  but the breast can be shown , the nipple is usually covered . 
  not only asking , sometimes it 's more like saying . 
  stuff like : it 's soon going to be your turn to have kids . 
  and then you say : `` maybe not . '', 
  and people are shocked as if you killed someone . 
  i have to remember this one . 
  / r/shittyaskscience might welcome you . 
  or compromise for things that only one spouse really wants to do and the other does n't . 
  like something for me , something for you ( as long as it 's not completely extreme ) and of course something for both . 
  yes , my rat was exactly like that . 
  just had to put one down - had tumors and neurological damage from them , he could n't even catch his balance , could n't eat on his own too well - it was time to let him go , as he was really suffering . 
  i took both of my rats with me , so the other one would see him/smell him when he was dead . 
  he does n't go look for him - but he is a bit depressed/not as lively as he used to be . 
  my dad died when i was 1 year old and i do n't remember his funeral , seeing his body - hell i do n't remember even seeing him alive . 
  and sometimes i catch myself developing this crazy conspiracy , what if he is alive etc. 
  it 's not deliberate , just my train of thought takes me to a crazy place . 
  or my dream sometimes . 
  and while i do dream about other dead people i cared about ( them being alive ) , i never think of them so , as i saw them dead at a point or attended their funeral and that was closure for me . 
  funerals are not for the dead ones , but for the ones that remain alive . 
  i think it 's the idolising people that 's the problem . 
  we are taught who we should admire by society , parents , peers etc.
