  but he has a very good heart and he knows how to deal with people ( he gets chief to speak for example ) . 
  he is n't strict in a routine and is the complete opposite of the nurse , who is strict and cold . 
  i got the feeling she sees them as projects and she has strict timetables and processes she needs them to go through , even if that does n't seem to help them . 
  i think they are both dangerous to the patients . 
  but they are exactly the polar opposites of an extreme behaviour , that 's why they clash in the end . 
  the only problem i see here is that she has all the power , while jack plays an underdog and of course we as viewers ca n't help but root for him . 
  nah man tank and dozer , link was on in reloaded . 
  well they have to make it so that you can see how misdirected he is . 
  i mean cameron ( or what 's his name ) targets people that are lost . 
  do n't forget that his father was racist - that 's a big influence on a child . 
  and after his death of course it was easy to go on and blame a group of people that were shown as negative to him , especially after being exposed to cameron . 
  that does n't excuse his actions at all , but when you look at the movie as a whole , he ends up being the good guy . 
  he realizes what a piece of shit he was and he experiences some nasty shit in jail . 
  for him it 's definitely a redemption story and in the end that makes him a good guy , at least in my opinion . 
  it can be tough experiencing death of a parent at such age and a lot of kids grow up with a sense of misdirected anger . 
  i was one of those kids - never did anything like killing someone or too extreme . 
  but there is still a lot of anger in me sometimes and i have to work on it . 
  you aim well . 
  why not ? 
  but that 's just a movie . 
  i go on the road to work each day and i might not come back from that either . 
  unless you have claustrophobia , it 's just another place to explore . 
  for me it 's not timed . 
  but when someone starts saying no this is not as you said it 's like this ... * insert their misconception here * , that 's where i look for the fastest way to get out of there . 
  no she is n't sold as a sex toy . 
  he is always very gentle with her and asks her if she wants to have sex multiple times ... after the wedding . 
  after he shows her the place and after all the ceremonies are over - something known as the wedding night in our culture . 
  sure the sex is rough and not too personal , but they have only just met . 
  they change their ways afterwards , when danny gets more courage and learns to speak dothraki . 
  he welcomes these changes . 
  i do n't think it was handled well in the show . 
  she was afraid of him at first , but she did say yes . 
  i did n't see it as a bad thing , the bad thing was viserys basically trading her . 
  i agree about the ramsay scene though . 
  and i think it fucked up more than just one character 's arc - at least two characters and two families . 
  yesterday you told me about the blue blue sky and all that i can see is lemon stealing whores !, 
   ~ ~ elba ~ ~ elbow . 
  ftfy, 
  officer , we 're havin ' a doozy of a day . 
  i also watch yu-gi-oh . 
  yeah man , star trek . 
  can * you * ? 
  anathema - one last goodbye ( with vocals and lyrics ) . 
  anathema - violence ( instrumental ) . 
  but what are they , when their masks fall off ? 
  perrie cox if he 's male . 
  then lie down on the bed and close your eyes . 
  two dogs made a cat - something smells fishy here . ^ ( is it you op ? ), 
  not much . 
  people would laugh at me , since they would find my `` poems '' . 
  also reddit posts , i 'm not too serious in my answers . 
  some jokes would make my parents ashamed of me . 
  others they would laugh at . 
  my friends and co-workers would n't mind too much . 
  would get a few jokes at my expense , but no serious consequences . 
  my online activity is not that interesting . 
  reddit , gaming , porn , youtube and googling computer problems . 
  my dad being alive . 
  i just want to know what he was like . 
  it is a memory , since he died when i was a year old . 
  just have to dig deep enough , i guess . 
  playing my guitar and sing . 
  maybe not too healthy on my vocal chords , even though i 'm trying to control my voice , to make as little damage as possible . 
  nah , even if you stop breathing , you will live for the rest of your life . 
  nah , you can bite the hand that feeds you . 
  that 's exactly what snowden did . 
  i know it 's just a phrase , but in this case , his life is on the line . 
  sing , growl and scream . 
  depends on my mood and the music i play/sing along to . 
  i suppose you have to be real true , to be a member of this club . 
  it 's french for gim me some fucking cola !, 
  why must it be taboo then ? 
  you would n't !, 
  i like oblivion too . 
  if the proof is strong enough so that it 's not disputed , change my ideas . 
  i do n't think it 's displaying depression . 
  first of all it happens in a matter of a few days . 
  i perceive depression as way worse . 
  but what she went through is more like - excited to move to a new environment , then frustration at all the things that happened . 
  ranging from bad pizza , having to sleep on the floor , embarrassing herself in front of her new peers , to losing relationships . 
  finally it ended with anger , but in the end it kind of showed how sadness is very necessary at times . 
  because joy was keeping sadness away from all the `` important stuff '' all the time . 
  but in the end it was sadness that was also very important - to face it and feel sad in order to make things better . 
  because being sad is n't the same as being depressed , even if someone is sad for a month or two . 
  depends on the gravity of the situation . 
  i do n't think she lost emotions . 
  because in the end it was an emotion that solved everything . 
  i do n't think depression is even remotely that easy to get rid of . 
  but i never had it , so i would n't know . 
  but that 's just my opinion , of course . 
  well i get bored if it 's all the same . 
  but i do n't mind `` brutal '' parts all the time . 
  i mean a lot of time in metal the vocals are used as another instrument . 
  in other genres vocals are often used as above other instruments . 
  but with growling it 's mostly so that every instrument has a role to play in the sound of the band . 
  and i really like it when the voice is n't completely above everything else in the mix . 
  it can make an interesting sound - for example ne obliviscaris often combine growling/screaming with a clean voice or a violin . 
  it 's a very good show of opposites combined . 
  i do n't know it makes it very powerful music for me . 
  i like opposites in my music .
