  sold me drugs once , still using them . 
  that 's why you never inject two marihuanas . 
  all children are monsters . 
  it is known . 
  the spider then looked you in the eye with all it 's blue eyeballs opened it 's mouth to reveal fangs of unnatural size , opened it 's mouth and lifted two of his legs as if gathering strength and then bit your face off ? 
  afterwards , i ask the nurse to give me some sleeping pills since , i ca n't sleep . 
  then i snatch the bottle from her hands and swallow all of it 's contents , so i can join them . 
  another strange observation . 
  chinese restaurant 's business booming all of a sudden . 
  well the cause of it is my alarm starts blaring . 
  the reason is that my body still works . 
  my purpose ? 
  i do n't have one , just curious about life and trying to experience as many things as i can , while surviving in this society . 
  i 'm afraid , i ca n't do that , dave . 
  not a deal breaker , but it depends on the situation as with every girl . 
  if the bad outweighs the good , then i would probably nope the fuck out of there . 
  but i would maybe be a little more tolerant , since being a single mother is hard on the mother and children . 
  well i have n't been a single parent yet , but a child of a single parent . 
  well of course not . 
  religion is irrational , critical thinking is best done if you are rational . 
  do n't take it at face value , it 's more like history of the certain movement . 
  i 'm not religious , but it bothers me that so many people take religious texts literally . 
  does n't matter if the person is religious or not . 
  man , which church did you go to ? 
  because that 's just shameful how some clergy can only be moralistic . 
  a big part of religion is also forgiveness and realising that you are not perfect . 
  also it 's not about begging for forgiveness , but realising that you made a mistake and bettering yourself , while also asking for forgiveness . 
  i completely agree with you that it 's demoralising and stupid to just preach and put people down . 
  i left for other reasons , but i can see why you would n't like it anymore . 
  i just have my own ideas about spirituality/religion , that are not compatible with any kind of congregation . 
  it 's very individualistic in nature , or maybe i just have n't found a person that really shares the same view . 
  i mean , i ca n't say that among 7 billion people , i am the only one who thought of a certain idea . 
  ankle watch ? 
  how do you define god ? 
  hey as long as you do n't force it on me , you can believe whatever you want . 
  i have a problem believing what you do , so i have my own idea about what god might be as well . 
  but i wo n't call you stupid for your beliefs . 
  sure , i have had some problems with people in church too . 
  be they part of the clergy or just people who go to church . 
  but i 've had a lot of good experiences too . 
  some people are very open and do n't care what you believe . 
  it 's just sad to see that we mostly hear about the negative ones . 
  even though i do n't practice this religion , some religious people do n't mind , while others get offended and are jerks about it . 
  well that 's the thing . 
  i do n't really have a system . 
  it 's more or less based on experience . 
  one thing i really choose to believe is that you can take lessons from anything . 
  be it good or bad in nature . 
  if you want guidance from holy books , read as much of them as you can , use what you deem good and move on . 
  and the most important thing is to allow change . 
  all of us have our ways , but going out of your comfort zone regularly , gives you another perspective . 
  we should n't limit ourselves to one region of people and what they thought was the best way to live . 
  sure some of it is environmental for example not drinking alcohol if you live in the desert . 
  but since we can move around so easily , if you go elsewhere , that rule need not apply anymore . 
  very few `` truths '' are universal , one must adapt to the environment he/she is in . 
  you do n't lose identity that way . 
  i do n't see religion as an identity , but as guidance and through my actions is where my identity is revealed . 
  it 's also very important to see your mistakes , admit them to yourself and start working on getting better . 
  but that 's just in theory , i am not perfect and i ca n't really always do that - sometimes i am too late to realise my mistakes . 
  that 's what i want to be like . 
  sure . 
  i would n't mind . 
  but a bit inconvenient when someone asks you about the time . 
  rather not , my religion would be fucked up , given my kind of imagination . 
  depends on your perspective . 
  truth to a person who has belief . 
  an unsubstantiated claim to someone who doubts . 
  but as long as one does n't try to convince the other that his view is the right one , i think we can coexist . 
  no , but that 's how faith works . 
  well the old testament is an account of the past . 
  what people used to believe was true . 
  the rules they made up for their survival and socio-economic development . 
  add in some fantasy elements and you have a religious book . 
  do you always read books just for the story or can you see an allegory or a metaphor in the stories you read ? 
   `` these high walls are n't be because i want to keep people out , i 'm just very particular about who i let in '', 
  trump material right here . 
  i 'm a toaster , i do toast . 
  so satan has a very long , but a very thin cock . 
  good to know . 
  is that like potpourri , but smells like shit ? 
  follow up question ... how is that going to help you ? 
  i would also like to add that pooping is completely normal and if it smells just open the window . 
  you do n't have to hide or feel bad because of it . 
  it 's nice that you are courteous though , i 'm not that good , i just wait till i 'm all done and then flush after i see what came out of me . 
  my gf starts laughing when i do this . 
  even if we are arguing . 
  unless it would be too serious of an argument , you know the ending of relationship kind of things or some real problems that affect us indirectly . 
  actually made it funny , i would have looked for a difference for about 15 minutes before i would figure out that it 's the same picture . 
  speaking as gimli , never trust an elf . 
  and every murderer , child molester , rapist and thief has been abusing this substance pretty much daily . 
  is it time for us to give it up ? 
  i mean , just to be safe . 
  yeah , but you ca n't say that someone will not know true happiness if they do n't do what makes you happy . 
  we are different . 
  i still think that the statement alone is stupid . 
  for example : i will be very happy when i learn the song i 'm currently learning to play on guitar . 
  but i know that does n't mean shit to most other people . 
  some guitarists might want to discuss it , some techniques and so on . 
  my friends might be happy , that i achieved a goal and progressed a bit , since we talk about our interests . 
  but if i told someone that they wo n't know true happiness until they do that . . well that 's bullshit .
