  well you do n't really burden a four year old with the meaning of death and that everyone will die at some point . 
  so i think that they do n't really think it 's wrong to point that out . 
  just like it happened with my girlfriends nephew . 
  he pointed out that one of my girlfriends sister is fat . 
  but he did n't mean it in a bad way , like making fun of her , he just knew what fat and skinny means , but not that pointing it out could offend anyone . 
  he really was n't old enough to perhaps process how someone could be offended by that . 
  first half of the game you stand in a trench and then you go over the top and die ? 
  i started violin when i was in 1st grade . 
  three years and then i quit . 
  then i had a bit of a break from music . 
  at 14 i started playing classical guitar - on my own this time not in music school . 
  at 17 i bought my first electric guitar and have been playing ever since . 
  i am now 26 and play at least an hour a day . 
  if i wanted to play in a band i would probably have to rehearse more , but i do n't think it 's ever too late to start learning anything . 
  you just need to have determination and patience to learn . 
  i might learn to play the piano soon ( my girlfriend will teach me as she owns one and plays very well ) . 
  which instrument do you want to learn ? 
  not really a paradox - i play instruments but i do n't know a lot about sound . 
  music theory - sure , but finding a good tone on my amp - not yet . 
  well if you think your knowledge of music theory is sufficient , then all you have to do is figure out the system of the instrument you want to play . 
  if not , i suggest some music theory first and then just apply it to the way the notes are distributed on an instrument - for example the piano has keys from left to right and each key is a half tone higher - after figuring out which sound well together it 's all addition and subtraction really . 
  asshoooolooo mioooo , o soooooodooomiaaaaa something something ... 
  holy testicle tuesday !, 
  that 's what i meant . 
  to begin playing that would be enough . 
  just so you know what it is that you are trying to play . 
  if you will progress in school , that 's even better as you can take those baby steps you mention at the end of the comment . 
  i 'm sorry i have no book recommendations , i looked up music theory on the internet to get the basic bearings and to research new stuff as i try to learn it . 
  i 'm trying to learn new songs and get techniques in that way . 
  and an analysis of a song also helps me with understanding music theory , everything from rhythm/time signature to tonality and scales used in songs . 
  yeah connecting with other musicians sounds like a good idea . 
  i have n't really looked up any apps and tutorials for it . 
  i have however been using tuxguitar - where you can see numbers of frets and standard notation . 
  it 's easier to analyze a song that way . 
  but do n't worry about it , we all take baby steps , you ca n't just master music in a few months . 
  i have been at it for 7 years or so and still do n't consider myself as anything above average and still have a lot of things to learn . 
  well i love feet in this context :, 
  imagine a girl that has on a skirt and stockings underneath . 
  take your hand and go from her butt/vagina and just go down her leg to her feet ( reverse direction works too ) . 
  in that context i find feet very sexy . 
  well then i see you are on a good way to learning an instrument , go and put that theory to practice . 
  christie golden - rise of the horde . 
  is that wordplay , like the leprechaun has a hood on but he is also in the projects ? 
  that makes you a normal human being . 
  why should you tolerate a bitch , just cause she has tits ? 
  i sometimes forget the outside world , because i live in my own . 
  hard to keep real friendships that way . 
  with my hand . 
  being very near death . 
  i assume when the endorphins kick in that must be one hell of a high . 
  but i do n't want to ever try it - well only once because it 's mandatory . 
  is actually burrito . 
  i think it was disney 's fantasia that had the black god thing showing up at night and all these random hellish scenes . 
  i was scared of that for a long time . 
  but i loved the music so i watched it frequently . 
  but that makes them an asshole . 
  i mean that kind of behaviour should not have to be tolerated regardless of gender . 
  edit : but i get your point . 
  what is this blasphemy you speak of , the first three are great !, 
  the last two ... not bad enough to be really good . 
  depends on the day and my mood . 
  but mostly i just keep myself very busy . 
  so sometimes i forget that i have made other plans . 
  mostly reading , playing and listening to music , programming , tinkering with my computer . 
  just doing all that makes days fly by . 
  there are other times , when i am lost in my thoughts and just shut off . 
  haha , i always watched it till the end . 
  even though it scared the shit out of me - the ending is just so beautiful . 
  that 's the one . 
  was n't far off since cherno - \u010crno means black . 
  yes , exactly this one . 
  but if i 'm you , then you are me !, 
  now that 's more like it , yeah use my body ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i also wish you a good day and thank you for the debate . 
  it was interesting to see what you think about it . 
  that 's why i wrote being very near death , not dying fast . 
  you 're an inanimate fucking object !, 
  ( said the boat to the iceberg ), 
  and they make an awesome cover of new york , new york . 
  my right hand . 
  sometimes left as well . 
  my rats are afraid of anyone that approaches them too quickly while standing up . 
  just the other day i let them loose in my room and there is one part of the room where the computers are . 
  i put obstacles in the way when they are out , so i can react quickly enough if they go in that direction . 
  so one of them got close to getting to the computers ( danger is because of cables - they could get shocked ) and i quickly make my way there . 
  i accidentally scared him so much that he just ran off . 
  the funny part was when he was going straight and then a bit to the left around the couch - he nearly did n't make the turn , because of how fast he was going . 
  but that was due to the fact that i was standing up while rushing to get him away . 
  when i approached both of them later slowly and not standing up , they both came to me for cuddles , even though the scared one took a little longer . 
  someone was having fun , i see . 
  yes yes , i meant someone had fun before you - he just forgot the picture there that 's all . 
  ha , quite possibly . 
  then again you could have fun of your own and it would become your wanking material , so no problem there . 
  if it 's only one pant , that ai n't a problem . 
  but if i were to change my pants - someone would see me in my underwear . 
  so you keep a handy box in your room ? 
  what are you hiding in there , spiders ? 
  why is drinking socially acceptable then ? 
  i 'm afraid to ask , but do you cum spiders ? 
  next time you talk to god , tell him he has a shitty plan .
