  you ca n't just end it all in the last five minutes . 
  it 's hard to explain the weakness of such a powerful enemy . 
  deus ex machina was the way to do it in such a short time . 
  but i sure wish it would have been expanded and that they could have done it slower . 
  ice to see you !, 
  my favorite is the why mr. anderson one ... 
  why mr. anderson , why do you do it ? 
  why get up ? 
  why keep fighting ? 
  do you believe you 're fighting for something , something more than your own survival ? 
  can you tell me what it is ? 
  do you even know ? 
  freedom , truth , peace perhaps could it be for love ? 
  delusions mr. anderson , vagaries of perception . 
  temporary constructs of a feeble human mind trying to justify an existence that is without meaning or purpose !, 
  although . . only a human mind could invent something as insipid as love . 
  why mr. anderson ? 
  why why why do you persist ?!, 
  pure nihility on his part here . 
  a true machine , he could never understand love and was even new to choice and went mad with the freedom he got when neo `` set him free '' . 
  and neo just needed one line to make this dialogue even better : `` because i choose to . '', 
  edit : something else about the last line in the dialogue . 
  neo continues his theme of wanting to control his own life . 
  because he does lose control with all the changes he goes through . 
  but in the first movie he says he does n't believe in destiny , because he does n't like the idea of not being in control . 
  but in the end he figures out what he must do and even though the one is just another means of control it is the very means to end that control . 
  at least for now . 
  you move like a pregnant cow !, 
  but it was his own fault that he lost her . 
  unless she 's shitty, 
  then all your life you will seek a three fiddy, 
  like a goddamn monster, 
  at least you ai n't a crustacean lobster like zoidberg, 
  hes poor , ugly and he smells, 
  so go fuck with an iceberg, 
  that ai n't no wu tang clan thang, 
  so thank you ma'am i will be gone as soon as i can !, 
  peace !, 
  ( caffeine high ) . 
  summon him here , i have so many questions for that man . 
  also did good for humanity . 
  it 's been 26 years , dad !, 
  everyone has , it 's part of microsoft windows . 
  now paying for winrar is another thing . 
  edit : i am wrong , it seems there is a winzip to buy . 
  have n't searched for anything but 7zip in quite some time . 
  a lot of great music , people just do n't bother to search for it . 
  a lot of good too . 
  it 's such an abstract thing that it really depends on how we use it . 
  i 'm just joking , i know exactly where my dad is , not sure if that 's better . 
  the ravings of a mad man high on caffeine . 
  i clean all . 
  today you . 
  the first few bars are very simple . 
  the whole song . . not so much . 
  you just described grindcore as well . 
  now ? 
  sorry , ca n't right now . 
  lactose . 
  just had too much milk when i was younger i guess . 
  i mean , i really liked milk when i was still able to digest it . 
  then one day it put me in bed for a week . 
  almost no food , a lot of vomiting and general feeling bad . 
  now i can still eat stuff that has lactose in it , like cheese , chocolate etc. 
  but in very low quantities . 
  depends on how much milk is in it . 
  but drinking pure milk ends in the same way as drinking pure vodka . 
  vomiting and sleep . 
  you are correct . 
  i wrote that from memory so a part of it slipped . 
  i also like how smith and neo are polar opposites in that scene . 
  there is a billion smiths and only one neo . 
  smith gets emotional , while neo resembles a machine - calm and cold . 
  but what they say points to the opposite , since smith can not grasp neo 's resolve . 
  well my computer already had windows on it , so yeah i did pay for windows . 
  i have n't tried yet . 
  not sure if i will ever . 
  yes , that was what i meant with smith not understanding neo 's resolve . 
  he never could really see as he is a machine . 
  even within bane , he only got a taste of what it is to be human . 
  but he was a psychopath , bent only on killing neo and it is visible in how he acts . 
  psychopaths usually do n't really feel empathy , so that 's like giving up what makes us human . 
  he just could n't get it . 
  that 's why his speech about us being a virus is highly flawed . 
  people like to quote it as it being true but it is n't . 
  it 's a machine 's perspective of humans . 
  he disregards a lot of what a human is in that speech . 
  edit : the oracle thing also explains why he is growing angry . 
  he was arrogant and `` knew '' he would win . 
  the closer to falling he is , the angrier he gets . 
  that pretty much depends on your luck . 
  i 've had great luck with toilets that were clean in the middle of the day . 
  at night you had to be extremely lucky for that to happen . 
  a few times i went in and just turned around and waited for another one to be free . 
  but the people cleaning the toilets arrived at about 6-8 every morning . 
  so if you went right after that or up to two hours after that , the toilets were beautiful . 
  not really . 
  a person is insecure so they put up a front and overdo it . 
  their defence mechanism is going into the polar opposite extreme . 
  it 's very common for people who are living in denial .
