  i wrote that it sounds like that . . to me you know , the way i heard it in my head . 
  to be fair henry was far from an ideal soldier . 
  and frank was all by the book . 
  while it 's wrong , i still do n't consider that evil . 
  then again i have n't watched the series in a long time . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i never would have thought of that , i mean i was n't alive when it happened and i do n't know that much about the cold war - more facts , rather than how it affected people . 
  even though the anti-communist paranoia is shown in other series too ( that 70 's show for example ) . 
  i can see how he can be viewed as one of the villains - i mean if one person was like that , it does n't make sense to make him a villain , but if he is the representation of a bigger problem , then it 's understandable . 
  i guess i 'll have to watch the show again with these things in mind . 
  why not ? 
  why would you wish to forget it ? 
  to read it again for the first time ? 
  agreed . 
  and the music in the end is just so beautiful . 
  see to figure out stuff like this is why i would watch that movie more than once . 
  the first time i was just shocked by what was happening . 
  well yeah , you know what to expect . 
  even if someone tells you that there is a twist in the end it 's not as good as if you just watch it without any information . 
  but there was a very positive aspect in the midst of all the destruction , chaos and horror . 
  sloth . 
  you ai n't got half a face mr. harvey . 
  i am not a smart man , but i have all these cool gadgets . 
  i 'm not an atm , so i ca n't answer this question . 
  three times in a week . 
  once my gf got stopped , we went into the wrong exit off the highway and then she quickly went back and the cop thought it was suspicious . 
  she did use the signal , so they just asked her if she had any alcohol this evening , a simple no was enough and they let us go . 
  second time an officer was behind me with his lights on and i thought he was going to go ahead , so i changed lanes - he went with me , then i changed lanes again - cop followed . 
  my stupid brain figures out that he is trying to stop me , stop at first space where it is safe to do so and as the officer reached my window , i apologised for my stupidity . 
  he asked me for my documents and if i drank any alcohol , i said no . 
  he still wanted to give me the test , so i complied , it showed 0.0 and i was on my way . 
  third time - i was going from a concert and was half deaf , since it was a metal concert and i did n't have my ear buds with me . 
  same process - documents , did you drink ... give documents and say no . 
  had to take the drunk test and again 0.0 . 
  then they let me go home . 
  all three times i was in the same car that was slightly damaged on the outside - a few bigger scratches , lights and signals were all working as they should . 
  but i presume that is why they stopped me . 
  each time i was stopped it was after midnight . 
  do n't call me eddy baby . 
  was writing with my gf and a friend that was with her bf at the time . 
  wanted to write to my gf that one more band is playing then i come home to you . 
  and wrote to my friend that drinks are on for tomorrow and we all will meet at the designated time . 
  sent two wrong texts . 
  next day was a bit awkward , then we had a laugh and that was it . 
  i 'm a heavy sleeper . 
  why do n't you make like a tornado and spin off ? 
  to be fair , i have no idea . 
  i do n't play either . 
  death by tray it shall be !, 
  but that 's how the academy works . 
  it 's not about the movies . 
  most actors get awards after they have done at least a few movies that would deserve them . 
  a lot of actors/actresses that would deserve one , wo n't ever get it . 
  it 's like whom did the people like not who was the best actor/actress this year . 
  next headline : the whole world has cum to a complete stop . 
  strange wave eliminates greed and lust for power , makes people curious about their surroundings and what lies beyond . 
  no problem . 
  it 's bad that most of the news we hear/see/read is negative . 
  this subreddit really helps me not having a skewed perspective on the world . 
  it 's easy for me to say to myself that people are crazy or cruel or stupid . 
  while not everyone is , there is plenty of good people in the world . 
  was almost born at 5 months . 
  doctors somehow stopped it . 
  the funny part is that once i had to be born ( was at least a month if not more too soon , since there were complications ) , they had to speed it up or my mom and i would both die . 
  fun times . 
  sit your five dollar ass down , before i make change . 
  said by wesley snipes in a movie that is unknown to me . 
  just saw this clip and lost my shit . 
  that movie is full of hilarious insults . 
  why did you take him ? 
  thanks for the laugh , made my evening . 
  in short bursts it makes me happy . 
  i sometimes make myself deliberately lonely , isolate myself . 
  but not for a very long time . 
  it 's good for self-reflection . 
  it 's not always just remembering what you fucked up in the past . 
  both the good and the bad come to mind . 
  perhaps also a few ideas for the future . 
  drummer of decapitated . 
  he was 23 when he died . 
  one of the most interesting drummers in death metal . 
  i wonder what he and vogg would go on to make if he would n't have died . 
  since i deal with one type of machines , i can fix any machine in the world . 
  does n't matter if it 's software or hardware related , i can do it . 
  and i 'm happy to do it for free , especially for my family , who feel comfortable enough to tell me how to do it , since they know more than me , but somehow ca n't do it themselves . 
  while all i really do is write code by example or write something new , if the app requirements are very specific . 
  i would do my best to fulfil the wish . 
  i always fuck up when i try my best . 
  i am not afraid of the concept of my own death . 
  not existing does n't sound too bad to me . 
  i am terrified of others dying on me . 
  i am also scared of dying in pain , i just want to go , when the time comes . 
  i do n't care if i die alone , as long as it 's fast . 
  i see you have n't played fallout : new vegas . 
  i was kidding . 
  some of them do look very similar to those cazadores or whatever they are called . 
  i hate them . 
  they are the worst enemies i faced in any fallout game . 
  give me deathclaws any day . 
  just keep cazadores away from me .
