  and i ca n't respect someone i do n't know but i can treat them with the courtesy i have reserved for normal humans . 
  but some people think that if you do n't forget , you did n't forgive , that 's why they say forgive and forget . 
  as if it 's all or nothing . 
  what was he a fucking unicorn ? 
  walking on the side walk is allowed when they are paving the street . 
  haha , that 's a great job description . 
  a : so , what do you do ? 
  a : i could say that about a few of my co-workers . 
  edit : formatting . 
  watching this i ca n't help but think , that `` the situation '' has the concept of a roast completely wrong . 
  i mean roasts are about putting others down , not putting yourself above them . 
  that was basically what he did with the anthony jeselnik is funny but poor joke . 
  because seth basically did the same thing - with the food stamps . 
  but he did n't say i 'm seth and i 'm so much richer - no , he just said he will leave a stamp and buy food with it later . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  make a mean joke about someone , without putting yourself above them . 
  `` the situation '' is besides not being a comedian at all , also an arrogant individual , who 's definition of success is apparently money , mansions and banging models , which i can understand if you 're a hedonist , but hedonism is not all life is about . 
  how does bigotry spread if you say that you like music , but you hate what the artist stands for ? 
  i 'm not questioning your opinion , just interested in how you got there . 
  that 's an interesting point of view . . mine is quite the opposite . 
  i am a gamer , i am a metalhead , i am a rocker and a lot of other stuff you can think of . 
  i have a very diverse taste in music . 
  but if someone asks me if i 'm a metalhead and i say yes . . and the first thing they think of is racism , devil worship , violence etc. 
  that 's their fault . 
  if you only focus on the bad attributes of one group and generalize those attributes to most people - you 're the bad person and not me . 
  sure some metal heads are racist , worship the devil are violent and so on . 
  but in every group you have shit heads that give a negative connotation to the group and individuals that are good people . 
  focusing on either only the good or either only the bad members generates a one sided point of view and giving blind praise or blindly hating a group because of that is just fucking stupid . 
  as is proven in this case . 
  a lot of people are trying to excuse phil 's behaviour , a lot of people are appaled . 
  some yeah - but everyone is free to not listen to a band if they dislike the lyrics - that is part of the music is n't it ? 
  but what i meant is - if a person is someone you do not support politically , ideologically whatever , but does n't make music that supports that directly , it is n't a problem to listen to that music . 
  if the music itself is politically or ideologically motivated , that 's a different situation . 
  for example , i like some of burzum 's music , but i definitely do n't agree with him about a lot of things . 
  as if every metal band is like that . 
  do n't generalize . 
  this holier than thou attitude is mind boggling to me . 
  yes , there are idiots in the metal community as you wrote and i agree they are annoying . 
  but it 's like that in every group . 
  and i can understand that you had bad experiences with the crowd/people , but you took it to the extreme . 
  there are a lot of bands that are chill about playing metal . 
  and i can understand you dropping a band because of the toxic attitude , i would have done the same . 
  but there are a lot of good bands out there , that do n't care about the `` scene '' . 
  sounded different , it 's tough to tell over the internet . 
  you wrote `` scene '' , that for me means peole that are too concerned about what is popular and `` in '' , like posers or whatever you want to call them . 
  you know the people that know only the popular bands and go to the big concerts . 
  make their idols and feel that they have to `` defend the faith '' or whatever the slogan is . 
  of course you have to have knowledge of musicians and bands already out there , if not for the sole reason of not sounding like someone else/being too similar . 
  but the scene and the `` scene '' are for me two different expressions . 
  yes , i agree . 
  but there is one more aspect to this . 
  one can always interpret art in his/her own way . 
  even if the artist has some other reasons for making the art the way it is , you can have a completely different meaning to it . 
  of course that is only possible if the lyrics are vague/abstract enough . 
  when something is direct enough , sure one should n't turn a blind eye and shut down the conversation . 
  but if something is abstract enough , you have to be open for different interpretations . 
  agreed and i take the scene as meaning just what you wrote . 
  but when written as `` scene '' i percieve it as sarcastic and referring to the close minded people that just want to true/tr00 whatever they say these days . 
  true , but there are songs , where you do n't go the way that the artist meant and you take a meaning that relates to you as an individual and that can be dangerous or well not . 
  that is always an option and those are the times when separating artist and music is a valid choice for me . 
  oh , ok . that makes sense . 
  something ( ) ;, 
  while ( alive ) ;, 
  maybe into scat . 
  shut up you redundant asshole . 
  medically speaking they diagnosed my red cheeks as a beauty error or whatever the translation would be . 
  as in - it 's not a disease , you just look weird . 
  that 's a whole new spin on the song . 
  on guitar . 
  rhythm for now . 
  not fast enough for the solo ( yet ? 
  i think those vocals are meant as a nod to cynic and it might be a vocoder instead of auto-tune . 
  i might be wrong . 
  i mean they seem very much influenced by early cynic and death post-human album era . 
  in soviet russia reality checks you . 
  probably skipped you on purpose . 
  indeed he is . 
  but that 's my strategy in the game in general . 
  if the situation is right i.e. 
  enough space and enough monsters . 
  if they come right at you - go to one side an run in circles around them . 
  one is bound to hit another one eventually . 
  but yeah , the cyberdemon is the best one in this situation , because his attack is so powerful . 
  / u/thehaddockman what is the rest of the comment ?!!!, 
  please respond !, 
  [ why must you do this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyd8kmwqike ), 
  add space to that . 
  if you 're near your ex , it will just take a lot more time to get over her/him . 
  i find short stories work well too . 
  not sure what bothers me more , when it 's raining or when snow is falling . 
  but given absolute proof that only one religion is the `` right '' religion would still cause interesting changes in the world . 
  keep in mind that not every religious person has an irrational conviction to certain beliefs . 
  i was n't talking about rational beliefs . 
  but it is rational to think that one 's beliefs may not apply to others . 
  having the perspective to know that you believe something irrational is for me a rational degree of conviction . 
  while it 's irrational to believe that something is true for everyone . 
  one can be religious and believe on an individual level . 
  religion has changed - well at least some people have . 
  i see it more as a dot than point .
