  it 's nice when a disaster turns into a lovely memory . 
  true , but nickelback is very very famous . 
  and all famous acts get hate one way or another . 
  shut up and row the fucking boat !, 
  depends where i am . 
  if in public - try not to react , maybe cry in the car ( or be angry ) , depends on the issue . 
  singing , playing , writing music is like therapy , perhaps more like a catharsis . 
  if i 'm angry i play something angry , when i 'm sad , i play sad songs , when i 'm happy , i play happy songs ( or those i perceive as happy ) . 
  same goes for writing . 
  i do this at least once in two weeks , more often if i can help it . 
  if it 's something really serious as death or similar , then i have to wait for the initial shock to sink in . 
  i seem like a stone for a while , as if nothing happened . 
  but i break down sooner or later , when i accept what has happened . 
  but still , i most often use music to get through it - when i am ready to go out , i seek the company of my friends . 
  now for my gf , sometimes i tell her to leave me alone for a while , but her company does n't usually make anything worse , even if she does n't want to go away . 
  i 'm just used to dealing with it on my own . 
  i 'm a guy and i would define it in two possible ways :, 
  a : he was trying to be funny , not the best joke , but nothing to think about twice . 
  b : he was being manipulative/angry . 
  i had a bit of experience with a girl who was just a friend , but she extorted with guilt . 
  self-harm , suicide , she threatened all that in order to make me feel guilty . 
  and boy did it work for a while . 
  those people are even more creepy , even though i do have some compassion , might be mental illness or something - that kind of person needs professional help and it 's sad to see someone taking a turn like that . 
  and tim ai n't fookin ded . 
  noose ? 
  check . 
  ceiling fixture ? 
  check . 
  would that do ? 
  just do n't set it to three , never set it to three , unless you want a hurricane in your room . 
  most warnings i give . 
  people still do it . 
  then they screw it up and always ask if i can fix it for them . 
  sometimes i hate my profession ( but generally i love it ) . 
  death by tray it shall be !, 
  oh the food is hot ? 
  you barely get into a raid in one hour , then i should stop ? 
  no way . 
  are you jeff vader ? 
  i guess she sleeps sitting down . 
  well i guess racial issues would n't exist for most people any more . 
  or just do n't . 
  i have a personal rule - 0.0 % of alcohol in my blood when i 'm driving . 
  if that is n't enough to make them stop pushing - then those people do n't respect you and they can sod off . 
  in case you 're being sarcastic - well done . 
  if not ... what about driving home ? 
  if my own safety and the safety of other drivers is n't reason enough to not drink , then i do n't know what is . 
  well admitting it to yourself is a good first step . 
  a lot of people are n't even aware . 
  they just start talking about something else , while you are still talking about your own thing . 
  i agree . 
  some people do this in the middle of a conversation that they initiated and when i 'm done talking ask me what i said . 
  and if they receive a message or call ... i get it . 
  but ask me my opinion , take out phone and when i 'm done ask me what i said ... just forget it . 
  i think we would lose the track of time at one point . 
  i think of ed from ed , edd and eddy . 
  when he is running away from his sister sarah . 
  i always liked this one :, 
  iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin theeeeeeeeeeeee yeeeeear of his sovereign , rid uuuuuus oooof your judgement . 
  #heir apparent !, 
  i agree . 
  but someone expecting you to be open to pretty much everything is also stupid . 
  or assuming that since you like x you will like y and then being completely shocked when you dislike it . 
  for example : a and b are both open minded individuals and they like a variety of music . 
  but there is bound to be a genre or an artist/band that a loves and b does n't even like . 
  and if a tells b about it and b states an honest opinion about disliking it etc , a should not feel offended in any way . 
  i see this happen almost too often . 
  if a negative opinion is expressed in a way that is n't obnoxious , what is the problem ? 
  what about facebook bothers you so much ? 
  if it 's people oversharing things . . that 's not facebook 's fault . 
  i 'm not saying they are completely innocent , but they are n't as guilty as people like to say . 
  edit : dam = dum, 
  steven wilson 's hand can not erase , has plenty of guitar too ( guthrie govan if i 'm not mistaken and the solos are amazing ) . 
  his previous works as well , but a lot of samples are in there as well . 
  then there is opeth , who have recently gone to a proggy 70 's rock kind of sound - lots and lots of guitars , also keyboards , but they do n't bother me . 
  just saw ne obliviscaris recenlty - lots of guitars and all three guitarists are awesome . 
  if these trees could talk is a lovely instrumental band - i do n't think they use anything else besides the usual 3 guitars and drums . 
  when i get home i 'm sure i can name a lot more . 
  maybe some out of the heavier side of music ( but that is my favourite currently ) . 
  i 'm making a me-turn and getting the fuck out of here . 
  exclusive crowbar pre-launch dlc !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ only ^ ^ ^ ^ collector 's ^ ^ ^ ^ edition, 
  noyjel ? 
  well you should have used your toe , innit ? 
  i read all this in a very british accent . 
  first of all the vocals are n't bad . 
  this is a great cover . 
  what did you use to record this ? 
  the only thing i miss are the pinch harmonics , but i like the little solo things you added ( or i could n't hear them in the original recordings :d ) . 
  all in all an awesome cover . 
  if you want to collaborate on this or another cover , i would love to . 
  but i 'm not sure if i have the equipment to do it properly . 
  or the skils for that matter . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  i was once recording opeth - deliverance and used the mic from my headphones , since i did n't really know how to switch distortion and acoustic using line in - at least not that fast . 
  did n't do my research . 
  and the sound was atrocious . 
  now i use a multieffect and maybe i could it to connect to line in . 
  have to try once . 
  hopefully i dont lose the drive as you said about the pinch harmonics .
