  then the radical changes happen as fast as the story went on in previous seasons , which still makes a bad series . 
  in the case of got , i believe it is less about story telling lately and more just a series of shocking events . 
  it 's like the series exists only to shock people . 
  even jon snow dying was done wrong , wrong reasons , wrong people even wrong last word , which is important when telling a story . 
  characters are very diminished and do things just to propel the plot not because they would choose to do so . 
  case : stannis vs. winterfell or sansa marrying ramsay when she was n't even there , they just made her a victim again . 
  edit : also people going crazy and emotional about it is something i will never understand . 
  how can someone invest their feelings into a few fictional characters is beyond me . 
  sure you think about it if something like that happens , but to be truly shocked is a bit silly . 
  everything happens too fast . 
  you ai n't getting no money from me you goddamn monster !, 
  cynic - veil of maya , carbon based anatomy . 
  not for the speed or anything , but the rhythm is just all over the place . 
  keannu reeves . 
  because he has problems expressing his emotions , just like me . 
  which one do you think was too long ? 
  yeah , i miss those unresolved plots and some characters that never showed up . 
  now i do n't mind not having each and every character , since you ca n't put everything from the books due to budget/time/people constraints . 
  but one very important character is missing and it changed a few story lines for the worse . 
  [ yes , cersei did take a bit long , even though the thing that happened to her in the finale had to be stretched out for full effect . 
  could be earlier though , i agree.i also agree that tyrion should be sooner , but then again a lot was left out with tyrion.arya , theon , stannis , dorne , jon were all rushed as hell.not to mention davos going to get allies and getting captured.and yes i do mean lady stoneheart , that made brienne and jamie go to stupid directions . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  edit : sorry for ugly formatting , do n't know how to format spoiler tag text . 
  yeah just that in previous seasons they have made a few deleted scenes , that explained some events . 
  this time they rushed it so much , that characters appeared to have simple motives , while the whole story is actually pretty complicated . 
  that 's why people have naked cats . 
  they do n't look good , but have a lifetime supply of food on them . 
  and they do n't get fat , because the more of themselves they eat , the skinnier they are , it 's the ultimate recycling process . 
  should be hot coffee , that works wonders for waking up any part of your body . 
  or open legs for that matter . 
  well any numeric value that represents polar bears must be written in polar coordinates so you really have to figure out the x and y components of the complex number as well as keep in mind the angle at which the bear 's back is curved when you measured it 's weight . 
  the same reason why people are taught to look in front of them , the corners of your vision contain state secrets . 
  yes , you should go through detox and join the na ` vi in paradise . 
  just takes five minutes . 
  you are actually allergic to your death . 
  so upon experiencing death your corpse may get swollen , you have to be careful as that can cause your airways to close and you might have trouble breathing . 
  now if it 's a mild allergy , you will only get a rash , but after being buried no one will mind as coffins do n't usually have mirrors . 
  well they were asked really nicely and you know the french have little resistance . 
  frodo and sam do n't stop gollum , he escapes with the ring on his hand and sam is so mad that he throws frodo into lava , but frodo takes him by the hand at the last minute and they both fall in . 
  the rest of them die at the black gate as sauron never falls and the orcs/trolls etc. 
  have them surrounded . 
  darkness falls on middle earth . 
  what do you mean it does n't work ? 
  i see it covered as it should be . 
  how do you see it ? 
  it did but the words were a bit different . 
  my father died when i was one year old . 
  so i never knew him . 
  i heard stories but i never heard him or i do n't remember him , like how he acted etc. 
  now the plus side is that in a way i do n't know what i 'm missing , since it has always been like that for me . 
  the negative side is that everyone seems to miss their fathers and that bond is something i will never understand . 
  i had to teach myself everything a father was supposed to teach me for example : cars , relationships , sex ( conservative mother , never said a thing about it ) , shaving , outdoors/sports related things . 
  so in one way i have absolute freedom to learn what i want and do it my way . 
  in another way i am always a bit behind those that were already taught by their fathers as some things i have still to learn and there is a lot of space for improvements . 
  now since my mom had to work and support a family of four , she was n't around all that much , let alone had the energy to deal with all three of us each day - so that again gave me a lot of freedom , but i lack discipline . 
  that 's something i am currently working on . 
  also each of the four of us has dealt with this in his/her own way and we kind of lost communication in our family . 
  we are n't really all that connected as a family and sometimes i wonder how it would be if he was alive - maybe we would get along for a change . 
  the biggest influence that is still actual for everyday life is the fact that at some point everyone asks about your parents and i have to explain the situation to them . 
  now the problem here is , that a lot of people pity me when i explain the situation and that sometimes makes me feel like less of a man , like i would have a disability or something . 
  i do n't want your pity , please treat me as a normal human being , thank you . 
  edit : if you want to know more , just ask . 
  i do n't mind talking about it . 
  that 's weird , why is it covered up for me then ? 
  edit : do you have custom-css turned off ? 
  mercyful fate - i sold my soul, 
  plot devices everywhere !, 
  well since the distance is an issue , perhaps try to converse over skype or something similar , you know at least for him to see/hear you and congratulate him and then just talk . 
  give him attention this way if you ca n't physically be there . 
  devin townsend project - silent militia . 
  yes , myself . 
  what were the consequences ? 
  why not ? 
  no problem . 
  i just named a few bands i like . 
  yes it affected us all . 
  i barely knew the other half of my family as they lost contact - i do n't know why , never asked too much , it seemed like a painful matter for my mom , so i did n't want to ask her . 
  we are getting along now . 
  my siblings say , that they remember him so yeah , i guess they were affected in another way - they know what they lost , maybe that is why we grew apart a bit . 
  for example i had a bit of problems with myself ( still do but not that bad anymore ) and my brother resents me a bit for getting extra attention from my mother , i guess he needed it too but he expressed it in a different way an my mom did n't get it or something . 
  so it affected everyone a little bit - we do n't hate each other , but we are far from a `` regular '' family . 
  now my mom was pretty in a pretty bad condition of course . . left alone with three kids , house not completely built yet , had to graduate and get a job . . 
  i ca n't even imagine what she went through . 
  luckily we live in a house and her brother and mother/father are our neighbours , so everyone helped as much as they could by taking care for us when she was working or just so she could have some time for herself . 
  she also turned to religion for strength and i can see how it helps her . 
  it also affected her way of raising us , she wanted us to be more like she wanted . 
  you know it showed that control was taken away from her . 
  she is n't a bad mother , far from it . 
  but as any parent she has some things you have to watch out for . 
  i mean , you ca n't expect someone to live like you want - we had some trouble with that , but she got there eventually . 
  needed a bit more time perhaps , but it was understandable . 
  she is very much better now . 
  there even was n't a problem when all of us moved out of the house . 
  i mean it 's not like we do n't come visit her , but being alone was a big step for her . 
  victory a.k.a. 
  napalm in the morning . 
  i would n't do anything probably just continue redditing and hopefuly write something witty by which i would be rememb, 
  damn , where did he find the time for all them women ? 
  was about to ask where the rape was , but i was n't the one who down voted you . 
  but but . . that was my favourite show to watch as a kid .
