  easily distracted, 
  a problem when combined with the first one - a lot of ambitions and projects , not a lot completed . 
  social anxiety, 
  i do n't function well in a group of friends , let alone a group of strangers . 
  edit : ca n't make a god damn list either . 
  she died and is now a zombie or did you kill her ? 
  theon grejoy and winterfell . 
  like at first i was near but not that interested - we were friends . 
  i got interested and destroyed everything - nothing literally but our friendship is gone . 
  then i was tortured for a long time , only by myself not by some sadistic shit head . 
  as many predict about theon ... 
  i have my redemption now . 
  a happy life with an awesome girlfriend . 
  six wonderful years . 
  i am very desensitized to violence . 
  my girlfriend and i have been watching got and in the last episode when : [ the little girl got burned alive , ] ( / spoiler ) my girlfriend was lowering the volume as she could n't stand [ the screaming ] ( / spoiler ) and i asked her : `` why would you do that ? '', 
  depends on which time of the month it was for her . 
  edit : nevermind , google told me . 
  doot and toot for mr. skeltal . 
  all joking aside , i think an octopus can break out of it 's tank . 
  i read it somewhere , will update when i come home . 
  definetly in my case . 
  still a good surprise if every now and then fire and ~ ~ brimstone ~ ~ passion come back . 
  easy to do when you have no/little responsibilities . 
  almost everything . 
  cynic , opeth , quo vadis , obscura , devin townsend , ne obliviscaris for progressive metal :p, 
  batman , indiana jones and the last crusade , lethal weapon 2 , back to the future ii , dead poets society , the little mermaid , born on the fourth of july , pet sematary , all dogs go to heaven . 
  wrote the ones i watched and liked . 
  but since the title is the room , maybe he views the room as his world , so in the end the shot in the head is just symbolic for him going to the kitchen or something . 
  the second title could also work for dune . 
  let me taste, 
  let me feel, 
  i need to know what you keep inside, 
  no need to speak, 
  just let it be, 
  carry out this wish for me let nothing interfere, 
  rise to submission, 
  i 'm still beneath in the soil, 
  discard your clothes, 
  let loose you hair, 
  we 're intertwined forever and have always been, 
  say the word, 
  and i 'll depart, 
  upon your lips dwells nothing but the meaning of my cause, 
  opeth - by the pain i see in others, 
  well metal is n't entirely composed of bass . 
  depends on what you have heard . 
  listen to obscura , decapitated , cynic ( first album ) , opeth ( until watershed ) . 
  keannu reeves - some sort of martial art scene . 
  i agree , sexual repression is awful . 
  sing along with music - is n't strange in general , but when you listen to the music i do , people tend to view you as strange . 
  just go through my comment history and you 'll see . 
  14 , used it immediately to call everyone i knew . 
  people thought i was weird from then on . 
  and why must one be a retard to think that there is no heaven/hell ? 
  i do n't mind the concept of not existing . 
  it 's the path to that point that scares me . 
  poop is always a priority . 
  shower depends on poop . 
  if bad enough shower , if not eat breakfast . 
  normal anti-virus is n't enough to be secured from viruses on the `` normal '' web . 
  not necessarily only nasty things . 
  just the ones that are not indexed by search engines and use different protocols to be accessed . 
  i would also include human , otherwise i completely agree . 
  so he could make others fed up with this wrlrlrel ? 
  music and reading . 
  spoilers , tread carefully !, 
  [ the daughter of stannis was hot for a few minutes . 
  not really a woman though . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  no need to explain , i have eyes so that 's enough . 
  nice , thanks , 
  the communist party . 
  edit : read the title too quickly . 
  thought it was , what is the worst party you have been to . 
  yes her eyes are beautiful , but i also like her legs a lot . 
  drive fast while i 'm in the car . 
  then i 'm fast and furious . 
  no symptoms , only laughter . 
  yeah she seems sweet as far as i have seen her interviews or appearances on shows . 
  have n't heard her sing yet though . 
  ha , i did n't know she was married , i do n't follow celebrity life that much , 
  it was pretty ~ ~ rad ~ ~ red . 
  try doing that with your toes . 
  do n't know . 
  save the cheerleader , save the world is all i remember . 
  both actually . 
  i find that music is my passion and creating music is a must sometimes . 
  not that it 's more important than my girlfriend , but i 'm sure if she was to be blind , she would miss writing poetry by herself , because she could feel and hear my presence but writing poetry by herself would be a no go forever as would creating music if you would be deaf . 
  read the title , 
  morana - the slavic goddess of death - for female . 
  if the dog we owned as a family counts then spots , if not then we are having triplets : salvador , manuel and illidan . 
  interesting , thanks , 
  well knowing that it 's from got and consider the comment below my original one . . then you know too much . 
  i had written it at first , then removed it . 
  well not yelling , but the funeral home director saying : `` hope to see you folks soon '' would be quite awkward . 
  copyright to george carlin for this one . 
  they also eat flies and mosquitoes . 
  something something vector victor . 
  jesus christ those things are real ?
