  opeth and porcupine tree/steven wilson are good examples of that too . 
  switching from one style to another in a song . 
  then you have the extreme ones like meshuggah , suffocation , morbid angel and so on , not to mention black metal in general . 
  i could n't imagine clean vocals with such an extreme genre . 
  but a mix of both can be good ( enslaved do this well in my opinion ) . 
  or if you have to find meaning in lyrics you can you know . . read the lyrics . 
  opeth , cannibal corpse , suffocation , nile , gorguts , cryptopsy , enslaved ( 25 years this year ) . 
  they all growl and scream and are still around after a lot of years and they do n't sound like garbage . 
  edit : not screamo , but bands that use growls/screaming and are doing just fine . 
  a game , i ca n't seem to find any more . 
  was a truck driving vehicular combat game . 
  somewhere in the early/middle 90 's . 
  still a dos game . 
  ice to see you !, 
   turtle turtle turtle turtle ~ ~ mouse ~ ~ rat pizza . 
  never heard of it . 
  get out of here , stalker !, 
  crazy knife person . 
  #just print the damn thing !, 
  it 's naht a tumah !, 
  it 's hedley !, 
  surely you ca n't be serious . 
  we 're your neighbours . 
  we were wondering if we could borrow a cup of sugah . 
  i do n't know , i liked what happened to shepard . 
  but yeah the choices thing ... it really does n't matter that much . 
  those last five minutes take everything away , but it 's very , very fun until then . 
  i agree about l4d franchise . 
  i mean they are very good games and you can see a lot of improvements from 1 to 2 . 
  but they are out for a long time and i would also like to see some improvements for the next iteration . 
  honey badger . 
  i just do n't give a shit . 
  how many butt scratches does your pet eat per day ? 
  retarded voice weird smelling , would you stop fecking touching me being . 
  i 've noticed that yesterday i was quite the asshole to my gf . 
  i am trying not to blame myself too much and let it get me down and instead just focus on treating her better . 
  it was nothing serious , but i was annoying , when i could not have been . 
  meaning of life ? 
  sloth . 
  because not everyone is required to worship a deity , even if there is a lot of opportunity for it . 
  it 's a choice of every person and my choice is not to go . 
  i liked the little details that they have put in . 
  for example if you killed samara to save morinth , she appears as a banshee , because she does n't have the discipline that samara has . 
  vice versa , samara fights on your side . 
  not to mention the whole rachni debacle . 
  but those last five minutes , i did n't like that much . 
  bud i do agree with you that making a great ending for a game that 's already so good is very hard.it 's the same with asoiaf , i wonder how martin will end the series . 
  it could be awesome , it could be crap and feel cheap . 
  we will see . 
  dead in five minutes . 
  he looks a bit miffed . 
  modena city ramblers - ebano . 
  what i gather from it , it 's a very very sad story . 
  in vain - floating on the murmuring tide . 
  only on the right hand - for playing guitar . 
  that i am my own person , who has their own hobbies which i can get lost in without regard for the outside world . 
  that does n't mean i 'm ignoring you . 
  i have not . 
  i only saw girls have long nails - those artificial you put on and i never liked that . 
  them and guitar players , which i have already mentioned . 
  it 's not a phase , ma !, 
  because that 's what i used to look like . 
  i do n't see how that is . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  the latter . 
  yes he did barry . 
  you 're right other barry . 
  depends on your method really . 
  i started fully smoking two times . 
  never lasted more than 3 months . 
  but every now and then i crave a cigarette so much . 
  and i do smoke about four a year . 
  so i can understand why someone would like it . 
  but i do n't want to smoke all the time . 
  i have no idea , but after toilet paper , we will have these three sea shells . 
  well it 's good to be bold , but if you 're bold to the point of being stupid , your head might get smashed on a rock . 
  i suspect you should change your diet . 
  so if i 'm good at witchcraft you will leave me alone ? 
  was n't that bad . 
  besides shia labeouf . 
  i mean not the actor alone , he can act . 
  but the way his character was written was just awful . 
  all i needed was the visuals . 
  even if no one would say a thing in the whole movie . 
  so visually well done ... 
  i could have watched it for at least another hour . 
  the shinning sounds funny . 
  this is n't true for everyone , but a lot of people prefer to document events , rather than live them . 
  enjoy the moments you have , who has the time to watch what they have experienced already ? 
  i understand that things like weddings are recorded . 
  but if you 're not the person hired to do that ( professional or not ) , why would you ? 
  when you both really feel comfortable to get married . 
  age does n't matter . 
  well maybe both parties should be at least 16 . 
  a canadian loch ness monster , disguised as an angry mallard . 
  well now i 've seen everything . 
  because i 'm not too good at following rules . 
  i can follow directions , but rules - nope . 
  at least not the ones i deem unnecessary . 
  that is regarding religion of course .
