  for me it 's not so much a place . 
  my happy place is for example discovering new music and you know that feeling when you discover really great music for the first time ... that 's it . 
  same for other activities . 
  when you run into something that makes you feel alive , that 's my happy place . 
  it can be just sitting down reading a book , a concert you really get into or climbing a mountain - looking at the beautiful places around you . 
  we are all but maggots !, 
  also, 
  i love , love moist towelettes !, 
  steven wilson , dave hunt , beethoven and chelsea wolfe . 
  edit : changed mike to dave as it was incorrect . 
  about 101325 pascals . 
  give or take a few thousand . 
  what i meant was , how does one know they are depressed ? 
  i 've never been medically checked out about it . 
  not really , the doctor asks me how i feel , i say ok and that concludes everything . 
  i 've done some things in the past that might point to that , but i do n't know . 
  i know this makes me an asshole , but when someone chews loudly . . it irritates me beyond reason . 
  i do n't know why , it 's not like someone is hurting me , but i ca n't stand it . 
  kung pow : enter the fist . 
  i do n't know why , but it just cracks me up . 
  it starts a bit slow with the baby thing and some jokes are a bit stretched out . 
  but i just ca n't stay serious when watching this . 
  also all the broken lizard movies i 've seen , have n't watched them all yet . 
  hm , interesting , not sure if it 's that bad with me . 
  i do n't get an urge to stop the source of the sound , just very uncomfortable . 
  i do however react to sounds a lot ( music , thunder , sound effects ) , mostly positively , the negatives are very rare . 
  nah i like eating . 
  but one does n't have to chew like a cow or something . 
  i do n't resent cows , just people acting like them . 
  for me happy returns and ascendant here on make the saddest combo of the same album , routine is a close second . 
  kauan - sorni nai the whole album . 
  such beautiful music . 
  i guess i 'm an asshole regardless . 
  it 's not a bug , it 's a feature !, 
  hard to say , he has very diverse music . 
  i had no idea , sorry . 
  thought it was just random question in this thread . 
  edit : a lot of spoilers in here . 
  interesting , i always liked a bit of a death god perspective to death note . 
  i mean ryuk tells light that he will eventually write his name into his book . 
  for me it was like the end was told at the beginning . 
  then only the how was important for me . 
  how he will evade them and for how long . 
  and i was entertained , humans are fun and the ending was perfect for me , i mean seeing light go further and further with his evil was a clear sign that he would n't win in the end . 
  for me it all started when he killed that girl that was together with the fbi agent - ray penber . 
  so quickly he put aside his morals and killed someone who was in the way . 
  do n't get me wrong i understand why he did it , but one must also understand what he became at that point . 
  even though it was evil of him to kill the fbi agents , they were mostly faceless , but he looked that girl in the eye and showed no remorse when he killed her . 
  next time use your hands or something . 
  but seriously , how did that happen ? 
  my reflexes are the same , if something is beyond the reach of my hand i will try to catch it with my leg . 
  i dread the day when a knife falls out of my hand . 
  the whole album . 
  should be on spotify/google music . 
  to be fair , if i ate spiders in my sleep , i could skip breakfast . 
  but just 8 times per year ... 
  as long as the spider is n't too venomous , i do n't care . 
  tell them you 're waiting for an attack helicopter . 
  i kind of feel for the mom , i mean whose arms is she going to break from now on ? 
  high school . 
  my definition of drug is pretty much the same as the one for obsession , only that it relates to substances i.e. 
  any substance that is abused . 
  so getting shitfaced with beer is ok , getting shitfaced with beer every day might be a problem . 
  but the problem with some drugs is that you get addicted too quickly and with those i agree with you - not even trying them . 
  human forgot something , came back and left again ... gone for a long time , this time my person is dead for sure !, 
  about my gf and i not getting married and/or having kids . 
  it 's our choice , back off , thank you . 
  i agree . 
  too bad a lot of aspects of our society are defined indirectly by religion . 
  what do you think feminism is ? 
  i mean , i can understand your opinion if you only had bad experience from extremists - that 's why i am asking . 
  let me see if i get this correctly ... you hate people saying they are depressed , when they mean that they are sad for a longer period of time ? 
  i mean it 's ok to be sad , even for a few months ( like when someone close to you dies or something ) . 
  but that is n't depression . 
  and the word gets abused a lot . 
  was that what you meant ? 
  my gf . 
  steven wilson - happy returns . 
  i feel like i 'm living in parentheses as the years pass me by like trains and i 'm not as busy as i like to think i am . 
  but then again i do n't have troubles with the bills yet and no kids . 
  i get what you mean . 
  but drugs have gotten a negative connotation . 
  unless you 're talking about the ones that the doctor prescribed . 
  most people hear drug - they associate with abuse . 
  that 's why i try to avoid the word , when i talk about the substance . 
  oh right , forgot that group too . 
  agreed . 
  but as i said , i only try to avoid the word , since it has such a connotation . 
  i mean that in every day conversation . 
  you can do it !, 
  while your interpretation is of course your own , i have a different perception of it . 
  the years passing me by and being busy is more a commentary on how everything just goes past so quickly . 
  i mean take yourself out of `` the grid '' for a month and so much happens . 
  and through that we keep ourselves busy , but we just rush from a to b. 
  and i do n't know , i felt very lonely living like that . 
  i still do , but that is for different reasons . 
  but that is my interpretation , i 'm not trying to change your perspective . 
   his family is passive aggressively upset we 're not locked in our bedroom having sex until we conceive . 
  that 's what the honeymoon is for duuuh !, 
  but yeah that must be annoying .
