  to get new people in ? 
  well that would make my play time longer for sure , since i would have to try all the new things . 
  never got round to it . 
  some people prefer to focus on decorating their home , i never did that . 
  i was more in for the simulator of interactions than i was for the buying and furnishing you house . 
  sure i made it better , but to spend more than half an hour on my house . . nah . 
  other people write cheats so that they can build their dream house and then go on from there . 
  but i agree , starting off gradually is better for me . 
  i liked ts2 , but the third one was the best until now in my opinion . 
  that 's what i get for being optimistic . 
  well i sha n't be a bored god . 
  it 's like playing sim city . 
  you start building a city , take care of your citizens and expand beyond imagination ( or on the whole map as there is a limit here ) , but when everything goes well for too long you have a little button that says disasters . 
  so you call down a few tornadoes and aliens to fuck some shit up . 
  then you have stuff to do again . 
  it 's tedious being a god in times of prosperity , gets too boring . 
  i 'm the reason why paradise/eden fails to work for humanity . 
  i 'd get bored and eat the apple just because god said that it 's a no no . 
  i may have digressed a bit . 
  edit : to further clarify , i would not hurt others simply out of boredom , there are limits to how far i would go . 
  but i am willing to risk my life for the sake of not being bored . 
  because being bored is not a life for me . 
  what do you find very dark in watership down ? 
  i mean the suffocating rabbits - that is dark . 
  but the rest was just a good story . 
  i also did n't really perceive it to be a kids movie . 
  never say never !, 
  i do n't think it 's pretentious to state that you do n't like the radio . 
  i honestly do n't like it - the songs get repeated too often , a lot of commercials and when a good song is on , they usually cut it - dire straits - brothers in arms is such an example . 
  they cut the last solo , the guy started talking as soon as it started . 
  i mean let us enjoy it and then you can talk all you want . 
  that really depends . 
  predictable movies can be boring and if the story is too stereotypical , that can make a movie very bad . 
  i 'm not saying that every movie should have a complicated plot and go into random directions , but being too predictable can be bad . 
  depends on what a person wants to watch . 
  for example - 80 's action movies , we all know that the main character is a living bad ass who will defeat enemies and be funny while doing it . 
  that 's ok even if it is predictable . 
  but i notice this mostly in horror movies - a lot of them go for tropes and you can instantly know what will happen , that makes it a bad movie for me in this case . 
  well unless the atmosphere would be fantastic , but being uncertain is a part of that . 
  i do agree , that too much out of the blue or jump scares makes a bad horror movie as well . 
  it 's hard to make something really good . 
  i would say you need both to have an identity . 
  focusing on only one or the other is n't a good thing . 
  haha was . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i mean we are all foodies are n't we ? 
  what if i say no to your question of having a tv in my house ? 
  oh , ok yeah i guess that makes sense , but the expression is horrible . 
  i 'm a breathy myself , i put filters on my mouth so only the best air comes in . 
  anaal nathrakh - oil on the sores of lepers . 
  i just love the vocals in that song . 
  also bellum omnium contra omnis from the same band . 
  it 's just intense . 
  just remember sam from lotr . 
  po-ta-toes !, 
  well if you take it as an account of the past and not as just instructions on how to live now , you may get a bit more out of it . 
  of course there are some magical elements and metaphors to it , but would you say that fantasy books that describe war also condone it ? 
  and even if someone is at fault you solve the situation then make sure that they learn their mistake so to not repeat it , not to throw it in their face . 
  depends on the severity of the mistake though . 
  i forget , which part was that ? 
  i agree that those things are written in the bible . 
  but again , we must remember those instructions were written more than 2000 years ago . 
  it 's an old book and it was n't really updated too much . 
  no religious book that was written so long ago should be taken as instructions on how to live , at least not literal . 
  maybe some philosophies but not all , i mean society has changed so much since then . 
  if you approach the book with a rational mind , you can see which rules are still relevant and which are n't , because society has changed . 
  if you take it as god 's word that should be followed to the letter ... well that 's hardly rational now is it ? 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong , but any book should be viewed from the context of it 's time . 
  the problem is when religions try to apply those rules in modern times . 
  and a lot of religious people are rational and aware of changes , even if they sometimes cling to older traditions , but you get some radicals that are as adaptive as metal in sub zero temperatures and that 's what is dangerous to me . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that with the right guidance , the bible is n't a bad book . 
  or almost any book is n't a bad one . 
  you just have to be aware of who wrote it and in which time it was written - to get the sociopolitical stance of it . 
  because if you get two writers writing on the same topic , you might get two completely different books . 
  it 's up to us to read and think about what we read - form an opinion out of it , not just follow books blindly . 
  it 's always a perspective of someone else and as with debates , one should think and form their own opinion . 
  pand or ass box ? 
  already in vanilla ... once you discover the power of mods ... it just sucks you in . 
  or also known as the fifa 98 song . 
  to be fair , i fear the path to death . 
  it 's mostly painful . 
  i mean i could get lucky and die really fast without even knowing , or i can wither away and take a long time to die . 
  i 'm very afraid of the latter . 
  the concept of death does n't really scare me . 
  at least not my own death . 
  the death of my loved ones ? 
  terrifies me . 
  i think i 've lost enough people in my life and i 'm not even at half the average life span yet . 
  the second is ok , the first is the deal breaker for me . 
  or is it la fence-ia ? 
  i really enjoy mr. smith 's speech and neo 's answer . 
  mr. smith shows that he can not understand what it is to be free . 
  to be truly free . . he is trapped within the nihilistic view on humanity . 
  he can not feel and even though he can replicate , that 's not freedom . 
  he could have had the whole matrix to himself and that still would n't be freedom . 
  a part of neo imprinted on smith so he begun to crave more and more for himself and even when he had the eyes of the oracle he could n't see past his choices , he would never understand humans . 
  he shows this in the first part with the virus speech . 
  that 's all he sees . 
  he did n't experience being human , i mean how could he , he was just a machine and then later grown into a self-replicating program ( which defines a computer virus perfectly ) . 
  and he has this long speech about humans for the last time , but it falls apart , when neo replies .
