  besides the action and visual style . 
  but he did n't have to speak all that much . 
  i do n't know it did n't really bother me that much . 
  but if they make another , then some character development will be necessary . 
  who released you from jumanji ? 
  followed by the wicked witch of the west : `` meltiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing !!, 
  it 's because sneezing and diseases are more correlated than any other bodily noises . 
  i sing in the car . 
  while it 's very normal with clean voices , when growling/screaming comes on , people from other cars tend to give me weird looks . 
  i do n't do that with other people in the car . 
  or just go somewhere out in nature and leave a mess there . 
  someone finds you sooner or later . 
  no doot for old skeletons . 
  no country but there 's pizza . 
  and some product placement for apple . 
  i disagree , he was all but invincible . 
  maybe physically . 
  but that was in the first movie as well . 
  when cipher goes on his rant and goes all about how something must prevent him from pulling neo 's plug . 
  well how come tank did n't save apoc or switch ? 
  it was clearly set up to make him not literally invincible , but he could re-create the matrix as he saw fit . 
  the whole first movie is based on getting him there . 
  even morpheus tells him , he will not have to dodge bullets any more . 
  to negate that in a later movie ... i just do n't see it . 
  the movies are n't only about neo . 
  and yes he is very vulnerable in the real world - bane/smith would have killed him . 
  but in the matrix he is a root user . 
  and everything changes only when he gets to the source , not before . 
  there is another aspect that is very important - he ca n't exist without trinity . 
  and in the second movie the first thing we see is her dying . 
  and when she finally does die , so does neo . 
  i do n't know , i found all three movies very exciting . 
  as someone who has battled viruses on my computer , i disagree . 
  a million viruses and you have all the power over a computer , but they are damn hard to get rid of . 
  the matrix is like a computer system and as root user i can break many rules , but some viruses are just so spread and tough , that you have to format the machine . 
  yes it goes from niobe/ghost 's perspective . 
  and they are responsible for recovering the parcel that was sent from the last flight of the osiris ( i could be wrong ) . 
  after cops and agents come to the meeting they fight their way out - leads to the airport as well . 
  not sure about the whole merovingian 's place thing is all about . 
  but then it 's the highway , where niobe catches morpheus . 
  the power plant , where they work together with another ship and neo to get him to the source . 
  ends with flying the hovercraft and crashing , which is a setup for the third movie 's beginning . 
  then niobe gives logos to neo and flies the hammer . 
  present a better idea , do n't just describe it . 
  give me the story . 
  taken 5 : just stay in the basement , i 'm not coming after you again !, 
  how is it underrated ? 
  most people just do n't want to see it again , because it destroys you . 
  and puns everywhere . 
  i think two money would be better than just a money . 
  or even a few money . 
  well i do n't think i could write anything better at 14 or 15 . 
  castor ? 
  how are you nowadays ? 
  are you still head banging to handel 's hallelujah ? 
  so basically you are best friends . 
  i think it was in duke nukem 3d ( probably taken from somewhere else ) , but i remember him saying : `` you 're an inspiration for birth control . '', 
  you 're like a used condom - full of wasted potential . 
  my dad . 
  i just want to meet him . 
  i wishy , i wishy , i was a fishy-wishy . 
  to be fair , you would be put in a huge oven that is designed specifically to turn corpses into ash and then put into a container , so someone has you at home on their cupboard . 
  sounds creepy to me as well . 
  i also mean no disrespect to you or anyone who likes this , i will probably want to be cremated as well . 
  i have none . 
  i had a few experiences that might make me seem gay , but i think that attraction to same sex is the defining one . 
  anything else we attribute to gay people , can also be found in straight people . 
  suicide and the apocalypse . 
  well some episodes were still ok , but there was definitely a big drop in quality as it progressed . 
  taken 7 : take more money . 
  taken 9 : i 'll go with you , just let me talk to my father . 
  well suicide is pretty dark is n't it ? 
  we no think , dingus !, 
  in coma at time . 
  snu-snu to death ? 
  for me it 's like this :, 
  - play the game , campaign on , try to play as best you can . 
  - get bored , obey traffic laws . 
  - get bored again , drive like a maniac . 
  - get bored again - killing spree time . 
  - repeat as necessary . 
  do n't stick to the train and you 're good . 
  try out different schemes . 
  after i get bored of simulating their lives , i simulate their deaths . 
  maybe i should try a grander scheme . 
  link in ghost . 
  breaking all pots they made together , making the loss even more unbearable . 
  i can tell my dad anything . 
  but people give me odd looks when i 'm talking at his grave , so i prefer to do it at night when no one is there . 
  not to mention platoon . 
  i just could n't be serious in the first part when it starts with him yelling at them . 
  i hate him in the king of scotland . 
  he 's ok in x-men . 
  wanted was fun . 
  he also got stuck playing shitty characters for a long time - see constantine , the transformers and indiana jones . 
  but luckily he got cast in better movies lately . 
  how ? 
  this really depends on the movie for me . 
  in some movies he is a perfect fit - face off alongside john travolta . 
  i like their brand of crazy in that movie , especially when they switch .
