  squeeze profusely ? 
  the most bizarre thing is that hr did n't mention the safety of the baby/fetus . 
  #loud noises !, 
  unless you like being high and do it responsibly . 
  for me it 's not that i do n't like competition . 
  i 'm also very happy for people who win and stuff . 
  but i 'm not interested enough to watch it as it happens . 
  i 'll read about it later if i really want to know . 
  well i do n't condone killing 100 % of either group , but yeah , people were pretty much : `` it 's not my problem as it does n't affect me directly . '', 
  ( at least not yet ) . 
  and that 's a mistake we make all the time . 
  well at the beginning she was the annoying one , when walter was just cooking meth . 
  even if he did kill that guy in the basement . 
  i saw that as an act of self-preservation . 
  those two guys would have destroyed everything . 
  but when walt started working with that crazy guy it all turned around for me . 
  i saw skyler in a different way , because at first walt was really cooking to provide for the family , but the further the series went the more i liked skyler and disliked walt . 
  well walt was first shown as the anti-hero . 
  bored dad whose potential is wasted gets cancer , does something extreme but is still an artist and has a moral code at first . 
  just goes downhill episode after episode . 
  i found weeds similar . 
  first she was providing , then episode after episode she just started doing stupid shit . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  my thought process is this : check out the product and listen to a song/play demo/watch trailer , then read reviews from multiple sources . 
  if i still want to give it a chance - go buy . 
  if it is n't available - get it wherever you can . 
  well yeah it was totally your fault , how dare you get pregnant . 
  being active in sports is a completely different thing for me . 
  and i understand professionals watching sports - you see strategies and players and all that . 
  but i 'm an amateur and i like to play basketball , but i play for fun . 
  sure we have a few strategies when we play . 
  but i 'm not interested in watching other people play , unless i 'm taking a rest for a game . 
  or if the courts are full when we want to play - then we just watch others and socialize , but i do n't do that at home . 
  i meant that it 's cool with me if you are responsible with it . 
  one can do it for their whole life if they want , i do n't care and wo n't think they look stupid as long as they can function . 
  would n't make them stupid . 
  but yeah , does n't make them something better either . 
  was replying to the second sentence in op 's answer . 
  well not objectively boring , just boring to me . 
  i am for example far more interested in music and would watch a concert over sports any time . 
  it 's all down to personal preferences . 
  well for me it was my first attempt that did it . 
  i did n't get far , because as i was doing it , i thought to myself : `` how did i even let it come to this ? 
  what the fuck am i doing ? 
  why did i even allow myself to come this far ? '', 
  and that 's when i decided on a better strategy - remove all toxic influences from my life . 
  and work on not being so bad to myself as well . 
  my attempt was done as a quick decision as a lot of things built up and i could n't take it any more . 
  but it really turned my life around , i am a completely new person . 
  started facing my fears ( confrontation was one ) and what really helps me is finding my own creative outlet . 
  i still have thoughts of suicide , but can cope and function to at least look like a normal person . 
  edit : but changing from one state into the other took me years and it has been getting better and better with time and work . 
  metaphorically or literally ? 
  we must trust in ourselves my friends !, 
  devin townsend - planet of the apes . 
  tell klaatu to gtfo and leave us alone . 
  none . 
  i will prefer the books anyway , since in my head , it 's my own representation and the movie medium takes that away . 
  also hard to make a movie act like my imagination ( or anyone else 's that is ) . 
  i 'm happy to read that it 's metaphorically . 
  but yeah i know what you mean . 
  for me it 's like that : routine for a while - shit gets piled up - freak out - back to normal . 
  freak out in this case means something , that completely changes you at least a while , something that breaks your `` normal '' state . 
  can be anything from a very interesting movie , to literally freaking out ( at a concert or another kind of event , go for a really long run/exercise session etc. 
  every now and then i cry like a little bitch . 
  stuff gets piled up and i let it all out . 
  then i 'm good for a few months or so , depends on what is happening to me . 
  heh , i rehearse alone as a part of my routine , really trying to advance , even though i do n't have a band . 
  but sometimes i ca n't play for shit and just put it down and do something completely different . 
  good luck with your band !, 
  actually in the movie he was a very good person until that inhibitor chip got fried in one of his experiments and then he was taken over by the ai . 
  not sure how it was in the comic books . 
  i mean dee dee was always fucking up his laboratory and everything . 
  yeah , he 's one of those characters , that is hilarious to watch , but if you had to work with him daily , you would probably end up a very angry person . 
  just submerge your face into the bowl and drink until you can breathe . 
  i eat quickly . 
  i believe many people wonder , why they hand their land taken away from them . 
  easy abuse is to remain in school until you are 27 years old - free education all the bonuses that come with it and no taxes . 
  that can destroy a country . 
  well that way you ruin your day even if you use a spoon . 
  it might be that it 's afternoon here and i have had my coffee ( s ) and cereal too . 
  well v empire and evil principles made flesh are pretty good . 
  dusk and her embrace is very good too . 
  with falling , i usually conduct more experiments regarding how much falling damage i can take . 
  do n't want to follow them pesky roads - shortcuts everywhere . 
  i find every season has something good and bad for me . 
  spring : when the days get warmer and everything starts growing . 
  i like rainy days , i like the springtime laziness . 
  but the bad side is that sometimes there is too much rain ( floods ) . 
  summer : i like it , because of the heat storms ( love the sound of thunder and seeing lightning ) , do n't like the heat in general . 
  fall : i like how the days are still warm enough to not have to put a billion layers of clothing on and i kind of like watching nature wither as it 's a part of a cycle . 
  a pleasant darkness if you will . 
  but again the rain starts falling too much , can lead to floods . 
  winter : i love snow , skiing , sledding , you name it . 
  i do n't like the cold much , but if i go out , i tend to be active so i 'm not too cold . 
  i do n't like getting sick , but it happens often in the winter ( the flu season i do n't like ) . 
  i do not like snow on the road , because every year there are crashes due to people not changing their tires . 
  and i do n't like the cold mornings - i want to stay in bed where it 's warm !, 
  your wife does n't let you eat in bed either huh ? 
  and sir ian mckellen as death .
