  do you have a broom ? 
  the way his voice gets higher in pitch when he says next to me , made me laugh like a moron for the first time he said that to me . 
  you just have to stay away from the train , so he can get a good shot . 
  my current relationship . 
  when we got together , it 's not that it was n't a good relationship or anything . 
  i just was n't thinking about being in a very serious relationship at the time . 
  boy did that change and i 'm glad it did . 
  sounds hilarious . 
  had a dream that i was in a war zone ( wwii ) and entered a bunker , saw a soldier but shot first and it turned out that i killed a family member , that i never knew about . 
  he was n't even an enemy . 
  felt guilty for a few days after that . 
  it was so realistic , i can remember most details . 
  slug bait was the first one i heard and it freaked me out so much , i did n't listen to throbbing gristle again . 
  i saw that , yes . 
  sounds like a creepy dream . 
  mine was more a sad one . 
  but when i woke up , i was catching my breath - you know when the guilt of what you have done sinks in ... took me about 15 minutes just to calm down . 
  you forgot this : ayy, 
  with love , fred . 
  i never found the slab guy too creepy . 
  he just wanted his slab back . 
  now the perfect episode hit too close to home and that belly talking fetus thing made me lose some sleep . 
  but being scared or sad is a completely different thing . 
  gmork 's intention was to scare the shit out of the hero - he had to overcome his fear to best him . 
  while artax 's doom was designed to take his will away . 
  make him give up , because it seemed so hopeless . 
  losing a close friend can destroy you , if you let it . 
  damn , you feel strongly about this - quadruple comment . 
  but in all seriousness , i have n't seen that . 
  and the person i killed was n't a nazi , just startled me that he was there so i shot him . 
  he was an ally . 
  i frequently use lies of omission . 
  like saying : `` my parents did x and y when i was young . '', 
  i do n't want to explain to everyone that i do n't even know my father . 
  i do n't usually . 
  but if someone asks me a stupid question i respond in a mocking way and seeing them being pissed off by it is just a bonus . 
  what does dumb fuck mean ? 
  with what probability can you say that ? 
  is it more or less a chance than you being a killer ? 
  they landed on the dark side of the sun . 
  you should probably go see a doctor . 
  but are n't the pants what keeps willy from being free ? 
  alien in my pants . 
  well the entrance is pretty much the same , no chest bursting though . 
  they would rescue me , but in such a goofy way . 
  unless it would be one of those sad episodes : `` ba ba ba ba ba ba ba baaaaa , ba ba ba ba ba ba ba baaaaaa ... '', 
  not in pants if they use tampons/sanitary pads correctly . 
  but yeah i see your point . 
  should have said : `` if you 're male , go see a doctor , if female , carry on . 
  every time you move your mouse the first thing it does is disables and enables the drivers/hardware so you get the annoying sound of unplugging and plugging hardware into the usb , also your mouse stops for just a brief second . 
  oh and you have to press each key two to five times , since the same thing happens to your keyboard . 
  the initial one , where you figure out a design flaw and learn not to write code like that again . 
  but you still keep it around , just to remember the horror you wrote . 
  or just a series depicting lovecraft 's best stories , directed by guillermo del toro . 
  well the general population does n't care about the code , but the sensationalism that is present in the csi series in general . 
  but a series has a limited time for one episode and a limited number of episodes per season . 
  it would look bad if they would show him starting hacking and then cut to ... a few weeks later . 
  they ca n't just show the whole process . 
  hey if only lacking the will to live would kill someone , i think most teenagers would die at some point . 
  just a class full of students during a really boring lecture - all dead . 
  african or european swallow ? 
  why not ? 
  the momma who had the chicken and the cow or the dad that was proud and did n't care how ? 
  yes , that is one of the options . 
  depends on what someone is looking for in a relationship . 
  do n't presume that you know why op does n't want to date someone who has children . 
  i was interested in op 's perspective and got my explanation . 
  edit : ok , i have n't written what i meant completely . . 
  your opinion does count , but you wrote it as if it 's the only answer to the question . 
  how am i to know why someone does n't want something ? 
  fair enough , thanks for explaining your point of view . 
  the first sentence . . are you asking , or explaining ? 
  and yes i can see how you would n't like that . 
  i think i found my place on the weirdness scale . 
  but had to go over the limit a few times to get there . 
  i agree , but they ca n't always make stuff take a few weeks . 
  it would n't fit the 20 or 45 minute frame for one episode . 
  i 'll have a cake please . 
  choppin ' that meat !, 
  still good though . 
  i think me3 is the best me regarding gameplay . 
  me2 is very close and the first one . . it 's good but in a different way ( the cooldowns not being shared is great ) . 
  but combat is a bit slower . 
  story wise - the third one is great before you get to the last 10 minutes . 
  or even better yet post something that you found on 9gag and post it on reddit . 
  complete the circular reference . 
  having problems with myself , instead of just saying shut up and fucking live before it 's too late . 
  now i feel as if i have to learn stuff that i should have learned when i was a teenager , but did n't because i did n't even know if i want to live or not . 
  i did n't find it dull . 
  i liked that the cool downs were n't shared like in me2 and 3 , you could really make some interesting combinations . 
  i really liked the mako - preferred it to `` launcing probe ... '' . 
  and not being able to use all weapons if you were n't trained was also good . 
  on the other hand , combat was indeed a bit slower and no melee finishing moves . 
  and of course less aliens and their unique powers . 
  the flesh of fallen coconuts . 
  i feel neutral to people i do n't know , i show them courtesy and treat them as human beings , but that 's not respect . 
  and afterwards they either earn my respect or my disrespect . 
  because being courteous to another human being should n't be something that is n't ordinary . 
  but respecting someone is n't completely ordinary for me . 
  it 's a distinction .
