  i made a clean sweep of my profile the other day - from a few years back . 
  i cringed so much at what i used to post . 
  was n't anything harmful . 
  just teenage angst and some stuff from my past that i have forgotten about ( was n't really the best time of my life ) . 
  i know it will probably stay on their servers forever . 
  but i do n't need on my profile/timeline . 
  with patience and precision . 
  if you go deep enough everyone is white . 
  well you have to unzip the dress first . 
  i like my complements to be bitwise operations . 
  well now you are . 
  well after unzipping it just slides off . 
  what do you have to do to get a camel to ( w ) e ( d ) ? 
  saving this one . 
  seems interesting . 
  thank you for the recommendation . 
  anything for windows phone ? 
  lol , no one . 
  i am genuinely using wp . 
  thanks , 
  i like your username . 
  how 's bitchrend these days ? 
  when someone posts a question on reddit that says : people of reddit or even worse : redditors of reddit . 
  we know you are asking people on reddit , who else can answer these questions ? 
  snug as a bug in a rug with a tug ? 
  whenever my gf and i go to a book store i inspect the female fiction section and mention that they do n't have a book on women 's rights . 
  she knows i 'm just kidding , but the expressions on some people 's faces are hilarious . 
  wait are you kidding ? 
  people are rioting , because a fictional character died ? 
  please tell me you are kidding . 
  oh , ok . would seem pretty ridiculous to protest for a cause like that . 
  occupy hollywood ? 
  i shave everywhere but my legs and arms and i find men 's shaving razor just faster . 
  have n't tried a woman 's razor yet . 
  omg i have n't had a bath in sooooo long . 
  i used to use bubbles and salts - it 's awesome . 
  the salts usually dissolve and those bubbles massage for a while . . best feeling ever . 
  i find decapitated to motivate me . 
  fast , unrelenting music . 
  but the rhythm can be fucked up sometimes . 
  if you do n't mind death metal , start with winds of creation , nihility , the negation . 
  if you prefer groove , then organic hallucinosis , carnival is forever , blood mantra . 
  for specific songs : the first damned , spheres of madness , mother war , post ( ? 
  ) organic , veins , eye of horus are pretty much on my playlist all the time . 
  microsoft lumia 640xl - i could kill someone with this , no problem . 
  kate beckinsale , rosamund pike , charlize theron . 
  guy . 
  that would have been hilarious . 
  make those people that wheel it out run around for a minute or two . 
  i always lose all arguments to myself . 
  i understand the basic biology behind it . 
  i know which pads she uses , so i can go pick them up on my way to the store . 
  sometimes i forget that she is a bit more irritable in that week and a bit before so every now and then i do/say something that in would in normal circumstances make her laugh . 
  so we argue sometimes . 
  i wo n't ever have personal experience with it , since i 'm a guy . 
  so it 's one of those things that i just take into account for every month . 
  i find that no matter how valid my points are , i will always find a way to undermine my own points . 
  hence i do n't stand a chance either way . 
  how loud was the lightning ? 
  i got a head butt a few times . 
  rude people not letting you sleep . 
  must have been horrible . 
  i would love to experience it once just because i know i would be safe indoors and i love to watch storms . 
  i would prefer to be awake though . 
  and hopefully no one would get hurt . 
  why do n't you also ask satan to divide by zero ? 
  just take me straight to hell . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  what is an mra ? 
  i would convince my dad to not drive on the day he had his fatal car crash . 
  that way i would at least get to know him . 
  for the moment it 's the money . 
  i need to live somehow and am getting experience with this job . 
  sure it is n't bad , but it 's not something challenging either . 
  not something i want to do for the rest of my life . 
  but when i get enough experience and if i work hard , i might get to pick my next job . 
  ah , ok i get it , thanks for explaining . 
  let 's just form a line and we can all make it . 
  i imagined everyone just running around waving their arms , that would make an interesting funeral . 
  russian , so i could read roadside picnic and metro 2033 in their original language . 
  also useful to watch russian movies and understand what they say , since there is always something changed in translation ( tarkovsky has a lot of philosphy in movies and words are important ) . 
  questions that start with : people of reddit ( as opposed to all other beings we have here ) and redditors of reddit how do you reddit while you reddit on reddit with reddit . 
  you wrote your question on reddit , who else could the question be directed at ? 
  gibson bongos and ibanez double bass and you 're good . 
  yes . 
  because i 'm not who i want to be , i feel like a failure and not really a good person . 
  some things are awful . 
  even if you take the series as a separate entity from the books . 
  but then again most series that had 5 seasons have done some bad episodes . 
  i mean i ca n't stand a lot of series past season 5 . 
  sg-1 being an exception , even though it has some episodes that i always skip . 
  why would i think badly of you ? 
  i do not shave my back - do n't have hair there ( yet ? ) . 
  why did you regret it ? 
  but yeah if i had enough hair on my back , i would shave it off every now and then . 
  why not ? 
  african or european swallow ? 
  a lot of awesome musical artists . 
  put your windows task bar on the right side . 
  grinderman - heathen child .
