  i 'm not trying to antagonize you or anything , but how do you account for the disorder in life , or perhaps in the universe in general ? 
  but the question is about belief . 
  evidence kind of negates the whole believe thing does n't it ? 
  i did n't say that belief seeks truth . 
  you can believe anything , without any evidence . 
  and yes it can be gullibility , it can help you , it can destroy you . 
  evidence is not what makes you believe , evidence is what makes it the truth . 
  from there on a person still has the choice to believe or not . 
  denial and delusions are a powerful thing . 
  but i do agree with you in terms of seeking truth , that is the preferred path to take . 
   belief is an acceptance that something exists or is true . 
  and is also subjective , while objective truth is n't . 
  i can believe that clouds do n't exist and that makes it true for me subjectively . 
   what can convince you of a truth of a claim if not evidence ? 
  most people have some delusions or other . 
  i can convince myself something is true or not and disregard evidence completely . 
   there 's also such a thing as bad evidence . 
  does bad evidence tell you something 's true ? 
  if i take it as evidence and do n't know it 's bad , yes . 
  that 's how deception works . 
  do n't mix objective truth with subjective truth . 
  you can convince someone to believe something , or they can convince themselves . 
  this makes the objective truth irrelevant for them , because they believe it to be true . 
   evidence is what tells you something is true , it does n't make something true . 
  that thing would still be true in the absence of evidence . 
  imagine if i committed a crime but left literally no evidence . 
  did i still commit the crime ? 
  bad phrasing on my part , yes evidence tells you it 's true or perhaps convinces someone even more . 
  lack of evidence does n't negate it , that 's why religion is the way it is . 
  that 's what they play on . 
   i suppose it depends on what you mean by `` exist '' . 
  but in the general sense of the reality we experience being real you believing that clouds do n't exist would just make you wrong . 
  i can show you a cloud . 
  we can perform tests to determine that they do indeed exist . 
  yeah but for spiritual stuff there can only be subjective experiences . 
  every person experiences that subjectively . 
  having objective proof about god , would defeat his purpose in my opinion . 
   but those delusions would be your evidence , they would be what convinced you , and they 'd be bad evidence as i explained earlier . 
  yes , i completely agree . 
   i only give a shit about objective truth . 
  subjective or `` personal '' truth means nothing to me . 
  if it ca n't be demonstrated to be true , i ai n't gon na believe it . 
  i try to be rational in my beliefs . 
  i do n't hold a single belief that was n't confirmed to me by evidence of some kind . 
  when discussing art , there can only be subjective truth . 
  same thing with religion , it 's a very individualistic experience . 
  if you only want objective truth in those cases , i believe you are missing out . 
  we are not meant to only be rational , sometimes we have to believe some things that are n't rational . 
   and i think that 's a bad thing . 
  it is bad . 
  but that 's what we humans are like . 
  interesting perspective , but not completely what i meant . 
  i mean you described an order and i can see your point . 
  but i believe there always is an opposite to everything , some sort of balance . 
  so you have order and you have chaos , there ca n't be one without the other . 
  same with good or bad , god and satan . 
  i meant that kind of disorder that satan brought . 
  you say that the proof of god is in the order , but some have rebelled against it and create chaos - the disorder to the order . 
  or do you consider that balance as the part of the bigger system you mentioned ? 
  thank you for explaining . 
  that 's an interesting point of view . 
  staying with goodspeed you !, 
  black emperor , i feel the same way with storm . 
  especially the ending with the piano and speech . 
  just feels like someone is talking in a wasteland ( apocalyptic or not ) . 
   staying with goodspeed you !, 
  black emperor , i feel the same way with storm . 
  especially the ending with the piano and speech . 
  just feels like someone is talking in a wasteland ( apocalyptic or not ) . 
  at least they would get some nice tunes out of it . 
  i ca n't just decide for one , since in the same genre you have so many artists that do things differently . 
  i mainly try to avoid clones/copycats . 
  that does n't mean influenced by , but ripping off or trying to deliberately sound like x. 
  but if i go by my current playlists i would say these are the ones i listen to the most :, 
  anaal nathrakh , decapitated , devin townsend ( most projects he has ) , steven wilson ( also most projects he has ) , opeth , agalloch , alcest , cynic , david bowie , emperor , godspeed you !, 
  black emperor , in vain , leprous , necrophagist , gorguts and lately i have been researching summoning , since i am re-reading lotr . 
  you mean hoffman 's ? 
  * pick a longer password *, 
  the funny thing is that am i evil is n't their song . 
  i mean , it 's a great cover nonetheless . 
  i do agree however , that before the load/reload era , they really showed their talent . 
  and to be fair , they still make some great songs , just not great albums . 
  but as is usual with fans and artists , some fans just go too far . 
  putting them on a pedestal as if no one else is better in any way . 
  that is just bullshit and also highly subjective . 
  after she left ? 
  or did you just go on as she was there watching ? 
  maybe hunting too . 
  if you want to avoid small talk , this is not the way to go . 
  that could really backfire on you , unless you bring a picture of what you want or something . 
  : shadow of chernobyl . 
  great atmosphere - and most of the time you walk around alone . 
  it starts off a bit slow , but once things start happening ( from agropom underground and on . . ) , it just gets better and better for me . 
  i love the scary and uncomfortable places it leads you , not to mention all the enemies and friends you meet on the road . 
  maybe call of pripyat is a bit better , since you can choose your role better - you can carry two guns and you can modify and fix your gear . 
  but i find shadow of chernobyl to be the best one , maybe because it was the first one i played , maybe it 's the story . 
  call of pripyat is a close second . 
  clear sky is n't bad either . 
  and the games stay current with the modding community creating some awesome mods , releasing a lot of new content and also content that was supposed to be in the game , but was n't for some reason . 
  i also enjoy the weapons mods - a lot of variety and it 's fun to replay the game in a bit of a different way every time .
