  ended with my post . 
  oh ^ what ^ the ^ hell ^ have ^ more ^ meaningless ^ internet ^ points . 
  well yeah you get tired of one thing so you switch to another and that happens every now and then . 
  well that depends on how drunk that person is . 
  if they are drunk out of their minds , they might not even remember doing that or if they do , they have just lost control due to intoxication . 
  which is n't any less annoying , but understandable . 
  but when a sober person does it , it is unacceptable under any circumstance . 
  my aunt who is a nun was asking about having kids all the time , until my mom subtly indicated the number of children my aunt is going to have given that she is a nun . 
  then she stopped asking . 
  but yeah every family gathering . . 
  i mention me and my gf have rats as pets and someone had to ask : `` are you getting ready for something ? '', 
  like taking care of a baby is the same as taking care of a few rats . 
  or a dog , or any animal in general . 
  whenever someone asks about these things i usually think of the line from the departed : maybe , maybe not , maybe go fuck yourself . 
  and then it goes into a loop of it must have been there before and maybe not ... that sucks yeah . 
  i sometimes do this if i 'm on the highway on the right lane and i ca n't get in the left lane safely and also ca n't break safely , because i 'm going 100km/h or more and the one that wants to get on the highway is going 60 km/h , so i speed up and try to pass them . 
  otherwise it really is n't acceptable . 
  in driving school my instructor said the procedure is like this :, 
  making a turn into a street :, 
  - turn signal, 
  - break, 
  - turn, 
  changing lanes :, 
  - turn signal, 
  - check if you can change/merge, 
  - turn, 
  pip pip da doodly doo . 
  and definitely not for telling other drivers where you came from :d, 
  also the lyrics are just the best . 
  so much power in that song . 
  a few good jokes , mostly bad though . 
  better than epic movie , worse than scary movie . 
  well if it helps at all , i was in a similar situation . 
  when my dad died , i was too young to say goodbye , so i did n't really understand that . 
  then my aunt died and still i was too young , did n't even go to the funeral . 
  when my grandfather had prostate cancer i would visit him and we did have a bit of a connection , i mean he was the only male role model i had at that point . 
  then he was transferred to the hospital , i did come and visit about two times but that was over a year or so . 
  then one day he died and i did n't want to go anywhere - not the wake , least of all the funeral . 
  my mom made me go , so i was there , but i was detached . 
  after the funeral it hit me - i will never see him again , did n't even say goodbye or anything . 
  barely came to visit in the hospital . 
  now i regret it , whenever i remember . 
  but at least i learned the same way as you - the importance of saying goodbye . 
  for myself and the one dying . 
  triple poppycock with a hint of a pip and a tad of a doodly doo !, 
  that 's disgusting my good sir !, 
  oh shit and i 'm at work !, 
  i will meditate to calm down : a ^ aa ^ aa aaaa ^ a ^ aa ^ aaa aaa ^ aa ^ aaa ^ aa aalriiighty theeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen . 
  have n't watched it in a while , i could have memorised it wrong . 
  i 'm getting out of this thread before someone starts droppin ' plates on my ass . 
  yeah i edited my reply , had to figure out how to format . . but am at work right now , so i ca n't watch that . 
  no it 's life that 's falling away from me ... . . fuck !, 
  also screaming some sound . 
  i see you have reason in your ass . 
  where do you keep your poop then ? 
  do n't worry about it , it happens . 
  hahaha and lana would be facepalming the whole time . 
  i 'd live with cheryl/carol whatever she chooses her name to be . 
  i mean , she looks hot , is into some kinky stuff , very rich and a bit irrational . 
  she does n't want kids . 
  voiced by judy greer . 
  life is plastic , it 's fantastic, 
  dank enough then . 
  i do that to my gf too , her face is priceless . 
  a whole new meaning to somewhere over the rainbow . 
  well if there 's anything i do n't lack it 's imagination ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) . 
  no story , only laughter . 
  that is a very common mistake in general . 
  people give advice about symptoms and not the underlying cause . 
  it 's like telling a depressed person to be happier . 
  without figuring out the underlying cause of the of their depression , this kind of advice is meaningless . 
  i hope you are doing better and i wish that you resolve whatever ails you . 
  i have a dream alter ego . 
  i like to imagine things when going to sleep . 
  i am still conscious but i just imagine stuff going on with my dream self . 
  and i went from sexy dreams to all out badass wars , to just normal events , like going out or something . 
  it 's interesting where my dream takes me , sometimes it 's related , other times it just goes into a completely different direction . 
  i also daydream a lot so i make up people . 
  because horror and torture would help his behaviour . 
  now death would but that 's a bit of an overreaction . 
  whenever i write music . 
  i just ca n't help to incorporate what i listen to . 
  maybe i should stop listening to music for a while in order to write it and even then someone , somewhere probably has the same idea for a song . 
  schwarzenegger - i memorize it in a simple way . . schwarze is german for black . . and the second part of the word is a word i never want to use hence i memorize it , with the second letter changed . 
  jennifer lopez . 
  why ? 
  turkey time ... gobble gobble . 
  did n't know one can delete his own hearthstone . 
  how do you get it back ? 
  why ? 
  is n't every breath you take about a girl stalking sting ? 
  also happy cakeday . 
  edit : much like one way or another by blondie . 
  and on the bonus side , she is also kinky . 
  well the romantic parts i never understood , it was always creepy to me . 
  but a lot of musicians put themselves in other 's shoes/minds and try to portray what it seems to them . 
  that 's why i mentioned blondie as she did that . 
  i may be wrong . 
  well i looked it up on wikipedia it says that he was singing about someone obsessed with a former lover not necessarily him about someone or vice versa . 
  source :,
