  same just different music . 
  if i feel angry , death metal is the thing for me . 
  if i am sad then shoegaze , black metal , post-rock , doom works . 
  me neither , the only thing i would worry about is if i would be put together wrong . 
  having ~ ~ a finger ~ ~ my dick in the middle of my forehead is not worth the extra hour in bed . 
  my family should never know how close i was to ending my life a few years ago . 
  i never showed it on the outside and i am doing better now . 
  any propagation of hate . 
  because if we would work together we could evolve in every aspect . 
  i would n't mind , be it mfm or fmf . 
  i 'm all up for experimentation if that would be her thing . 
  as long as she remains in love with me , i can separate pleasure and love . 
  unless they mistake their hand for a branch and try to hang on to it plummeting to their deaths . . does happen sometimes . 
  those are some pretty stressful few seconds . 
  giant squid under the sea ... we have n't really explored there , so we do n't bother it too much . 
  probably has enough food as it 's huge and can pretty much take anything down . 
  nah , i just do n't want to be a dickhead , that 's all . 
  well that depends on some conditions . 
  do you live in the direction of truck b or a ? 
  truck b is going faster so it will reach it 's destination sooner , unless it 's smaller than truck a , which would give truck a a gravitational pull on truck b. 
  now if their paths are opposite , that works in truck b 's advantage since the pull makes it go faster , but once they meet and truck a goes beyond it will pull truck b back . 
  if you 're not so lucky and the paths are perpendicular to each other , then truck a is constantly pulling truck b with a force , you can calculate that using the pythagorean theorem . 
  now if truck b is the heavy one , it will use the gravitational pull to accelerate so it 's going to be faster . 
  in conclusion it really depends on whether you ordered express delivery or normal delivery . 
  well you see when you have both eyes , one shuts down if it 's in the field of view of the other one . 
  now when you only have one eye , it never shuts down , so you get a wider field of view . 
  i 've said too mu, 
  i was stopped three times in a week . 
  first time my girlfriend was driving as we were going home at about 2 in the morning . 
  we wanted to get off the highway but it was the wrong exit , so she went on the lane to exit and then quickly off . 
  the officer thought it was suspicious and stopped us , she explained the situation and that was it . 
  second time was also going home at about that same hour and i was driving . 
  i saw an officer behind me with lights on , so my instincts told me to get out of his way . 
  i change lanes , he changes lanes , i sped up and changed lanes again , he does the same . 
  then i figured out he wanted to stop me . 
  i stopped and apologized immediately when he came to my window . 
  he gave me the alcohol test , it showed zero and we were on our way . 
  third time i was going home from a concert ( origin , suffocation ) . 
  so i was half deaf as the music was really loud and i have forgotten my ear protection at home . 
  this time a police woman stopped me and i kid you not for everything she said to me i asked her to repeat please as i did n't understand a thing . 
  she gave me a few weird looks as if i was messing with her , but i explained to her that i was at a concert and ca n't hear for shit . 
  she gave me the alcohol test and it showed zero again and i was on my way home . 
  was n't stopped by police since then . 
  in cold blood . 
  why would you prefer mfm ? 
  and if it 's not too personal how do you imagine that ? 
  guitar strings , books and cd 's . 
  if there 's a great concert i would buy tickets and merchandise for 100 $ . 
  edit : perhaps a video game or two when a good new one comes out ( like doom , fallout 4 etc. ), 
  most awkward/embarrasing moment in the history of earth . 
  if she really likes movies , mad max is the better choice . 
  if she likes family guy , ted might be ok , have n't seen the second one yet . 
  steven wilson . 
  the amount of great music he has made or contributed to is just astounding . 
  he really knows what he is doing . 
  i love debates so anything really as long as there is a dialogue and not a monologue . 
  if i had to have a monologue then , poetry , music , literature , philosophy , computer science mainly . 
  both of them are great looking david 's to be fair . 
  bridgette wilson ? 
  also sonya in mk . 
  a conversation with chuck schuldiner would be very interesting . 
  boo , you whore . 
  for me it stops with her farts . 
  only my own smell well . 
  both old and new for me . 
  but does media fuel melt dank memes ? 
  not completely , it can be useful if used right . 
  why do n't you go stand outside , i feel lucky . 
  - fresh prince of bel air -, 
  # #endhashtags #superpissed #uselessifnotontwitter #peopleunite #shortattentionspan #forgotwhatiwassaying #somebodystopm 3, 
  edit : holy shit , did not know that hashtags do that : s, 
  please educate my stupid self on how you did this . 
  no money , no will towards being one , wrong last name , wrong set of morals . 
  guitar , amplifier and effects . 
  if taken care of correctly all can be used for a very long period of time . 
  what 's yer offer ? 
  jebala te ob\u010dina which roughly translates to may your district fuck you . 
  chuck schuldiner - i 'd love to hear more about his philosophy and his ideas about music and life in general . 
  thou shalt make commentaries irrelevant , dank and funny lest you suffer the want for karma . 
  these are all in surround sound :, 
  opeth - watershed , blackwater park, 
  porcupine tree - deadwing , lightbulb sun , fear of a blank planet, 
  i 've seen pink floyd already mentioned . 
  agreed , shops throw away a lot of food every day as they are obligated by law to do so . 
  i think inventions themselves are harmless , it 's how they are used that can be harmful . 
  for example : nuclear power plants/nuclear bombs are derived from the same basic invention/theory , just used differently . 
  and the carribean prick in true romance :d, 
  christopher lee - such a wide range of villans . 
  i know , i was just trying to emphasize your point . 
  it 's not the supply that is the problem , but that it 's in the wrong places i.e. 
  shops do not sell what they get , so they have to throw it away . 
  hah , nope . 
  would n't that be good given the last name of the current president ? 
  but in that case i lack the color . 
  i just ca n't win these things it seems . 
  nonsense !, 
  me right now :, 
  you dropped this \\ . 
  no problem, 
  you missed the up vote train .
