  flying yellow and black spiders ? 
  i do n't get it , do you want her to roll that shit around ? 
  because it feels good . 
  i switch stuff around , sometimes it 's my gf , sometimes it 's just random porn people . 
  well let 's put it this way - without music i 'd have probably killed myself already . 
  not for the lack of trying . 
  but it helped me get through some horrible stuff . 
  found my release and it 's worked ever since . 
  playing , writing , listening to it - helps a lot with everyday stress . 
  envy/lust for power . 
  i think that would solve a lot of problems . 
  some urinals had little goals with footballs on a string in the time of the football championship something event . 
  i was n't paying attention to the tv , but i was aiming for that football every time . 
  i 'm told that boobs can also hurt before/mid/after menstrual cycles . 
  is that like they are just sensitive to the touch , or is there pain present all the time ? 
  depends on what made me laugh . 
  if it 's the honest ca n't be held in laugh , it 's loud , high pitched , crude and i probably cry too . 
  me , i reserved it . 
  yes , that is true . 
  or it makes you mad . 
  he was big on the fear of the unknown . 
  but a lot of things are also well described and would be great to see . 
  and i also think that those things that ca n't be figured out are like that from the view of the characters in the stories . 
  as outside observers , we could be allowed to see them . 
  shit , that must be annoying . 
  i ca n't imagine my balls hurting for a week , because of something my body normally does . 
  i see your point and yeah showing something like that is hard , would probably let down a lot of people , since each has his/her own way of imagining these things . 
  but tv is a medium that has to show things . 
  you can only talk about a hidden horror for a season and even that is a lot of time to reveal something like that . 
  never showing it , would seem like a lot of hype for nothing . 
  yeah . 
  until 2003 , when they made the second two . 
  i rarely completely disagree with xkcd , but i just do n't get the hate for the matrix sequels . 
  and yeah i agree , it fills the gaps very well . 
  how is it underrated ? 
  casting leslie nielsen as dracula was brilliant in this case . 
  and the guy that play renfield . 
  i have to watch this again soon . 
  children of the night . . what a mess they make . 
  i disagree , it 's not really forgotten . 
  depends on whom you ask . 
  i mean at the time when it came out it was really praised and a lot of people were talking about it . 
  but it wo n't be like star wars where everyone just instantly know which movie you mean . 
  it 's not that type of a movie . 
  that does n't mean that it 's bad , just not a blockbuster . 
  which is a shame , since it 's an awesome movie . 
  are you having a daymare ? 
  yeah but one should n't take religious books literaly . 
  that 's like missing the point deliberately . 
  it 's like taking a comedy too seriously , of course you wo n't enjoy it . 
  and it 's not that simple . 
  you always have a choice to seek redemption or deny it for yourself . 
  and it 's not god that says that you will go to hell for not seeking redemption . 
  for christianity the absence of god is hell . 
  so if you do not seek god , you do not let him into your life - that 's hell for them . 
  while i disagree and choose to seek my own path , i can understand their position . 
  that 's the charm of religious books , take them as directions and not rules - you have a few pointers you can choose to ignore or accept . 
  be too serious or literal about them , well then you 're going to have a bad time in religion and the people around you might as well . 
  i am not religious , but i do n't deny some good philosophies that are found in religious texts . 
  i just want to point out some middle ground . 
  op wrote that he/she had no concept of respecting other people 's beliefs . 
  you wrote that you always tried to debate and so on . 
  i do n't think having a debate is wrong . 
  one needs not agree with the other to accept them . 
  i really like having debates about anything really . 
  and even if i say for example that x seems stupid to me and then present arguments for it , that does n't mean i think you are stupid . 
  that 's the charm of debating - talking about something from different perspectives , without feeling insulted . 
  but of course both parties have to be in favour of this debate . 
  i do n't usually instigate `` controversial '' themes , where people might get offended too quickly , i just do n't want to press people on certain issues if i see it makes them too uncomfortable . 
  but if someone asks me , i will answer truthfully and no one should be offended , since i 'm talking about my own perception of said thing . 
  maybe it was bacteria that acts as a dog . 
  well not all phobias are rational . 
  the teacher may have known the science behind it and that all of you are safe . 
  he/she may also have had a phobia or some bad experience that caused said behaviour . 
  phobias are very hard to get rid of . 
  that 's like saying that there is a difference between having depression and letting it bring you down . 
  exactly , we do n't know what he had . 
  and yes of course he needed help . 
  but your first comment said it 's dumb . 
  it 's not . 
  help is needed , but it 's far from dumb . 
  you ca n't control which phobia you have . 
  some crimes you should care for . 
  like murder , rape and molesting kids for example . 
  but i do agree , substance abuse , their marriage , whom they are with , what kind of gravy they like are all completely unimportant things . 
   either he does n't believe a word he says and is making a move for the throne , or he believes so much in what he says he does n't trust anyone but himself to rule . 
  well put . 
  i agree , but that will also lead to his end , same as cersei/cat for example . 
  their love for their family is also their doom . 
  they both did stupid things out of their fear for their family . 
  each in her own way of course . 
  and when cat lost ned , it just got worse . 
  cersei is more on the slow downfall . 
  lest brienne flips her wig too and just kills everyone in kl alongside cersei . 
  then they fall in love and we have the reign of the two queens on the iron throne . 
  the addition is fine , but subtracting drugs is where problems usually occur . 
  do n't get me started on division . 
  that is potentially dangerous . 
  my man zeno . 
  worst drug dealer ever .
