  but i think the hateful tone is just setting up for the last part at least that 's how i perceive the song . 
  he names everything he hates/dislikes and would pretty much like to see change , but changing something usually involves destruction and rebuilding . 
  so yeah it 's hateful , but i get it more as venting and then in the end he says he just wants a change in general . 
  i mean , everyone has stuff that upsets them about society . 
  this was just his list of what he could do without . 
  i 'm not making excuses for tool , they have a few hateful songs . 
  i just perceive this one differently . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i never wrote their way is bad . 
  i just wrote that i do n't believe what they do and then stated my opinion on the matter . 
  i never said their way of coping and keeping their brother 's memory alive is bad , stupid or talking it down in any way . 
  i have a different perspective , they are entitled to their own . 
  i 'm not sure why a person would not be able to handle another person 's idea about something that is highly subjective . 
  i am very happy that they find solace in what they believe , because with death anyone can always use all the help they can get . 
  i did not correct anybody about anything . 
  my opinion is subjective and not an objective truth as i wrote several times . 
  i was chosen by mistake . 
  but it was too late . 
  steven wilson - happy returns . 
  years are passing me by and i 'm feeling lonely . 
  i feel like , i do n't have much to offer others but sorrow . 
  yeah i guess you are right . 
  i could have held my opinion to myself . 
  but i also went through a lot of deaths in my life and one was less than a year ago , so i just wanted to start a debate about different beliefs . 
  i guess my phrasing sucks , since i was n't trying to mock anyone . 
  and for that i apologize . 
  i just disagree about the part where you mention that i do n't see a point to it . 
  that 's just not true . 
  if there is a point to it is up to the person who believes in it . 
  because it 's subjective . 
  my disbelief in something should never ever influence someone 's belief . 
  and debating about it is not the same as trying to convince someone . 
  but if it means something to you , keep with it , do n't let a dissenting opinion take that away from you . 
  well i 'm not sure how to take it , that 's why i asked . 
  if it would have to relate to the holocaust , then i would ask how they got the strength to carry on . 
  if it could be anything , i would avoid talking about the holocaust , since bringing up such memories is n't something that would make them feel good , i assume . 
  that 's one reason yeah . 
  but are the only people you know , people from work ? 
  two hour meeting tomorrow . 
  i would be more active if i was sleeping . 
  what is the shitload to kg ratio these days ? 
  she does . 
  holy shit , that 's a lot . 
  katatonia , agalloch , movie music , classical , cynic , devin townsend , steven wilson , tool , anathema . 
  anything melodic really , ca n't sleep with something too technical . 
  did you mean : the good the bad and your mom ? 
  edit : i 'm dumb . 
  star wars : the force awakens your mom . 
  make up your mind , which one is it ? 
  step 2 ? 
  failed concert . 
  singer was drunk , forgot new song , we did it three times . 
  then we made a mistake at a song we 've played at every concert . 
  it was completely unexpected and we all felt very bad . 
  colour does n't play a part in me considering her dating material , her mind and shape does . 
  is that like half a bono ? 
  that butt sketch made your comment even more relevant . 
  i liked imps and the pinky too . 
  just the representations . 
  the rest . . as you said . 
  well it 's not that simple . 
  there is a difference in generation and expression with each version . 
  nowadays shit is n't generally seen as a vulgar word . 
  at least not as it used to be . 
  and cash also used more biblical references in his works . 
  but he used them in a traditional sense , while trent changes them ( closer is also a good example of this ) . 
  marilyn manson then did the same with the holywood album . 
  that for me is a big change in expression . 
  besides the different voice and instruments in each version of the song . 
  well that 's how i see it . 
  but a few places and most places is a big difference . 
  i mean you have tv shows that even make fun of curse words - specifically shit in [ the wire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yu_rrbh_eku ) . 
  well yeah , but cash 's music is n't for kids either , nor are nine inch nails . 
  what i meant was that swearing in media is a lot more acceptable than before . 
  instructions unclear , dick stuck in toilet . 
  so a fuckton is 20kg , since a shitload is 2kg ( explained in comments below ) . 
  that means that a normal to fuckton ratio is 100:2 . 
  so i guess you 're pretty fucked if instead of 1000kg , you have 20kg of something . 
  well it definitely is n't darker . 
  better get a bucket . 
  offtopic : i like your username . 
  ontopic : i agree . 
  but i have a system that i keep to . 
  when it is n't as satisfactory ( usually happens when it 's 3 times a day for a week or two ) , stop for a while . 
  then start again , but start slowly . 
  and i have been keeping to this cycle . 
  but first i did have to get through the horny teen stage , where numbers would vary from 3-7 . 
  well seven is my record , happened only once . 
  it was a slow day and i was very bored . 
  i know you meant this seriously and irl , i would be terrified if a clown with a chainsaw would be chasing me . 
  but as i read your comment my mind went to krusty the clown laughing with a chainsaw trying to catch someone . 
  i started laughing like an idiot . 
  i think that sam overcomes the conflict because he is so loyal to frodo . 
  without frodo sam also would n't be able to resist it . 
  they are both absolutely necessary . 
  as is gollum in the end . 
  ca n't murder now , eating . 
  goddamn heretics , burn them !, 
  i see it more as a metaphor sometimes . 
  i mean jack plays this very disorganized , sometimes vulgar , lazy and disinterested guy in the movie .
