  on a serious note : yeah i can understand that . 
  but i 'm sure you are resourceful and will find something . 
  it 's not easy , but not impossible if a person really wants to work . 
  good luck to you . 
  that 's awesome , one could fill the whole broadcast time with various projects devin townsend was in , kataklysm , rush , cancer bats , cryptopsy , quo vadis etc. 
  gaming can have some adverse effects , like if you kill your spouse too many times , they tend to get mad . 
  unless you are playing mortal kombat , no rules apply there . 
  unnamed father figure from the road . 
  not that i want an apocalyptic surrounding or anything similar , just the way he took care of his son . 
  even if he did n't explain everything to him ( too young i suppose ) , he made sure to explain most situations . 
  perhaps in the sense that you make your own decision , even if that decision means following the crowd 's direction . 
  because the crowd is usually interpreted as a number of mindless fools , that follow someone/something without thought . 
  but you have chosen your path for other reasons than just to follow the crowd . 
  going into the same direction is not necessarily following . 
  we also take turns playing single player games like me 1 - 3 , fallout etc. 
  but in multiplayer it 's best to co-operate than go against each other . 
  unless it 's a game where the basis of it is n't co-operation , like mk . 
  i hear a lot of voices . 
  depends on who is talking and the `` narrator '' has a distinct voice too . 
  sometimes it changes day by day . 
  like right now i am reading dune and when reading descriptions of the atredies the voice is different then when i read descriptions of the harkonnen . 
  so anything you can imagine really . 
  system32 folder in the windows folder . 
  add something new to the mix to see where this goes . 
  just do it . 
  why should anyone judge you ? 
  pretty much life in general . 
  is that like a spin-off of the godfather ? 
  it 's gold jerry , gold . 
  injury , i do n't mind it 's not like you did it on purpose . 
  now self harm is another category . 
  i hope you do n't consider this judgemental , but i would be a bit more careful with a person that has self harm scars . 
  not because of the scars themselves but the fact that she harms herself . 
  i had some bad experience in this area , so that 's why . 
  i would n't treat her differently like thinking she was less or something . 
  but i would be careful about what i say . 
  and if she would turn out to be past this , i would n't mind really . 
  it was a bad time in your life i get it , i also had it and if you are past it , i do n't mind the scars . 
  is n't the tree named something like the tree of the knowledge of good and evil ? 
  and the way i understood that story it 's that god does n't want man to be burdened by that , so he forbade adam and eve to eat from it as he would take care of them in eden . 
  but then the snake that seduced eve told them , they would be like god if they ate from the tree . 
  and they did become to the point of knowing they are naked and that seemed bad to them . 
  so god knew immediately , when they made clothes , that they ate from the tree . 
  also adam was trying to blame eve for it . 
  so it 's like prometheus , just that his thing was fire and then it was up to man to use it as he saw fit . 
  also prometheus got punished , just like the snake . 
  after reading paradise lost i liked the story , that the devil wanted to usurp god 's throne , so god cast him and all those who were with him to hell , but as revenge the devil made sure for the fall of adam and eve and tried to reign over god 's new creation . 
  but because of free will it is up to us to decide who we follow . 
  tl ; dr : but yeah the fruit is never directly specified . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  marilyn manson - new model no . 
  shadow of chernobyl . 
  do n't worry , he does n't have an addictive personality . 
  spiders , to systematically scare people and when done with them , they would be devoured and we would move on to the next house . 
  as opposed to the rest of the movie that took me off my seat as i fell to the floor laughing like a moron . 
  shroud of distress - life underestimated, 
  i like it how one ca n't understand the lyrics and just his voice is enough to sense his despair . 
  maybe there are lyrics , but i ca n't find them anywhere . 
  all you had to do is follow the damn train , bruce !, 
  nothing , we are the supreme generation , all others shall always fail short of our achievements . 
  as each generation before them , we shall look upon the new generation and recall our triumphs and solemnly swear that when we were young we were harder , better , faster and stronger . 
  but we will do it better , more frequently and with more guilt attached to it as the generation before us has been flawed . 
  what we have in our pocketsess . 
  same thing happens at concerts . 
  oh look it 's the calm part of the song , let 's talk now so no one will fucking hear it . 
  or trying to talk louder than the music/movie - why do n't you step outside if you want to talk ?!, 
  got me angry just thinking about it . 
  oh look it 's the nagger guy . 
  now you 've done it . 
  no one would have known of people from jupiter , but you had to say something , did n't you ? 
  i could n't go full renegade and mordin was one of the reasons for it . 
  i frequently dream my own death . 
  either someone else kills me or i do it myself in a number of ways . 
  donate organs/body either for others who still need them or for scientific purposes . 
  i want to be helpful , even after i die . 
  at least the gun would not be loaded , right ? 
  first i read sit and thought of a joke that you should fart and make it warmer - then re-read the post so never mind i see it 's been taken further . 
  because men do n't feel the psychological damage of getting hit ? 
  even if you are stronger physically it does n't mean you enjoy violence . 
  we should just avoid hitting anybody at all costs . 
  and if you really think you should hit back , do n't escalate the violence as written a few comments above by / u/aido727 . 
  and it 's not the same as hitting a child . 
  a child is mentally and physically not prepared for something like that . 
  if a woman starts a physical confrontation and does n't back down , i think she should mentally be aware of a possible retaliation and should n't think in any case that it wo n't happen . 
  you should n't even compare adult women to children , at least not mentally . 
  if a weak guy would start something with a stronger guy , would you also think that the stronger guy should n't hit him back ? 
  if she can make me think and/or genuinely laugh . 
  tp and lsd . 
  do n't bottle up your feelings . 
  heeere 's johnny , heere 's johnny , heeere 's johnny . 
  oh look dear it 's already three o'clock . 
  opeth - ghost reveries, 
  but you have to ignore isolation years - one extra song without any relation to the story . 
  blackadder . 
  well that depends on the item . 
  100 bucks for a guitar is nothing - ca n't really buy a good guitar for that low of a price . 
  so regarding guitars , computers , cars and similar products i do n't want to go for the cheaper one but look at the ratio of durability/usefulness and price . 
  now if you 're paying 100 bucks for a loaf of bread , that 's fucking expensive and i would buy cheaper . 
  i would say edgar allan poe . 
  he uses such a great language .
