  long one though considering that every part is about 40minutes and about 24 parts per season , that 's 16320 minutes just for the series or twelve days if you include the movies as well . 
  but that means watching 24 hours a day and do nothing else . 
  you 're not my supervisor !, 
  boss : actually ... 
  awkward ride that would be . 
  requiem for a dream . 
  an experience of drug addiction and you can even pick the drug , of course none of it is real , but you figure that out only after you come out of the ride . 
  that would probably be an 18 + ride with a big nsfl on it . 
  no story , only laughter . 
  gojira - in the wilderness, 
  sounds good to me . 
  incontinentia ... incontinentia buttocks . 
  * everyone laughs *, 
  i love the build up to that , he says biggus dickus so many times you know that joke is done and then he just turns around and mentions his wife . 
  i 'm fed up with this wrlrlrlrlrl . 
  the french taunting in monty python 's the holy grail . 
  both times . 
  we watched the movie for the first time in english class and even the teacher who wanted to stay at least a bit serious could n't help crying with laughter . 
  now go away before i taunt you a second time !, 
  so is this good or bad ? 
  luxury !, 
  bewildered . 
  came here to write song in head . . saw the turn around comment ... head changed song to total eclipse of the heart . 
  every now and then i fall apart !, 
  in my opinion you can admire someone and not respect them . 
  for example i can admire someone that is prolific/skilled in a specific area/field . 
  but if they are rude , arrogant , hostile , entitled etc. 
  they will not have my respect . 
  i take respect as in you ca n't respect someone just partially , either you do or you do n't . 
  but admiration . . you can admire something about someone , while still hating something else about them . 
  that was so well put , now you are my hero . 
  do n't you crack , my porcelain hero person . 
  well if your hate for someone is truly justified and with good cause , then no , i believe you can not respect that person . 
  it 's not completely binary , i mean it does n't just vanish with one bad deed . 
  you must take into account , that we are flawed . 
  and there is tolerance for losing respect or gaining it as well . 
  depends on the situation really . 
  but i would consider admiration like a cluster of respect . 
  you admire/approve enough about a person , so then you begin to respect them . 
  or the opposite , someone lets you down many times , you stop respecting them . 
  i hope this does n't catch on , it 's enough for people to say that their children are 48 months old . 
  i 'm a lumberjack and i 'm ok . * falls * not any more . 
  chopping a tree where there was n't much room . 
  axe goes through tree and into leg . 
  darwin rolled in his grave . 
  i got a scar . 
  well i was so sick that i did n't really use my cellphone or my computer a lot . 
  i was in bed for about a week . 
  since she did n't hear enough from me ( even though i told her i was sick ) , she dumped me , saying that is no way for me to treat her , i do n't need this in my life etc. 
  i hope you did n't feel too bad . 
  who needs that kind of crazy in their lives . 
  would you stop giggling and let me fucking kiss you !, 
  damn , that 's like frying hardware using software . 
  motor skills and perhaps heart condition and maybe cancer . 
  i do n't really have a lot of reference here - only my grandfather . 
  but he was n't bald , so that 's something . 
  i would make it worse by laughing . 
  lack of empathy towards fellow humans , animals . 
  but in that order , it 's getting popular to like animals better than other humans - that is also a deal breaker . 
  making conclusions on subjects they are ignorant about or just heard something from a friend/on the internet and never really investigated it . 
  i mean surely you ca n't know everything , but if you have n't even researched it at all , then i do n't want to be with you . 
  that quickly turns into blaming me for no reason , when you do n't know the whole situation . 
  playing the victim is the worst offender for me as i had very bad experience with that before , i just take that as a big red flag . 
  died by programming . 
  how ? 
  explosive diarrhea . 
  you know plant explosive then boom - literally shitty . 
  then again the villains would smell so bad it would n't be hard to trace them . 
  frag grenade , land mine ( bouncing betty would be quite a good one as it jumps out ) , any explosive you can think of . 
  but the poop would not be in a solid state - liquid so it sticks . 
  total empathy towards everyone , not just people , animals too . 
  use my knowledge to better understand living beings . 
  would make it harder to live though . 
  read a book . 
  wait wait , did i just collapse a building with my program ? 
  that was one hell of a program :d, 
  the sun 's cycle dictates that it rises again . 
  all you have to do is hold on through the night . 
  but that 's easier said than done . 
  i wish you the best of luck in finding the sun again . 
  well that 's great , finding such an activity or place is a big step towards recovery from bad times . 
  i 've never went through what you did but finding something where i can feel at peace really brought my life together , of course not immediately but in time . 
  haha , they will never find me and take me aw, 
  we also upvoted you . 
  good to know , you saved us some time ^ ( ~ ~ just kidding we are on our way ~ ~ ) ^ ( dammit who is writing our plans ?! ) ), 
  is he krogan ? 
  maybe he/she is a cubist . 
  i felt like it was very similar to the movie secretary . 
  just that secretary was watchable . 
  this was just a bad rip off . 
  they are both exceptional . 
  while the original with sir christopher lee and edward woodward is a masterpiece . 
  yeah but there is a difference saying i like big butts , or fat bottomed girls you make the rocking world go round . 
  you talk about others and tasteful or not you still leave your ego out of it . 
  now she is talking about herself and yes it is good that she is confident about her body . 
  but the problem is that a lot of her songs give the impression that she is egocentric regardless of what theme the song has . 
  i believe it can be done in a better way . 
  into another dimension , satan claims them for himself as tribute for your awesome guitar skills . 
  half life 3 confirmed !, 
  we did it reddit !,
