  quarantine is closer but not it . 
  hard truck apocalypse is very close but also not it . 
  thanks for searching though , 
  ah , the classic reddit op 's momeroo . 
  you do n't frighten us you silly english knigggggets . 
  full of wasted potential . 
  you 're an inanimate fucking object !, 
  well if i can go quickly : in sleep , falling off a cliff and dying instantly , shot to the head with a shotgun , i do n't care , i 'd be dead . 
  if i ca n't go quickly : drowning would be preferred . 
  i do n't want to burn or get stabbed or something . 
  but they go in through the back door , every system has one . 
  but that 's why real gangstas shoot sideways bro . 
  just print the damn thing !, 
  you must work up a big telephone bill my friend . 
  perhaps . 
  but then again shanks also had a few problems with the writers not developing daniel if i recall correctly . 
  i think that 's why he dies a few times . 
  so food , get baked , then food again ? 
  well yes , that 's what i meant . 
  but they say , that the force with which your target is hit , can only be as much as there is force against you - so that 's how you generate enough force for them to fall back . 
  edit : the they say part is newton 's third law of physics . 
  hah , perhaps . 
  but i sure would need it at that time , did n't have any motivation . 
  shia could have helped me out . 
  `` why do n't you also divide by zero while you 're at it ? '', 
  the topic was what would break the internet and someone posted , that kate upton and emma watson in a room together taking / r/gonewild requests . 
  edit : nsfw subreddit . 
  clearly brainwashed by said cat . 
  i usually like to quote bill hicks on the meaning of life . 
  it 's just a ride , a choice between love and fear , right now . 
  and i have come to that by myself before i 've seen his show , but he just put it in better words . 
  i 'm not much of a spokesperson . 
  so my meaning is - there is no meaning . 
  i live to understand as much as i can , to take in as much as i can from the ride , be kind/helpful to other people along with me - have a great experience in general and when my time comes , to die . 
  i mean life is a process anyway and we are all a part of it . 
  life wo n't just end , even with my death . 
  and that 's all i need . 
  when you sum it all up i am happy with my life in general . 
  while i partially agree with your statement , i think that if someone would n't think twice about dumping me , i do n't really need them in my life . 
  hard to say . 
  i met her when i was still with my ex and we all hung out for new year . 
  she left me alone with her and another of her friends for about half an hour and we all talked . 
  then we kind of went for a stroll - we were a bigger company and after chatting for about an hour my then gf and i went home to her house , while they remained in the city . 
  we did however exchange msn contacts - not just with her though , with others too . 
  after that my ex dumped me , after 5 months of our relationship and me and this girl that i am with now were just talking on msn a lot for about half a year or a bit more . 
  then we started to meet and we just talked and talked . 
  that happened multiple times . 
  when one time that we met , i just kissed her . 
  not immediately , but just before we left . 
  then she came to see us playing a concert and we hung out together . 
  and after a while she came to my house , where we watched a movie ( constantine ) and make out a lot . 
  but she was going to spain for a month in july . 
  so i told her , i would wait for her , until she comes back . 
  and after that month when we met , we were officially together . 
  and this year we had out six year anniversary . 
  espejos - silence of the old man, 
  completely inappropriate . 
  depressive suicidal black metal is n't really for weddings . 
  i do n't really know the lyrics as they are sung in spanish - i catch only a few words . 
  it 's a beautiful song , but not for weddings . 
  ringtone would work , now as your alarm tone - that makes you hate it within a few days . 
  i had that rule , then i ended up trying to sleep to a bad song and got completely irritated even before i got up . 
  now i have one of those tones that has random beeps and noises . 
  somehow that does n't bother me that much . 
  well there always comes a point when i have to tell an acquaintance that i do n't have a parent . 
  it 's really not a big deal for me to talk about it , but it usually creates a bit of awkwardness/tension as most people do n't really know how to react with a news like that . 
  and it 's a very common theme but when you have to say : `` i never knew my dad . '', 
  in the context of a normal conversation - you kind of bring everyone down and that 's something i 'm a bit tired of . 
  it also ended quite a few conversations . 
  so at work i now refer to my mother as my parents . 
  but there will come a time , when my co-workers will learn the truth . 
  i hope it wo n't be too awkward . 
  gently in the bath - see a spider - don ' forget to burn your fucking house to the ground . 
  yeah but if a child is too young for porn , what is he/she doing awake at one in the morning ? 
  honestly there is n't a reason for a child below the age of 15 to be awake and watch t.v. 
  at that time . 
  what about disabled people ? 
  so you like mosquitoes , ticks , bacteria and germs ? 
  or do you just want the extinction of every living being on the planet ? 
  in flames . 
  started with whoracle , still love it . 
  i agree , she was very hot in baywatch . 
  yeah , ian watkins comes to mind . 
  very famous for some fucked up shit . 
  hit the bitch , dump the lawyer and hire the gym . 
  hero 's what ? 
  anyone who does any work with computers . 
  because when your family finds out , you are the one that all technical difficulties are directed at . 
  i 'm a programmer and work in . net , sql and a bit of web . 
  and yet i 'm the one that is supposed to know how to fix all cellphones , cameras , remote controls , internet problems and read through contracts and offerings of new packages by the internet or mobile provider for most of my family . 
  and when you do n't know how to do everything usually someone says : `` i thought you were good with computers '' . 
  sorry , comment turned to rant , but it just makes me angry . 
  spiders kill other insects and most people are disgusted and terrified of them . 
  oh hi mervyn , sherrif of rottingham . 
  haha good one . 
  i might just do that . 
  in the wicker man he is n't even worth mentioning . 
  leaving las vegas ( i think ) - very good acting . 
  she 's hot though . 
  agreed .
