  i disagree . 
  velvet , stay on these roads , sun always shines on tv , crying in the rain , i 've been losing you , summer moved on . 
  examples of songs that i remember off the top of my head . 
  but i do agree that their last four - five albums are not really famous . 
  oh man , garbage day makes me laugh so much . 
  i do n't even know the movie , just this part . 
  the way he looks as if his eyes are going to pop out . 
  i think that whoever thinks brad is a bad actor , should watch 12 monkeys . 
  he 's just brilliant in that one . 
  have you watched the town or gone girl ? 
  i do n't think that she was ever hired solely for her acting skills . 
  what bothered you about him ? 
  if i respond seriously are you going to whoosh me ? 
  have not seen good will hunting yet . 
  it 's on my list . 
  not sure about batman v superman , it 's further down the list . 
  wait , are you judging him by one commercial ? 
  because there is a lot of movies to choose from to see you know ... real acting . 
  sure he has done a lot of bad ones - troy comes to mind or mr. and ms. smith . 
  but he has a few roles he pulled off very well . 
  i do n't know , whenever i watch the mask or life less ordinary , i can see why her appearance would matter . 
  thank you , have you seen it ? 
  is the rest of the movie just as funny or is it just this scene ? 
  i will watch the movie and see . 
  i mean there is good overacting - jim carrey in liar liar or kick-ass 2 and there is bad overacting - nicholas cage in vampire 's kiss . 
  looking at the bigger picture , i think it was really good . 
  it ended badly , but i sure did realize a lot about myself . 
  the mosquito that flies around my ears at night . 
  well not only that . 
  sometimes it 's our own fault that we fall . 
  you go into a relationship and then realize that this is n't what you wanted or make a dumb mistake , i 've made a lot . 
  so you figure out to avoid that in the future . 
  sure it 's hard when it ends , but at least it existed . 
  there is no good without the bad and vice versa . 
  as long as you learn from your mistakes so you are not doomed to repeat them . 
  i did not notice that , but then again i was n't paying too much attention to the third movie . 
  i just never got into it as much as i did the first two . 
  well she is n't completely shit . 
  but definitely not one of the best if you only look at acting skills . 
  thanks , but i do n't understand how does it suit me ? 
  what bothered you about the town ? 
  then pick another cage movie , he ranges from good to bad . 
  to each their own . 
  but i think he made a good comeback with the town . 
  do n't know , i really liked it . 
  ok , i will check it out . 
  agreed , especially since the original is brilliant . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  he is , but he also takes roles , that are not that well written - achilles in troy for example . 
  fair enough . 
  i understand that . 
  but troy is a bad example . 
  that character was n't well written , same in ocean 's 11 . 
  i mean he was already successful and he did n't have to act that much any more . 
  he could take roles for the money , to make a better project later . 
  did something happen to you/your family too ? 
  do n't be sad for me . 
  death is a part of life . 
  ho ho ho , garbage day ? 
  will you eat the corpses too ? 
  i want my father you son of a bitch !, 
  i prefer caravans . 
  i see you like some black with your death metal , i would suggest to you decapitated , anaal nathrakh and if you 're in a bit of an experimental mood - oransi pazuzu . 
  incredible to mosh to as well . 
  not to mention the writing, 
  with a little yellow rubber ducky . 
  it 's got a good point to it though . 
  i loved the music in that one . 
  it 's just so haunting . 
  and the fact that courage and dr. zalost play hangman is just silly . 
  i was more haunted by the whole town ganging up on them pointing their wrinkly fingers with broken nails and saying : `` it 's your fault . '', 
  i found one episode with him very funny . 
  when he 's giving riddles to powerpuff girls : `` or the professor will pay ! '', 
  in the end it turns out that it 's all about him paying for his breakfast . 
  i enjoyed season 6 . 
  all that over the top biblical stuff . 
  it was funny as hell . 
  i can imagine the trailer . 
  * bass drop *, 
  one summer , a stranger came into an unsuspecting town . 
  * bass drop *, 
  no one could escape him . 
  * bass drop *, 
  most people did the smart thing . 
  * bass drop with continuous tense violins *, 
  but one group forgot to thank him . 
  and his name is - joooooohn ceeeeena * doot doot doot doot *, 
   willpower is in ways like a pool which refills over time , in ways like a muscle . 
  makes sense , willpower governs magicka regeneration . 
  i do n't mind poseidon 's kiss when it 's expected . 
  it 's the unexpected shit water that i do n't want up my ass hole . 
  musical piss and shit box ? 
  in soviet russia , ground hits you . 
  depends on the planet . 
  death by uranus sounds funny . 
  morbid angel - abominations of desolation . 
  ne obliviscaris - portal of i, 
  opeth - still life, 
  porcupine tree - fear of a blank planet, 
  decapitated - winds of creation,
