  rehashed prog rock of the 60 's / 70 's that has already been done ? 
  i mean do n't get me wrong , there is definitely a lot of great songs on heritage and pale communion . 
  and maybe sorceress will fit in well on the album . 
  but as a single , it just does n't hold up for me . 
  it 's not that the metal is gone , but calling yourself progressive rock , when all you do is rehash what has been done ... that is n't progressive . 
  it 's becoming popular and that 's a good thing , but having the label progressive on it is a bad thing . 
  it 's not really progressing , it 's stagnation . 
  i will give the whole album a listen and i 'm sure they will make some great songs . 
  but this one . . not so much . 
  the beginning has been done by opeth before , the ending has been done on pale communion . 
  the low tuning is new , i 'll give them that . 
   if you only like one or the other then you 're not going to like that section of opeth . 
  and that 's completely valid . 
  even if you like both , you may not like it . 
  at least regarding this song . 
  we 'll see about the whole album soon enough and it just might fit in there . 
  but that 's just what it is . 
  bad prog . 
  because good prog means - something new . 
  this is n't . 
  it 's not a blatant rip off . 
  it 's a revival of a genre that has been done to death . 
  yeah people do take something that exists and improve on it , but not opeth regarding prog . 
  because the genre is n't progressing . 
  it 's not a rip off or plagiarism . 
  but it 's not a new concept either . 
  maybe a revival would be a better expression . 
  but not done better than it was . 
  it 's not bad , but it has been done better . 
  the outro is also completely the same than it was on eternal rains will come . 
  and again , they are n't a bad band . 
  just not something i would call progressive . 
  enough to make it real for him and that 's what matters . 
  it 's enough if the woman drinks some coffee soon after sex . 
  this wakes up the egg and sperm and speeds up the whole process . 
  the inconsistencies with which a version of god was presented to me . 
  my mom often used arguments that would suit her agenda - even regarding religion . 
  i then chose to investigate and ultimately decided to make my own mind about what i believe in and what i do n't . 
  or maybe the idea of unconditional love is different in my head than my mom presented it . 
  add voice of treason too . 
  that would be awesome . 
  and to be fair by the pain i see in others would be about 8 minutes long live , since a lot of it is the backwards singing thing . 
  watershed . 
  but started with ghost reveries . 
  then moved on to watershed . 
  then blackwater park . 
  then my gf bought me orchid so i went for older opeth . 
  go someplace where i could n't be heard and just enjoy the solitude . 
  maybe read a book or play my guitar all day . 
  enough free time for me to do what i want , not what i must . 
  people do n't notice me anyway , if i completely disappear from most of their lives , they wo n't give a shit . 
  and those that do notice me , will be happy that i can do what i want . 
  i would like to add one more . 
  if they seem like trying to get things in order , like debts , giving away their stuff , a good chance is that they are preparing to kill themselves . 
  but that only goes for people that have the five symptoms written in the post above . 
  it may sometimes mean a fresh start , but by my experience it can also mean that they are preparing to kill themselves . 
  getting no tips does n't make you look bad , since it 's not a custom . 
  then again you may leave a tip , but if it 's too high , people might give you weird looks . 
  it 's not offensive , just not a custom here . 
  50 stringed guitar , the lowest one being the brown note and the highest one barely audible . 
  not as such , since people would go looking for me . 
  at least if i were invisible they would n't find me . 
  the problem is also with other people pressuring you to have kids and get married and all that . 
  i mean , i 'm one of these broken adults and people know that , but still they always go round asking when my gf and i will get married and have kids . 
  or they just say that now it 's our turn to have them . 
  then you have a broken parent that breaks his child and so on and so on . 
  well there is no real world it 's all interpreted by each individual 's sensors and concepts . 
  football may seem real to you , but to me it 's just a bunch of ( adult ) kids running after a ball and trying to put it in a big rectangular object . 
  about the sense of accomplishment : well if you say you scored a goal people will cheer . 
  but if you go from a derogatory view point as most people do when referring to video games , you could say . . wow you put the round thingy into the big rectangular thingy , that really helps in the real world . 
  since this is a latin phrase thread i just have to ask is this one grammatically correct : bellum omnium contra omnes . 
  it 's the title track of anaal nathrakh 's third album eschaton and it 's fucking kick ass . 
  probably came from somewhere else , they reference books , series and other works of art very often . 
  where the fuck do you live ? 
  i have yet to meet one girl that likes it . 
  and i do like it a lot . 
  but i 'm not doing it without consent . 
  which instrument do you play ? 
  i completely agree . 
  some evenings i just play to songs and try to sing along - just to vent . 
  but other evenings it 's also fun to just learn something new , even though it 's more work than just playing . 
  but sadly perceived as such , way too often . 
  that 's because female masturbation is still a taboo . 
  why ? 
  i have no idea , it 's wonderful . 
  anything bought just to show off how better off they are than everyone else . 
  if you need to spend money to feel good about yourself , then you 're doing it wrong . 
  unless it 's for stuff you need to participate in a hobby , but that 's not what i meant here . 
  i think it 's creepy if anyone says that . 
  but there is a double standard regarding masturbation , which might be what this song is trying to show . 
  but then again , i do n't even know the song . 
  i found keira even better . 
  creepier ? 
  the oldest two of course . 
  how did you go from jeff goldblum to hayden christensen ? 
  elephant 's head , an ant 's body and the legs of a giraffe . 
  just try walking like that . 
  well hey i 'm not judging . 
  i was just wondering . 
  if i were gay and someone said to choose between them , i 'd choose jeff in a heartbeat .
