  i was trying to save someone - firstly a child , secondly a girl , thirdly myself . 
  it was like - anything i did , did n't work . 
  i always lost in the end and it always ended with a gruesome death . 
  i remember the last one , where we were hiding but the `` bad guys '' had to look just there and of course kill us . 
  spaz from jazz jack rabbit . 
  i 'm working in it and as a hobby , play music . 
  i still like to read a lot and get lost in my own world . 
  i have no intention of leveling out and living a normal life . 
  was 17 . 
  i used to love to ride my bicycle . 
  at one particular time i went up a huge hill that had a lot of curves as roads up hill usually do . 
  went up - no problem . 
  the problem was going down . 
  a car was going up and the moments before we crashed i was thinking . . well this is it . 
  got away with a few scratches . 
  rode home and did n't tell anyone about it . 
  i was really , really lucky that day . 
  that 's going to be a sturdy built monument . 
  do n't worry , i have a quad-core with hyper-threading . 
  jimmy , how are you ? 
  how close i was to ending my life that one time . 
  no one will ever know . 
  yeah but i still was the weird kid in school . 
  i did n't say i am weird , but i was deemed weird by my schoolmates . 
  i was being sarcastic with that . 
  but i was percieved as weird in school . 
  it is not , but if it 's a reference , i do n't get it , please explain . 
  against . 
  i was going down hill , the car was going up . 
  the road was n't really made for two cars to meet , but a car and a bicycle could . . but in this case we crashed . 
  yeah , whenever you do n't get hit by a car it 's excellent . 
  you are freaking out ... man . 
  morbid angel - chapel of ghouls, 
  a lot of laughs . 
  * lose . 
  also bury deep enough so that no other wild animal can bury the carcass out of the ground . 
  or put a rock on it or something . 
  that 's what i did with my pet rat that died six months ago due to a sickness that made his lungs stop working . 
  so if there is a disease present , it does n't get carried around . 
  if it would help in any way i would donate organs . 
  the rest for science . 
  i do n't care if you put the stuff that is n't useful in the trash . 
  i 'll be dead any way , so i do n't care what happens to my body . 
  my family would care though . 
  a bit too much in my opinion . 
  well mine understand the organ donation thing . 
  but not for science . 
  i can understand that given that they are very religious , but i just do n't agree with them . 
  it 's a good thing i can write this in my will and i think it has to be respected . 
  if they really need a grave , they can cremate the useless pieces and bury those , no one will know it will be ash anyway . 
  do you work in it ? 
  i play the rock . 
  oh i thought it was a metaphor . 
  because i thought if no one notices you when everything is all right , that 's one of the jobs where that happens . 
  then again so does literally playing in orchestra pits . 
  what instrument do you play ? 
  there are none and that 's the beauty of it . 
  sure society has tried to define some . 
  but in the end it 's up to the individual to accept or reject them . 
  yeah , pretty much the same for me too . 
  once i realized that my confidence is so low , that i ca n't even function any more , came the time when i had to change myself . 
  of course it did n't happen over night and i still find myself going back to that behaviour , i managed to lessen it at least , for now . 
  i 'm out of the loop on this one . 
  i got driven so far , that i figured out that this is not the way to live on . 
  either change or end it . 
  funnily enough i tried the second option first . 
  but in the middle of it , i changed my mind . 
  i 'm not proud of what i did and i vowed to never let myself go that far again . 
  i was a very stupid teenager . 
  i mean looking back at what i was like , i feel stupid , i 'm not saying that everyone who feels like that is stupid . 
  got a creative outlet for my feelings and started self reflection . 
  creative outlet gets rid of most irrational ideas , self reflection should be objective - give yourself credit if you did good and asses what you did wrong - to fix it . 
  this has worked for now . 
  you have to detect the irrational thoughts you have about yourself regarding confidence , be it too much or too little of it . 
  because the brain will work on fears and i started facing mine . 
  it 's hard with every new fear - but once you face it , it 's very rewarding . 
  given that , i still take the easy road too often . 
  but i am working on it . 
  never had any counselling , but it 's not off the table if i get in another situation like it was before . 
  you can do it . 
  you got better , surely you can improve even more . 
  just be persistent , do n't give up on yourself . 
  cannibal corpse - fucked with a knife ( or is this more of a wedding night song ? ), 
  you mean nine inch nails - closer ? 
  i know that feeling . 
  but the reason i asked was because limp bizkit also used that same line in one of his songs , so i was n't sure which one you meant . 
  but it was taken from closer . 
  to be honest i have no idea . 
  i always thought it could contain instructions like these and just the parts that can be done after the funeral are read after the funeral . 
  well the problem is , that my kin would ignore that . 
  i 'm sure of it . 
  it happened to a friend who died this year . 
  she wanted to have a certain type of a funeral ( she had cancer so that 's why she had thought of this ) , but her parents ignored all that and gave her a `` regular '' funeral according to their religion . 
  maybe a will would make it a bit more binding as i am under the impression that it 's a legal binding document . 
  but as i said , i do n't know that much about it either . 
  quo vadis - some good canadian melodic/technical death metal . 
  yeah but any school of thought will make you insane if you go to extremes . 
  it 's one thing to conform to calling a chair , a chair . 
  i conform to those norms for convenience . 
  but once you go to such abstract matters as life , love , happiness and similar - your own ideas count .
