  fair enough . 
  independence . 
  if you ca n't be on your own , you ca n't truly love another . 
  no , everyone knows what he/she is doing . 
  we all know the potential danger of what we do and if you engage in an activity that invovles great danger to yourself voluntarily it 's your problem . 
  it was also not meant as a completely serious response . 
  start masturbating . 
  what can i say , then you made a true friend . 
  edit : a masturbuddy . 
  and you have a lot to learn , so you do n't get bored . 
  fringe for me . . 
  i would love to learn from a few of the most intelligent minds in the universe . 
  also see everything i can take without stealing and the strength and persistence of law enforcement . 
  for example : in oblivion the first thing i did was steal a horse and a guard followed me through a few cities i could n't really fight him , so i just kept running away . 
  current 93 - judas as black moth, 
  what kind of music do you listen to ? 
  book : edgar allan poe 's complete works - poetry and stories, 
  movie : the matrix trilogy, 
  album : opeth - ghost reveries, 
  nice , i 'm not much of a pop or indie rock fan , but i like post-rock , blues and soul . 
  i also like a lot of metal - that is a place where most people play and write their own things , i found . 
  i like the way that post-rock is incorporated into metal if you are interested give agallcoh and alcest a listen . 
  yes i do , lately mostly opeth and porcupine tree , some gojira from time to time . 
  i play guitar and am learning piano ( do n't play songs on piano yet ) . 
  i do n't know the bled , but i do agree about russian circles and godspeed you !, 
  black emperor , this will destroy you are unknown to me , but i will check them out . 
  do you play anything as well ? 
  do n't you want a litre-o-farva ? 
  god is an astronaut - suicide by star, 
  obscura - ocean gateways, 
  chicken fucker !, 
  * makes chicken noise *, 
  i liked him in scary movie 3 and 4 with anthony anderson . 
  he has a few good jokes in stand up but generally yeah , not someone you would watch twice . 
  try to figure out where to put my hands . 
  coincidently i always figure it out right when they are done . 
  yes to a certain extent . 
  you can pick up what interests a person if you notice a pattern in their viewing habits . 
  ca n't really know a person , but you can find out a bit about them - same with books , music and video games . 
  she 's more public than private . 
  talk to me for a long time , actually listen and it does n't hurt to have a sense of humour . 
  do n't be afraid of me asking personal questions , i also answer personal questions without problem and do n't be too forward with the seducing . 
  slow and easy does it . 
  maybe slowly introduce some physical contact , nothing too extreme a touch on the shoulder or something like that . 
  oh and be obvious that you are interested , i do not get hints - you may think you are obvious , but i 'm oblivious . 
  mikael akerfeldt - how he manages to sing and play at the same time is beyond me . 
  i will fucking kill you . 
  play guitar , read a book , go outside . 
  lives taked, 
  lives staked, 
  edit : vlad the impaler makes more sense, 
  does n't that happen right after dartheldore yells : `` jaffa kree '' and legolas gets all batshit insane and tauriel saves liu kang 's ass ? 
  it was eliminated , were you not paying attention ? 
  record creepy voices on a tape , go into the woods and press play . 
  of course hide the stereo well . 
  would do so every full moon at midnight . 
  and every friday at three in the afternoon . 
  go on banging whomever i was on/in at the time . 
  true , but hearing and not seeing is scarier . 
  and there is always one smart guy , that know how to press a button . 
  yesterday , ca n't really sing metal songs without screaming/growling . 
  oh right and then batman picks up legolas mid-air and we learn that liu kang is actually viserion and the quest for more money continues . 
  life and death . 
  about how you ca n't stop someone from dying and the guilt can destroy you . 
  but only when you destroy yourself i.e. 
  your own fear of your loved one 's death , can you truly help them live the rest of their life to the fullest . 
  because in the end hugh jackman could n't cure his wife , but he was also neglecting her , trying to save her , where all she wanted was to be with him as long as she could . 
  in the end he had to let go . 
  that 's just my interpretation - i have probably missed a lot of subtle things , since i watched it only once . 
  leave your stupid comments in your pocket !, 
  but sean bean also reads yeats right before he dies , that 's something . 
  i do n't get that , why would someone not want to watch a movie , just because he/she would have to read subtitles ? 
  i mean the movie has a lot to offer , from directing to excellent pacing , visuals , it is as cruel as it is beautiful and that 's what makes it real in my opinion , given the setting it was in and the people involved in the story . 
  but to miss all that , because i had to read subtitles ? 
  i 'd learn spanish/portuguese ( not sure which language it was ) for a movie like that . 
  the only problem i see here is the amount of food and gas the kids have money for . 
  i mean we never see them get paid by anyone . 
  edit : damn , the scooby doo fan base is huge apparently :d, 
  that is my top comment . 
  how to incorporate it into the funeral service is beyond me . 
  i never liked watching scooby doo that much , i liked it when his brother ( i think ) was in the show and they would goof off . 
  but that 's all . 
  yes , they accumulate so fast . 
  i have a bit of a doom marathon lately , three days in and i 'm at the middle of the second one ... and all three are just one game ( collection ) on steam !, 
  not to mention civilization or total war series games , those take forever . 
  well , my own mortality actually sets me free . 
  i do n't need to be remembered or leave a legacy/my genes behind , it 's not my thing . 
  so i enjoy life and i do n't care if people know me or not . 
  all i need are some close friends , money and time for my hobbies . 
  anything beyond that is just a bonus i.e. 
  good job , recognition , love etc. 
  i mainly live life for myself and those i love . 
  that 's all that matters , i 'll die anyway , why bother myself with something i ca n't prevent ? 
  life in general goes on , even though my life will end . 
  even though i fear the path leading to death , i do n't mind being mortal . 
  now other people 's mortality terrifies me . 
  morana - too bad for heavens, 
  just bought it from the band on friday and had to listen to it immediately . 
  i feel like at least ned and robb were pretty obvious . 
  cersei saying that in game of thrones you either win or die and ned knowing the truth about the kids and telling her that . . how could they have let him live ?
