  i find the fact that not existing means you perceive nothing quite satisfying . 
  sure it 's great to be alive and i would n't want to die on people that depend on me - like if i ever have children . 
  that would scare me more than the thought of not existing . 
  i like to be as comfortable as possible while watching movies , so i put my ass on the whole seat every time . 
  same with dishes then . 
  make someone laugh to death or for an eternity , whichever comes first . 
  well if you are in a hurry , you could use a dryer . 
  pooping , peeing , eating and breathing also belong here then . 
  and cleaning up the house - probably the most annoying of all . 
  it 's your fault , your fault , your fault , your fault , your fault , your fault . 
  i just stood there waving goodbye . 
  the tower of dr. zalost . 
  always liked to watch courage the cowardly dog . 
  but that was n't creepy , just so dark . 
  the guy wanted love but was kind of forceful and no one liked him . 
  if you take the symbols of the story into real life , it 's actually a person , that is in a vicious cycle of wanting to be loved , but forcing it as he knows no other way . 
  and not everyone finds those happy plums that muriel made in the cartoon . 
  also the music was haunting . 
  second place goes to perfect , right up until the end it was the hardest episode to watch . 
  i was n't scared , just so angry at the teacher . 
  maybe i projected a bit as i felt that the teacher was the society i live in and i was courage . 
  i would never fit in anywhere , still do n't but it does n't bother me any more . 
  did n't really watch these as a little kid but at the end of elementary/starting high school . 
  edit : and still do watch them every now and again . 
  i do n't really feel awkward about sex , so it 's not really a problem . 
  my mom never made a big deal about watching movies with sex scenes , when we were all old enough , so i never got the awkward feeling about it , that was probably the biggest influence to my way of thinking . 
  mainly rock and metal . 
  i do n't like genres that focus too much on just the voice - like rap and a lot of pop ( florence and the machine come to mind ) . 
  then a lot of movie music , which is all from techno to metal and classical music . 
  i do not want to limit myself too much , so i try to keep up with most music that comes out . 
  well my rats are too young and lively at this point to just curl up on my lap , they just want to run around . 
  they do voluntarily go into my sleeve though , so maybe that counts ? 
  oh and letting them go would most likely kill them . 
  both extremes . 
  i would like to add crying while listening to music , if the music is good enough of course . 
  edit : thanks for all the recommendations , i am checking these songs out today after work . 
  i cry when listening to this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmfuew4gili, 
  any specific songs or just something you make up ? 
  yep pretty much this . 
  nothing else i have done has been a worse offence . 
  i do n't know those songs , will listen to them when i come home . 
  yes pink floyd definitely have a few songs like that . 
  too bad he/she deleted his/her profile and comments - what i was going to say was that i used to be in the religious extreme and had a lot of fear and guilt built up in me . 
  now i take religion as a philosophy and stop when it comes to things that are to be believed in . 
  i still think one can learn a lot of good from religion , especially from a bit of a distance . 
  i do n't mind religious or atheistic people , as long as they do n't force their way of life unto me . 
  it is not because i lack a father figure , but it might have helped a bit , as i had to fend for myself at a bit of a younger age , because my mom was at work a lot , seeing as she had to support three kids . 
  what about them do you find so scary ? 
  yeah that 's what i meant by she associated nirvana with that happening . 
  such a strong thing happened that she associated this with them as you did with korn . 
  it stays in your memory and you ca n't help it . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  yes i have heard hospice and when i listen to it , i try to listen to the whole album but i do that rarely as it destroys me too . 
  if i would choose katatonia - the act of darkening or dissolving bonds would be my choice . 
  or perhaps i can play league of legends for a really long time . 
  i would buy that book . 
  thanks , i will check it out . 
  that depends on my mood aside from the lonely feeling . 
  if i am happy but lonely , i will most likely do something . 
  play guitar , video games , watch a movie , read a book etc. 
  if i am sad besides lonely , listening to music and `` singing '' along helps . 
  crying does the trick too . 
  no story , just laughter . 
  yet still everyone did her . 
  i am the black sheep . 
  i do n't like sports , religion , the military and i do like weird music and strange films - that is literally how i was described once , minus the military part . 
  oh and i am not sure if i ever want to have a kid or get married , that pretty much does n't suit well with anyone . 
  i do n't like alcohol but i do like to smoke every now and again . 
  i have three little rats as pets and i am not on any diet , because i ca n't gain a pound anyway ( maybe if i worked out a bit more - i do a little but to gain weight i would have to do more ) . 
  update alllivingbeingstable set intelligence = max , set ignorance = min, 
  and wave your hands around in the opposite direction you are running i.e. 
  if you run zig , wave zag and vice versa . 
  i 'm a big fan of aronofsky for example . 
  and i also like psychological thrillers/horror movies . 
  nothing too weird , but tell that to my family . 
  well my sister understands me in this area , she is very open regarding cinema . 
  others . . not so much . 
  i do n't really like lotr , the hobbit all these superhero movies that are being made lately . 
  never liked fast and furious , although the cars are nice but that 's all . 
  so they say i have a weird taste in movies . 
  or just ignored would be enough probably . 
  i would be on a project , where every time i would complete a task , the specifications would change , so i would have to start over again . 
  if long enough probably anything would do . 
  what crime do you think is moral and why ? 
  not judging , just curious . 
  best : companionship and if done right a very intimate connection , someone who loves you despite your mistakes and vice versa . 
  worst : if one of you gets bored of it and the other does n't . 
  oh sorry , so your hands should beep , when your legs boop and the other way around . 
  so , where do you see yourself in 5 years ? 
  ok , the second one i can imagine , but what does a law that governs how you treat yourself entail in your opinion ? 
  add to this porcupine tree/steven wilson 's various projects . 
  and since you mentioned devin - strapping young lad . 
  fall to the floor and cry like a little bitch . 
  also in regards to op 's username : chicken ? 
  i 've been recommended dune on reddit a few weeks ago and i ca n't say that i regret started reading it . 
  edgar allen poe 's stories are interesting if you like horror . 
  falls down and cries like a little bitch . 
  thank you for explaining . 
  why the opposite of zig . 
  i 'm sure following the damn trains is a lucrative business .
