  it was different and very creative . 
  do you want a masturbate thread ? 
  cause that 's how you get a masturbate thread . 
  harry potter and the last of the mohicans . 
  a short book , given that harry is from england . 
  pranks in the bedroom . 
  episode 1 : the original series ? 
  but is it the secret ? 
  tl ; dr : has your little boy been run over by a vehicle ? 
  we have a solution for you , doctors hate us , everyone hates us !, 
  bring your loved ones to our sacred ground and watch them murder your family , perhaps even you !, 
  come to us within 30 minutes and you get a free ramones cd . 
  only 3.50 $ !, 
  opeth - ghost reveries, 
  opeth - blackwater park, 
  porcupine tree - deadwing, 
  meshuggah - destroy erase improve, 
  which album/song in particular ? 
  firstly therion - my first concert and one of the first bands i heard mixing opera and metal . 
  no i did not listen to nightwish at that time . 
  progressive music in general like opeth , porcupine tree , cynic , devin townsend , tool , meshuggah , ne obliviscaris etc. 
  mostly playing with rythms and creating an interesting atmosphere out of what some might perceive to be chaos , it 's actually very well organized . 
  dsbm , post rock , shoegaze in general - also creating an interesting atmosphere but in a simpler manner than progressive music does . 
  simpler to play technically i mean , one still needs a lot of feeling for their instrument and music in general in order to write a good song . 
  examples would be : alcest , god is an astronaut , shroud of distress , the canyon observer etc. 
  that 's them tax dollars at work all right . 
  also happy cake day . 
  do n't worry that 's just god 's wrath . 
  well we have been killing them on sight , of course people would vanish . . 
  probably over night too . 
  the whole world goes to sleep and everyone awakens in a cocoon the next day - job done . 
  an axe . 
  most people wo n't ever run out of that one . 
  haha , splash damage . 
  i imagine little numbers of damage floating up from my ass while i shit . 
  and boys just want to be serious all the time apparently . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think that for accidental killings you get charged for spiderslaughter and not murder . 
  so basically a game of everyone drowns . 
  oh i 'm sorry you missed the 30 minutes window , no cd for you . 
  yes , you guessed correctly . 
  and maintain a body temperature of around 37 degrees celsius . 
  but he/she has cake . 
  before you collect anything , otherwise you have already triggered the enemies and have to fight immediately . 
  so true . . in skyrim i have to , literally have to grab every potion . 
  i think : '' oh this might help me in a tough spot . '', 
  so far i have more than half of my carry weight in potions and my carry weight is around 390 . 
  now in doom it was a bit different . 
  i was saving the big guns for the big boss fights . 
  ended up beating almost the whole game with the shotgun and machine gun . 
  while carrying around full ammo for plasma , rocket launcher and chaingun . 
  even used the chainsaw for a while , but that was more for fun than to conserve ammo . 
  movie :d, 
  so they went from the general who became a slave , a slave who became a gladiator , a gladiator who defied the emperor , to badass demigod who defends christians out of some bizarre reason and becomes a modern day general forever - like a back to roots kind of thing , just without the roots . 
  i 'm very happy that there were no sequels right now . 
  ok , my version of fallout skills :, 
  strength 3/9 : not really physically strong . 
  not the weakest person i know , but that does n't say much . 
  perception : 6/9 : i do have sensitive senses most of the time , but sometimes i just ca n't see something obviously in front of me . 
  endurance : 8/9 : i can endure quite a lot - running , jumping whatever you want , especially if the situation demands it . 
  if not , then i 'm kind of lazy . 
  charisma : 5/9 : i can express myself very well in written form , but talking . . 
  sometimes i can be very articulate , while sometimes i talk in gibberish , mainly because my mind tends to get away from me . 
  intelligence : 6/9 : i would say that i am slightly above average , but not one of the top minds . 
  agility : 5/9 : about average flexibility . 
  luck : 7/9 : it has happened to me quite a few times that i was at the right place at the right time ( job , school etc. ) . 
  i never won anything and regarding a few circumstances in life i have been pretty much down on my luck , but in general i feel more lucky than unlucky , things could have been a lot worse . 
  stimulant = coffee ? 
  lol , disjointed much ? 
  i do n't really rub my genitalia , it 's more of a yanking motion . 
  eating ( cooked/baked ) dead flesh sounds a bit better . 
  scrambled baby birds ? 
  you mean scrambled hen menstruation ? 
  two things :, 
  when two schoolmates died , that were three years older , i was moping around all day and my mom said to me : `` the world does n't stop moving because people die '' or something to that affect . 
  i did n't say anything . 
  i can understand that she said that because she has experienced death too and had to go on , but it was hurtful as i have to process something like that and that does n't happen in a day . 
  the second was , when we were arguing about religion . 
  i said i do n't believe in christianity and then she asked me what i want to be in my life and i said that i want to be a person who is kind to others and helps them in need and make money to survive , you know to live a normal life . 
  and then she said that i ca n't wish for that without being religious . 
  it was like she said that i ca n't be a good person , since i claim not to be religious . 
  and i do n't mind religion , if it helps you - go for it , just do n't force it on me . 
  rush, 
  porcupine tree, 
  unexpect, 
  damien rice, 
  decapitated, 
  devin townsend in general, 
  tool, 
  death, 
  rammstein . 
  what kind ? 
  i like your identity . 
  new age as in the devin townsend project stuff ? 
  what about deconstruction ? 
  i had the most disturbing dream last night . 
  in the morning i just felt sick and completely down . 
  and his kids arguing in german in that chopper . 
  well basically it was the same general situation but three different versions of it :, 
  first : i remember watching this character - a confident , capable physically ( like fit and acrobatic ) and mentally ( knows a lot , sensitive , talkative ) man going out with some company and there was this very beautiful girl he wanted to charm . 
  so he noticed some very beautiful flowers that were growing on the side of a tree very high .
