  or maybe it was just my machine that liked it better . 
  i mean not that 8 was crashing all the time , but i saw 8.1 as an improvement . 
  yeah that 's pretty much true . 
  i feel that it 's also sometimes a cause of arguments in couples . 
  i mean it 's a similar situation . 
  a completely practical case would be when my gf is complaining about something and i try to advise her on a solution , while all she wants is for me to say : `` yeah that is bad/annoying ... etc. '' . 
  she has the solution , but she wants someone to just listen or maybe agree/confirm what she feels . 
  my brain however jumps into help mode , since i love her and that 's my natural instinct . 
  it can be very annoying until you get used to that . 
  i still make that mistake sometimes . 
  if you 're into reading , i would suggest heart of darkness . 
  spec ops : the line was made in the sense of the book . 
  not the story , but the contemplation of morality and all that jazz . 
  have n't played the second one yet . 
  mass effect 3 , right up until those last 10 minutes . 
  well it 's also derived from heart of darkness . 
  but why not both ? 
  i can see myself doing this . 
  luckily i do n't have a ceiling fan . 
  not sure how i would get used to it . 
  how bad did you injure yourself ? 
  you 've got it all wrong . 
  2 broke girls refers to the main actresses 's boobs . 
  they constantly try to break out of her bra and usually at least partially make it . 
  the rest is just background noise . 
  well yeah it 's all very hard . 
  even spec ops : the line got harder and harder to play because of all the shit happening . 
  it 's meant to be like that . 
  but maybe the game was easier to play than the book , since playing is interactive . 
  i did n't watch the series long enough to see the blonde . 
  skipped intro too , so i have no idea . 
  but yeah as frustrating as it is for me , i still have to learn to give her what she wants as she does the same for me . 
  sometimes you just have to vent , even though you know what to do . 
  tablets are not only for children . 
  they are very good if you want to be mobile . 
  and the metro interface was very customizable . 
  but to each their own i guess . 
  interesting . 
  can i play it as standalone or are there prequels ? 
  while i agree with you - even though that one-trick is very hard to do for anyone , it does fit their music very well . 
  but why do his beliefs bother you ? 
  he can have his drums arranged in any way he wants . 
  there are a lot of bands that have little rituals before they start or after they stop playing . 
  some are for show , others are just something they do , i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  now for one of the best drummers of all time ... 
  i do n't know enough about drummers to contribute . 
  i just like the way he does it . 
  who would you say would qualify as being the best modern drummers ? 
  definitely , i find tool lacking in the solo department . 
  while that 's ok for them , i go to meshuggah when i want polyrhythmic music with solos . 
  if you like opeth , i would recommend ne obliviscaris . 
  oh that 's what you mean , i misunderstood . 
  but that does n't affect my perception of their music , i mean entertainment in general must be taken with a grain of salt . 
  once you take it too seriously ... well that 's never a good thing . 
  ok , i am familiar of gene hoglan and kj sawka . 
  but i meant modern as post 2000 . 
  for example i really like martin axenrot , sean reinert and gavin harrison . 
  but there are so many different styles and so many techniques , it 's hard to make a list of best of after the explosion of the music scene you mentioned . 
  it 's a bit more than that , even though it 's a bit awkward at times . 
  but i liked it too . 
  something in the style of focus . 
  nothing special , but good to watch once for entertainment . 
  i liked the battles and the music along them . 
  the style of the visuals was very well done too , transitioning from one environment to another . 
  i really do n't get why people dislike the sequels so much . 
  i mean yeah of course they are n't better than the first one , but they are n't that worse either . 
  well terminator : salvation 's problem was that the trailer gave away the whole plot . 
  it would be a better movie , if we realised the twist while watching the movie , but we instead had all the story given to us and while the visuals and action were very well done , we all knew what was going to happen and the scenes became predictable . 
  the `` new '' sepultura . 
  and i know that they do sell a lot of albums and still have a fan base . 
  but a lot of people are so butthurt due to the cavalera brothers leaving the line up . 
  i mean the way sepultura was going with roots ... 
  i would n't like their next release probably . 
  i do admit that the `` new '' sepultura had about 2 albums that were really bad once they changed their line up . 
  but they improved and seeing them live last year was awesome . 
  john wick in the club . 
  i mean the contrast of what he is doing vs. the music in itself is astounding . 
  add to that more realism that we are used to . 
  the high point for me is when he just stares into a guy 's eyes as he is killing him . 
  just a badass scene all together . 
  decapitated . 
  their singer even came to mosh with us at the end of spheres of madness , which was the last song . 
  what is this from ? 
  i might have seen it , but i forget . 
  the general apathy of saying : `` it will get better '' . 
  right , it will get better on it 's own as everything does . 
  quel ` thalas , before it got owned by the undead . 
  you know the rules , and ^ ( so ) do ^ ( i ) . 
  at one point , they did . 
  or doom . 
  what bothers you about revolutions ? 
  it seemed a logical conclusion to me , given all the symbolism in the movie . 
  i do n't know daft punk beyond their movie/album . 
  i really enjoy that one . 
  but that was what first came to mind, 
  agreed . 
  but will people in the future say : `` but that was in the 21st century ? '', 
  i 'm just trying to point out that , stuff like this happens everytime two countries of different religions clash . 
  because the government and law is tied together with religion . 
  well with the rules of it .
