  his whole speech loses meaning . 
  as neo has figured in reloaded - the problem is choice . 
  it always is . 
  a man chooses , a slave obeys . 
  and even though smith was free to do what he wanted it was empty indulgence , hedonism , like a child on his own after living in a strict household he went crazy . 
  that 's not what true freedom is for me . 
  so funny . 
  same point but expressed on two completely different ways . 
  makes all the difference between a good line and some angsty teenage crap . 
  if i 'm not mistaken it 's taken from baudelaire 's works . 
  gim me the bat ^ ^ ^ ^ gim me ^ the ^ bat, 
  if you want a picture of the future , imagine a boot stamping on a human face ... forever . 
  also a nice intro to anaal nathrakh 's song titled do not speak . 
  i think he started off as an anti-hero and slowly went towards villain . 
  well yes , it 's all about balance in matrix . 
  even the oracle says so . 
  the architect tries to balance out an equation , but he can not see past that . 
  same as smith can not see past himself , while neo can . 
  the movies are full of juxtaposing characters . 
  the ones i mentioned before also morpheus and lock from niobe 's point of view . 
  i may have watched all three too many times . 
  i like the og and nevermore 's cover . 
  well i would n't say that i do n't care if i die , but i know that at some point i will have to do it . 
  i will fight for my life as much as i can . 
  i do n't fear death , but i do n't want to die either . 
  at least not if i can help it . 
  but yeah losing someone close is way worse for me . 
  but that part is so hilarious . 
  cartman just laughs like a moron through half of it . 
  the ring ( us version ) . 
  my gf said she was very scared and tried to cuddle with me , but i was sleeping . 
  i think she will never forget that . 
  edit : oh and also most earthquakes that happen here . 
  they are n't big ones , but i never wake up when it happens . 
  they 're ` avin a laugh !, 
  four !, 
  five !, 
  i mean . . fire !, 
  i think i will do that with a song of ice and fire , there is still plenty of time before the new book comes out . . right ? 
  why do you dislike jd so much ? 
  i mean sure he is a big man child , but everyone has a part to play in the sitcom and most of them evolve at a certain point , while keeping some things that shows what they used to be . 
  also not having a laugh track is brilliant . 
  i like it how they use music to go from one scene to the other . 
  and there is some great music in that show . 
  david mitchell 's rants are something i watch every now and then on youtube . 
  when he starts with that tone of voice that you recognize is the start of a rant ... 
  i just ca n't help but laugh . 
   just not having a laugh track is n't a high bar . 
  why not ? 
  it 's breaking conventions . 
  also adding in the good music , it 's a perfect combination . 
  well to be fair , which sitcom has a person that can be objectively called good ? 
  then give me an example of the best so i know how you judge this . 
  because most comedy shows have bad people and very little character development . 
  not the bottom of the barrel , the best ones too . 
  you say it 's obvious to not have laugh track and that it 's been bad since forever , yet how many show do that ? 
  really ... how many comedy shows do not have the laughter thing ? 
  until the documentary style of comedy came along , most of the shows had that . 
  i think scrubs still holds up , has good and bad episodes , like any show and also the ninth season sucks . 
  fml , i do n't even have a womb or a bear . 
  i did n't say you did , but you reminded me of a great episode and so made my day a bit better . 
  i was laughing for 20 minutes . 
  i think both tricks are fucked up . 
  do n't forget that christian bale 's [ characters are at fault for killing angier 's wife and the wife of one of the brothers hangs herself . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i do n't think that it was angier who has made the bigger sacrifice . 
  i mean look at it from the other perspective . 
  [ christian bale 's characters had to live with - killing angier 's wife , the wife of one of the brothers hung herself - so a happy family life was destroyed by their `` trick '' . 
  not to mention ruining the life of his colleague and the other one genuinely not knowing which knot was tied . 
  if i 'm not mistaken one of them gets the death penalty and is hung ? 
  so that 's kind of fucked up too , watching your twin die for the trick . 
  angier went into his trick knowing he would die , but also knowing another one of him would live , i mean yeah it 's hard pondering all day that you would die in order to complete the trick , but i think it 's easier to balance one life as opposed to two people living the same one . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  of course , i 'm not disputing your claim . 
  that 's why i started with the words i think . 
  but the comment you responded to said it was and i think if someone considers angier 's trick disturbing , then the other one ca n't be perceived as pleasant either , well not without having double standards . 
  well to be fair not every experience should have a social component every time . 
  for example gaming has a big social component with mp , but sp is very interesting too . 
  and sometimes i want to dine alone and have an experience without someone judging me . 
  i guess same goes for sex and masturbation . 
  mostly you want company , but sometimes it 's good to enjoy by yourself . 
  i disagree . 
  i feel worse for the woman who was probably filled with horror , regret and anger all at once . 
  she ran to the neighbor 's house and banged on the door , probably screaming in order to save herself as she was frantically hoping to be saved , but to no avail and the last moments when she saw him coming at her and shooting , must have been horrible and painful . 
  i do n't even want to imagine such a state of mind . 
  lose your dreams and you might lose your mind . 
  ruby tuesday - rolling stones . 
  but i usually listen to melanie safka 's cover of the song . 
  it feels more intimate the way she sings it . 
  most of tolkien . 
  necronomicon - the lovecraft story collection . 
  a scanner darkly . 
  i found it funny . 
  ed and rolf were hilarious . 
  not all episodes were good though . 
  is n't that rapist ? 
  i would definitely laugh if you did that with me . 
  the whole day . 
  the book had me crying . 
  when i was watching the movie , i knew what would happen , so it did n't hit me so hard .
