  yeah , should have written reddit gold do ` h. 
  you fear them or find them disgusting ? 
  animals . 
  imagine an elephant with a mouse 's head . 
  the body would be afraid of the head , but could never get away , since they would be attached . 
  fear them because you find them disgusting or are they disgusting to you because you fear them ? 
  sorry if i ask weird questions , but it 's interesting to me how people perceive different things . 
  mawp mawp mawp mawp . 
  over 4000 upvotes and my first gold . 
  ok , but where does the fear come in ? 
  that explains it . 
  edit : i mean that explains why you deem it a weird phobia . 
  actually you did clear it up . 
  phobias are n't rational . 
  that 's just the way we are . 
  sometimes rational , sometimes completely irrational . 
  pink power ranger . 
  just get it over with , before it 's too late . 
  vandalism if the city is empty . 
  i have trouble finding the barcode on the prostitute . 
  i 'm learning to growl , so sometimes the voices coming out of my room are very weird . 
  if one could see the faces i make , they would think i 'm very angry or a bit crazy . 
  i 've been playing guitar for a while now and have learned a few songs where i can play and sing along . 
  but delving into more extreme genres i would like to add growling to the mix . 
  i really like the sound of it . 
  obscura - anticosmic overload or decapitated - the first damned are a great example of vocals i like . 
  also started playing opeth - most of their discography is like that . 
  well sure snacking puts something in you , beating it gets stuff out . 
  check out these hottest places to camp . 
  would n't touching it be creepier ? 
  are you the fabled king mrgl mrgl ? 
  he seemed like a funny murloc . 
  haha , awesome . 
  how did you pick it then ? 
  my thought process was : think up of a `` cool '' nickname - was taken , think about new one and repeat that about 5 times . 
  then i wrote down random words that popped into my head and put them together . 
  also removed those that did n't make sense to me and that 's how i got my nick . 
  for how long should i not inhale ? 
  please reply quickly . 
  if i threw my dick like darts , i would probably end up fucking the bed , since i mostly miss the board . 
  i got toast but i 'm not a toaster . 
  that was more like napalm . 
  i 'd be one of them wacky races . 
  are you a maid ? 
  and perhaps a bit lusty ? 
  now that 's what i call commander pod racing . 
  so your username could be read as sr\u017ek ? 
  ( is it a play on the word srchek ? ) . 
  or did i just completely miss the point ? 
  one is afraid of me lately . 
  the other is dying , but i 'm taking extra care of him , so he might like me . 
  i would say he likes to cuddle and sleep on me , but he just might be that tired that he falls asleep as long as it 's comfy enough . 
  ghost - year zero . 
  the beginning always hooks me . 
  the irony is , once we 're here , we have to go . 
  and the ones that love us will be very unhappy with that . 
  and of course suicide is worse than unintended death . 
  but in the abstract once you come to this world , you 'll have to go too . 
  and all your loved ones will be very unhappy . 
  so that 's why these years that we have together are important . 
  every day counts . 
  it 's why i have to stop saying : `` ill do it/contact them tomorrow '' . 
  there might not be a tomorrow someday . 
  before as in front of ? 
  because for me dying before my loved ones would be easier as i would n't have to deal with their deaths . 
  but then again , they are the ones that will have it worse . 
  if you exclude murders , death is the best ending to a relationship . 
  given that it 's a happy relationship . 
  if you 're in one and are unhappy until you die , that 's just depressing . 
  definitely . 
  what i meant was that life starts and ends in any case . 
  once we are here , we are destined to go . 
  what we leave behind is defined by how we lived and how we died . 
  let 's cut the chit chat a-hole !, 
  i almost died twice and my jaw , hurts like hell . 
  we tend to take ourselves too seriously . 
  not always , but sometimes it can happen and i always feel silly once i realise it . 
  also music . 
  it 's like going to see frankie boyle and being offended . 
  both of them are known for their black and offensive humour . 
  unless it 's bad poosay , everyone noticed that . 
  well many people are religious and believe in life after death . 
  so they take this one very seriously as in a preparation for the other one . 
  do i hear one and a half ? 
  how ? 
  haha , good one . 
  i like your philosophy . 
  when he snitched . 
  i wonder what his thought process was . 
  some nice chicken breasts . 
  well yeah but if he thought sp was inappropriate , why go to hooters then ? 
  oh , then i have a bit of a wrong idea about hooters . 
  i mean , i knew it was n't a strip club , but it does n't seem to be targeting children either . 
  unless it 's related to owls , then i 'm completely wrong . 
  i feel telepathically connected to this person . 
  i 'd prefer to hold the breasts , but suite yourself . 
  someone down the comment chain already educated me about hooters , i had a misconception about it , that 's why i thought it would be inappropriate . 
  yeah do n't go cold turkey , get some hot chicken . 
  it is n't an issue for me . 
  it 's just interesting to see that naughty jokes and language are unacceptable , while going to a restaurant that objectifies women is ok .
