  i did not dump her because of the new girl , we just did n't work well together and i was going to dump her any way . 
  we have been together for two weeks or something like that . 
  i shave everywhere but my hands , legs and hair on my head . 
  i 'm the silent companion that fucks shit up . 
  i am not however sworn to carry any of your damn burdens !, 
  i know it 's all the miscellaneous stuff you keep in there . 
  gears , abraxo cleaner , toy cars , nasty hagraven feathers , mammoth tusks and dragon bones and scales you 'll never use !, 
  a rat , it would be able to talk . 
  i would just love to know what they are thinking . 
  especially due to last two being taken away by diseases so quickly . 
  if i only knew beforehand how bad it was . 
  i mean , i was n't ready with the first one , the second one i knew had tumours but could n't let him go until i had to . 
  the third one is ok for now . 
  while i do use facebook , without it , i would n't be sad or anything . 
  true , but that only happens about half an hour of game time after i throw it away . 
  so i 'm not tempted to reload the game keeping it and i just think to myself that it 's ok i 'll get a new one and spend a few hours looking for it only to stumble upon the one i discarded earlier . 
  thanks . 
  i hope so too . 
  me too . 
  and this time really just pick a god damn armor instead of carrying a bunch of them . 
  and level a mage not an archer each damn time . 
  i usually merge skyrim with a bit of a life simulator and try to wear appropriate attire based on where i am . 
  i mean - who goes wandering around dragonsreach in full daedric badass weapon outfit . 
  why not look harmless and just change when you have to fight . 
  looks silly though - someone attacks me - hold on i have to change ... you were saying ? 
  and death . 
  smiling at me or giving me a naughty/interested look . 
   correct if mistakes where made, 
  either : correct if mistakes , where made . 
  or : correct if mistakes were made . 
  man that has to be the worst thing yet . 
  i ca n't imagine not being able to drink water . 
  as a kid i might have liked that , but now as i am older , that would be the worst thing . 
  well obviously something that should have been a meatball , but is more like meatsquare or something . 
  or just a side is like that . 
  people who are aware of their ignorance , yet do nothing about it . 
  just jump to prejudice instead of trying to understand . 
  but it 's black magic . 
  not a fan , so no . 
  playing music . 
  writing music too . 
  crying . 
  being physically active . 
  this is n't an argument , it 's just contradiction !, 
  i have the vice versa problem . 
  people thinking that i deem my opinion as a fact . 
  i mean , do i have to start nearly every sentence with : `` well i think . . in my opinion . . '' . 
  of course it 's my opinion , it 's me who is stating it . 
  and i will explain why i like something or why i dislike it . 
  that does n't mean i think less of you for not agreeing with me . 
  yes it is !, 
  i like to push the pram a looooooooooooooooooooooot . 
  that just always makes me laugh so much . 
  come on then . 
  have at you !, 
  the part when arthur starts praying and the black knight just starts kicking him . 
  i find meaning of life a bit too dark sometimes . 
  it 's great and all , but holy grail and life of brian are easier to watch . 
  it 's french for gim me some fuckin ' cola !, 
  we 're gon na make you smoke the whole bag . 
  ^ ( please no ), 
  what would you say it is ? 
  why do n't you just take a step back and literally fuck your own face !, 
  you can pee now . 
  enrichito , macho burrito !, 
  a kid just jumped right into the wood chipper . 
  do you like dags ? 
  i beat myself to it . 
  i always make faces at babies while in public . 
  i mean if they look me for long enough . 
  got a good laugh out of a parent in a store the other day . 
  i think more people are concerned about sax than violins . 
  i prefer to be sad and smart than happy and dumb . 
  he was happy to finally see me , after all these years of me thinking he was dead . 
  it 's fun to dream , but sadly i know exactly where he is . 
  going out into the world and have experience with real people . 
  sure there are some bad ones in there too , but the final score for now is , people are n't a bunch of assholes . 
  good intentions . 
  they do n't mean shit . 
  the result is what matters most of the time . 
  i can understand that you did n't find it funny , but i like how it lampooned filming and the movie industry in general . 
  i do n't know , i found it very funny . 
  anaal nathrakh , steven wilson ( and his various projects ) , opeth , ne obliviscaris , decapitated , obscura , the antlers , damien rice , sepultura , slayer , leprous , the dillinger escape plan , tool , nick cave , pj harvey , indica , anathema , agalloch , ahab , riverside , tchaikovsky . 
  thanks , i am always searching for new music . 
  til most bmws and audis have broken turn signals . 
  to be fair , both sides have their extreme people . 
  while both are just on the other side of the argument but acting the same . 
  i do n't judge either , but have experienced flak from both sides of the spectrum , given that i do n't eat meat all time , but only when i feel like it . 
  do you then fart the boss away ? 
  funny part is , it also dies in the story . 
  you can accept the sword and then trade until they run out of money . 
  so basically same thing . 
  also sell the sword right back to them . 
  mass effect does something similar when your crew gets kidnapped . 
  if you fly around the universe too long , they do n't survive . 
  or accidentally hurt our village chicken . 
  agreed . 
  when you find out how `` special '' you are , anyone that is threatening you is just easily dismissed with a simple fus ro dah . 
  i think the ineed mod takes care of that . 
  also not sure if food heals you any more .
