  go on , go on ... 
  prince george and in the military captain george . 
  before that he appeared in minor roles for an episode or two . 
  what do you mean by talking shit ? 
  i often try to point out why i do n't like something when i 'm discussing music tastes and some people do seem to get offended , while i just state my opinion . 
  i try not to say this band is shit or i hate them . 
  but tell them that i do n't like the music and why . 
  i know what i like and i know what i do n't , does that make me a music snob ? 
  i mean , i wo n't give you shit , maybe joke a little bit about it . 
  but i can take a joke too , so i do n't see the harm in that . 
  it 's the potential for extremism that is concerning . 
  you know some fucker is going to use that as a defence , even if they are not religious . 
   `` wow you really killed the mood , man '', 
  what a moronic thing to say . 
  you also play piano . 
  cleaning up after quite a good night . 
  so that 's a quarter of a piano :p, 
  so you play guitar and bass ? 
  what kind of music ? 
  do you write on both ? 
  it seems you can make a lot with those two instruments + voice if you sing too . 
  you got rid of angry thoughts and they have left you cold ? 
  haha nope , i made my own lunch , mom does n't really hope to rekindle the relationship between us that has perished since i started getting addicted to internet points . 
  well of course , some people are bigger and you have to kind of chop at them , ca n't just stab them in a normal fashion . 
  that can be annoying , yes . 
  just watched the trailer for kung fury ... thank you for mentioning this masterpiece . 
  i will watch it as soon as i get home . 
  by the order as they were released . 
  but then again , i am waiting for the release of sorceress , not listening to the leak . 
  i have to take a day for the album and just listen to the cd on my headphones with my eyes closed . 
  that 's the usual ritual i have for highly anticipated records . 
  i feel like i 'm selling pale communion short , since it 's good but in another way than heritage and heritage had more songs i do n't skip usually . 
  it 's very difficult to rate like this . 
  same goes for sorceress - but right now all i have to judge it by are three songs of a whole album , which is n't even remotely enough . 
  my thoughts are safe . 
  well while i agree that opeth do n't need growls in order to be good , it 's true that any time someone has a valid reason to not like the new opeth sound , they are dismissed as : `` you are just a dumb metal guy , who only likes old school opeth and ca n't move forward . '', 
  i do disagree about pc though , i liked it . 
  but ca n't say anything about sorceress yet , since i have n't listened to the whole thing . 
  you really want that toaster do n't you ? 
  i love my synopsis . 
  it says : you are in a relationship with your girlfriend - sure hope so . 
  people in your family : mother , father . 
  well i 'm not made out of a tube that 's for sure . 
  things you 've said you like : tacos , variety . 
  well ca n't have the same taco each day am i right ? 
  edit : saw it was from one year ago - now updated , synopsis got funnier . 
  the gf and family part stay the same . 
  they noticed i used to have a rat . 
  things i said i like are now a bit more accurate . 
  the funniest part is the you are : heavy sleeper ( correct ) , great magician ( huh ? 
  ) , toaster ( busted ) , lonely terran . 
  well given that it was done by sam raimi . 
  he also made the infamous drag me to hell scene , were a goat talks while possessed by a demon . 
  it was one of the funniest scenes i 've ever seen . 
  not quite the speed limit . 
  or shift + rmb and you get an option that says open command window here . 
  dildo lightyear : to infinity and beyond !, 
  i think there is a mod for skyrim that lets out a laugh track or someone berating you every time you mess up lockpicking . 
  edit : also borderlands 2 had a gun that berated you for almost anything you did . 
  well you have to consider the other extreme where the canned laughter gets inserted after almost everything someone says even if it is n't funny . 
  bad shows do that . 
  because we do n't perceive something as funny and the laughter still gets inserted , then repeat that about five times and it starts to annoy you , since it 's not funny and the laughter seems like something that is supposed to tell you - hey this was a joke . 
  i do n't hate laugh tracks , but if you have to use them in order to tell me what is funny , then it 's overused . 
  it would appear so . 
  i have n't used it for anything else yet . 
  i do n't understand ... why watch a sitcom for the laugh track ? 
  i sent him an invitation , dude has n't replied yet . 
  i am very sorry for your loss . 
  i ca n't even imagine waking up and being unable to wake her : /, 
  such a terrible thought . 
  hank ? 
  invest ! = spend . 
  lizardman , lizardman and um ... lizardman . 
  yakety sax with sax doing the rhythm tones and her playing the sax melody on guitar . 
  while both of them just run around really fast . 
  or archer 's high pitch barely audible laugh . 
  hello fellow human !, 
  i think having a kid come out of the belly button would be a neat trick . 
  everything , since it 's not meant to be a life simulation , but events mostly serve a narrative and the unimportant details are left out . 
  the gathering - you learn about it . 
  might have something to do with the headphones that are in my ears . 
  here comes . . man man !, 
  in my opinion despise is too strong of a word . 
  how can you despise someone you do n't even know ? 
  edit : to not be a complete shithead ... 
  i usually do n't like the way james franco acts . 
  he 's good at what he does , but it 's just not my style . 
  in saying that , i think he and tobey handled spiderman 1 - 3 ( if in the third one you take into account sam raimi ) pretty well . 
  stay within the limit you have tested so many times if you can walk home or have a place to sleep elsewhere . 
  if driving - no alcohol whatsoever . 
  if you 're into noir games , i would say max payne 1 and 2 . 
  i mean the graphics are n't all that good , but the game play and narrative are still awesome . 
  did n't care much for the third on though . 
  why a mistake ? 
  well they did compete who could eat most eggs before they puked . 
  none , because i always stop at some point . 
  sometimes . 
  i mean being the only one struggling with something makes me feel worthless , since everyone else has managed to not struggle with said thing . 
  probably studying them sea shells in the great beyond . 
  happened to me and i 'm a dude .
