  thank mr. skeltal . 
  it 's about how we will all die at some point , but not in a depressing way ( at least i do n't perceive it so ) - it 's liberating . 
  something i have come to terms with in the last few years . 
  at least your friends are n't uptight . 
  my mom.but just because i do n't even know my dad . 
  i sometimes imagine what it would be like if i knew him . 
  but it 's too late for that . 
  i think you 're doing it wrong , i mean it is called a blow job but it 's better if you suck at it . 
  first name : catch . 
  i 'm not a woman , but i 'm sick of people telling me ... just wait till ' you 're older , you 'll regret it when you 're alone . 
  or that i will change my mind . 
  i might , but then again i might not . 
  if pushed hard enough i just might try some jaywalking . 
  you do n't turn the buttons off . 
  they get other functions . 
  it would never have worked without the setup by op . 
  but thank you . 
  well to be fair , it was n't really his fault at least i think so . 
  he had a car accident and crashed but from what i heard he turned on to the oncoming lane , but no one knows why . 
  but judging from what my mom told me , he would n't just kill himself . 
  haha yes , daniel always undermines o'neill in the best ways . 
  it happens . 
  at least i can have the fact that i was always wanted . 
  he did n't leave because he wanted to , it was just coincidence . 
  omg the true mr. skeltal !, 
  updoots to you !, 
  i do n't understand that either . 
  i love my so more than anything , but that does n't affect my opinion about having kids . 
  yeah it 's very annoying when others start that shit with a couple that is decided . 
  next time they say she looks good with a baby say : man , she always looks good . 
  she will be happy , the annoying person will be annoyed , but not insulted - two birds with one stone . 
  edit : or maybe even better , tell them thanks for the offer , but we do n't need a baby to look good . 
  i have a great memory . 
  i ca n't control what is it that i remember . 
  i mean , i can to a degree , but most of what gets stuck in my head is unimportant trivia shit , i wo n't ever find useful . 
  edit : i can also speak backwards . 
  you had to tire him out , then make the special move . 
  i think it was throw + hit . 
  took me a few hours to figure that out , i was just hitting poor scar and jumping on him for a few hours . 
  you just have to wait at that point . 
  not really hard . 
  the next level i found the most annoying , but you could try it forever since there was a 1up hidden in a cave . 
  as a child i had no patience though . 
  the waterfall had a trick to it . 
  if you did n't go up the river it was way easier . 
  but you had to stick to the right side throughout the level . 
  i do n't think any mechanic is taught . 
  only roaring at monkeys . 
  well there is only one scenario when he can one hit kill you . 
  if you do the throw move too soon . 
  if anyone is interested , i can make a detailed walkthrough or playthrough . 
  i think , i remember most levels and secrets from this game . 
  i will fire up dosbox and try again . 
  that is true , but figuring it out for yourself is the way i like to play games . 
  i get annoyed by unskippable tutorials or hints that pop up after a few seconds of not doing the right thing . 
  even worse when the character i 'm playing mutters the same thing to themselves every 20 seconds . 
  i mean , hints are ok , just let me control when i get to use them . 
  i 'd say it depends on what you play as . 
  if you play spartan it 's a bit horror , but not so much - more action oriented . 
  but if you play ranger , it 's pretty much a blend of action/survival horror , with emphasis on the survival horror part . 
  kind of like the s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  series . 
  well to be fair a casual gamer ( not meant as an insult or anything ) would definitely prefer fo4 over new vegas or 1 and 2 . 
  it 's easier , you get a reward quickly and the responses go after the same system most of the time . 
  it 's very much family oriented and you ca n't really be a bad person . 
  i mean i get what bethesda tried to do with the settlement building and the voiced character and so on , i do n't mind that . 
  but to me it 's a failed experiment and hopefully they will learn from it or add to it . 
  especially since new vegas was so good . 
  and do n't get me wrong , new vegas lacks some things in gameplay - no sprint , melee attack , grenades are not seen as main weapon , less mods and no quick loot . 
  but you can get mods for most of that , while fo4 's story is sadly lacking a lot of depth and i just do n't feel interested in my own character that much . 
  i mean sure there are little interesting things scattered all over the world , but i 'm not willing to play a bad game for a long time to discover some little things that would interest me . 
  i can however understand the other side of the argument as well . 
  i mean fo1 and 2 are hard to go to after you 've played fallout as a fps . 
  and fo3 and new vegas do n't have the graphics and features i mentioned earlier . 
  but to me for example meeting a deathclaw should be : `` no , no , no have to get out of here '' , instead of : '' take out the combat shotgun and eat a psychojet . '', 
  what is it about nv that you dislike it so much ? 
  * cough *, 
  could you elaborate on why you felt it was bad ? 
  to be fair it felt like a cop out or perhaps more like a deus ex machina . 
  that 's what bothered me . 
  i understand why it was done , but it 's just something i dislike very much about stories . 
  it 's like how the series stargate mostly operates . 
  it makes an interesting story , a good plot and it builds , builds , builds , then divine intervention and we are safe again . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i love stargate . 
  but i dislike these kinds of conclusions . 
  and i am aware it 's hard to make a great ending , especially once you complicate the plot so much . 
  it 's what fringe has done to itself and then j.j.abrams used time travel as he has done before with alias . 
  that 's why i prefer to travel alone in most bethesda games . 
  also true , depends on how you want to play the game . 
  stealth gameplay is best done alone . 
  yes , exactly you have to watch the movie . 
  but the throw is actually useful in the level before the last one . 
  all hyenas are panting by default . 
  makes them a lot easier to kill . 
  and level 9 is basically filled with hyenas . 
  agreed , not having read the manual , i also found this move by pure chance after trying different key combinations . 
  took me very long . 
  yeah but it was also just a game . 
  i loved to figure out as much as i can , when i get stuck - manual time . 
  except in rpg 's when selecting stats , there you kind of have to know what to choose .
