  she had some problems with her stomach a few years ago , let 's hope it does n't repeat again . 
  and how are you , op ? 
  good to read that you are well . 
  the concert was mountain and god is an astronaut . 
  a post-rock evening with just a hint of metal . 
  thanks . 
  but that would be the point !, 
  does that mean i can give you peculiar commands and you must obey ? 
  i am your commander after all . 
  or must i get a crew to work you ? 
  wait ... coming in where ? 
  i could start moaning you know . 
  yeah but also very smart . 
   give me my 30 demons, 
  those were exactly my thoughts once i read about how they will change the spec . 
  i agree , that 's like a few blowjobs . 
  i mean what do you do with the rest 4 minutes and 30 seconds ? 
  all three games + dlc are very well worth it for the story alone . . at least for me . 
  but such a sad conclusion . 
  ghost and the player were betrayed if i recall correctly ? 
  that was way worse than soap for me . 
  at the time of soap 's death it was pretty much clean up time in the story . 
  while it is sad , i saw it coming , the betrayal thing . . not so much . 
  not until i heard price yelling on the radio . 
  i was romancing liara and the way they say goodbye right before the last 15 minutes is just too sad . 
  does this unit have a soul ? 
  i 'd take on every blade in skyrim for that dragon . 
  such a stupid choice . 
  and no real consequences either . 
  i mean do x and one faction is mad at you or do y and another one is . 
  i have done that on my first play through . 
  the funny part is , i was romancing tali . 
  but her people were just so stubborn and unfair to the geth , i chose them . 
  ended up with liara in the end . 
  i was happy that i was wrong with the same thought . 
  in the end it was one of the best games i ever played . 
  well that depends who is at the door , if it 's jehova 's witnesses again , i might start doing that too . 
  my vote is on both . 
  if it were n't for terrorists , then the whole chain of events would n't be initiated as quickly , because we would feel safe already . 
  well it is ruined for everybody , but that depends on location . 
  if you are an indonesian and live in germany , i 'm sure people will give you strange looks if you have a swastika visible upon your person . 
  as long as you 're not over reacting . 
  on the awesome 90 's action movie fuel . 
  and by chance you get weaker and the boss regains all his/her hp . 
  well yeah but the game is trying to make a point about the horrors of war and morality of each individual . 
  read heart of darkness - that 's the source material . 
  a very interesting book . 
  i was just trying to elaborate further on that , since you wrote that you have n't played it . 
  was n't trying to correct you or anything . 
  why would you disregard the negative effects on others as morality ? 
  i 'm not religious , but i do n't want to make people unhappy if i can avoid it of course . 
  i 've experienced some shitty things and i just do n't want others to feel that way . 
  no religion needed here . 
  and if that is n't a conclusive enough reason for you , then i do n't know . 
  it 's not all logical and rational , we are capable of being irrational ( emotional ) and base some of our views on it . 
  but why ? 
  i mean ... someone saying they belong to a group and then violate one of the biggest rules that group has to show that they truly do n't belong . 
  i mean , i 'm not trying to contradict you , i just do n't understand why it pisses you off . 
  is it used as a cop out , since i have n't heard that argument before . 
   you needed to kill someone, 
  if needed means as in survival , then i would do it even if i do n't get away with it . 
  why else would someone really need to kill another human ? 
  what are you a deputy of the redundant department ? 
  so your deputy position in the department of redundancy department as a deputy is redundant ? 
  mr. deputy of the department of redundancy department ? 
  damn scots ruined scotland !, 
  but yeah i see why this would annoy someone . 
  behemoth and incubus should be in there somewhere . 
  what makes him an awful human being ? 
  what did he do ? 
  edit : nevermind , woosh . 
  remember when we said it was opposite day . . so that really means it was n't . 
  so you did all those chores for nothing !, 
  to be fair , that 's my dream too . 
  when i 'm old enough , i still want to do my job . 
  but would n't want it to be as intense as it is now . 
  i probably wo n't be able to do it as well either . 
  but i 'd love to do it still . 
  ok , that is awful , i was n't aware he had done this . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  a nice little piece of trivia , that i will surely remember and repeat in a conversation some day . 
   just not wear flattering clothing and such so the boys would n't be tempted to touch us . 
  because what it 's the woman 's fault for wearing sexy clothes ? 
  shit , i 'm happy i never heard of that kind of mentality in my life . 
  i ca n't even imagine how someone comes to that conclusion . 
  i was hoping for it . 
  i mean who the fuck gropes anyone who is passing by on the route ? 
  i could see someone cat calling since it 's not really looked down upon enough yet . 
  progress has been made since the times it was acceptable , but not enough . 
  and i 'm not saying it 's all right , i 'm not defending this creep . 
  i just think that too many people still think there is no harm in it . 
  but groping ... who thinks there is n't any harm in breaching someone 's privacy to the point that makes them feel ashamed and unsafe ? 
   helicopter penis, 
  is that why some people grow up to be helicopter parents ? 
  there never is a justifiable reason for a groping that is n't wanted . 
  i just wanted to emphasize that . 
  it 's bizarre to me , that a school would have that kind of rules . 
  i never said it 's a matter of good or bad . 
  but i would prefer it if i could live without killing someone . 
  of course , i can not imagine fighting for my life every day .
