  i gathered them so quickly to stop the noise . 
  it 's even better on headphones . 
  do dogs perceive time ? 
  i mean if they do n't that explains it . 
  i think this is cavalier-peel projection . 
  it 's hard to get a saddle on it . 
  i read that all in his voice . 
  it 's just so unmistakable an unforgettable . 
  i do n't get to the cloud district often ( usually make it to belethor 's sister selling shop ) . 
  so i do n't hear him enough to be annoyed . 
   archer is the unwitting god of this setting, 
  you just gave me an interesting thing to think about . 
  what if he realizes this ? 
  i wonder what he would do . 
  i have no idea . 
  it 's called someone 's farm . 
  i remember the experience and what it looks like , but nothing else . 
  i 'm bad with names , good with faces though . 
  leads to awkward interactions . 
  one comment here said , that outlast 2 starts very intense but then loses pacing or perhaps it just gets slower . 
  but if there is a good story to it , i do n't mind slow pacing . 
  ok that might be interesting , thanks . 
  bang lana out of his own coma . 
  speed demon . 
  they race home and him does something that makes it seem like they travel ahead in time . 
  i mean the teacher was still there waving goodbye . 
  the creepy thing is when everyone - a whole town of old people starts saying that it 's their fault . 
  that freaked me out the first time i saw that part . 
  bunny do good !, 
  the bad kind of nihilist . 
  i think nihilism can be a good thong if used properly . 
  interesting , i think it fits the song . 
  i mean frederik is n't a very fast player , but his solos are unique . 
  even though he has been repeating them lately . 
  how do you feel about the solo on swarm ? 
  that was exactly what i meant . 
  thanks for your explanation . 
  also nihilism is only taken at it 's negative meaning all the time . 
  much like cynicism it has gotten a generally negative connotation in society , which is a shame . 
  that takes me back to high school . 
  my favorite songs of them are late goodbye ( max payne 2 ) , carnival of rust ( also great video ) and king of fools . 
  i 'm going to go listen to them now . 
  i have two at the moment . 
  kaleida - echo saw you and anaal nathrakh - the one thing needful . 
  i do n't play them one after another though , too different . 
  i did not know they still made music . 
  i kind of went into a more extreme music genre lately ( black and death metal in general ) , so no , but i will check it out . 
  and you had to walk to the end to get the video . 
  is actually burrito . 
  thanks for your opinion . 
  yeah i 've been considering getting the dlc . 
  and dlc is usually shorter than the base game - so a 5 hour base game means a very short dlc . 
  ( 3 hours for most people as much as i 've read/asked around ) . 
  so yeah - might as well get the second one . 
  what makes it more engaing and scarier for you ? 
  i 'm not . 
  in the dark with headphones on . 
  the one who is also not unique . 
  logic checks out . 
  paradise lost by milton . 
  it 's basically language porn . 
  if i could only get some . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i would not call tool music to chill . 
  i got a cd from a friend that had a bunch of mp3s on it . 
  carcass , the crown , edge of sanity , a perfect circle , suffocation , dark tranquillity and tool . 
  she introduced me to so much new music . 
  started with aenema , i liked it a lot . 
  whatever floats your boat . 
  butter might do the trick indeed . 
  we have your friend !, 
  second place goes to the scene where will gets shot - afterwards when he is in the hospital and talks to carlton . 
  while laughing for the whole day and being strong , he just breaks down seeing his cousin almost turning into the guy with the gun . 
  that one and one of the saddest deaths for me was jenny calendar . 
  i mean the way giles discovers her is just the worst . 
  why are you afraid of dying alone ? 
  i ask because i am the opposite - i 'd prefer to die alone . 
  maybe with some music . 
  like die before finding someone who loves you ? 
  ok yeah , i get that . 
  what i meant was when the actual dying happens , i 'd prefer to be alone . 
  even if it would cost a cent , i 'd be broke . 
  i 'm the typical example of a kid who wanted to be everyting , but became nothing . 
  i do n't feel like i belong anywhere , i do n't feel like i can decide do to just one thing for the rest of my life . 
  i had many ambitions but was n't persistent enough to really anything of myself . 
  i 'm somewhere in the middle of `` it 's too late '' and `` i can still do this '' . 
  but once it will be too late and when reality hits me , i do n't know what i will do . 
  lovecrafta ali e. a. poea . 
  sounds like interesting music though , the funky instrumentals and the screaming vocals . 
  i could listen to that . 
  were the 90 's full of white people trying to rap in a very awkward manner ? 
  i mean , i saw some movies , but had no idea it was this bad . 
  i wonder if that was invented by a gay caveman . 
  so me and my girlfriend have two rats - both male . 
  i am wondering if we are doing enough to cool them down . 
  here is what we do :, 
  - frozen/cool food - corn , fruit etc. 
  - always fresh water and always a tub of water in the cage, 
  - fan directed into the cage at a distance, 
  - frozen bottles of water in their living space - but they seem to not always want to cuddle next to them ( they are put in socks , so they ca n't chew on them ),
