  then the third woman says , that she decided to stop cleaning . 
  and then she mentions that the first week she could n't see anything , the second week still nothing . 
  then both women ask her : what about the third week ? 
  and she answers : a little bit with one eye . 
  that 's not the point of the movie , just the setting . 
  well anything religious/spiritual really . 
  at some point any religion was deemed a cult . 
  but as of today : organizations like illuminati , jonestown ... 
  crowley has written a few books , the different versions of necronomicon - this is especially interesting as lovecraft himself wrote that the point of the book was that it should n't exist as he worked on the fear of the unknown . 
  add to that pagan rituals and beliefs . 
  pretty much anything that goes from a story to a ritual can be considered occult . 
  not necessarily now but at a point it was , and how it developed and how it 's related to the past or to other phenomenons is interesting to me . 
  oh my that was a good response . 
  i like it how he did n't just let him go . 
  let him feel ashamed and embarassed . 
  they say that one who contradicts him/herself is putting his foot in his mouth . 
  but supporting trump and being a feminist is like putting your foot into your vagina . ^ ( but you probably were n't serious right ? ), 
  in the ghetto ^ ( in the ghetto ) . 
  just saw the chickenpox episode of southpark last night so you reminded me of cartman singing this to himself . 
  i wish i would have thought up this argument when talking to my mother as a teenager when i stopped believing . 
  french version of a french word ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  well of course , you forgot step 5 : profit . 
  but healthy people are over dramatic and mostly say they are depressed , when really they are just sad for a day or two . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong , but this is done so often , that the perception of people has changed and depression is n't thought of as a serious mental illness . 
  more like a general nuisance and it 's perfectly curable with the power of thought and exercise . 
  oh that 's what you meant , i got confused there for a moment . 
  i had a dream like that just today . 
  pretty much the world was ending - there were fiery and icy meteors/asteroids falling down and we were out in the open . 
  there was a lot of death there . 
  but on the upside , i did n't die in my dream again - usually i do , but not tonight , so there is an upside . 
  but when i woke up i felt horrible - seeing everyone die . 
  that 's interesting , i never changed gender in my dreams yet . 
  then again i would n't mind dreaming something like that , depends on what would happen to me . 
  i always wanted to write someone else 's autobiography . 
  all joking aside : a series of ( un ) fortunate events . 
  of course it does , but life has so many different possibilities that are a gift and a curse . 
  gift because you have so many things to choose from , but a curse if you ask what if . 
  save tonight by eagle eye cherry ? 
  death - voice of the soul . 
  devin townsend - bastard , funeral , grace . 
  agalloch - a fragment ( second phase ) , the hawthorne passage . 
  solstafir - godess of the ages , fjara , kold , love is the devil ( and i 'm in love ) . 
  a good choice . 
  when people do n't use their turn signals . 
  even if they do n't cut me off and have plenty of time to go where they wanted , it makes me rage . 
  i get it when someone has to turn very quickly or if you forget to turn . 
  but still , it makes me mad . 
  but meaning of life is too dark for a child to watch . 
  were they very religious ? 
  i heard many religious people do n't like the life of brian and maybe they used the naked guy as a scapegoat ? 
  i mean it 's not like the scenes are even suggestive , the guy is just naked . 
  you mean the former ? 
  the latter - it is one movie and child 's play has a few movies . 
  which are pretty much hilarious . 
  rats - if they climb somewhere they should n't be i pick them up and put them back down just to see them climb back again and again and again and again and again ... we annoy each other . 
  potato . 
  i listen to a lot of metal , even dress in band shirts and have long hair , but i do n't identify myself as a metal head . 
  at least not in the way society deems it , there 's too much good music out there to limit yourself to one genre . 
  i look very stereotypical . 
  better than shooting yourself in the leg . 
  well i 'm lactose intolerant . 
  so if i ate all the cheese and drank all the milk , i probably would n't live for too long . 
  be it due to constant vomiting/diahhrea or a fart so deadly that the cdc would have to come to my house . 
  oh right , i forgot about that part . 
  meh , that 's a weird reason . 
  nudity is very natural as long as it 's put in the right context . 
  but then again my mom was the same , we never discussed monty python , but other movies were forbidden due to nudity . 
  haha , that must be a funny thing to see . 
  are you coming on to me ? 
  it 's from a video on youtube . 
  it 's called creepy mc ` donalds commercial . 
  it creeps people out . 
  i only use the spoken part not the whole commercial obviously . 
  will find link when i get home . 
  wow , til . 
  how long do i have and how certain are you that i have that amount of time ? 
  then decide what to do with my life . 
  probably quit my job if a short enough time . 
  i was hopeful until the end to ask you about what was the occasion . 
  then the last sentence crushed my hopes . 
  well i 've done it once on our graduation holiday . 
  we went to greece - corfu and had themed parties . 
  one evening was cross dressing for everyone . 
  so we went along with it . 
  luckily i have no pictures or videos of that event :d, 
  any inanimate fucking object . 
  i 'd honestly prefer the grooming . 
  yeah it 's a shame you have to marry one , the kill and fuck parts are easy . 
  1/3 down , 2/3 to go . 
  marry nikola tesla - have a very interesting life . 
  bang bill nye , so i do n't have to kill him . 
  kill morgan freeman , so i can say i killed god . 
  give up my happiness . 
  give up my girlfriend . 
  kill any living being . 
  give up my freedom - as in crime that would put me in jail . 
  give up my health . 
  in a row ? 
  no , not even an ant .
