  played rainbow islands all the time . 
  it was a very long game too . 
  but i just loved the music and it was the only game , where two players could play , so my brother and i would often play it . 
  well i agree with you for most cases . 
  but if you have a baby together , then that is a very immature reaction . 
  of course i do . 
  but saying to someone that you want to be there for the child and will be a great dad , without considering it enough to know you actually do n't want kids is very immature . 
  and even after he realised that he does n't want kids , he should have just said so , instead of denying everything and then blocking the person . 
  all those reactions are extremely immature . 
  if he would have said , i do n't want kids and i do n't want to be with you any more and then blocked the ex ... asshole thing to do , but at least he would have confronted her and told the truth , instead of hiding away like a fucking coward . 
  - count suckula, 
  so basically wwiii ? 
  because if everyone on earth would be honest - the economy collapses immediately . 
  but the scene of the battle between qui gon jinn , darth maul and obi-wan is one of the best in the whole movie for me . 
  the music and the overall atmosphere . 
  but then again in episode iii the battle between yoda and dooku is awesome as well . 
  did you mean preposterous ? 
  edit : i like your propositions for the two movies . 
  only one thing bothers me - palpatine killing padme and vader remaining with him . 
  in the original sw films the love for his son gives him the resolve and strength to end palpatine and sacrifice himself . 
  imagine what he would do if palpatine ( who is at the time weaker ) would kill the woman he loved most , who is also the mother of his child . 
  he 'd probably destroy their whole fucking planet . 
  well he did have a sex change , did n't he ? 
  gigli is why people hate ben affleck . 
  but people like to ignore the good movies he had done apparently . 
  i mind kingdom of the crystal skull because of shia labeouf 's character . 
  same with constantine - it 's a great movie but his character in these two movies is just trying too hard . 
  the actor is great , but the character sucks . 
  he has done some great movies but not these two . 
  i found animatrix awesome - adds a lot to the story and can do what movies ca n't since it 's animated . 
  ok , i just wanted to know that i got what you were trying to say . 
  oh , right yeah that is something i overlooked and do n't get me wrong it would have worked , but i would prefer something else . 
  a matter of taste really . 
  i would deliberately leave stuff out , just so i could see where you would put them next . 
  i 'd make it a game of guess where this random trash is going this time . 
  what do you consider more than average ? 
  i asked because it 's probably at least a bit subjective . 
  i have no problems with real sex and do n't consider myself doing it too much . 
  but what i consider average , others might consider little/too much . 
  i mean , i have gone overboard as a teenager , but learned how much is too much and to sometimes take a break from it if i start noticing sings of it being too much . 
  i remember a lot of details that people sometimes do n't pay attention to . 
  for example : i remember exactly what my current girlfriend looked like the first time i saw her , even though i was with another girl at the time . 
  they were friends and she introduced me to her . 
  but later she dumped me and about a year after that , me and my girlfriend started really talking and getting together . 
  we have been together for 6 years now and i still remember exactly what she was wearing , what make up she had on etc. 
  sometimes i creep people out like that , mostly not on purpose . 
  and women would be happy . 
  igorrr - moldy eye or tendon . 
  besides trying to keep up with the rhythm , the weirdness of those songs has so far put everyone off . 
  one can be smart and irrational . 
  hopefully not tim curry , he is awesome . 
  but everyone shags op 's mum . 
  what band ? 
  thanks , gon na check them out . 
  i know , right it drives me up the wall . 
  going to my friends funeral after she died of cancer - she was younger than me . 
  it still haunts me how she being a person that loved life had to die and me being someone who tried to end my life , get to live ( i would have died at childbirth if my mum would n't get to a doctor ) . 
  it 's so bizarre when you think about it . 
  edit : with the childbirth thing i was n't referencing my desire to end my life , that came way later ( about 17 years ) . 
  the school that is before elementary - i do n't know what it 's called , i was 6 at the time . 
  we each played one game of tetris - the 3d one , where you look from the top . 
  then at 7 years of age - aladdin , lion king , the neverhood , warcraft ii : tides of darkness , alley cat and a game i have n't been able to find since . 
  that 's how my gaming `` career '' started . 
  insight - talks about eye balls and seeing that scenario - brilliant . 
  on a serious note , that has to be pretty alarming indeed . 
  is there like a room for all the people that would donate their eye balls - that would make a creepy , mannequin like atmosphere . 
  seems creepy the way i imagine it . 
  what 's it like working in a morgue ? 
  such a great build up and climax . 
  it also helps that the commands given are all shouted in japanese language - better immersion . 
  reminds me of george carlin :, 
  do you * insert name here * take her for your lawful wedded wife ? 
  * proceeds to dig in ass *, 
  ha , jokes on everyone else , i never had any true friends in high school or at college . 
  outside of that ... sure a few . 
  so just a little bit ? 
  some people abuse their power and have to be kept in check every now and then . 
  i was making fun of you writing about zero , which is ambiguous and can mean a little bit . 
  i also do not smoke weed . 
  no origin , only laughter . 
  no need to apologize , it happens . 
  i share two of your three drugs . 
  ( i gave up on skyrim and went for oblivion ) . 
  i would basically lose all my life . 
  excuse me , do you have a fwiend fwom wome ? 
  he has a wife you know . 
  hold on are you saying that you are the famous incontinentia , wife of biggus ? 
  she did n't want to be with me any more . 
  maybe the cause was a lack of communication from both sides . 
  she did n't like certain aspects of me , but never told me that it bothers her and when she had enough - she broke up with me . 
  it was after 5 months so it was n't a big deal any way . 
  lucky guess . 
  i must ask , how come you kept your maiden name of buttocks and have n't taken biggus 's last name of dickus ? 
  apocynthion - correlations . 
  away from aeons find, 
  the miserable futility of my being, 
  predestined to die on your feet ,, 
  to cry over wet soil, 
  to roam infinite spaces that reality is ... 
  becomes aware of me,
