  the only logical choice . 
  i 'm saving this thread . 
  not necessarily worse , depends on what you like . 
  stop right there , criminal scum !, 
  is n't diss meant as disrespect ? 
  not too heavy : anathema - distant satellites - i always remember anyone i lost contact with - be it because they died or we have just grown apart . 
  a bit heavier : in vain - hymne til havet ( hymn to the sea ), 
  basically about sailors departing and some of them returning , many not . 
  like a lament for the lost ones . 
  pretty much the same message as before , but in a completely different atmosphere . 
  no meaning , only laughter . 
  one true god . 
  i would say rainn wilson as john was imitating him at the time . 
  that 's a bingo !, 
  he just plays god . 
  the one with the one legged man . 
  why did n't you tell him to get the fuck out of your house ? 
  lord of the rings trilogy and hobbit trilogy . 
  but the thing is that in lotr they had three movies for six books and in the hobbit they had three movies for one book . 
  if they would have had one or two movies for the hobbit and at least one more for the lotr franchise it could of have been better . 
  not that it was too bad ( well the hobbit was ) , but the books have so much content that lacks in the movie . 
  and i know it 's hard to make and that there are time/budget/people restrictions . 
  but that 's what makes the books better - the only restriction is your fantasy . 
  was there only one ? 
  because that 's interesting that you would tell him that . 
  if there were at least two , i would understand you telling them that . 
  but still pretty funny , even if very dangerous . 
  what happened afterwards ? 
  but i think spader would make a good daniel combined with carter , teal ' c and the new o'neill ( richard dean anderson ) , it 's not that i do n't like kurt russel , but he was was too serious for my taste . 
  then again his kid just killed himself with the gun in the movie , so he could n't really crack jokes all the time . 
  but what i have seen of kurt russel trying to be funny was n't as good as richard . 
  well going by my will , my body will be donated either for organs or scientific research . 
  the relatives can have something useless and burn it into ashes , if they have a need for a grave . 
  that 's about it . 
  i think he came back to life . 
  a book , headphones , good will towards mankind . 
  so how does a cellphone work ? 
  does it use the mitochondria for power ? 
  a pair of guns , a ball and a loaded penis ? 
  if a western government , probably . 
  if any of the ones you named , you would probably get : usa , england and a random third country . 
  so that 's why i feel so cold and dead inside when i 'm talking to someone on the cellphone ? 
  probably yes , i was trying to go by country , but continents are a better idea for genocide . 
  you could try listening , instead of talking . 
  ask them about it , but try to make it seem as a normal conversation , do n't get too nervous if they are evading it as people do n't usually talk about such things . 
  also depends on how much you know them . 
  do n't tell them to cheer up or that we have a short time to live , do n't be sad and such things - those are just empty phrases to someone who is truly bitter . 
  try to understand , that there has to be an underlying cause of the bitterness . 
  it 's a symptom of something else . 
  sometime jokes can work . 
  the problem i see here is that all bad experiences are very subjective . 
  pointing out that you have it better than others can just make someone feel guilty for being bitter/sad . 
  well in my opinion that is a mistake , but it might help someone else . 
  that really depends on their situation , it 's hard to say as i do n't have enough information about it . 
  you do n't have to tell if you do n't want to . 
  but after making the same mistakes , i slowly figured out , that trying to understand someone is the best course of action for most cases . 
  then you can either help , sympathize ( empathize if you went through the same thing ) and be helpful like that . 
  of course not every person is the same , some people value things like these being said to them - not necessarily a mistake on your part , 
  eliminating enemies . 
  or apologize for something they are n't even guilty of . 
  makes me feel like an evil overlord . 
  i am very guilty of this . 
  when someone wants to help you , even though you say you do n't want help . 
  like learning how to do something - i want to learn from my mistakes and not have you do it . 
  i wo n't learn anything from watching you . 
  now if you want to explain it to me as i do it - fine . 
  people seem to get offended when i tell them that . 
  good point . 
  i guess it 's situation/person specific . 
  hah , tied here . 
  but mother 's day is where i win . 
  same here , i was just happy that they never saw happy tree friends . 
  they used to have them on mtv at late hours and i would always stay up late to watch . 
  what are you like ? 
  ( something similar to get to know him , a lot of sub questions ), 
  what do you think of me ? 
  what happened on the day you died ? 
  instead i ask myself these questions constantly . 
  i do n't know the others . 
  but then again i watched only south park , happy tree friends and beavis and butthead . 
  then i moved on from mtv to the internet and was introduced to salad fingers . 
  pretty much , not such a shitty position though . 
  * i like to touch them ... *, 
  edit : i taunt my girlfriend with this sometimes - she gets completely creeped out . 
  which country are you from ? 
  there was a game where you drove a truck . 
  still in ms-dos i think . 
  you could upgrade it with weapons you needed for missions and you could choose between a few missions at each `` station '' or you could choose to just leave and roam the place . 
  i remember a mission that was shooting a number of tanks . 
  you could also switch from 4x4 to normal wheels on the fly . 
  and the missions ranged from getting from a to b ( with cargo or without ) or just disposing of an x number of enemies . 
  i do n't remember the name of the game and i never found it again . 
  just do it . 
  i was dreaming that i was driving 180 kph . 
  the thing that made it real ? 
  i was watching the rpm and the car could n't go faster so my thoughts were : `` oh so this is as fast as i can go '' . 
  that 's all i remember from the dream and i was driving in a tunnel for a bit . 
  but that part was just very realistic/vivid . 
  some of my memories , be they good or bad . 
  autoduel is too old .
