  bloodbath - the fathomless mastery, 
  edit : bloodbath - resurrection through carnage, 
  i can always join the gym . 
  hence i shave the crack . 
  yes that can be annoying but the hairy crack itch is worse for me . 
  the neverhood . 
  yeah it did , but it was supposed to be a modern remake and a sequel to duke nukem 3d . 
  i disagree . 
  but i must say that nick does n't suit me as a singer . 
  he is n't bad , just not my taste . 
  i am seeing them live this year , ca n't wait , 
  agreed , that 's why i have reddit :p, 
  now that i know about it , yes i am !, 
  no , nightmares made flesh is the one with peter . 
  resurrection through carnage is mikael . 
  to each his own , 
  i find the ending of resurrection very strong . 
  bathe in blood , trail of insects , like fire and cry my name . 
  while with nightmares i prefer the middle part with it 's peak at year of the cadaver race and the ascension . 
  after that songs get pretty much forgetable for me . 
  he does , but he has all these defence mechanisms you have to go through to get there . 
  i mean if you can make it past him being nervous and those awesome/terrible jokes , then you could hang out with him . 
  and i think i could hang out with chandler and joey and if pheebs came along , that would be ok too . 
  i ca n't stand rachel in the show , monica is a bit too nervous/aggressive for my taste and ross - i could talk to him about movies , books , music but to go out and have fun . . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  indeed , they pretty much made her a plot device . 
  go here -  torture torture torture -  run away . 
  and the circle continues . 
  [ but i do n't get why she was with ramsay in the last season , i mean the whole point of that is that jeyne poole has the wrong eye color ( as reek mentions multiple times ) , ramsay never gets married to a stark girl . 
  so he has no claim of anything and the lannisters betrayed them , by sending a fake arya . 
  oh and roose and ramsay both know that she is n't the real arya , but others are fooled . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  well she did n't want to lose her direwolf did she now ? 
  that was n't really her choice . 
  if she told the truth , then joffrey would never be even interested in her . 
  which would in the end be good for her , but she was naive at the time . 
  certainly that does n't excuse everything she went through now does it ? 
  shame !, 
  yet people/monsters always find their way there . 
  such bad luck . 
  the way he goes to check to the desk all happy and sees toby . 
  it 's like watching a kid trying a lemon for the first time . 
  i just finished season 7 and have a hard time getting into season 8 . 
  i mean , i did watch just the first part ( finished 7 yesterday ) , but it looks to me as if it 's going to be the same old cycle in sam and dean 's relationship again . 
  as for the story that accompanies it , i guess i 'll see soon . 
  well if you read the books , reek is n't as bad as you wrote . 
  he was taken away from his family when he was young . 
  robb did make a mistake by sending him to deal with his own father . 
  now a kid who got only a glimpse of his father comes back and all he wants is his approval . 
  i can understand this , i mean if i met my father at any time in the future i would want his approval . 
  but i would n't murder people to get it . 
  that 's what reek did wrong , he took matters into his own hands and just started killing people and took over winterfell , which did n't go well for him . 
  as far as the rest goes , i would say that it 's ramsay 's fault from then on . 
  he turns theon into a spineless , smelly and disfigured reek . 
  the psychological and physical torture is enough for him to be a coward and do nothing when jeyne poole/sansa marries him . 
  but he does do something about it in the end . 
  did n't he go out with a deer once too ? 
  yes , that is a great representation of a person who has 100 % empathy . 
  and i can understand him letting the wardens kill him . 
  that would not be an easy life . 
  even with his powers of healing , he gets on death row . 
  and with the right formatting , they could be parallel to each other . 
  yes , that 's what bothers me mostly . 
  the relationship does n't really go further . 
  it basically goes : they get together , bad stuff happens , they do n't talk about it or if they do they say it 's ok , i can handle it . 
  they ca n't handle it , resolve it in some way and grow apart . 
  repeat as necessary . 
  that is a weak point of the show , but if the surrounding story is good , i do n't mind that . 
  i 'll probably watch everything too , just to see what they come up with . 
  but they will have to end the series somewhere . 
  agreed . 
  i love this album very much and usually try to play sylvia , bear , wake and epilogue on guitar and sing along . 
  i can never make it through with singing . 
  so now i rarely even listen to it , when i do , i get sad for a few days . 
  so many people we 've already lost to cancer ... 
  you know what killed the dinosaurs ? 
  the ice age !, 
  i feel the same way . 
  i 'm not smart , i 'm not special , i will probably never achieve my dream and all i can see right now is that i will work all my life so i can survive until i die . 
  i push people away and ca n't even get past normal experiences in a normal way . 
  i always do something to fuck shit up , intentional or not . 
  i do n't know things i should i.e. 
  cooking , cleaning , repairing cars etc. 
  and whenever i try to learn something on my own , i struggle and fall behind most people . 
  if someone is explaining anything to me , you better repeat it a few times or i wo n't understand . 
  i think i 'm funny but it 's just a coping mechanism most of the time . 
  not in every case or perhaps at least not immediately . 
  i have problems with a muscle in my left eye . 
  ca n't do the inverted look or whatever it is called . 
  but my eyesight was fine . 
  well at least for a few years after that . 
  not any more though . 
  yes but that solves the problem of reminding yourself that you have to drink , not how much you have to drink . 
  the amount is based on an individual , but we all have problems reminding ourselves as you mentioned we get distracted due to our busy schedules . 
  looks like you have a straw in your urethra . 
  also depends on what/how much you ate . 
  if you ate a cookie or an apple , go for a swim . 
  if you ate two steaks with potato , salad and desert , you should probably wait at least an hour before you go for a swim . 
  definitely , that was very well put . 
  it 's not easy writing 10 + seasons in any case .
