  cannibal corpse is the band . 
  what does this have to do with my response ? 
  i 'm just asking if mosquitoes carry something from their birth ( like ticks for example ) or do they get it via other carriers only . 
  i learned that one the hard way too . 
  told my gf i 'll be home soon - took a lot of extra time to finish a project , had to be done . 
  i did call her but she was n't happy . 
  then we had a bit of an argument and later agreed to have all our celebrations for weekends . 
  we exchange gifts on the day of the anniversary/birthday/whateverdayitis and then celebrate the next weekend . 
  but then the proposal is expected . 
  i mean surely a woman would suspect something if a guy starts talking about marriage . 
  it 's hard to be spontaneous and discuss marriage too . 
  ` bang bang ' yeah ? 
  sure it does , then parents are n't home for one night , your hand wonders on your naughty place and boom - seven faps in one evening . 
  i edge myself in the shower a bit , then go to bed and jerk it . 
  but i 'm never in the shower more than 20 minutes . 
  30 if i shave . 
  i get dirty , ma !, 
  try not to watch that movie on your way to the parking lot !, 
  this guy defends two youths . 
  in a row ? 
  japanese or the hollywood version ? 
  because yeah , the japanese version scared me too , the hollywood version was a nice bed time story , i fell asleep watching that one . 
  when did the movie make fun of the holocaust ? 
  sure it made fun of hitler and the nazis . 
  made a story in it 's setting , but where in the midst of it , is there a joke about the holocaust ? 
  i give you that jew hunter hans landa is a reference to it , but never do they mention that name in a funny way or to make a farce out of it . 
  it 's just to establish the character as cruel yet charming and calm in his behaviour , a bit of duality in character . 
  it 's a simple revenge story ( what tarantino does usually ) - the girl 's family gets killed , she takes revenge . 
  the rest are just stories of different people getting involved , willingly ( american soldiers ) or unwillingly ( troops at the bar who are celebrating ) . 
  i 'm not saying people must like this movie , that is subjective , i 'm just pointing out my view point and i would like to read your opinion/arguments for your statement . 
  well yeah if you are n't used to them , they will scare you more , i 'm not trying to judge you . 
  but there are so many better ( as in scarier ) horror movies that this one was boring for me . 
  how do you mean as if the war did n't matter and was just a joke ? 
  i mean what part of the movie gave you that impression ? 
  he had the tom green show . 
  i watched a few parts , but was pretty much like the movie . 
  ca n't really tell you how . . but then again andy dick had his own show too . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  i did n't really get that it made fun of the actual war , just a fictional story put into the times and situations . 
  tarantino does that juvenile/serious thing - django unchained is a good example of that as well . 
  but then again it also showed courage from both sides - the german officer in the beginning who would n't give up . 
  it 's like a western for me . 
  may deal with serious subject matter , but it goes from funny to serious in between . 
  hey , your opinion is your own and i do n't judge you if you do n't like it . 
  my opinion is different and i 'm not forcing it upon you . 
  not everyone will like every movie any way . 
  my stomach hurt from laughing too hard too . 
  you are correct . 
  i bought my first car at 23 . 
  cost me $ 1000 . 
  less than $ 1500 with insurance and registration and all that . 
  crashed it twice that first winter . 
  learned a lot and have n't crashed since . 
  those two were n't big crashes , but the first one i scratched the side of the car quite badly . 
  in the second one i got a little scratch to the front . 
  when i sold the car for parts it was about 12 years old and i had it for three years . 
  did n't have a lot of mileage on it , but was a bit in a poor condition ( only left speaker working , brake light - signal interchanging - electronic problems , no abs , the steering wheel was hard as fuck ) . 
  but it got me around and now i value my second car so much more . 
  it 's not the best , but soooo much better than the first one . 
  or just transform your gateway into warp gate . 
  and construct additional pylons . 
  the dark knigget . 
  devin townsend was worth it at the main stage . 
  so were fear factory , cannibal corpse , opeth , alcest and bloodshot dawn . 
  but yeah anaal nathrakh at the small stage . . that was fucking chaos in a good way . 
  can you hear heaven ? 
  your facebook feed is directly controlled by you . 
  so do something about it . 
  well if your genre is n't metal in general , yes then definitely . 
  what i meant to say is it depends on who is on the main stage . 
  there were bands that were on the main stage but were better when i went to listen to them in a small venue . 
  solstafir and agalloch are a good example . 
  as long as you do n't over do it , i do n't see the harm in that . 
  what would they say ? 
  help me , my parents are embarrassing ? 
  wow . 
  did not know that . 
  i 'm not form the us , so that 's news to me . 
  where i 'm from , you mostly would n't get anything at the moment . 
  unless the party would really escalate as in someone dying . 
  do n't have experience with that kind of music festivals , but given your explanation , i can see your point . 
  yeah should be like a panther or a cougar or something . 
  you move like a pregnant cow !, 
  here 's the procedure . . 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !, 
  ( the faces he makes in that segment are priceless ) . 
  oh you were serious ? 
  let me laugh even harder . 
  same thing happened in oblivion . 
  [ closing oblivion gates became gradually harder ( depends on build and leveling ) but enemies were more and more powerful . 
  then you get to sit and watch the last fight . 
  i mean there was a skirmish when you come back from destroying the siege thing . 
  but sean bean dies again and you get to sit and watch . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  yeah that 's true . 
  but still i felt a bit cheated that i did n't get to do anything about the last boss . 
  i worked so hard to destroy him , just so that someone else would sacrifice himself to save us . 
  and if i recall correctly that battle lasts a while . . 
  i mean oblivion was a great game . 
  but that 's just one thing i did n't really like .
