  and how to be courteous in traffic - even if it 's the same as in other countries . 
  definitely . 
  but also everyone should be informed why for example in formal situations that is not appropriate . 
  i do n't mind nudity , but it 's not always appropriate and that has nothing to do with being ashamed of your body . 
  the same as i ca n't come to work in my tracksuit , it would n't be ok to be naked at my job , even if nudity would be accepted . 
  but it should n't have to be a big deal elsewhere . 
  that 's a good thing in this case , 
  ha , see i never bothered to check :d, 
  edit : so can you tell me what it 's like ? 
  now that sounds interesting . 
  i think they just wanted to show some constructive criticism for things we take for granted , but are very rude . 
  a great example was the telemarketer joke . 
  so yeah with a big enough influence that would change the behaviour of some people . 
  well i would n't want to be responsible for another being 's suicide , but that sounds like an interesting adventure . 
  i 'd hang out with cheryl . 
  but i 'd have to work out for a while first . 
  or just get a robotic arm or something . 
  well that 's what mad max is - an action movie . 
  none of them really had any deep stories . 
  perhaps some messages about society - especially the post-apocalyptic life , struggling for water . 
  but you ca n't expect it to be too deep . 
  same with jurassic world . 
  it 's basically a family movie . 
  which means : bad/rehashed story , clean references to sex/cursing ( chris pratt did at least one ) , good/evil is clear , there is n't any grey area on morality , nothing too deep . 
  the good guys win and no one too important dies . 
  but the same as with mad max , if you expected a deep story , of course you would be disappointed . 
  it 's not like jurassic park had any big depth to it either . 
  both movies share the message of : do n't play god/with genetics . 
  the rest is poorly scripted and a lot of awesome shots of monsters ( the bike/raptors scene was very well made ) . 
  perhaps jurassic park was better , because it had a few better scenes in my opinion ( clever girl being one ) and the whole kitchen scene with the raptors . 
  maybe that 's because it was the first movie to do that and this last one , we knew what to expect . 
  edit : these are my subjective opinions , i 'm not trying to convince anyone of anything . 
  and liam neeson as qui-gon jinn was a great choice too . 
  the dynamic they had was very good and the duel of fates is the best part of the first movie for me . 
  the action , the emotion , badass sith and the music . 
  on the other hand and a completely different role for bryan cranston - malcolm in the middle . 
  laughed to death . 
  is that you billy ? 
  then why is your girlfriend not amused ? 
  over what ? 
  yeah that happened to me once and i did n't even know it . 
  she just started walking really fast , while i continued at my own pace . 
  to be fair i usually listen to music when i 'm walking in my home town and i was so lost in my thoughts and music that i did n't even figure it out until she started to speed up . 
  sorry random scared girl . 
  what kind of event is a funeral boner ? 
  same with dick adjustment , turns downwards get an erection and you have to turn that fucker around . 
  just watched john wick recently . 
  so i am currently obsessed with kaleida - think and tropea . 
  not really my style either , it 's some minimalistic synth pop . 
  but it fit the movie so well , i instantly liked it . 
  i think it is n't all that light hearted , i mean the episode when stanley gets a heart attack because of dwight . 
  only at the end when stanley starts laughing does it get light hearted . 
  but yeah that episode took cringe to a whole new level . 
  not sure which fighter/fighters , but there are a few fatalities , where fighters lose all their limbs , while still alive . 
  i think that 's the worst ones . 
  then again rain has a funny one with the bubble and the other fighter exploding . 
  if i had to die due to a fatality , i would choose this one . 
  the quick time events ones are pretty brutal yeah . 
  yup , experienced a lot at first , had to get used to a bit of the new gameplay , i 've seen some shit :d, 
  edit : a word . 
  can i change the rules too ? 
  because redistributing wealth without changing the way the economy works is a very dangerous thing . 
  i would mostly try to cut on the war industry . 
  make it non profitable and help find countries that make a lot of money through war another way of making money . 
  i would also end this extreme production of everything we have . 
  because a lot of products get discarded - food , cars , computers etc. 
  or if it had to continue , find a way to let the ones that are not used , be used for charity or i do n't know somewhere where it can do good . 
  but that would mean a big loss for the companies . 
  i would have to see a lot of companies from an economic point of view first . 
  you mean twelve hours ? 
  sorry made a mistake , the extended versions are 10 hours all together . 
  it confused me as you wrote lotr and talked about the books as a multiple , that 's why the three hours felt strange . 
  but yeah , if you do n't want a lot of content from middle earth , movies are lighter on lore ( even if a bit wrong ) . 
  also the `` queen of 9gag '' posts . . first it was emma watson , then there was natalie dormer . 
  while both are beautiful women , i cringe when seeing posts like that . 
  well i used to , have n't been on 9gag for a long while . 
  did they not see your bag ? 
  if they have seen it , then they have no reason to give you a death stare . 
  if anything you could tell them to go away . 
  no ding ? 
  or discontent for the show . 
  not sure about the window.height , but that picture is definitely overused . 
  actualy both . 
  sometimes girls would be throwing themselves at a woman too . 
  you know , i would go lesbian for this one or stuff like that . 
  more a bug than a feature i 'd say . 
  good point . 
  you are korben dallas ? 
  that happens to me with the room sometimes . 
  i get it in my head and all the bad lines start pouring out , i begin to laugh and my girlfriend just looks at me as if i have lost my mind . 
  i see it another way . 
  my so is the one person that should always be truthful to me . 
  not in the way that she would have to tell me everything . 
  but if something is wrong and she needs help or just vent , i 'm always there for her . 
  even if she is at her worst - i 'm there to help in any way i can . 
  and i expect the same in return . 
  so as long as she is n't abusing that , i 'm fine with seeing her at her worst and vice versa . 
  i feel that is essential to a relationship . 
  that 's a good question actually . 
  i ca n't really answer .
