  i mean sure death is n't a funny thing . 
  but this movie was hillarious . 
  it was dark humour , but still very funny . 
  i mean the ending dialogue was very funny and malkovich being pissed off all the time was funny to watch . 
  but he was n't even trying to save himself , that 's the point . 
  and they picked a great poem for him to read at his end . 
  and the final confrontation was worth it . 
  do they deal with murder scenes in mmo 's ? 
  that itchy spot on my back . 
  someone said on live tv that those are used to make the population gay . 
  like they put some hormones or hormone blockers in it , i could n't hear the whole sentence since i started laughing too loud . 
  that 's actually very ironic , a tv show is in no way realistic , yet people take facts from them as if they were real . 
  they are doing the same thing that gamers are supposedly doing . 
  only their medium is less interactive . 
  also does that mean i can do warlock magic ? 
  i mean my warlock is lvl 100 and i 'm trying to use my affliction powers irl but i guess i 'm just not there yet . 
  yeah you have to find the pornography you really like , then you can enjoy it . 
  but seriously , i 'm not relying on women being as they are in movies or on tv shows and that includes pornography . 
  it 's all acted you know . 
  i 'll take sex with a real woman over pornography any day . 
  and i 'd say the opposite it makes me less lustful in the end . 
  i 'm not hornier because there is porn . 
  i enjoy porn , because i am horny . 
  one can differentiate between real life and fiction . 
  looks like someone has been ganking all these characters !, 
  looks like we 're going to have to * puts on sunglasses * yank him out . 
  yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh !, 
  also makes me sad that they were even given exposure on tv . 
  let smart people talk and the dumb ones can go stand in a corner and shut the hell up . 
  hahaha , good one . 
  and everyone that ever died has been breathing at some point in their life , so we should all just like stop or something . 
  so to get out of jury duty you can get yourself a catchphrase and put your sun glasses on dramatically while standing at a sideways angle ? 
  wow . 
  but to be fair the military fiddled with a lot of weird ideas . 
  lol that code was html . 
  getting mexicans to do their dirty work huh ? 
  i should turn into the undead then . 
  interesting . 
  we do n't really have jury duty ( that i 'd know of ) , i was in a way asking out of curiosity . 
  but why do people want to get out of it so much ? 
  yey , i only have three , so i 'm good . 
  that i 'm depressed because i do n't listen to `` happy '' music . 
  i like rock ( porcupine tree , tool , ddt ... ) and metal ( not folk metal though ) and people seem to think i must be angry or sad . 
  it 's just my kind of music . 
  also , i do not sacrifice goats every fortnight to our great lord satan . 
  got ta do it right and do it every week . 
  the second thing is , that because i 'm a programmer , i can fix any electronics . 
  i mean , i work with databases and . net and suddenly when any machine stops functioning properly it 's me they ask what went wrong . 
  and when i say that i do n't have a clue , it 's always : `` i , thought you were more of a technical kind of person . '', 
  i am , but only for computers and guitars . 
  opeth 's cover of soldier of fortune ( deep purple ) . 
  mikael just has such a beautiful voice . 
  also cynic - king of those who know . 
  could it have been a behavioural sample he picked up from his parents or something he has seen on tv and his parents did n't even know so they could n't put it into context ? 
  i mean at that age it 's mostly monkey see , monkey do . 
  i 'm not defending his actions or trying to say that punishing him was a bad thing , but i do n't think he came up with that one on his own . 
  edit : added a sentence . 
  even if it 's someone you knew . . 
  i 'd have to be on good terms with them to let them touch my ass . 
  that and the overall marketing . 
  i like minions . 
  but i hate the fact that they put them everywhere - commercials , toys everywhere , quotes that are supposedly edgy , those short videos that got out of hand ( some were good , but there are too many ) . 
  same thing happened to the penguins from madagascar . 
  well it 's a good idea , if you can pull it off . 
  the current status is 4 upvotes , so i guess not a joke . 
  but do n't ride on my ass while i 'm waiting for the opportunity to move to the right lane . 
  once had a driver tailgate , flash lights but if he would have looked on the right side , he would see that me going right , would have meant me crashing into another car . 
  i do agree that i should move away if this person wants to go faster , but his tunnel vision was the problem . 
  someone tailgating me and then flashing his lights to signal me to go faster . 
  dude you just blinded me , you 're lucky i did n't fucking stop the car . 
  i do n't mind someone flashing his lights from a distance or from the opposite direction . 
  but when you 're riding my ass and flash your lights - fuck you , i get blinded by all my mirrors . 
  ok , i can understand that . 
  if it makes you feel any better you are not alone in the i wan na stay at home and enjoy myself department . 
  i have tomorrow night planned to stay at home , drink wine , snack on whatever i have and play stacraft . 
  maybe watch some tv too . 
  people just need time for themselves sometimes . 
  chickan , good !, 
  i thank fb for this feature . 
  you can easily identify the morons . 
  i see obelisks too . 
  man she sounds like lava . 
  step on the floor once and you die . 
  this is like watching tcp connection establish , just that ack is how much money you should send . 
  nah man , everyone knows there are potatoes in computers . 
  well you can always keep your phone on speaker so it 's hands-free . 
  one hand on the mouse , the other on the rooster and you have yourself a good call . 
  not sure why you got downvoted . 
  if an animal would attack me i would n't abuse it , but hurt it if i had to in order to defend myself . 
  i mean it 's kill or be killed , fuck that i want to live . 
  yeah , no one does that in college . 
  too much money involved in that . 
  and people that go to college usually want to learn . 
  unless someone is forcing them and that is a different situation all together . 
  how can you be two signs at once ? 
  were you like born twice or something ? 
  that dot at the end of super scripted text made me question my monitor quality for a few seconds . 
  i even tried to wipe it off . 
  i prefer war in my rpg games . 
  well the change in technology made them change the style .
