  the depth of human depravity . 
  it 's op 's mom we 're after . 
  or in front , whichever position suits her . 
  full of holes ? 
  a little bit of a belly - no . 
  morbidly obese belly ? 
  yes . 
  really depends on how big the belly is . 
  i do n't mind if a girl is round . 
  i would date her . 
  but if you could lose a sword in there ... no thanks . 
  i 'm not what you would call the most intelligent , but i get lost in my world , i really know how to keep myself busy , so i just forget about my hair sometimes . 
  as long as it 's not on my face , i do n't really think about it . 
  whenever she feels like . 
  same goes for guys . 
  when i reflected on my actions a few moments after i started doing said actions . 
  or is it his clone ? 
  sounds like a hot place , is it close to chile ? 
  songs from the spirit of the roots . 
  the gladiator , the fountain , the lord of the rings : fellowship , seven pounds , the road , the matrix ( pretty much all three ) , equilibrium , saving private ryan . 
  that will always be a better love story than most so called romantic movies . 
  are you fed up with this wrlrlr ? 
  edit : after seeing your username , how excited are you for the new doom ? 
  because more than with socialism , people connect it with peace . 
  and i think most people like peace . 
  well to be fair , governments are comprised of people . 
  and it is not that simple , sadly it never is . 
  you must account for all the time he was in the franchise , which is more than daisy and john combined . 
  he already has a legacy with star wars . 
  bingo , requiring and allowing is the major difference here . 
  porcupine tree - the incident . 
  katatonia - brave . 
  it 's about loss . 
  i 've experienced a lot of it . 
  that . 
  do you own all your girlfriends money ? 
  what day is it ? 
  / r/shittyaskscience is leaking . 
  but to be fair and answer your question . 
  i guess they used some sort of device to illuminate their path . 
  thus emerged the order of the illuminati . 
  and the power of the illuminati resigns within each and every one of us , you just have to discover how to use it . 
  that is if they do n't discover you first . 
  sometimes . 
  sometimes it 's because they genuinely need help . 
  sometimes i just want to feel like a human being . 
  sometimes i just want to avoid certain things and resort to making people laugh , if that counts . 
  you dropped this : \\ \\, 
  steven wilson - happy returns . 
  describes the way i feel in this time in my life . 
  because in reality , everyone has to survive . 
  because i think it 's arrogant to believe that we are the best there is . 
  someone that is better , more evolved than us most likely exists . 
  and i interpret the term god as someone who is completely op to humans . 
  it 's quite the inverse for me . 
  i did n't know any other series at the time when friends were on tv . 
  but with the internet i found a lot funnier ones . 
  i 'm not saying friends is an awful tv show , but i find others better . 
  the first one is so awesome . 
  brian blessed is so perfect for his role . 
  not taking promotions at her job , since it would require her to travel a lot and she could n't leave three kids alone at home , not after their father died . 
  how wide is your shower drain ? 
  him an the actress that plays the queen are just so well put together . 
  i do n't like modern family . 
  not my kind of humour . 
  sure it has some great jokes , but mostly hit and miss . 
  that is in my opinion of course . 
  and i do n't like the feel good endings . 
  but i do enjoy the lack of the laugh track . 
  that 's a big plus for the show . 
  i meant we as in this planet , that involves cockroaches , rats , pigeons and every thing that exists . 
  maybe instead of humans , i should have written living beings on this earth . 
  who is at the top of the evolutionary chain ? 
  well of course , everyone has their own taste . 
  i prefer dark comedy to overacting . 
  and american comedy series are mostly overacting . 
  of course not all of them , but friends , seinfeld , modern family , the office etc. 
  i find british humour more to my liking . 
  it can be dark , crude and does n't always have to end well , like in blackadder , my family , the office etc. 
  thank you , i will . 
  it 's ok , i do n't mind karma . 
  as long as i get different opinions and a new perspective on whatever is getting discussed . 
  do you not like wilson 's solo albums ? 
  i agree . 
  but he has lately been active mostly on his solo career - writing and touring . 
  might be a double play on words , given that ned broke his oath to his wife and the result was jon snow , who conveniently got his second birth at the end of the last episode . 
  metaphorical birth ( rebirth ) that is . 
  leaving me to row endlessly and forget my plot ? 
  at least timmy fucking lived . 
  while it has a story it 's not really that good . 
  i mean , i still take doom 3 as a mindless action oriented fps with atmosphere and obviously slower pacing than the first two . 
  well there really are just two options : any way that is quick . 
  so i would n't know it even happened , no pain . 
  if it has to be slow then either dying of old age/disease after living a long life ( about 80-ish would be ok ) . 
  or asphyxiation/drowning . 
  i do n't want any physical trauma as that hurts too much . 
  i 'm sure not being able to breathe is not comfortable , but i 'll take that over physical pain any time . 
  what if hodor is n't brain damaged , he just saw too much ( toj ? ), 
  and then when bran tells jon everything hodor will just go : `` oh for fuck 's sake , i 've been blabbering out my name ever since then to keep it a secret and now you 've gone and told him . '', 
  i read the last line with a heavy french accent so it rhymes .
