  i see now . 
  it did n't have that much negative effect on me . 
  because the father-son relationship overshadowed everything else . 
  it did bring on a different kind of darkness - i will never have that relationship and i took all the horrible stuff that happened along just as a setting that serves to present and strain it . 
  because sometimes they disagreed and had to make a compromise , sometimes they did n't have time to decide and the father just did what he thought was right and so on . 
  it did take me to an unhealthy place for a few days , but i 'm usually good at supressing feelings if i 'm not alone . 
  but there was a lot of crying when i was alone . 
  exactly . 
  there are no characters that have super powers or an attribute turned up to 11 . 
  it did n't ruin it for me . 
  they both knew that somewhere there was [ salvation - people who do n't eat other people in this case . ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  and the man taught his son to carry the fire with him , he prepared him for the remainder of his life . 
  i think it was a very good symbol , as parents can only do so much for you . 
  i watched the movie . 
  also has a few very horrible scenes . 
  but have not yet read the book . 
  would probably be hard to follow . 
  agreed . 
  i mean besides all the inside jokes within his head , there would be a ton of easter eggs . 
  yes , that is the one . 
  one of my favorites definitely . 
  pretty much for the reasons you wrote . 
  i mean it does n't have a too difficult or decorated vocabulary as for instance edgar allan poe/lovecraft . 
  but it would n't suit the narrative . 
  also does n't linger on descriptions of the environment for too long like tolkien does ( which i like about him ) , but again it would n't suit the story , to describe the whole country . 
  limiting our perspective to that of the boy and his father works very well . 
  and not even giving them names ... that was a good move by the author . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi2uetfyybe ), 
  for me the decline in quality started at season 4 . 
  first few parts are ok , but then when kelso/jackie drama starts ... just goes downhill . 
  new laurie , hyde and his stripper wife , brooke shields ... when midge comes back it gets better . 
  but then it 's time for season 8 . 
  i mean they did all they could and there are some funny parts , but it mostly sucks . 
  in my opinion this is the best part of season 8 :, 
  [ bob argues with fatso the clown ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njmhpolerlo ) . 
  yeah if i look back at the whole season it was still good . 
  but about two or three episodes are horrible . 
  the black cat , the pit and the pendulum - edgar allan poe, 
  the call of cthulu , herbert west - reanimator , at the mountains of madness - h.p. 
  lovecraft . 
  reddit is my time machine . 
  i go on when i come home from work - five minutes later and it 's four in the morning . 
  so your smithing is about 50 ? 
  that 's still a lot of iron daggers to go . 
  i preferred ed harris in that one . 
  jude law is n't a bad actor , but i find ed way better . 
  especially considering the role he had in the movie . 
  given that it could be a metaphor for the war - given that was where tolkien took a lot of inspiration for battle scenes , i still think most characters had a way too thick plot armor . 
  enjoying myself and living . 
  instead two years were taken away due to me being stupid and let myself be used . 
  also developed quite a few issues at that time . 
  it 's getting better now , but i 'm still not the person i want to be . 
  agreed , but i think that in war no one shold have plot armor . 
  i mean anyone can die at any time in a war . 
  lord of the rings has a story and some characters must n't die in order for the story to go on . 
  i mean imagine if at a certain point aragorn would have died ... 
  he sure went out of his way to get to `` know '' people . 
  armageddon is hilarious at some points . 
  yeah , depends where the laugh track would be placed , that 's true . 
  but there are quite a few parts where it would be very appropriate . 
  that solo in sacrificed sons , goes from weird shit to cheesy in a hurry . 
  i like that contrast so much . 
  the black angels - the first vietnamese war, 
  spec ops : the line , but that heart was a heart of darkness . 
  i completely agree . 
  but as you said - tolkien overuses the plot armor . 
  it makes a story feel more like war if there is more tragedy . 
  saving private ryan has done this very well in my opinion . 
  or black hawk down too . 
  some people have plot armor , but most are not immune to at least something bad happening to them . 
  you get this large group of people and even though you invest yourself in only at most about five , there still has to be horror around them and loss . 
  loss is a very important theme in war . 
  there is n't that much loss in lotr , but you still get a huge number of characters at any given point . 
  with life of brian probably a close second . 
  most quotable but no one has a fucking idea what you are saying if you do n't have subtitles on . 
  once you go dank you never go back . 
  my free time . 
  i use a lot of it to practice guitar and read books - be they for fun or to learn . 
  well it 's different with modern war films . 
  there still is a few very horrifying things in three kings . 
  and them being opportunist enough to steal material goods from a poor country ... some pretty nasty stuff . 
  but yeah the main characters all have plot armor . 
  even though a few bad things happen to them - mark wahlberg getting shot and some torture scenes . 
  i would say no . 
  it 's just a story set in a military setting . 
  there are a few skirmishes , rather than battles . 
  the ones that have chocolate heads of the simpsons . 
  i usually eat them before the milk is hot enough to put them in . 
  well there was this exam and you had to have 50 % right to complete the course or go again next year . 
  i missed about 20 minutes of the 45 . 
  still passed though . 
  why would someone crucify you for not seeing a movie ? 
  it 's a good movie . 
  i rewatch it every now and again and still get chuckles out of it . 
  it 's their voices and faces they make that also make the movie even funnier . 
  i do n't get why anyone would do that . 
  so you have n't seen a movie , we must hate you , bring on ye pitchforks and torches , let us punish this heathen bastard !, 
  i do n't even get how people can be shocked if someone has n't seen a movie . 
  it 's not like our lives have to revolve around them . 
  do you not warm the milk before you put cereal into it ?
