  fallout 4 has great gameplay but the atmosphere and the story just is n't good enough for me to get immersed in it . 
  i still like playing it , but maybe not as much as new vegas and oblivion . 
  i would also like to add , that lately i found that i really like skyrim , with a bunch of mods . 
  survival mods to be exact ... it makes the game even better , even if i do n't really like the story that much . 
  maybe something similar happens with fallout 4 . 
  for me it 's more like . . not that i do n't like them . 
  but on some level it seems as if it 's perfectly acceptable if people are obsessed by them . 
  the movies are decent , watchable , if for nothing else at least the music . 
  but i find so many movies better , that i probably would n't watch them of my own volition . 
  so in the choice of allowing a person have an arsenal at home or ban guns altogether , you say moderation is the answer ? 
  what a mad person you are . 
  i do agree with you though . 
  i 'm hoping that they can put together the good things they lost , with the new things that they included in this one . 
  because that would make a kick ass game . 
  this one felt like a transition . 
  meh , which parent does n't get shit on by their kids ? 
  literally and metaphorically , sometimes at the same time . 
   do n't let an internet stranger explain to your family why you 're gone . 
  that was my greatest fear when i was in that state . 
  that people would blame themselves , so i vowed , if i ever really go through with it , i 'm going to write something saying that it was all my fault , my choice . 
  that when i got that far into it that nothing would have helped me . 
  i mean at some point you decide to disregard the help of others . 
  but then i found something that has helped me , so i never did it . 
  lizard man , lizard man and lizard man . 
  that i grew up without a parent . 
  since usually talk about family comes up when you meet someone new . 
  i 'm always such a fucking downer at such times . 
  it 's very awkward if i 'm in a group of people . 
  it 's not like it bothers me to talk about it , but other people seem to be bothered usually , so it makes me uncomfortable . 
  edit : makes me extra uncomfortable if people then start asking questions as to why my other parent never remarried or found another partner . 
  as long as you live under my roof , you have to go to church . 
  to be fair , i do n't mind christianity and sometimes i would go to church just to hear the choir sing . 
  it was beautiful . 
  but that was the only reason i wanted to go . 
  all the rest just does n't do anything for me . 
  and to a certain age , i can understand why it was so , but if would live there now , the same rule would apply , which feels dumb to me . 
  why would i ? 
  steven wilson - hand . 
  can not . 
  and insurgentes . 
  i mean , i know he would destroy everything and such , but his appearance just seems so magnificent , it would be worth going crazy just to look upon it once . 
  or any other ancient one in lovecraft 's mythos . 
  i 'm fascinated by beings like that . 
  bigfin squid also seems interesting to me and that thing exists . 
  which ones do n't you like of the albums i mentioned ? 
  that would work too , but i would prefer to see the big kahuna and lose all of my mind . 
  well if i could go insane by degrees , that would be nice , but in the books once you see something like that , you just go insane . 
  so if i have to choose one it 's cthulu . 
  or shub-niggurath . 
  you should have protected your knees . 
  i think you are right , i never remember how to spell it . 
  it 's a sweet part indeed . 
   caption america : the first avenger, 
  i know it 's a typo , but this sounds like the hero dank memes deserve . 
  well i enjoyed cod : mw and mw2 . 
  it was fun to play and i liked the music . 
  the story was n't the best , but it was n't completely bad either . 
  like playing an action movie - but you get to die a few times . 
  mw3 - just so that it completes the story , otherwise i deem it the weakest of all three . 
  as for mp - if you have the right group of people , it can be fun ( nny ) . 
  as for the ww2 cod 's - i do n't know i like ww2 weaponry and it was interesting to play . 
  have n't played anything since mw3 . 
  i would always start poor and single . 
  try to build up as much as i can - get a great job , great at a skill , work from home , depends on the aspiration . 
  get a mate , make a big family and when we had too much money and were well off , just kill everyone . 
  that kept me going for a week or two , then i uninstalled the game usually . 
  matter of taste , i liked the puzzles , i liked glados , i liked wheatley , i liked the songs too . 
  doing any same thing for a day would make it boring for me . 
  i mean , i need some variety in my day , same goes for gaming . 
  are you a cheeki breeki bandit ? 
  well i know what i 'm doing this evening . 
  yeah that is true . 
  and the sp campaigns can be very short . 
  then again i never played on veteran , hardened was the toughest i went for and got frustrated at certain missions ( the one after all ghillied up for example . . ) . 
  yeah sp is more like watching an action movie , while mp has a bit of progression for your character . 
  i like it as a mindless pop-corn shooting game . 
  it 's great every now and then . 
  because for example mass effect has a great story line and a very interesting game play - up until those last few minutes of the last one . 
  but i do n't want to go through endless dialogues and fighting and all that thinking - sometimes i just want to be thrown into a war zone and shoot without asking questions . 
  i too have accumulated quite a few games in all my years of gaming . 
  but a lot of them are just waiting to be played . 
  nah , if i have to make myself play something , i 'm not going to have a good time . 
  it 's entertainment for me , if i want it i do it , otherwise it 's not going to be good . 
  yeah sure i have a lot of things to do besides gaming . 
  but we are talking about video games here . 
  and my original point was that doing anything for a whole day will make it tedious , even if sometimes necessary - like preparing for a gig and rehearsing songs so many times you are sick of them . 
  that 's when you know you will do well . 
  because it 's a completely different thing playing in front of people and rehearsing at home . 
  cereal in mouth and suck as if your life depends on it . 
  coffee . 
  i do n't mind giving up alcohol , there is alcohol free beer - so i do n't lose it 's taste with giving up alcohol . 
  wine is great too , but coffee is better . 
  oh , yeah i did not catch that . 
  yes that is true . 
  but does n't that mean that sooner or later the whole neighbourhood is related ? 
  what happened in 2007 ? 
  i agree , mw3 is ok and it rounds up the story . 
  so i usually go through all three , but the third one feels like a bit of a chore at the end . 
  i just hope that people know the difference between cow and bull . 
  wait what exactly ?
