  any terrible one liner would do , since i would prefer you choosing the other person . 
  sonic attack . 
  i usually get diagnosed with connection problems . 
  or a circumcision done all too well . 
  i also prefer to fap in private . 
  and now i 'm thinking of a drive by with a carriage . 
  is that like hillbillies but underwater ? 
  so three gunners and one driver ? 
  thanks for the offer , really kind of you , but i 'm ok . 
  i just think it 's easier for me to be sacrificed than living with another person dying so i could live . 
  i 'm ( b ) ryan . 
  i had a portable cd-player where i would put on music and in my head i was doing a cool slow-motion walk - reservoir dogs kind of thing . 
  in real life i got yelled at for walking too slow . 
  i was just trying to be cool dammit !, 
  just mute it . 
  then all you are left with are the walking tits . 
  i mean it 's not like you 're missing anything if you do n't hear their annoying voices and bad jokes . 
  but if you can lip-read then you 're boned . 
  charlie and jon were collaborating way before two and a half men existed . 
  and also ryan stiles , who plays herbert - the new husband of alan 's ex . 
  they were in hot shots and hot shots 2 ( not sure about jon , but ryan and charlie were in both ) . 
  and hot chicks . 
  well to be fair , ashton kutcher has a different style of acting and he fit well into the group with that 70 's show . 
  but here with charlie gone , he was n't a good replacement in any way . 
  i mean if they tried to make him exactly like charlie - that would be wrong , he is a different person . 
  if not . . the dynamic of the group changes . 
  sometimes it can be good , not in this case . 
  sounds like a mass orgy to me . 
  brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr yeah !, 
  i 'm fed up with this wrlrlrlrlr . 
  that 's why i prefer to keep my skeleton in the endo fashion . 
  i do n't mind the concept of not existing - maybe because i ca n't grasp it and my natural response to something i do n't understand is curiosity . 
  i mean , i wo n't be killing myself to figure out what it 's like to not exist , but sometimes i think about it and it 's interesting . 
  i am however terrified of my path to there , to that moment of death . 
  i mean if i 'm lucky it will happen fast , i wo n't even see it coming and maybe feel a second of pain and then it 's over . 
  if i 'm unlucky there is a bunch of awful ways to die i can think of . 
  that 's what terrifies me most . 
  to be dying for a long time in intense agony . 
  but if it was a tie , he did n't get what he deserved . 
  also technically accurate , the best kind of accurate . 
  mrs. robinson are you trying to seduce me ? 
  even if we plan this for a few years , they will make us fumble and destroy everything with dumb luck in a few hours . 
  also : lmao . 
  we would go bye quickly indeed . 
  response : * machine gun fire * you may sod off in pieces . 
  i would be more specific than that . 
  that could mean that all of them went off . 
  just us ? 
  that would be bad news . 
  all armies disbanded would be even better . 
  carrier has arrived . 
  that would be good news indeed . 
  shows that hulk exists and we get rid of nuclear weapons . 
  a double ayy ? 
  bless this day ^ ( lmao ), 
  but in my sleep i dream . 
  when i die my neurons will stop sending information . 
  i 've had a dreamless sleep before , but i knew i was sleeping just because i woke up . 
  i wo n't be thinking to myself : `` oh , i 'm dead now '' . 
  pretty much the same as i never think to myself : `` oh , i 'm sleeping now '' , not without dreaming . 
  unless there is another plane of existence where i will be able to sense that i am dead . 
  it 's like schrodinger and his cat . 
  you need an outside observer . 
  that 's why i ca n't grasp it , since in the event of my death , i ca n't be the outside observer , being dead and all - and disregarding the possibility of an afterlife . 
  a dog 's job - kept as a pet by a good owner . 
  just lay in the shade , sniff ass and do nothing . 
  you have no concept of time , no concept of duty , no concept of shame either . 
  just do n't run in front of a truck and you 're golden . 
  i was emphasizing your point . 
  they have collaborated before so maybe they had a better chemistry . 
  ashton just got dropped into the series . 
  surely he had time to meet everyone , but if you work with someone since the 90 's , that 's a bit different . 
  i agree . 
  people do n't listen to you while you are explaining to them what to do and what not to . 
  and after something goes wrong , it 's usually your fault , even though you made it abundantly clear that they should n't have done that . 
  not every case is like that of course , but far too many . 
  nah , nothing that exciting . 
  programmer - explaining how the application works and what not to do or something to be careful with for example : deleting or overwriting files . 
  told someone that what he is doing is going to overwrite his current project in two seconds he had done so and lost all his work . 
  of course it was my fault . 
  je fa-fa ^ ( dot com ), 
   the truth do n't lie . 
  also pain do n't hurt . 
  the feeling of what exactly ? 
  well ever since that guy interrupted his groove he had to get a new one . 
  cannibal corpse - i cum blood, 
  on one hand it would be the worst , on the other hand , i would be impressed if she could keep up with the tempo . 
  i partially agree with you . 
  but when it ends , there will be a lot of chaos in the world . 
  that 's not something i wish for . 
  haha - nature blowey , good one . 
  but that only works in the warmer months . 
  i mean in the winter it 's more like cutting the tip of your willy with a razor blade . 
  mosquitoes or diseases carried by them ? 
  first of all i was n't defending anyone . 
  it may seem like it , but i 'm not . 
  and no it is n't even remotely the same . 
  i was just curious if there is any substance that mosquitoes might have other than the diseases they pick up from random carriers , be it human or other animals . 
  i do n't really know the species of mosquitoes and there might just exist an exotic sort that has something special about them . 
  you do n't kill anyone by standing behind them , yelling : `` bang !,
