  those are perfectly ok . 
  but actually considering cheating for too long shows a dissatisfaction with a partner , that one has to share with them and try to fix it if they really care . 
  as for the second one - i would n't mind knowing that . 
  i mean in the case that the person is the same - that would cause problems . 
  if the person has honestly changed - there is no problem it 's in the past . 
  but you have to get to know that person then . 
  if you mean song written in the language of the country i 'm from , then in my opinion it would a poem that was put into music . 
  there is only accordion and a vocal in this song . 
  the accordion is usually associated with happy music such as polka an waltzes . 
  but this song is very sad . 
  it mostly talks about anxiety and alienation . 
  how we try to feel relevant in this world , but in the end we are insignificant to the world , because the world we create for ourselves falls apart sooner or later and it rejects us . 
  the song is : janez \u0161kof - ni te . 
  i really enjoy opposites . 
  bands like ne obliviscaris and opeth do those very well . 
  combining growling/screaming with clean vocals or transition between the two very quickly . 
  ca n't really explain it , but going from beautiful to horror and vice versa adds a bit of dynamic that is missing from each extreme . 
  then again i do enjoy stuff like dillinger escape plan , but just for the sake of the chaos . 
  i like chaos in my music as much as i like order . 
  got to have both . 
  what do you find so annoying with them ? 
  i have met a few people who say they like them a lot , i just do n't get the appeal . 
  but then again my music taste is all over the map . 
  just because i like metal , does n't mean i 'm elitist . 
  it also does n't mean i sacrifice goats and little children in my basement . 
  we all know that the local cemetery is the place to do it . 
  fair enough . 
  i like his angry rantings and screaming , combined with morello 's wacky guitar sounds , good bass and drums . 
  it 's like heaven to me . 
  well an angry kind of heaven . 
  i guess i 'm hallucinating from the lack of oxygen or something . 
  hunting mammoths . 
  that might be due to the fact that they are extinct . 
  op said one hour , not one lifetime . 
  steven wilson - happy returns . 
  usually makes me cry . 
  i 'd just stand between two doors and open them at random times . 
  all day . 
  both and have a threesome . 
  my brain registered four zeros instead of three . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's a sad song that hits close to home . 
  steven can make exceptionally beautiful and happy music , but also makes sad songs . 
  or songs that go from one to the other . 
  that 's the beauty of music , that it can evoke such feelings be they negative or positive . 
  you scared me !, 
  stop rocking the boat !, 
  you are making me seasick !, 
  * vomits *, 
  * farts - both laughing like morons *, 
  you da boss !, 
  i would probably just hold on to my bleeding ears . 
  depends on how close i would be to the sound . 
  for madr rassha . 
  of course he was super bummed . 
  dude 's been waiting for such a long time to make that pun and nobody laughed . 
  imagine being alone and slowly losing your mind until you start talking to yourself and discover an awesome pun , but you have to wait and wait for someone to come in order to hear it . 
  you repeat it to yourself constantly to not forget it . 
  but when the time comes , no one even gives you a smirk or even a nod of recognition . 
  dude just turns into a skeleton and that 's it . 
   melisandre tries to convince ~ ~ herself ~ ~ davos that shireen 's sacrifice made jon win, 
   the age of queens is imminent . 
  great , a bunch of guys in drag . 
  he will crash into the iron fleet and fuck up their plans . 
  the result of this is her going mad and lighting kl up with wildfire . 
  as jamie and bronn are returning , they see green fire in kl and speed up , but we are not shown what happens after until the next season . 
  music , jokes , sorrow , some knowledge on random stuff . 
  tovarish fapchev . 
  in high school a teacher was asking me questions and i got 7/8 correct and she wanted to give me a c. i got pissed off and me and the class president argued about how that is n't fair . 
  and she answered : `` well i was asking you questions worthy of a c '' . 
  then we argued a bit more about how it is n't fair that she would limit a student so , until she agreed to ask me for a b. 
  and i got the question right . 
  there are legends about backs so broken , that you can hear them straightening a mile away . 
   kill toby, 
  twice . 
  you do n't deserve me at my diddliest . 
  do n't mind if i do !, 
  did you mean bunneh ? 
  scarecrow walks at midnight . 
  once you figure out what you like , you can negate that and find completely new music . 
  she dumped me . 
  for me it 's curiosity . 
  so many fascinating things remain that i have n't even seen/experienced yet . 
  and surely there are also bad things and some days , weeks or months it seems as if all bad is happening at once , but it never lasts . 
  but with a lot of things you have to work to make it better , otherwise it will stay the same . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in my opinion it 's the opposite that 's true . 
  i love long descriptions that really set the scene . 
  and a lot of content including lovely poems and dialogue . 
  i was sure that we as the protagonists won , so i was a bit confused there . 
  but yeah handsome jack 's banter was so hilarious . 
  still is . 
  while i agree with you about the movie . 
  i just really like his character in the books . 
  he 's very special and serves very well to the building of the universe in which events are taking place . 
  as i wrote before - i love well made universes with a lot of content . 
  makes the fantasy more immersive . 
  and i get that they could n't put everything into the movies - they were long enough . 
  i do n't dislike the movies because of what they left out . 
  it was not .
