  but they are presented to us in a positive light , then when they make a mistake , we end up resenting them as in : `` how dare they not live by the impossible standards , i have in my mind '' . 
  it shatters one 's world view . 
  and it also reduces our self esteem , as we are all maybe even too aware of our own mistakes . 
  every person - even the people who do a lot of good , have made mistakes and bad things in their lives . 
  it is inevitable as live often throws hard decisions at us and we react as we deem it is right . 
  before i was born - wanted to come out of the womb at 5 months . 
  doctors had to give my mom some pills to stop labor . 
  and the opposite - when it was time for me to be born ( some placenta troubles ) - they had to speed it up . 
  and still it was about a month too soon . 
  but it was either that or risking both of our lives . 
  #loud noises, 
  yes that is actually what i 'm considering lately . 
  i mean , they were three at the beginning , then in half a year one died , now the other one ... not sure if i 'm going to continue to have rats . 
  i mean my gf and i have to talk it over . 
  then if we decide yes , he is getting two companions , otherwise he will remain alone . 
  but he is kind of territorial , has eye problems since birth and if you approach him in the wrong way , he bites very quickly . 
  so yeah , would have to be careful with introducing new rats to him . 
  that was a mistake with my first rat . 
  had her on her own , even though she was alone in the store for a long time already and was that depressed about it as this one is . 
  but it 's not that i am heart-tired from it . 
  but there is a chance , that my gf and i will move to a foreign country . 
  and that 's why we might not have pets for a while . 
  once we 're stable as to where we want to live , then we can have more pets . 
  i 'd love to keep on having rats or possibly ferrets . 
  such cute little animals . 
  it 's called mr. mojo 's rising . 
  i ca n't see it , since youtube says that powepuff girls episodes are blocked in my country . 
  but here 's the playlist anyway . 
  hope you have more luck with it . 
  [ powerpuff girls season 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=clv45f4sesbog ), 
  i would say that the other big thing that might have the same consequences is losing a parent at a young age . 
  a child also worries about things they ca n't change . 
  the other parent is sad/depressed and that also leaves a mark on a child . 
  they may not fully understand death yet and just want others to be happy , but it 's not that easy . 
  maybe not as tough as poverty , where the struggle is more constant as in - how are we going to make it through the next month/week/day . 
  yes it is . 
  my rat is sadly all alone . 
  no other animal in the house and i 'm the only human that pays attention to him . 
  well my girlfriend would , but she is in a foreign country at the moment . 
  and we 're not sure about having more rats , we have to really talk about it . 
  well , i 'm still working on my connectivity problems !, 
  persepolis , now a bile of dust !, 
  strapping young lad - you suck . 
  about the time when the guy `` forgot '' to pull out ? 
  but doing the same thing over and over gets boring . 
  and it 's your choice if you like it obviously . 
  i just meant that pretty much any artist that has such a long career as eminem does , usually either becomes stale for doing what they have done for ages or starts experimenting and then loses some fans , gains others . 
  i would like to add , that it 's one of those cartoons that is watchable even if you are an adult . 
  was it ever live and people really did that ? 
  how can raining cupcakes be a crime ? 
  we taught him wrong , as a joke . 
  jokes on you , i do n't have chest hair . 
  listen to music and create a scenario in my head to imagine some stuff . 
  like dreaming , but before i fall asleep . 
  now sometimes i listen to nice things like alcest ( lately a lot ) , movie music . 
  other times i put some cannibal corpse on ( or something similar ) and just imagine some fucked up things . 
  depends on my mood . 
  are you saying there are no bad lines on every other album he made ? 
  i agree that 's a bad one . 
  but every artist has good/bad ones in such a long career . 
  no more as in the number is high enough or no more animals ever ? 
  ah , that i can understand . 
  how are you coping with moving so much and him being away ? 
  also that 's the same reason i do n't want to have any animals for the forseeable future ... we have plans to move to a foreign country . 
  once we are stable , regarding moving elsewhere - then it 's time for more animals . 
  and i 'm thinking ferrets or rats again , they are just too cute !, 
  holy shit , i ask about a crime and you bring on the apocalypse . 
  your time will come satan . 
  yeah , sex gets so much better once you know what and how to do it . 
  but some people expect you to just know , others are ashamed to talk about it . 
  it 's really a shame that sex and kinks ( certain ones ) are such a taboo . 
  i can see this going very wrong for me . 
  i would probably fart so bad , she would n't want to get near my butt again . 
  stamina is indeed important . 
  i 'm very quiet in real life . 
  unless there 's music , then i can be the loudest idiot in the group . 
  music , video games , books , movies , symbols/easter eggs within them , concepts , why i like/don ' t like certain genres , interpretation , perception of the whole world , stupid ideas . 
  also computer stuff . 
  we 're gon na implode from all the porn and start blowing other dudes ? 
  nah , no shit would have to be involved , i just have these nasty farts sometimes . 
  my stomach is very sensitive - something i have since birth . 
  while i 'm lucky enough that i do n't get constipated or diarrhea , i do get gas . 
  not like always , but butt play is something that would stimulate my ass and i would most likely rip a big one . 
  so the douche suggestion is the solution that would probably work for the best . 
  #what are we yelling about ? 
  tell us more of the mistake !, 
  should have rehearsed with a metronome . 
  pronounce the silent d in django and you 'll piss off most people . 
  #i already witnessed it !, 
  while i partially agree , this is the problem of nostalgia . 
  pick a bad thing from the present and compare it from a great thing from the past , because you did n't remember the bad . 
  also my fault is on the second eminem album , first is infinite . 
  while i do agree that his style changed and yeah those puns are rather awful . 
  but i 'm sure he has bad songs on previous albums too . 
  not all of it . 
  quarian vs. geth always fucked me , because i made the wrong choices in me2 . 
  is n't it so that morinth shows up as a wraith in me3 ? 
  i 'd say that 's a good consequence of the choice . 
  i mean - you had to choose between someone bound to you and someone you knew that was n't reliable all that much . 
  edit : not wraith but banshee .
