  that 's just my opinion though , i 'm not disputing your taste . 
  i would like to report another bug . 
  there is an error in the word processing module . 
  it was discovered long ago by some austrian fellow . 
  he is currently spinning in his grave , since the bug he discovered is still ubiquitous in humans . 
  it caused a parsing error where instead of humanity : rise of the willed the text read as humanity : rise of the willied . 
  this in turn activated the laughing center and opened the tear duct channel on both eyes , not to mention the activation of the sonic module at a loud volume . 
  all this caused two flags to be set and those two are isashamed and isembarrased , upon which all previously activated modules shut down and the cpu began to heat extremely fast . 
  please fix this in the next version . 
  tl ; dr : had a freudian slip , laughed like a moron . 
  til i ca n't even be happy in a video game as a dragonborn bad ass . 
  i mean arcadia always says that i look sick with ataxia or something . 
  the only problem is , if i recall correctly , that sometimes animals count as witnesses . 
  i think horses and chickens , not sure about dogs though . 
  unless it makes sense story wise . 
  i remember cod 2 had a level like that . 
  you take a village and then the counter attack comes ... you slowly go back , since you ca n't hold such a force with so few . 
  yeah that makes sense . 
  for me it 's even mentioning trump in a context where he does n't belong . 
  like last night i saw the news that samurai jack is coming back . 
  and someone had to mention that his biggest opponent should be trump ( the whole unspeakable evil that is aku and so on , trump being worse than that ) . 
  and i was thinking ... this is happy news . 
  a beloved animated series is returning and you have to mention trump on it . 
  i hate that about our culture . 
  we have to mention people we hate everywhere . 
  before it was justin bieber or rebecca black or the kardashians or whoever the fuck was hated at the time . 
  unless someone wants to really debate , then sure mention them all you want . 
  and i like memes but this is just giving exposure to idiots and not the ones that should really have it . 
  it might be hypocritical of me doing the same in this comment . 
  i agree with what you wrote . 
  but i never hated lance armstrong . 
  then again , i never really liked him either . 
  he was good , i ca n't deny that . 
  but i never was ecstatic about him like some people i know . 
  and they were the ones that made me have some distance with the whole thing . 
  so obsessed , quoting his book at almost every turn and so on . 
  after the downfall it was like their world shattered . 
  it 's a very common phenomenon for quite some time . 
  people get idolized ... we find out they are only human . . then they get vilified . 
  and do n't get me wrong i can understand that , because they were put up on a pedestal and people seem to need idols to keep themselves motivated , which is strange to say the least . 
  that 's why i like george carlin starting his special : it 's bad for ya with : `` fuck lance armstrong . '', 
  not because of lance . 
  because george then continues on to say , how he does n't like having idols shoved in his face , which i completely agree with , lance just happened to be the go to guy at the time . 
  what was the second time he fell ? 
  in the latin vulgate , lucifer can also translate to the morning star . 
  so lucifer morningstar is basically the moon moon of hell . 
  well that 's weird . 
  why would he do that ? 
  but frodo baggins was 50 years old before he even left the shire ? 
  your ygolohcysp is n't going to work on us !, 
  lately there are two songs i keep going back to , because they hit the spot . 
  first : melanie safka - ruby tuesday cover . 
  she just makes it sound more intimate and her voice is lovely . 
  i heard the song a lot of times in it 's original rendition , but when i heard her sing the part :, 
  `` lose your dream and you might lose your mind . '', 
  it just hit me so hard . 
  second : steven wilson - happy returns . 
  i 'd love to tell you i 've been busy , but that would be a lie . 
  because the truth is , the years just pass like trains , i wave but they wo n't slow down . 
  oh god the 90 's are back !, 
  nooooooooooooooooo !, 
  hank : jesus marie , they 're minerals !, 
  i 'm not disputing the ability of the actor . 
  but with only having the book in mind and taking into account that elijah wood was rather young in deep impact , i ca n't understand how one could say he would make a good frodo . 
  while i disagree that frodo in lotr was great , the actor did a great job . 
  the script was flawed regarding frodo . 
  well not completely but there are some parts that i ca n't get past . 
  what about mosquitoes ? 
  at least most spiders ca n't really bite you . 
  you are lucky . 
  i 'll take spiders over mosquitoes any day . 
  just a big web on the ceiling or over a window in the summer and we can have a symbiotic relationship with the spider ( s ) . 
  basically it translates to the war of all against all . 
  the song has that kind of a feeling to it too . 
  a very strong contender is also i am the wrath of gods and the desolation of earth . 
  graphics so shitty , you read the title of the game wrong . 
  but yeah i agree . 
  postal 2 has shitty graphics , but it 's very entertaining . 
  give it to us raw and uspoiled . 
  keep nasty chips . 
  the lotus eater or hessian peel . 
  is that similar to waking up dead ? 
   what am i saying, 
  nazeem is everywhere !, 
  i hope these are made of free range daedra . 
  mass effect 3 - kai len on insanity . 
  until i figured out how to combine powers of all three squad members . 
  me dying in some way . 
  sometimes suicide , sometimes others kill me . 
  take a chance on possible cure . 
  get out of here stalker ? 
  metro ... well i hope the dark ones do n't get me . 
  but if you leave the battlefield , you die right ? 
  also money . 
  smoking hot nuns ? 
  you could get a fast moving vehicle and just stick to the sidelines or something ? 
  do n't know that show . 
  it 's a blackadder reference . 
  the whole 25 album is great to listen to . 
  if i recall correctly it 's a compilation of their best songs .
