  the dillinger escape plan ( feat . 
  mike patton ) - hollywood squares . 
  it would be completely unreal . 
  on a calmer side blackfield - end of the world , where is my love . 
  depends on the show and how long it is . 
  for example - supernatural has 45-60 minutes long episodes and about 22 per season and 10 seasons . 
  that 's too much for me to binge watch . 
  same goes for stargate sg-1 and atlantis . 
  universe is shorter , so that one would work . 
  house is also one of those series i ca n't binge . 
  it 's pretty much the same format for 8 seasons with too many episodes and are too long to binge . 
  now metalocalypse i can binge , 10 minutes and 22 parts per season that 's awesome . 
  i also did binge the wire , but that one was just so interesting that i did n't get bored in the middle . 
  it also changes enough to remain fresh at least for me . 
  so more of a historic thing , rather than gothic romance ? 
  i read that as hitlers wonder and then the title confused me . 
  but a great description though , i would surely watch that . 
  do bears also have to pay for honey ? 
  but enough of us - humans that is , play into the hands of the media for them to not just get views , they also make a profit off of that . 
  that tells me more about the watcher , than the media . 
  i was referring to his/her username . 
  but i think that / u/nomomoneynomohoney is referring to the people who really just see money . 
  i mean , sure we all have to survive and everything has a price as you have written , but a lot of people go completely overboard on this . 
  i am one of those people - i have a cd collection for no other purpose than to support the artist and have them in my cupboard . 
  that is pretty much selfish , since i could have used that money to help the poor or something . 
  i can understand that . 
  while i also like dracula , since it 's the ultimate romantic movie in my opinion , i would not mind seeing a movie that explains where the myth came from . 
  well animals obviously love themselves and they also eat or kill other animals . 
  i do n't like the fact that it 's become an industry , but i 'm not a hunter either . 
  so that makes it easier for me to get food . 
  of course it is . 
  but it 's the very nature you mentioned that has made the state of the media as it is possible/profitable . 
  well to be fair i do n't know . 
  but putting so many people on spikes , drinking blood and all that is too cruel for me . 
  i get that keeping people at bay is what he wanted , but at what price ? 
  judging by the last one , they would probably crash every vehicle they would get in , so they would crash into earth - roswell was race 007 ? 
  to be fair , neither of these options sound to good to me . 
  edit : but i see your point . 
  but why is it easy to manipulate people into finding it compelling ? 
  do we really live such empty lives that we are obsessed with people arguing on the tv ? 
  that is still the fault of our nature . 
  we take what we get , not what we really want . 
  mostly when i criticise movies or series , others start bitching about how picky i am , that i should be happy that it was even made etc. 
  that 's our nature that is at fault . 
  i mean , if we always settle for what we are offered , where does it stop ? 
  how low will we go ? 
  but it 's not the same . 
  i understand the technique they use and i agree with you about that . 
  but you have to reflect on what grabs your attention . 
  maybe you figure out that it may not be good for you , even if you are drawn to it . 
  it 's not like you ca n't think about what you have seen . 
  no one is forced to consume . 
  we are drawn to it , but in the end you can see if it was good or not . 
  you can decide not to watch it any more . 
  it 's definitely not the same as physical addiction to drugs . 
  and i have also had to have stitches four times and would prefer the former to the latter . 
  edit : but if i had to choose how to die , a quick death is always favorable obviously . 
  i do n't want to feel a thing . 
  get to the spotlight then . 
  hahaha , i always like it when con people call and it turns out they have the wrong information . 
  it 's good to waste their time by dicking them around . 
  also those people that sell perfumes in stores and just spray you with it even if you do n't show any interest in it . 
  the ones you like . 
  i 'm sorry about calling you an inanimate fucking object , i was upset . 
  alley cat . 
  steven wilson - anesthetize . 
  edit : actually it 's porcupine tree . 
  it was hard . 
  even the easiest level was what i would call medium difficulty for today 's platform games . 
  to be fair i do n't often meet someone who does this . 
  but every now and then some wise guy misunderstands and thinks that i am interested or is an asshole and just sprays . 
  and now for something completely different : the sky moves sideways pt . 
  wondering about someone 's thought process . 
  i would n't want that as in that is my wish . 
  but i would not mind , that would be her choice . 
  #songs for the deaf, 
  at the moment : dillinger escape plan - calculating infinity . 
  watching my loved ones continue to die around me . 
  i mean there were quite a few that have already gone , i 'm not sure i can take much more of that . 
  maybe i wo n't live too long . 
  music cd 's / dvd 's and books . 
  i also listen/watch/read frequently . 
  internet and tv , traffic news on radio . 
  have you ever been mistaken for a man ? 
  death or evolution ( artificial or natural ) . 
  pacific rim . 
  get over her , enjoy your life and whatever happens , happens . 
  you 'll get another one in the course of your life . 
  do what makes you happy and what you need to survive . 
  i know it 's bad but do n't throw your life away , do n't give up . 
  go on , try hard and things will get better . 
  rub your eyes for the full effect . 
  me too . 
  is it the french girls you like ? 
  i 'd like to ass you a few questions . 
  start masturbating . 
  clip the apex accept instruction - dillinger escape plan, 
  you threw off my groove !, 
  tool - schism . 
  dumped her and then made out with a new girl the next day .
