  for example , i do n't see my gf asking me how she looks or where to eat as a trap , because we do n't have problems with honesty regarding these questions . 
  but some people do . 
  the only `` traps '' she lays is sometimes asking me what i like or look forward to , so she can have ideas for my gifts . 
  fell for that one a few times , but now i know and start to predict what she will get me . 
  we treat it as a game . 
  depends on both of them actually . 
  tiny penis , pizza eater and on reddit . 
  you hit the evolutionary trifecta there . 
  i got the clap just thinking about it . 
  nothing . 
  if i were a god , i would not reveal my own existence , since facing your creator would negate the point of religion . 
  turkey time ... gobble gobble . 
  i disagree , his wit was not the highlight . 
  at least not for me . 
  the chemistry between characters was important to me and sometimes you could see they were just having a lot of fun ( like stephen fry and rowan atkinson constantly hitting hugh laurie in one episode ) . 
  or the seven most evil people in the kingdom . 
  in that episode , everyone was just having a laugh . 
  the conclusion was fitting , given all those references to shakespeare . 
  is psychology not science ? 
  for dinner . 
  cannibal corpse - hammer smashed face, 
  the lyrics are indeed about smashing some person 's face in with a hammer . 
  depends on the magnitude of people listening . 
  i prefer to keep a few close friends and share with them when i need to . 
  there are a lot of things i keep to myself and i manage to make it work . 
  but then again i am an independent person , always had to be . 
  sure sometimes it feels very good just to vent to someone or share concerns , seek advice . 
  but that 's a last resort for me . 
  what do you mean by respecting a country ? 
  because there are aspects of my own country i really like and some aspects that must change before i can say i respect that part of the country . 
  their loss . 
  i got lost in the world and how well it was built . 
  the daniel-day lewis lincoln ? 
  i have n't seen it , but i imagine it would be good , given the cast . 
  why ? 
  what did you not like about it ? 
  japanese or american version ? 
  i fell asleep watching the american one . 
  i could n't sleep after i watched the japanese version . 
  i feel the american version was missing on atmosphere , made the whole thing less immersive for me . 
  but the message is just so beautiful . 
  that 's exactly what it was going for in my opinion . 
  because the characters are basically hollow when the film ends , just that their downfall is gradual throughout the movie . 
  what about it did you find so disturbing ? 
  i mean some moments are , but overall i really liked it . 
  how ? 
  i mean the child was prepared to take the first step alone . 
  that 's what the father has done for him . 
  i feel like it 's about growing up , but put into really extreme circumstances . 
  he taught him to carry the fire and the kid showed that he was n't dumb in not trusting that man immediately . 
  edit : that 's the way i see it , what do you think ? 
  comedian and a hobbit ? 
  i get the comedian part , but how a hobbit ? 
  edit : oh , right , elijah wood . 
  forgot he acted in that movie . 
  i found the whole movie morally grey . 
  on one hand you had jack 's character . 
  he thought everyone was dragged in there and forced to keep to a tight schedule . 
  he was half right . 
  and he did bring some joy to the mental patients . 
  but the nurse was all by the book and she believed , what she was doing was right . 
  and also most of them were committed into the asylum by themselves . 
  but jack 's character was bored , he wanted excitement and it was good for the others too . 
  i mean chief only talked to him . 
  but jack and the nurse were both on their polar opposite ends and both extreme . 
  he wanted to do things that were crazy from her perspective and vice versa . 
  i agree the lobotomy was a very bad thing that happened to him and a bad decision , but that was after he had attacked her and he did nearly strangle her . 
  would you risk him doing so again ? 
  i think that both of them were no saints . 
  she had power so maybe we see him as being repressed and rightfully so for the most part . 
  but i ca n't help but feel that he overstepped some boundaries too . 
  the sanctions were extreme , i agree , but the others were not treated badly . 
  according to cormac mccarthy , who wrote the novel it 's supposed to be dedicated to his son . 
  i mean the focus is on them . 
  how he raised him , how they handled situations together , sometimes the father did what he thought was best , other times the son convinced him to do something he thought was right . 
  to make a plot twist , you should know the plot - animals are dead at this point so if there were a bear , there would be a bunch of people killing it to eat it . 
  that 's why some people resorted to cannibalism , because there was no other meat to find . 
  read what i wrote again . 
  jam in space your honour . 
  to continue on this theme ... 
  so it 's basically gul ` dan reviving illidan , who has his skull ? 
  i mean he did jump back to `` normal time '' in the main universe . 
  so that seems a bit awkward to me . 
  i mean illidan took gul ` dan 's power and alternate gul ` dan has his own power , why should illidan even consider helping him , instead of thinking : `` hmm , level up . '', 
  would you mind explaining that ? 
  i mean tailor and enchant are useful to have at max , at least for me . 
  and while you can disenchant with the right building , i feel that if you are n't an enchanter , you would prefer another building , that gives you other bonuses . 
  or am i completely missing the point ? 
  i also do not know anything about leatherworking as i have n't been using it yet , so maybe it 's different for this profession . 
  unless it 's a mind control resurrection . 
  since illidan does use legion magick , but he used it against them normally . 
  not to mention gul ` dan being a bit afraid about someone who uses his skull . 
  a third option that i can think of is that the skull is the key to au gul ` dan controlling illidan somehow and we are supposed to save him . 
  it 's a perfect redemption story . 
  started with demonology lock , was fun in mop for a while , but switched to destro for more dps in an easier way . 
  also was trying out different specs , since this is my first character and i like being a lock . 
  currently on affliction and i am having fun when there is n't too much aoe . 
  but i just might switch back to demo , given what you wrote here . 
  that 's great news . 
  i guess only my other spec will change , i 'm very eager to try the new demonology .
