  i 'm sure the books and movies have some points behind them , but i would prefer to be shown those points in a different style . 
  your unpopular opinion has triggered me . 
  but seriously - i did n't mind watching it with my girlfriend just to see her react to certain events . 
  but i would n't watch it by myself . 
  the books were enough for me . 
  i would suggest the wire - it 's one of the best police procedurals i watched ever . 
  not like csi and similar stuff , i find it way better . 
  not completely . 
  i 'm happy and cheery , because i just want to have a good time . 
  i do n't expect to be happy all the time , but when i 'm out with my friends , i just want to be happy , even if something is really bothering me . 
  make the night/day whatever something good to remember , not whine about something and bring everyone down . 
  my problems will wait for me at home . 
  unless it 's one on one and somebody specifically asks and wants to listen , then i can tell you all about it . 
  but it did take me some time to get to that , i was n't always like that . 
  yeah perhaps you are right . 
  english is n't my first language and i have n't really researched this in depth . 
  just always felt like they meant the same thing . 
  ha , good one . 
  upbeat : obscura - anticosmic overload . 
  i find it very powerful - the instrumental as well as the lyrics . 
  depressive : shroud of distress - life underestimated . 
  well to each his/her own . 
  i get invested in the story and am not seeking just random cases every episode with random people . 
  unless it 's like fringe where you had monster of the week , but also an underlining story . 
  but other people seek other entertainment . 
  true , that was what i said too . 
  if someone asks - it 's great to have an open talk . 
  but if no one does - then something is wrong . 
  i got stuck once at a concert without my picks . 
  sure i could play , but it just feels better with my own . 
  no , astrologically i am cancer . 
  well she knows me for long enough . 
  she did n't at first , but after a long enough time you either open up , or the relationship goes to shit . 
  i do n't think anyone would have picked it up on their own . 
  so i have about three close friends that know the truth . 
  but most people do n't and it 's hard to pick up on this . 
  people are n't mind readers . 
  so if you want the same , find someone you can really trust and tell them the truth . 
  holy shit , just by that criteria alone you could determine everyone to be a rapist . 
  i mean starting to mess around with someone is usually spontaneous and gets touchey very quickly . 
  you do n't go to your crush with a contract and have her sign that she was informed of what will happen . 
  but if she struggles or pushes you away - you better stop . 
  well yeah sometimes it 's hard to make sure that people understand you are being serious . 
  keep trying , you 'll get there . 
  programmer here , fuck you i 'm not giving you any support . 
  all i have is a swallow . 
  yeah i agree with you on the fact that schizophrenia is portrayed wrong - but it 's done for comedy 's sake . 
  it was just a premise so they could do the jekyll/hyde gag . 
  i 'm more worried when people take movies so seriously so that everything should have to be portrayed realistically . 
  it 's a comedy movie . 
  people can surely find better sources to learn things . 
  or at least research it when you hear it , do n't just take it for the truth . 
  edit : not really directed at you , i was thinking of the people who do this . 
  the matrix - all three have great music . 
  rob dougan , don davis and juno reactor - awesome . 
  constantine , the last samurai . 
  you do n't cut out negativity completely . 
  if something upsets you , you can definitely avoid it . 
  unless you are forced to face it . 
  like dealing with an annoying customer at the job . 
  in that case , you do n't really have a choice so you have to deal with it . 
  find an outlet ( playing guitar does it for me ) . 
  but as you wrote twitter , fb and sports - it 's up to you to just stop it . 
  i mean social networks are hardly obligatory . 
  and you can modify them to a point where you do n't have to see the negativity . 
  i 'm not saying that you should envelop yourself in a bubble to hide from reality , but if you do n't like someone on your fb - delete/block them . 
  or unfollow them - i did that with a few people i see from time to time , but they have posted some stupid shit on fb . 
  so you do n't see their posts unless you visit their timeline . 
  as for sports - who says you have to watch them ? 
  i have n't watched sports in quite a few years now , since i have other interests . 
  most important part - find out what makes you happy , what brings you positivity and do that . 
  my world changed when i started playing guitar - it has become a source of positivity ever since . 
  running also helps sometimes when i 'm angry and i just push myself as hard as i can to let get the stress out . 
  but it 's up to you to find what makes you happy . 
  experiment with different activities and if it does n't get better - next one . 
  sorry if i got to dr. phil on you , but that 's the best advice i can give . 
  have n't watched it yet . 
  is the show any good ? 
  otherwise , i 'm just going to listen to the music . 
  there was , until they made the other two . 
  ghost - deus in absentia . 
  such a beautiful ending . 
  to my knowledge the hobbit . 
  and i get why they did it . 
  and i also understand it ca n't be exactly like the book - but the trilogy got progressively worse . 
  while every movie had some good in it in the end i highly doubt that i will be watching them again . 
  be trapped on mars ( or one of it 's moons ) while a horde of demons keep attacking you . 
  also if i would find a chainsaw in that situation , i would n't be thinking - holy shit lets chop 'em all up . 
  more like - i do n't want to get near enough to use this . 
  what about chicken ? 
  music and books ( still am ) - i was left alone a lot . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  i hope i do n't do that to my kids , if i ever choose to have them . 
  no one is supposed to like anything . 
  you like what you do and that 's it . 
  did this change you , besides probably tension and anger towards your parents ? 
  thula borah - post rock band . 
  i hope they tour in europe soon . 
  read the books i always carry with me . 
  at least two or three just for this case .
