  it was n't deliberate , but yeah still awful . 
  very well put . 
  i agree but i would also like to point out that sometimes they go too far with the `` naggy bitch '' persona . 
  i mean yes it 's ok to remind us that the main protagonist anti-hero is a bad person or does bad things . 
  but if that is the only purpose this character has then i can understand why those characters are not liked . 
  but walt was hiding things from her . 
  i can understand someone starting to snoop around when they are home alone without an explanation for the i do n't know which time . 
  how can she trust him , when he does n't even communicate with her about it ? 
  i know he did n't want to put her in danger and tell her all the info , but she does n't know that . 
  i find her worries completely justified . 
  although i can understand your position , i disagree . 
  marie is a whole other can of worms , i think her character was meant to be hated - as far as i watched the series . 
  so to spite walt she was harming her unborn child ? 
  that justifies nothing . 
  well you had to put him out of his misery . 
  mortal kombat x with plato , sigmund freud and edgar allan poe . 
  because i enjoy human duality . 
  what did you find uncomfortable about her ? 
  cheating and smoking when pregnant were the two actions i disagreed with . 
  fair enough . 
  i guess , i perceived her differently . 
  mostly not as annoyed as you have written . 
  morbid angel - lord of all fevers and plague, 
  metro 2033 or s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  i just love the atmosphere in both those games . 
  i would die rather quickly but it would be worth it . 
  i 'm like the windows copy file dialogue . 
  2 minutes , 10 minutes , 3 hours , 5 seconds , an eternity . 
  guess which values are the most realistic . 
  i hate show sansa for just that same reason , while book sansa is way better . 
  i disagree , his will is very strong . 
  even if he does succumb in the end . 
  anarchist cook that is . 
  i 'm sure he was baking pasta . 
  yeah , it 's like cats and their nine lives . 
  god i 'm sorry i went on a killing spree in the city . 
  and i 'm sorry i 'll do it again tomorrow . 
  saved my worst sin for last : sorry i could n't follow the damn train . 
  what is unclear ? 
  god , devil , demons , angels - all represent something , do n't take it literally . 
  with the mistake and god , i meant - since most religions believe their god to be infallible - that would mean the end of the world for all those religions . 
  but an evolution of an idea is more likely in the case of old testament vs. new testament . 
  as a straight man , i would go gay for john barrowman . 
  yeah - but if you do n't notice it and eat it by mistake - that 's the worst feeling ever . 
  but you have so much good canadian music . 
  rush , devin townsend , kataklysm ( ok they are n't radio friendly ) , sum 41 etc. 
  i get it that nickelback are popular , but that time could probably be filled with awesome music . 
  i did the first time too . 
  i got immersed in the storyline of the game , so i thought to myself if i am a cia agent , i have to make it look real . 
  was a bit shocked - second time i have n't fired a single shot until the police came where you have to shoot your way out . 
  and yo daddy 's grave . 
  i preferred oblivion 's dark brotherhood quest line . 
  as fucked up as it was , i liked the fact that they put you into the shoes of the one committing the atrocities . 
  in the book heart of darkness and movie apocalypse now , you are told what happens and that those men did what they deemed necessary . 
  but in this case you/the character you control is the one that commits these things and you get to experience that shift in a person - the good intentions turning into bad actions . 
  that can be a slippery slope , but you only notice all the bad you did , when you hit the bottom . 
  were you doing the decorating in front of him ? 
  chopping people up might be shocking to others . 
  not to mention that in gta money is acquired so easily , that you do n't even need to get your money back . 
  replying to myself since i got another unrelated idea . . 
  what i 'd like to see in gta once . 
  when you kill someone and they drop money - people run away , of course , you just murdered someone that 's logical . 
  but i 'd like to see some people going for the money and maybe fight you/amongst themselves for it . 
  not on the scale of the whole city fighting for one man 's money . 
  but just a few of them . 
  that 's just good business . 
  i understand death by satellite , but death by flies ? 
  please elaborate on that one . 
  how ? 
  so no dark brotherhood either ? 
  haha , yeah . 
  i think it 's day 2 or 3 where you have to piss on your father 's grave ? 
  well i had to look into the key mappings to find out how to pee . 
  when i figured it out , i pretty much peed on everything and everyone . 
  like a dog marking his territory . 
  i owned the whole city !, 
  a few hundred ? 
  yeah . 
  you have to find the aretino kid . 
  i 'm not giving you any more details , so not to spoil the quest line . 
  it 's not as good as in oblivion , but still worthy of at least one playthrough . 
  and also i discovered the start of it by mistake . 
  i killed someone that would attack me , but has n't yet and all it said was that what i did was observed by forces unknown and then i went to sleep and lucien showed up . 
  i liked that . 
  in skyrim it was - go here and listen to the little boy and then it was kill this old hag and the quest line starts . 
  not to mention the story in oblivion 's dark brotherhood , i really liked the twists . 
  even though in skyrim cicero was also very well made and so was astrid , they really stand out as characters in that quest line . 
  but how do you manage to achieve that ? 
  is it in an add-on ? 
  as you wish . 
  but it is interesting to see how you are being a good person in the game , i 'm not judging , but i would like to know , why do you play that way ? 
  hey , i 'm not judging . 
  if a raider came up into my house , i 'd kill him too . 
  but probably would n't mount him on my mantle piece if i had company . 
  save him for later . 
  we always spammed this on our lan parties . 
  before the first game it was about 15 minutes of wololo and start the game already . 
  ok , thanks for explaining . 
  i do not have that problem , so it is n't really a problem for me to lose anything in the game . 
  i 'm not a savage ( like my girlfriend who killed parthrunaax for the blades ) but i 'm not a completely good character either .
