  every life has to end . 
  if it ends with the war of wrath , so be it . 
  as long as i do n't get turned into an orc . 
  be careful with that sword and you have nothing to fear my friend . 
  hungry hungry spider . 
  i like your username . 
  i see no problem here . 
  the world will move on . 
  nothing is forever and we may seem like we are here to stay , but as you put it . . someday we wo n't . 
  that and the eye sockets seem so wide , like she has a deformed skull . 
  not to mention her expression seems so angry and given her history , i would n't hold it against her . 
  also her skull seems deformed . 
  and the symmetry of her face is just unnatural . 
  it 's like when you see a beautiful symmetric face and you find it attractive , but in this case it 's a feral , angry face but also symmetric to the point that it looks engineered , unnatural . 
  but the original photo conveys fear and pain . 
  and it looks natural . 
  it 's a chilling photo but you can at least feel pity for her and anger towards those that harmed her . 
  the feral image ... all i felt from her look was unbridled rage . 
  and the face just looks unnatural . 
  and not the sad kind of rage , you know when someone who has been hurt one too many times loses it . 
  the look is of pure malevolence . 
  that 's what i felt when i looked at both pictures . 
  ^ ( galileo ) galileo ^ ( galileo ) galileo , ^ ( galileo ) galileo figaro !, 
  well of course she know what she 's doing , why would n't she ? 
  knowing myself , i would definitely piss a lot of things off . 
  walkin ' the jay way . 
  * infinity intensifies *, 
  i am of the opinion that there are too many different genres in metal , that one song can be the greatest ever written . 
  in saying that , i do agree that master of puppets is a kick ass fucking song !, 
  well yeah that does make sense , just add some growls and it would certainly have almost all elements essential to metal in a single song . 
   no ww2, 
  how would getting rid of lenin prevent wwii from happening ? 
  but jesus was quite the dissident in the eyes of rome . 
  hell even in the eyes of the leaders of his own religion . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , that it would be rather difficult to convince pilate to not kill jesus , given his nature . 
  but if you managed that ... do you think the people would have seen him become a villain ? 
  i always wondered what jesus would be like if he lived longer . 
  i was n't trying to say that christianity is in any case a generally bad thing . 
  my mind just wanders sometimes . 
  because we tend to idolise people and forget that they are just human . 
  everyone has their own mistakes and i wonder how people would have perceived jesus , given that he is thought of as the son of god . 
  if you do n't look at it from a religious perspective that is . 
  religious people believe that he is part of god as he is the son in the holy trinity , so it 's a bit different for them . 
  and how would that prevent wwii from happening ? 
  i 'm not questioning you . 
  i just want you to explain it a bit more in detail . 
  i get that hitler loses an ally and maybe some movements that were inspired by communism would not rise up or at least not so soon . 
  but the wwii problem was a bit more complex in my opinion . 
  just wiping communism from the planet would probably not work . 
  germany 's economic crisis would sooner or later probably lead to a rise of an extremist government . 
  maybe it would be different , but maybe another group of people would start a world war . 
  that is an interesting thought . 
  and that is exactly why i asked this question . 
  times have changed a lot , but the problem is he had to die for times to really change . 
  a bit of a catch 22 there . 
  hm , never thought of that . 
  i was focusing on ww2 too much . 
  if that 's what intrusive thoughts are , then my alternate self is quite a douche . 
  i feel like i 've lost my innocence at a very young age . 
  after my father 's death that was 1 week after my first birthday ( second if you count the actual birth as one ) . 
  she said i was crying and was pretty much inconsolable , so they just let me cry until i stopped . 
  but the funny part is , i do n't even remember him . 
  there is this huge void where his presence or the memory of him should be . 
  then there is everything that came with it ... mom stayed single so we never had a constant male presence in the house . 
  it put extra pressure on my mom and it shows . 
  she never was able to really give attention to all of her kids , i never was a loud one , so i was pretty much left alone to fend for myself . 
  which i still do , even if people surround me , i sometimes just ignore them and do my own thing . 
  i missed out on socialisation - never went to kindergarten . 
  started ditching school in fourth grade , but never told my mom as she would n't take it well . 
  i was never absent too much , but a lot of mornings i just wanted to stay in bed and be by myself . 
  i still do - but i ca n't do that with my job . 
  i may sometimes seem uncooperative in conversation , but i like to listen . 
  i 'm not a loud person when it comes to talking and wo n't say anything unless i have something to say . 
  unless i 'm drunk , then i shout like it 's the end of the world . 
  well yeah . 
  but trees just stay there . 
  they do n't give a fuck . 
   that the word primadonna was not about madonna . 
  well it was but prima is also leading so it 's about the leading madonna . 
  all the others are just illuminati clones . 
  so what 's next ? 
  burning up a local factory/place of business when you get your masters ? 
  burning up the whole industry after you get your doctorate ? 
  no story , only laughter . 
  are you asking if you are confused ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  fighting only when it 's necessary , not going out looking for trouble . 
  being strong enough to not care about what people you do n't care about think . 
  being vulnerable enough to care what people you do care about think . 
  and also to allow yourself to be vulnerable in front of others . 
  i would like to add to this - letting yourself cry in front of the few special people in your life . 
  i know it connected my gf and me even more when our friend died and we just cried together for a while . 
  we both went through the grieving process together , even if a bit in our own way , but the crying - when we found out , that 's what we did together to get through the initial shock . 
  ice cold !, 
   around 30 . 
  in a row ? 
  this monday morning , driving to work . 
  i do n't know why , feeling a bit empty these two weeks . 
  maybe i just need a vacation ( which is coming up soon ) . 
  so british humour ?
