  i mean you wrote that you feel that che was manipulated , so i 'm guessing there is n't a lot of sufficient evidence to make a definite statement . 
  well i can certainly understand that people like it and that it 's very popular . 
  just not my thing . 
  i 'm not playing this one . 
  just finished doom last night and am psyched for wow : legion that comes out soon . 
  in the mean time , i will be farming gold and some alts , just chillin ' in draenor . 
  if a wood elf gets high does that make him a high wood elf or a wood high elf ? 
  if a dark elf gets high and is in a forest , does that make him dark wood high elf or high dark wood elf ? 
  if a high elf gets high does it make him thalmor ? 
  oh what am i saying , of course you have n't . 
  standing here next to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . 
  is banana phone + doot , double calcium for double bones ? 
  thank mr. skeltal . 
  sometimes . 
  when i see that her motivation is falling . 
  i do n't want to discourage her from playing games with me . 
  but then again if she has the motivation and some skill , then i 'm relentless . 
  for example : when we play mk9 i do n't give it all , since she would want to play any more . 
  when we play chess , we both do n't give any quarter to each other . 
  that would be a good way to incorporate perma-death . 
  level 80 dragonborn master vampire killing dragon riding hagraven slaying falmer murdering bad motherfucker ? 
  dead !, 
  just a sequence of shots or videos that shows how you slowly kill them and a `` game over dumbass !, 
  '' , screen . 
  skyrim belongs to the nords !, 
  humans are a blight on galactic purity . 
  you sir !, 
  you are a blight !, 
  and you !, 
  and you , human . 
  and you !, 
  if you want something spacey , calm and beautiful , lately i have discovered : godspeed you !, 
  black emperor - storm . 
  just ca n't get enough . 
  if you like more aggressive stuff , i find anaal nathrakh - do not speak , destroying angel ( has a quote form black adder which is funny ) , very interesting . 
  and a good book . 
  probably your spouse too . 
  metro 2033 . 
  wow novels - especially tides of darkness , rise of the horde or war of the ancients . 
  because it would be very interesting . 
  just the atmosphere alone would be worth it , even if i die shortly after . 
  at that point you might as well get a new spouse on your honeymoon . 
  ask the one that was left at home to send you the ring and just go on with your life . 
  steven wilson - happy returns . 
  makes me cry . 
  sadly they throw it away . 
  the glutton society is trying to pass a law that would prevent them from doing that and instead give gluten to the underfed as they do n't seem to be allergic to any type of food . 
  depends on how selectively you fuck the fields on a chessboard . 
  there are 64 , half of them white and half of them black . 
  if you focus only on black fields you will get a grey child , if you focus only on white , you will get a vampire child . 
  just make sure that it accelerates all the particles in the car . 
  i recommend that you check out blackfield and no-man as well . 
  i have actually discovered wilson 's music through opeth . 
  is she a synth or did you just fuck her too many times ? 
  i liked him as batman . 
  there was a big transformation in him being bruce wayne and batman . 
  as you said , he looked like a college professor , but when he put on his cape ... all that changed . 
  it 's different , since it 's tim burton and nolan did go for a more serious route with the movies . 
  but burton had a great style and nicholson as joker is brilliant . 
  but he 's a different kind of joker , does n't have all these schemes as in nolan 's movies . 
  not to mention danny devito as the penguin and michelle pfeiffer as catwoman . 
  she was way better than anne hathaway in my opinion . 
  that clown is hilarious though . 
  he just does n't leave him alone , ever . 
  i ca n't feel my toes !, 
  #i do n't have any toes !, 
  ^ i ^ need ^ a ^ hug . 
  first one was all right though . 
  looks like stan had a close encounter with the bug zapper . 
  dude you watched the wrong movie , mortal kombat 1 was awesome . 
  in all seriousness , the dialogue really was n't too good , that i agree with . 
  but the choreography and the music was awesome . 
  raiden was funny , i liked that 80 's action/humour if it was done right . 
  and in this case i think it was great . 
  liu kang yelled too much . 
  mk2 : annihilation was shite though . 
  i mean raiden was n't funny any more , liu kang was still yelling like a moron . 
  not to mention the stupid story . 
  i did like all the different characters though , but overall the movie sucked . 
  also scooter - fire . 
  one of the best moments in an otherwise shit movie . 
  i disagree . 
  if i had a song about a certain thing and artwork to go along with it i would like both at the same time . 
  but books and film are such a different medium - for example movies can not go into that much detail as one 's imagination can . 
  on the other hand , books might seem uninteresting as all you do is sit and read , while movies tend to have more action or are at least a visual medium . 
  same as it is now . 
  i read that as privileged white whale . 
  hello ishmael , i am ahab . 
  did you finally get your cigarettes from the gas station ? 
  i 've been waiting for about 25 years . 
  i always wish business meetings would mean a room full of ferrets . 
  instead we are just a room of idiots being bored with each other . 
  i can read backwards . 
  falling dreams or dying in one way or another . 
  oh hi , it 's you again . 
  well i am in kind of a mixed state right now . 
  on one hand i was at a very amazing concert yesterday . 
  on the other hand , my sister was in the emergency room with my mom . 
  but today we learned that she is on observation , which means that at the moment it 's nothing that serious - no operations no anything else . 
  hopefully she will be fine .
