  in the case of the lion king , you could go for trial and error and not lose anything . 
  same goes for aladdin and jungle book . 
  i think you might have misunderstood me . 
  i was n't saying that the manual was n't useful . 
  but the way i always approach games is - try everything you can , if you get stuck look up a hint or read the manual etc. 
  sure , some games require you to read the manual before you start playing ( any rpg , some strategy games etc. ) . 
  the point i was trying to make is that the manual is/was a great thing . 
  you could read it or not and look at it when you made mistakes or needed something , what bothers me nowadays is that there is no manual and no art along with most games and you mostly get a bunch of advice and tips and tutorials that can sometimes be avoided , but mostly first half hour of the game means a tutorial and that annoys me . 
  but in the case of lion king and aladdin and similar games , i do n't think one had to read the manual . 
  surely it was useful , but one could figure it out on their own too . 
  well the very first deathclaw i met was when you get the power armor and minigun off the helicopter . 
  it was a joke klling it with that kind of gear . 
  i did meet a legendary one later and that was quite the challenge . 
  but the normal ones are just too easy to kill . 
  i wish the first one would be legendary , that would have been interesting . 
  in regards to the story - it 's not all bad in my opinion . 
  but i feel like the choices regarding the endings differ way too little and finding mister cereal killer man was very anti-climactic . 
  not to mention the big reveal . 
  i felt there was something missing . 
  some kind of freedom - being evil is missing . 
  or maybe i just have n't found it yet . 
  fo3 had the same problem with good vs. evil though . 
  if you liked fo4 , i suggest you check out all the others - each was an interesting experience to me . 
  1 and 2 may be hard to get into , but for me the story was worth it . 
  even the ones i would deem bad are still very good if you look at games in general . 
  the map as in the layout of it or the map on the pip boy ? 
  the latter is weird for me in fo4 . 
  i did like the dlc , owb was my favorite , did n't like lonesome road ( too many bear , bull coversations ) , but the environment was very well done in all . 
  the story cliche ? 
  please elaborate on that , i just want to know what you mean , since i feel the opposite . 
  fo4 seems completely cliche 'd to me and fo3 however has a karma system , but the reasoning in general seems lacking to me . 
  i mean blowing up megaton is obviously a dick move , but if i recall correctly the reason why that business guy wants to do it is never really revealed . 
  what do you mean by doing everything story wise ? 
  like playing it multiple times for different outcomes ? 
  i played it twice for now and both times i got completely different endings and i liked that . 
  i ca n't tell if i did right or wrong , but that 's the beauty of it for me . 
  i mean , i 'm not disputing your opinion , just stating what i think . 
  because as for fo3 , i found the story engaging sure , but fo4 ... not really . 
  i 'm not saying it 's completely bad , but i ca n't seem to care for anyone too much . 
  not as much as in all the other games . 
  well it 's ultimately your choice of course . 
  i also sometimes like what you do - just cause is a great example you provided . 
  but some games i love for the story . 
  skyrim is n't one of them . 
  i 'm not judging you in any way though , just trying to explain what i mean . 
  no , hyenas were panting by default . 
  every now and then they got angry and ran around and jumped at you . 
  but cheetahs were the opposite . 
  you could make them pant by roaring at them . 
  but if you waited long enough they got their strength back . 
  yea , the box for throw was rather small . 
  if you messed up with a cheetah or hyena you lost a quarter of life at best . 
  but at scar , yeah you pretty much lost a life . 
  yes pretty much how i feel about fallout 4 , but it also has a worse dialogue system . 
  but then again it has a great weapon modding system . 
  how did it break cannon from 1 and 2 ? 
  i hear smoking has calming effects . 
  and that 's how it should be everywhere . 
  drinking and driving is at least kind of illegal , you can still drink some alcohol and then drive . 
  i 'm not trying to antagonize you or anything , but what about cars , factories and power plants . 
  sure you are n't near them , but the pollution they let into our atmosphere makes cigarette smoke negligible . 
  unless someone was smoking in a closed space with you for multiple years , or straight up in your face , which is very very wrong . 
  how did cigarettes give you asthma ? 
  smoking in general can have positive effects . 
  hey do n't be dissing lettuce !, 
  i 'm sorry for what happened to you and i can understand why you hate smoking . 
  but your emotion towards it does not negate it 's effects be they positive or negative . 
  it 's not like someone has to smoke a whole pack a day . 
  some people do , but not everyone gets addicted just like that . 
  everything in life is about moderation , even water can kill you if you drink too much and i 'm not talking about drowning . 
  everything can be deadly if used right or you know beneficial again if used correctly . 
  you can not state that objectively . 
  but again , i can understand why you feel so strongly in this matter and am not trying to persuade you or anything . 
  that 's just my point of view . 
  edit : what i was trying to say from the beginning was ... that your point of view is perfectly valid . . for you . 
  your tone implied that you feel so strongly that you try to convince others to think the same . 
  i would prefer to discourage that . 
  sure if someone does something that does you harm , make them stop . 
  but if someone respects your opinion and smokes out of other people 's way , i do n't see the harm in that . 
  yeah i was n't disputing that . 
  but i feel that smoking with a child in the car should be illegal , while drinking can remain regulated . 
  but the limit was a bit too high about 10 years ago . 
  i 'm not saying everyone should be 0.0 , even though i have that as a rule , but for personal reasons . 
  it 's like finding a top 10 worst car crashes on google and saying cars are bad . 
  i mean if you look at them from a twisted perspective , they are heavy machines that go really fast , the potential for danger there is enormous . 
  one driver can kill a bunch of others in the right circumstances . 
  are all cars bad ? 
  get as far away from everyone as possible . 
  write a note that shows that it was in no way deliberate . 
  i always carry a book and at least three pens with me so i have everything with me . 
  then just wait for my life to end somewhere in solitude . 
  well hi there mr. biggus . 
  how is naughtius ? 
  it also depends on which kind of fish ... something small with small bones ? 
  end world hunger . 
  bigger fish with big bones that can kill you if you are n't careful - genocide . 
  and then he took one rib from you as well . 
  just one question ... you are 657 , what happened to the 656 adams before you ? 
  that 's no moon . 
  how do you measure that ?
