  nothing special just debates about this and that and not even everyday . 
  but if we were both there , we would converse . 
  i actually started coming to school earlier on purpose , because i enjoyed the conversations , hoping she would be there . 
  i do n't know how much it meant to her and it 's not like i was in love or something , but i still remember that . 
  not what we talked in particular , just that it was going on . 
  but sadly she had to move because of a family tragedy , i mean i do n't blame her for moving away , i would n't want to stay in the same place if that happened to me . 
  i 'm not going into any detail about what happened , hell i do n't even know too well and it 's not important anymore . 
  but at that point i started being late to school . 
  my mom let go of the supervision , because i was always early , so i used that as any kid would . 
  i never again made contact with her and it 's not like we were best friends or anything . 
  but i still love a good debate . 
  even if i do n't agree , as long as there is a real conversation . 
  now here i thought that it was face down , ass up position but in military terms . 
  well to be completely honest , i do n't know . 
  i lay down on my back or my shoulder , but wake up in a completely different position . 
  what are some of the books you really like ? 
  looking for new suggestions . 
  doom 2016 , at least for me . 
  great and fast action and a very fitting soundtrack . 
  the story was a bit better in doom 3 and the demons were better presented as in where they came from , but then again doom 3 was more of an action horror game as doom is a straight up action fps . 
  please do n't knock on my door . 
  i find it funny how much people bitch about what appears on their timeline . 
  it 's not like you can customise that . 
  but i do n't use it all that much - mostly to discover new music , stay in touch with events and a few people that i do n't get to see too often , since they are from other countries . 
  that was what i liked about it to be fair . 
  a bit of a change of pace was refreshing . 
  i do agree however that there were some levels where it was boring . 
  i mean , given that they went for the atmosphere , i should have been thinking more like : `` oh , shit what is that ?!, 
  '' , instead of : `` of shit , him again . '', 
  - mostly regarding cacodemons who were especially badly made imo . 
  and timmy stays alive !, 
  so was the force of the push too great or was the pool shallow ? 
  also had to be pushed in a weird way if she was standing by the pool , i mean that 's a lot of rotation . 
  yeah that is understandable that the news would n't focus on that . 
  i 'm just wondering , purely from a physical standpoint if either she was shoved into the pool or it was just really really shallow if not both . 
  very sad news though . 
  well the story was more like - kill them for this and that generic reason . 
  oh and the change in scenery is because you have to go there and do that , oh and kill everyone you meet too , did we mention the killing ? 
  that is true , especially for doom ii , but then again i did n't expect much more from doom 2016 . 
  i wanted what they delivered , it was expected . 
  but i understand why you would want more . 
  i completed it in 16 hours . 
  in two days . 
  i was hyped for sp , did n't care about mp with doom , besides the original one . 
  i can make a walkthrough if you are interested , but i would need some time to do it . 
  i will have to play and write at the same time , while a lot of actions are in my muscle memory . 
  yeah i agree , there were too many cheap jump scares , but some things were actually disturbing like the birth/appearance of maggots , pinky and lost souls . 
  cacodemon was very bad too . 
  to be completely honest , i forgot . 
  all i remember is kick ass music and well kicking ass . 
  i liked the change with doom 3 . 
  but it did lead to repetitive gameplay , since it was very long . 
  especially with the addons . 
  i was hyped beyond words . 
  been waiting for doom for a long time . 
  well you ca n't have everything , but i ran out of ammo more than fuel . 
  but i see your point . 
  damnation is by far my favorite track - the pounding of the guitar and the chanting of the choir is just awesome . 
  also bfg division . 
  i have to try that one . 
  i personally was very hyped , especially since it took so long . 
  but i did mention that the story was lackluster since it 's an action game ... 
  well yeah that 's what i meant . 
  and audio logs or people talking as to why you have to kill them . 
  who cares , bring 'em on !, 
  while also having a kickass soundtrack . 
  well the transition between presentation and actual gameplay can make or break a game . 
  i thought the e3 gameplay looked great and was completely hyped . 
  then they added the great soundtrack , given that i really like meshuggah 's groovy music , it was the perfect match . 
  my thought process was like this ... oh look this has some ammo remaining - use until you run out . 
  i 'm a bad shot , but i can move around like an acrobat on speed . 
   i had a blast, 
  ha , literally . 
  can you still induce infighting monsters in doom 2016 ? 
  i did n't really feel the need for that , maybe the fights really were n't that big or the areas were too big and i could avoid most monsters by basically doing this : move forward and avoid monster contact while also aiming at anything you see in front of you and fire . 
  unless i had to do a glory kill of course . 
  but even the smaller rooms in doom 2016 had more than one level in height , there really were n't many small rooms with one floor where you would be overwhelmed by monsters . 
  you had better agility in doom 2016 and the levels were set up so you could use it to make it easier on yourself . 
  i did however see a hell knight fighting some imps but i did n't wait for too long , just jumped in there and slaughtered everyone . 
  what difficulty did you play on ? 
  the original does n't work or 2016 ? 
  i have to do that and then replay the game . 
  but in due time , i do n't have the money now . 
  oh man aladdin was way harder than lion king . 
  if you went above easy levels - those jumping fish always killed me . 
  yeah i was hitting him in the face for about an hour . 
  did you mean stream the gameplay ? 
  if you will , please let me know , i would love to watch someone play it . 
  i would love to go to the theatre on a first date , watching a good play and debating about it afterwards can be a great first date . 
  maybe add a dinner afterwards or a meal before and then drink after . 
  i would prefer the chicken and hold the breast . 
  given that you said husband - i guess you two connected over the play ? 
  or did you give him a second chance ? 
  wrong side !, 
  big american teetees . 
  can you hear the thunda ? 
  if my date corrects me in this way , that 's a good thing . 
  edit : or any random person you meet for the first time . 
  well yeah , but it was weaker than the story in doom 3 . 
  but doom 3 had more gameplay problems .
