  same goes for halle berry . 
  i did n't like her acting in die another day . 
  most kinds of spiders ca n't even kill you . 
  i understand the fear and hostility towards those that can . 
  well said . 
  you do n't hit hard enough it seems . 
  i find it interesting . 
  but it 's a completely different level of programming than c # . 
  i do both and sometimes it 's hard to switch from one style to another . 
  because in sql i prefer to think in contexts of sets rather than objects/classes or sequences . 
  you have to be careful with the where clauses and moditications you make , especially when the database goes into production ... a lot of backups :d, 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'd notice a spider munching on me :d, 
  but that 's what you did in the first place !, 
  which version do you have ? 
  ( i.e. 
  bfg edition , normal edition etc. ), 
  which os ? 
  what hardware ? 
  ca n't really say much more without that info . 
  i appreciate your job , that is good to know . 
  but i just could n't imagine something worse than the cazadores ( fallout : new vegas ) . 
  i could n't even believe that hawk wasps really exist at first , but now these ants ... 
  nature you scary !, 
  does your keyboard work in the menu ? 
  it 's a weird problem actually . 
  i ca n't understand why would the mouse work and the keyboard would n't . 
  which keyboard do you have ? 
  try alt + tab if it might work , but i 'm not sure if that 's it , your mouse works . 
  that 's the point . 
  i 'm supposed to be a programmer but i already have to do db related things at work , which are a bit out of the scope . 
  but then again everyone does that . 
  bit of web means a bit of javascript/jquery every now and again . 
  also web services , but that falls into . net . 
  so it 's okay for me to kill living beings i deem hiedous and large ? 
  watch the original - it 's a great movie . 
  haha , should have started with : have you tried turning it off and on again ? 
  if i am not mistaken vitek was also vogg 's brother , which makes the song even more personal in my opinion . 
  not just gondor - everyone . 
  i mean for example also arwen who is pretty much older than anyone there . 
  but i do agree with you - the way aragorn looks and says : `` friends , you bow to no one . '', 
  movie : the fountain, 
  song : current 93 - judas as black moth, 
  or when you do n't want one . 
  everyone is asking my gf and i when we will have one and kind of enthusing about it . 
  and currently we do n't want one . 
  maybe we change our minds someday , but at this stage , there is no way either one of us wants a baby and it would n't be right to force ourselves into it . 
  but people treat you as if you are an evil person , just because you do n't feel like having a kid . 
  brothers !, 
  what we do in life , echoes in eternity . 
  such a perfect finishing line . 
  my girlfriend 's boyfriend knows it by heart too . 
  haha . 
  i memorized this one , because he makes a joke about elysium and then delivers that exceptional line ... it 's just a short/awesome speech . 
  stuck in the middle with you . . 
  such a catchy tune . 
  leaving las vegas . 
  prevent people from dividing by zero and so cause the end of the world . 
  i like people bragging how drunk they have driven , they let me know who i 'm not going to drink with . 
  because it 's ideal . 
  unless someone asks . 
  then even if it 's a very low amount , it 's not bragging , but i have been following the class for the whole year because i was interested in it and did n't have to study that much in the end . 
  but that and reddit karma are the only measurable units of internet success . 
  any culture with rituals/rules that include any kind of harm to others is a bad one . 
  unless the other party is truly dangerous/a threat to others . 
  yes they are different and we have to acknowledge that . 
  however , we must also acknowledge that they are our equals . 
  and that goes for any race . 
  how do you break someone 's cervix through the internet ? 
  and now google knows , i 've been searching for the black market :d, 
  yes i do . 
  i do n't want to vote for myself . 
  just an extra click , besides the save button . 
  i did n't do it on my first account , then i started out of some reason ... i got used to it very quickly . 
  why do i have to be mr. 
  pink ? 
  `` be gentle . '', 
  be sure to have facilities for people washing their hands . 
  but that 's democracy for you . 
  how i sometimes feel like there is n't any point to all humanity trying so hard to do what we do . 
  all the world is synthetically created by us - measuring time , valuing money , self-esteem , morality , nationality . 
  it 's like we have to make sense , even if there is none , categorize everything and we have created a system that basically enslaved ourselves , even if we seem in charge , we slaves to some aspect of our synthetically created life . 
  everyone judges us in one aspect or another . 
  no one is ever truly free , not in the sense of i do what i want , but truly free . 
  but then again , most of us would have no idea what to do with absolute freedom . 
  gets in a loop then , sometimes i end up in strange places , like armies of raptors . 
  any physical harm to myself , be it accidental or deliberate . 
  get a dollar from a million people . 
  i frequently play music to let out anger , frustration , happiness , whatever emotions i have within me at the time . 
  writing is even better as you can create your own `` world '' , but it tends to be harder for me . 
  turning everything into an industry is basically destroying everything . 
  not immediately , but eventually . 
  how will instagram end the human race ? 
  i think it has already begun and if we do n't fix it , it will continue . 
  but we do have a lot of redeeming qualities too . 
  but that will end instagram , i ca n't see the downside . 
  spoiler about click :, 
  [ in click , right before he wakes up . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i know , but if the people chose the one that was set free - that is how voting works , is n't it ? 
  i was making a comment on the notion of the act described in the first comment .
