  what do you mean ? 
  because funerals are usually a few days after the person had died , i ca n't really accept that so fast . 
  i do eventually , but not in about a week or week and a half usually . 
  is this creepy , barry ? 
  yes it is other barry . 
  is that the one that mark knopfler plays ? 
  it 's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum and i 'm aaaal out of gum . 
  now i 'm imagining the rock taking his sweater off and his shirt gets stuck to his sweater . 
  a little music before doing anything else works for me . 
  some good groovy metal like decapitated , meshuggah or something similar wakes me right up . 
  i usually listen to music when i 'm driving in my car . 
  this week is behemoth week and it 's working rather well . 
  most things , since having stuff completely realistic would be boring . 
  did you take into account that there are more people in the world too ? 
  or is there a larger percent of people that are enslaved ? 
  where do you live ? 
  when was this normal ? 
  i mean it should be , but at which time in history was breastfeeding in public considered normal ? 
  of course it should be . 
  but the question asks for something that was considered normal but is n't anymore . 
  and i am curious at which point in time was it considered acceptable , that 's all . 
  but is n't that already supposed to be true ? 
  i mean most religions look at life as a gift and if you take it away , that 's a mortal sin ... so hell for you . 
  well given that heaven would be confirmed , so would god and so the basis for most modern religion falls . 
  it 's no longer religion , there is n't anything left to believe if you know it to be true . 
  free will goes out the window . 
  science would change too . 
  on the other hand if you ever had intrusive thoughts , the knowledge that someone can always hear them is disturbing . 
  or anything oasis . 
  wow , tes iv and v , stalker series . 
  actually that might be completely normal to some people . 
  in fact some people even like it . 
  not me though . 
  that i 'm a very quiet and laid back while sober . 
  i mean , i am willing to talk about stuff but rarely raise my voice . 
  but get me drunk and i become a vuvuzela from hell , yelling as if my life depended on it . 
  edit : maybe i should have mentioned this as well . 
  i do n't have to be very drunk to get loud , usually two or three beers do the trick . 
  to be fair when someone really pisses you off , you can allow yourself some harsh words . 
  i mean especially if you do n't get angry too quickly . 
  of course it depends on the setting and your history with that person . 
  try explaining that to the doctor . 
  i think stupid would be if you do it again . 
  i do n't know , some celebrities show intelligence . 
  it 's like with `` normal '' people . 
  you usually value someone 's opinion more - given your past experiences with them . 
  some celebrities are known to shoot their mouth and being stupid , others seem to say smart things . 
  why not value ones more than the others ? 
  i mean i would n't value shit that honey boo boo says , but i do n't know if the late sir christopher lee would give an opinion i am more likely to not dismiss him , since he was a smart man . 
  hm , risk being inappropriately dressed every time i sneeze or risk eating a bunch of babies ... i 'll take the former , you can always use pepper or something . 
  well what can i say , at least you are being smart about it . 
  that puts a whole new spin on mary had a little lamb . 
  i mean even it 's fleece was white as snow . 
  all in all there are 10 levels . 
  for six levels simba is small and the last four simba is an adult . 
  once you grow up things get a bit easier , but also a bit harder too . 
  easier because you do n't have to jump on everyone to kill them , but still can and it 's actually pretty helpful - you can jump on an enemy and then claw them without them knowing what happened . 
  except for the hyenas if they are in mid-charge they will own you and they charge a lot . 
  harder - simba is bigger and clumsier a lot of environmental hazards contribute to the overall difficulty ( eighth level is the biggest offender , just about anything there kills you ) . 
  also yeah you have to be very very careful around scar . 
  one wrong move and he jumps on you - you ca n't get out of that = life lost . 
  yeah , but first you have to tire him out . 
  so he ca n't jump on you as you are about to flip him over . 
  played it like that on purpose - it would feel like cheating with vertical mouse look . 
  i knew what to do , but damn how to do it - i had to figure that one out , the exact moment when to fire . 
  i think i still know the pattern . 
  i memorised it . 
  i mean you get those pigs twice ... once with arrows , once without and you just have to realise what to do . 
  double jump was the hardest , since you had to time the ostrich and yourself to be at the same place at the same time . 
  seventh is easy , introduction to the adult simba imo . 
  eighth is hardest of all game . 
  yes a lot of hyenas and them leopards too . 
  but no hyenas in seventh level . 
  eighth is lava level and has you doing hard jumps , riding a log over lava while clawing at bats , a rock that follows you through a few platforms , while only having two save spots . 
  also worst ending ever . . wait for some rocks to fall down on some lava coming from some platforms on the ground . 
  all you have to do is wait and avoid some rocks falling down . 
  i never liked that one . 
  my first computer had 4gb of hard drive . 
  that was at least 15 years ago . 
  to be capped for half of that with a broadband connection ? 
  that 's just insane . 
  that gorilla is so funny . 
  did you also get the bonus level ? 
  had to figure that one out , took me quite a while . 
  there is a path where you can go , so that you only jump around the waterfall , you do n't have to go along the river . 
  do n't think i ever made that . 
  which one ? 
  the lava cave or the one with a system of caves ? 
  yeah , that one was a bitch to figure out . 
  but you basically had infinite tries . 
  the first cave always gave you 1up and the second one had a bug that replenished your life . 
  the third cave was where you had to go to progress forward . 
  from there onwards ? 
  i have no idea . 
  big height and/or shallow pool ? 
  weird angle ? 
  i ca n't imagine how that can happen otherwise . 
  when i was in 1st and 2nd grade i had a schoolmate who would usually come to school a bit too soon . 
  at the time my mom was still pretty much on top of when i went to school , so i was early too . 
  we used this time to talk .
