but i do n't have any money , how will i pay you ? 
  * 80 's cheesy wah music plays *, 
  the chapter of op 's mom would have a lot to cover . 
  if i go by the books and not the show . . 
  melisandre and cersei ( both of age and such . . ) . 
  if i go both ways - cersei and jamie . 
  they are already doing it , i 'm sure they would n't mind a third player entering the game . 
  hm , a good idea , sure why not :d, 
  if i can have my pets along with me - a very very long time . 
  my hobbies would keep me very busy . 
  john snow still knows nothing . 
  whoop , there it is . 
  such a badass reference , i should vote renegade on this one . 
  upvote = paragon sign, 
  downvote = renegade sign . 
  being badass gives you renegade in me and this is one of the most badass things that happens in me 3 in my opinion . 
  i would have eaten the taco just to see how he would react . 
  if you have n't played me3 do n't look under them spoiler tags . 
  [ but when mordin solus goes to sacrifice himself he says :, 
  no , has to be me , someone else might have gotten it wrong . 
  ] ( / spoiler `` me3 '' ), 
  i am not a smart man ... but i know i love tacos . 
  goodness , gracious , great balls of fire !, 
  well judging by my own surgeries in that game it 's more like must resist getting high on drugs they use to anesthetize the patient then do surgery which is more of a dismemberment really . 
  anesthetize - porcupine tree, 
  something funny i guess . 
  and extremely long songs . 
  having bad songs on the radio but barely enough reception to make out the song . 
  after about half an hour i would be angry that i ca n't hear a song i would n't want to listen to in the first place . 
  or you know having hot rods inserted up my ass for eternity . 
  living in a world where waiters do n't wait . 
  where buses do n't run . 
  you are using tor are n't you ? 
  welcome to the extremist list . 
  edit : formatting, 
  you wo n't be ever be bored , then again you might go insane . 
  matrix reloaded - just look at the root password . 
  it 's where trinity shuts down the power . 
  good morning then , or good evening if i stick to my time zone . 
  well if all the zombies would be laughing out loud forever , they would n't be so horrible and could n't sneak up on you . 
  if the group would be laughing out loud all the time - then we would have a big problem . 
  so many experiences to be had , so many things to learn . 
  i am a curious person by nature and sometimes i get caught up in something so much , that time flies . 
  so my problem is pretty much the opposite - why do i have to die with so much to live for . 
  i have n't always been this way . 
  once i found a good reason not to exist . 
  but it was pretty much everything that built up from the past and a few issues i had at the time . 
  in the middle of acting upon it , i suddenly felt stupid because the extreme act itself took me out of the mindset i was in and slowly started changing me as a person . 
  but everyone has their own choice and has to find his/her own way . 
  that is the beauty of it for me now - the variety of everything . 
  my girlfriend and i use this whenever one of us makes a big mistake . 
  keannu reeves . 
  curiosity and it 's counterpart - fear . 
  there is no story - only laughter . 
  opeth - death whispered a lullaby, 
  loss of loved ones seems to be a constant in my life . 
  besides that a lack of self-esteem and a bit of anxiety . 
  captain hindsight the hero of our time has such a superpower . 
  green goblin : a struggling scientist with a brilliant mind that put his life at risk for his experiments , after the military shut off his research and cut off his funding when he was very close to delivering what he promised . 
  his experiments and loneliness caused him to lose his mind . 
  his child is a constant disappointment to him and the one kid with whom he can have an intelligent conversation with is the one that will ultimately take him down . 
  the whole subliminal messages in music that make you worship satan , kill yourself or others . 
  how fast are you walking ? 
  how fast are you walking ? 
  but they are all about love - in any shape or form that is . 
  i 've been listening to ddt lately . 
  it 's a very good russian rock band . 
  agalloch - this old cabin, 
  such a lovely song . 
  that part yeah but amerika ist wunderbar - wonderful it shows some sort of affection even though it 's a bit tongue in cheek . 
  i agree it really is n't that kind of a love song like wo bist du or heirate mich for example . 
  then again sensucht , keine lust , los and stein um stein also are n't really love songs . 
  should have written mostly , not all . 
  i was listening to a lot of marilyn manson at that time . 
  still like mechanical animals album . 
  but the songs i put on most of the time were fundamentally loathsome and great big white world . 
  forgotten about the video for keine lust - was only judging by the lyrics , i will have to check it out again . 
  yeah , but all the symbolism in sensucht makes me think about hungry people in africa - never thought of it in a different way . 
  you are right in regards to stein um stein . 
  why be frank ? 
  why not vince ? 
  well we have ac so there 's that . 
  wish i had noticed this sooner but now it makes sense , as you probably want to run away away , brave sir robin . 
  when they say that just talk to them while watching tv . 
  you will either really talk or you can show them their hypocrisy when they try to tell you to be quiet to watch tv . 
  worked for me at least . 
  well if a game becomes a drug/obsession it can have a bad effect . 
  but that depends on the individual not the game itself . 
  maybe games do not `` rot the brain '' so much as with most games you must act and think . 
  with television you are just an observer . 
  after reading reddit for a few minutes :, 
  what have i done ? 
  bunch of savages in this town . 
  thanks mr. skeltal . 
  there is no story ... only laughter . 
  goddamn chuches not paying money to the government . 
  she was a friend of my ex . 
  keep that in mind , i designed this rhyme to explain in due time, 
  philomela - samsara, 
  so haunting , yet beautiful .
