  now vodka with juice was a drink i did n't like at first and i avoid vodka in general - it 's disgusting to me . 
  same with schanpps and absinth - too much alcohol in those . 
  there is a czech drink called beherovka which is very tasty . 
  also the variations of beers in some countries - it 's almost like drinking juice . 
  then finally wines can be good too . 
  depends on the one you take , i like red wine more than white and my personal favorites are chianti and cabernet sauvignon . 
  i have n't really tried some expensive wines yet , but a bit of red wine during a meal can taste very good . 
  i do n't drink a lot but i like trying new things and for me alcohol is n't just about getting drunk . 
  but a bit of a buzz with a good taste or if you are in company and have a little bit to drink . 
  if i am not driving of course . 
  well i love to explore new music . 
  and i believe that with that my musical taste evolves . 
  it also helps playing an instrument as i am always on the lookout for more challenging songs . 
  music means a lot to me , it helps me mentally . 
  writing and playing songs is where i can let my feelings and frustrations or also happiness go wild . 
  so when i got into metal , i started with melodic metal in general - in flames , arch enemy and similar . 
  then nu-metal was a big thing so i was into korn , slipknot , limp bizkit . 
  but one day my sister and i were watching mtv 's headbanger 's ball and i found a lot of good songs that way . 
  and a lot of different genres were played . 
  but one of those songs was the short version of opeth 's - the grand conjuration . 
  it blew my mind - it had calm parts , it had headbanging parts . 
  mikael 's voice is demonic and the atmosphere really took me in . 
  even though the video is silly , i went to check out opeth . 
  through them i found porcupine tree and developed a taste for progressive music . 
  one day a friend posted forget not on her facebook wall and i just sat in awe for the whole song . 
  i mean the violin + bass beginning that developed into a full on headbanging song , combined with the lyrics that mean a lot to me ( once i read them ) , the clean vs. growl vocal , i do n't know it 's just the combination of the opposites that i like so much . 
  same with opeth , agalloch and devin townsend for example . 
  it 's just so masterfully done that i like it . 
  i did n't have to get into it , i just listened to it and like it a lot . 
  saw them live this year at metaldays and they are as good live as they are in the studio . 
  reading books , playing instruments , watching movies/series on my computer , playing video games , reddit , jogging , programming , playing with and taking care of my rats . 
  before you make any rash decisions talk to her . 
  confront her with what she did and let her know that she never should do that again . 
  i mean if the relationship is serious enough . 
  you do n't like your soul do you ? 
  i like your attitude . 
  before the side note that is . 
  hm , then it must have been something else i tried , that didnt suit me well . 
  i do n't remember cocktails by their names it seems :d, 
  opeth - harlequin forest . 
  and no shia labeouf made it better too . 
  i do n't really hate the actor , but his script and his performance in crystal skull was just appaling . 
  i 'm not saying he ca n't act . 
  perhaps he did al he could with the given script . 
  but his character is annoying and i would be ok with it if he was n't even present in the movie . 
  i do n't like that type . 
  i mean bruce willis did the same with the new die hard and it sucked . 
  the `` son '' characters ruined both movies for me . 
  i found it as an expression of freedom . 
  i found 1,3,4 the good ones . 
  2 was ok and there was a bit of story tied to the sequels but the generic only one person in the house will survive . 
  reminded me too much of the cube . 
  i already liked him in eagle eye . 
  it was n't a brilliant movie , but fun to watch . 
  better script than transformers and crystal skull regarding shia 's character and he pulled it off well . 
  have n't seen fury yet . 
  depends on the movie though , he was perfect for his role in the departed . 
  now the happening is another story ... 
  i usually fell asleep on the bus riding home/to school in high school . 
  and usually i fell asleep in a straight position , but usually my head would later fall either to the window or on the shoulder of the person sitting next to me . 
  i have definitely creeped out a few people that way . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  it was basically torture porn for the whole movie and then in the last 5 minutes they made a `` shocking '' revelation which led to the twist ending and the end of the movie . 
  i only watched the fifth one after that , i had enough . 
  i 'm not doing either of those things :d, 
  well first you have to post a witty comment . 
  a lot of laughter . 
  return the slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaab . 
  is hallucination from malnourish . 
  when i tried to kill myself . 
  but i stopped soon enough to not have any long term physical damage . 
  are you a hipster ? 
  i prefer animals and piper at the gates of dawn . 
  well that was actually the turning point in my life . 
  i could n't believe that i saw that as a solution . 
  i guess i had enough of feeling helpless and thought that was the only way to have some control . 
  boy was i wrong . 
  i am doing better , not completely ok , but a lot better . 
  thank you , 
  if you ever want to talk , pm me . 
  i hope you get better and find something that helps you . 
  i 'll remember this for my next mass effect play through . 
  general of the felix legions . 
  loyal servant to the true emperor marcus aurelius . 
  be vewy vewy quiet , i 'm hunting wabbits . 
  i prefer the line up scene . 
  cracks me up every time . 
  we are flaming dragon !, 
  that 's just cruel . 
  that means you must live the longest life in history . 
  nothing but pretty much average in anything . 
  and the way benicio del toro laughs . 
  the whole segment when the cops are interrogating them is just hillarious . 
  i had three rats at home . 
  and all of them were sick in the last 6 months . 
  but one of them did n't make it . 
  and as he was pretty much catatonic and could n't walk on his own on of the other two came to him and started shaking his front legs really violently around him . 
  at first i did n't know what he was doing and it was very creepy . 
  but then it turned out that he was moving him around . 
  when he needed to go to the toilet he moved him . . moved him back too or to get food and so on .
