  like women are weak and have to be protected from pretty much everything . 
  while i did n't have that many problems , when i was questing there were two guy characters ( not sure of the gender of the actual players ) that whenever they met me , they opened a trade window to give me something - was pretty low level , so mostly food or mana potions etc. 
  but the funny thing was , when i declined the other guy would always start ranting about shame , since i declined the first guy 's gift . 
  they stopped after a while , but it was weird . 
  i have one toon for each class and some are male , others are female and whenever i choose to play a female , i kind of have to prepare myself for some weird things . 
  but it does n't always happen , i get left alone a lot too . 
  so maybe i 'm on the right server or something . 
  but that is n't too weird and i do n't consider it aimed at a specific gender . 
  i mean , i have a very low voice so my gender does n't get questioned but people always guess where i 'm from based on my english . 
  they always say : `` you sound like a russian . '', 
  while i am from a slavic country , i 'm not even close to russia . 
  when choosing the gender of my character i usually focus on general appearance and lore . 
  i like being lore friendly , since it helps with immersion . 
  especially with mmo 's that have a good story and a lot of lore to back it up . 
  for sp yeah , i agree with you . 
  if a game is interesting the gender does n't matter . 
  but some games have different stuff for other genders , so i like to explore both ( like mass effect does with dialogue/choices and clothes/armor for example ) . 
  i understand that women as well as men range from strong to weak . 
  but look at society in general . 
  kids are often still raised in two different ways . 
  boys are allowed to misbehave - the boys will be boys mentality . 
  we 're allowed to make rude jokes and just goof around . 
  while a lot of girls are raised to be ladies/princesses , that have to behave and be pretty . 
  not be interested too much in physical activity . 
  this is improving , but we 're still far from equal in the sense of society 's perception . 
  the change in gender roles is still not recognized by many . 
  to address your response . . what is ra ? 
  i do n't have any medical problems and am not the best mmo player . 
  who really cares ... 
  i do n't play in hardcore guilds or instances and only play for fun , that 's what games are for at least for me . 
  haha , but not based on their gender probably ? 
  now that i would n't mind , sure it would seem unusual , but hey i ca n't understand everything and in the end i would be happy , because i got something . 
  but those two guys did it to me multiple times . 
  we were all low level and questing in the same area . 
  every time they saw me . . same thing . 
  it got annoying eventually . 
  but schism at least has a positive message regarding lyrics and the symbolism in the video is also positive , even if a bit weird . 
  what shocked you about it ? 
  was n't that bad , i mean they were n't walking behind me , since we had the same quests and we were bound to meet often . 
  all in the same zone . 
  but they did n't have to make a big deal out of it . 
  i never met them again . 
  but seriously , i enjoyed the game with both . 
  oh shit , i ca n't even imagine that . 
  i mean , i had a bit of a carpal tunnel for a while when i was holding my guitar in a wrong way and could n't even move my left wrist . 
  but ca n't imagine having that every day . 
  was n't even remotely as severe as what you described . 
  yes there are , but as a society we still have n't rejected those stereotypes . 
  it has gotten better with time , but some still like to cling to their old beliefs . 
  there are a lot of information on pretty much everything , yet still we have people that believe some stupid things . 
  ah , ok , i see the difference . 
  that makes sense . 
  interesting . 
  i replay me once a year . 
  first two times i was male and just changed romances and some decisions i made . 
  but you ca n't romance garrus as male . 
  and he 's just the greatest character . 
  so i decided to go female . 
  not sure what i will do this year . 
  serious question . . what was so bad ? 
  i mean , duke nukem 3d was n't really something new when it came out . 
  same juvenile jokes and dn forever was pretty much the same thing with improved graphics and a few different mechanics . 
  never romanced him yet . 
  will have to try once . 
  maybe his turn is this year . 
  surely . 
  i 'm always careful to have enough renegade or paragon for virmire in general . 
  the first time it was quite a failure . 
  wrex did n't make it . 
  at least kirahhe did . 
  jim croce - operator ( that 's not the way it feels ), 
  and atheists that judge you for believing something that does n't affect them at all . 
  and it 's easier to hate a whole group , especially based on ignorance and fear . 
  but to be fair , i do n't think that a doctor , that does n't consider things like yoga before just giving a patient some pills would be a good doctor . 
  sadly it 's hard to determine how bad a mental illness is . 
  some people are more sensitive than others . 
  there is n't a global chart one can consult . 
  and what is a big deal to someone may not be a big deal to someone else . 
  as you said , it 's not a simple problem . 
  and to do that you must first realise and confess to yourself that what you are doing is wrong . 
  and the change is n't over night , it takes time . 
  look at mr. 
  stamina here . 
  yes , that is true . 
  male armors/clothes are lacking mostly . 
  * i know the pieces fit 'cause i watched them fall away . 
  mildewed and smoldering . 
  fundamental differing . 
  pure intention juxtaposed will set two lovers souls in motion, 
  disintegrating as it goes testing our communication . 
  first verse talks about a difference that leads two people to a dispute - arguing . 
  you seem very different with everyone about certain things/topics . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  * the light that fueled our fire then has burned a hole between us so, 
  we can not seem to reach an end crippling our communication . 
  they are both very passionate about each other and the difference crippled their communication . 
  an emphasis on the difference - maybe when you first notice a big difference it seems more radical . 
  especially in romantic relationships . 
  * i know the pieces fit 'cause i watched them tumble down, 
  no fault , none to blame , it does n't mean i do n't desire to,
