  restday . 
  i never understood this either . 
  holding children back ... what for ? 
  that could be treated as assault . 
  how would she like it if someone chopped off a part of her body without warning . 
  it does n't matter if they are dead cells ( like hair ) or not . 
  that 's the first year of elementary school here . 
  would have been awesome , but parents would n't go for it . 
  well some would but not a lot . 
  all three matrix movies . 
  * neither, 
  guess what i judge people for . 
  how different does one have to behave to be considered two-faced ? 
  please give me an example . 
  well i 'm going to die soon then . 
  over-confidence vs. feeling worthless . 
  crashed into a car while going downhill with my bike . 
  the car was going uphill . 
  oh and i was n't wearing a helmet . 
  yeah currently i have my job , my diploma and a project on the side , while trying to still practice music ( a bit of an obsession of mine ) . 
  so pretty much everything i do involves sitting down . 
  when i finish my diploma - then i will have more time , i used to exercise a lot , it 's been about two/three years since i stopped doing it . 
  it 's not hard to start again , but to continue doing it for a longer period of time . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  i asked , because sometimes i notice that i act different in different company or with different people . 
  but that is because we have different common grounds or a different relationship . 
  then again i am the opposite of what you wrote . . 1 on 1 i can talk endlessly ( and listen too ) in company of more than 5 people i 'm not really that talkative . 
  but then again i do n't feel comfortable in large groups . 
  does that make me come off as two-faced in your opinion ? 
  well that is a bit extreme . 
  but i could say i have at least 2 personalities . 
  at work i have to be almost completely different than at home , because i do n't want to lose my job . 
  but being different on so many levels is a bit too much i agree . 
  i am also different on reddit than in real life ... if people in my life knew what i write here sometimes :p, 
  yeah i agree that i should be moving around more . 
  but my job has taken so much time away that i have n't really adjusted yet . 
  i do take at least a walk every day but i feel like it 's not enough . 
  i started with violin for about three years , switched to guitar ( it 's about seven years now ) , my girlfriend is teaching me how to play piano at the moment . 
  maybe attempting to sing along counts ? 
  that 's a good idea , thanks , 
  yeah it happens to me too , reddit , youtube . . name a site . 
  but music keeps me sane . 
  whenever i feel bad/angry or happy/motivated i turn to music very quickly . 
  so it 's rather a matter of necessity and not of importance . 
  breathing as you ca n't talk unless you breathe . 
  now that is good to read , 
  it starts with listening for me too . . but i just ca n't help it , if i hear a really good song , i want to play it , kind of like obsession mode on :d, 
  tears do n't fall , they crash around me . 
  now you wrote like it 's an object . 
  that 's the other extreme . 
  i think somewhere in the middle the truth lies . 
  pets have personalities and feelings . 
  and it 's not easy putting them down . 
  but i do agree that comparing them with children is a bit extreme . 
  his brother biggus dickus definitely owns a pc . 
  edit : definitely is the right spelling as pointed out by / u/codsane, 
  yes , yes i did . 
  before you go go ? 
  there 's vomit on my sweater already , mom 's spaghetti . 
  would be funny to watch a bunch of boxes fighting each other . 
  but is n't farting while shitting and peeing completely normal ? 
  i 'm pretty much like you have written about yourself op , just that my native tongue is slovenian . 
  my point was that all three states of matter are usually the most normal thing you can do in the toilet if pooping . 
  now if the matter comes in three states out of the same hole . . that 's different . 
  good for him but does n't make a good movie . 
  the wedding singer is the one i like the best . 
  but they used to be good . 
  then they got stale . 
  i still listen to some of their songs from the state , not really that bad of an album . 
  maybe one or two on silver side up , but the rest i do n't want to hear . 
  i think so too . 
  summertime : a lot , since i tend to not wear clothes if i can help it . 
  not so much during the winter . 
  i think you dropped this : ,, 
  i was wondering what blood legs were for about a minute . 
  well if you are an electrician or someone who defuses bombs for a living you make only two mistakes in your lifetime . 
  first is selecting the profession , the second one is tied with your profession of choice . 
  hillary 's dead , you ca n't explain that . 
  i get the barbie thing as weird but why the fuck are the first three weird ? 
  a hobby that is fun for the whole family . 
  are you cereal ? 
  add to that being indecisive . 
  i do n't think enslavement of women is about sex , more about power in this case . 
  which only makes him more despicable in my opinion . 
  i think that watching them die and knowing you wo n't be next is even worse . 
  add to that being helpless to do anything about it . 
  watching them die one by one . 
  then be released . 
  well of course he harasses her , that 's the display of power/abuse . 
  just my view on things . 
  i 'm not saying it 's definitely true . 
  i am way more miserable , gloomy and angry than i let anyone know . 
  but on the plus side , i deal with those feelings on my own . 
  oh my yes , this is so annoying . 
  my mom does that . 
  whenever there is `` technical '' problem ( could be just a wrong password as in your case ) it 's a man 's job to fix it . 
  i mean she firmly believes that women are n't as good as men in technical fields of any kind . 
  now i know she was raised that way , but i wish she would just you know look around the world a bit and see how things really are . 
  i mean even the population at my college ( computer science ) consists of men and women and both do well and not to mention the teachers and assistants that are also represented by both genders . 
  but since she ca n't do it , no woman can apparently .
