  fool me once shame on me , fool me twice ... wo n't get fooled again . 
  i would extend that to : do n't speak unless you have something helpful to contribute . 
  unless you are asked to speak . 
  everybody hurts . 
  a good example of the same are the little woodland creatures and their christmas episode . 
  but why wo n't it read ? 
  why not a song ? 
  you do n't need lyrics to say something with a song . 
  agalloch - hallways of enchanted ebony , summerisle reprise and all three our fortress is burning songs . 
  they are very different from each other that 's why i named three . 
  anaal nathrakh - todos somos humanos has pretty much the same message . 
  their music is n't really sad though . 
  i 'm so sorry kairuu . 
  huh , you are right . 
  sorry , my mistake . 
  til . 
  well to be fair some of the beauty of being human are emotions . 
  i do however agree , that we should be rational more frequently . 
  depends on the situation really . 
  * ridiculous over the top red guy laugh *, 
  abandoned as a pup , he was found by muriel who lives in the middle of nowhere with her husband eustace bagg !, 
  but creepy stuff happens in nowhere , it 's up to courage to save his new home !, 
  stupid dog , you make me look bad !, 
  and also present in i am weasel . 
  quietly in my sleep or just fade away . 
  if it has to be while awake or in a violent way and not instant , drowning/suffocation is the best one i can think of . 
  well chances are i have a car accident as i drive at least for a half an hour everyday . 
  chances of someone killing me are low as i live in quite a quiet city and you rarely get into trouble without looking for it - but who knows i just might be a lucky person . 
  drowning , choking is always on the table . . be it at sea or in a pool or while eating and something gets stuck in my throat . 
  those are the ones connected with my actions that can happen at any time and are most likely . 
  then judging by my family history i may have a heart attack , cancer or diabetes . 
  if i will be like my grandpa , i will win the lottery with all three . 
  then there is always a chance of suicide as i do n't know what the future will bring . 
  but at the moment this one is the least likely . 
  yeah we do suck at that . 
  for example i am very inclined to wish you a happy cake day , even though it signifies only the time you have been on reddit and is not really an achievement to be celebrated as anyone can create an account and wait a year . 
  not to mention , that i do n't even know you . 
  but i feel like it 's a nice thing to do , so : happy cake day :d, 
  ignorance with a combination of not willing to learn , but where will we put all these people ? 
  i also do not express my emotions very well . 
  this is a very good idea . 
  i would also like to add that , we should work on preventing this in the first place . 
  educate ourselves to recognize mental illness , not make it taboo or attach a stigma to it , so people would talk more openly about it . 
  and learn to help in any way we can . 
  we ca n't cure people , but we can at least not put them down for it . 
  let 's stop blaming the media and our history for this and have some self reflection about how we treat others . 
  some people have mental illnesses that could be managed if only their families and peers would n't ridicule them or put them down for it . 
  death . 
  i tell them that one song is n't enough as there is a lot of music i really like . 
  lotr and the hobbit trilogy are also very distinctly different in this regard . 
  lotr trilogy used more cgi as the movies progressed , but i found it ok . 
  while the hobbit just went all out with the cgi and that was just bad . 
  some of it was good , but mostly there was too much of it . 
  there was a question about putting samuel l. jackson in a movie and someone wrote generation x , instead of edward norton . 
  i did n't get the joke and pointed out how it would n't work . 
  most people would n't believe what i wrote , so they would n't connect it with me . 
  those who know me really well could figure it out , but that is just a handful of people . 
  i still do n't understand why no one likes this one . 
  it 's so awkward and that alone is what makes the office funny . 
  but that 's different . 
  you recognize you are bad at one type of tasks but better at other tasks . 
  if you make an arrangement , that 's fine . 
  but saying that as an excuse is just lame . 
  i like your logic . 
  in my opinion that does n't work as an explanation either but instead leads me to the conclusion that the person who used this excuse is too blind/ignorant or scared to ever question what their parents taught them . 
  i mean if you are more than 17 years old and have never questioned your parents about some things they taught you , then i do n't know what the hell you are doing with your life . 
  and i have nothing against parents , it 's just no one can be perfect as we are all human and if i ever have kids and they teach me something to better myself , that would indicate that i have raised them well . 
  if they would blindly follow me , i will feel like a failure . 
  no they would not . 
  i define motivation as something that drives you to learn , live and improve yourself . 
  not giving a fuck does not necessarily contradict that . 
  i meant that module more as an improvement of courage , rather than being lazy . 
  and more or less doing what you want and not minding what others feel about it , what happened in the past and similar things that can distract one from doing productive things . 
  i can see how it can be seen as a contradiction though . 
  which god if i may ask ? 
  as i believe in a notion that there might be something/someone we would call god but do n't necessarily follow the theistic definition of a god . 
  good point and i completely agree . 
  but the first comment was rational thinking so that 's why i said that emotions are also a good thing , while i should have written that the choice between our emotional or rational response is the beautiful thing about being human . 
  i did n't express it well , you have done a much better job of it . 
  perhaps , but i can not know that , perhaps they are muslim and are thinking of allah . 
  or maybe their own interpretation . 
  edit : but this time you were right it seems :d, 
  wow , til an interesting fact about orangutans . 
  hey man you should go to a dentist to fix that hole in your tooth . 
  well yes , but being human , we can do both . 
  you can choose to ignore your feelings/instincts or go against them . 
  or you can respond emotionally . 
  i really liked the movie . 
  but watching it multiple times is out of the question . 
  maybe after a few years yeah , but not any time soon . 
  it 's not a bad movie and it 's an interesting idea with a lot of interesting dialogue and music . 
  but it 's far from one of the best movies made . 
  i prefer inglorious basterds or reservoir dogs when it comes to tarantino . 
  so i agree it 's very overrated , but not bad . 
  what did you not like about it ? 
  do you mean the one with nicholas cage ? 
  because the original is very good . 
  i agree , it is very slow . 
  but that does n't really bother me , so i have n't found it dull . 
  not so sure about pretentious , but that 's a matter of opinion anyway .
