  here it is . 
  but i think it 's very silent , the sound is awful and i am playing to a backtrack . 
  only guitar though . 
  i ca n't play anything else at this point . 
  edit : also definitely a few mistakes . 
  thanks , i have to re-record that with a better sound , or maybe do another one , not sure yet . 
  have moved to d-standard/drop c nowadays . 
  well i consider devin metal and your cover does not suck !, 
  the guitar is ibanez art120 . 
  if you ignore most of the movie , then yeah you could get there . 
  i mean the violence is shown in such a realistic way , so that it is n't really glorified - maybe the `` bite the curb '' bit in the beginning . 
  but the incident in the shop , the one at home with his sister or not to mention the one in prison - it 's just uncomfortable , as it should be . 
  you can really see how horrible he was to his family . 
  maybe people under 16 , but from 16 onwards you can have some very smart and empathetic people . 
  some get it sooner , others later . 
  too bad this gets mentioned every time someone mentions the matrix on reddit . 
  speaking of phillip k. dick - a scanner darkly . 
  great animated movie , great book too . 
  more witches !, 
  it 's amazing how a family can go from guy who invented fire , to guy who invented one of the ugliest looking shoe in existence . 
  how do you know which sticks are average and which are the special ones ? 
  10 ways a pat on the back might actually kill you . 
  number 3 shocked a great world leader . 
   5 reasons why constantinople was an inside job . 
  we could n't believe number 6 !, 
  jet fuel ca n't melt rock pillars !, 
  for a few minutes i was wondering if amazon delivers sticks called fire . 
  i feel stupid now . 
  maybe they were friends in high school . 
  they 're avin ' a laugh !, 
  to the gold station !, 
  just print the damn thing !, 
  see you on the other side of the router . 
  could the bloodshot eyes and bloody foam be a result of salt water or chlorine in water ? 
  or is it the body 's reaction to extreme stress , which would be normal for any kind of longer process of dying ? 
  tv tropes is funny sometimes . 
  i 've been reading nightmare fuel and while a few things are genuinely frightening , there is way scarier stuff out there . 
  or maybe i 'm just too used to seeing scary shit . 
  ok , mr. ramsay snow . 
  serious question , since i was in a similar position ... 
  where do you draw the line with someone who has issues ? 
  i had a friend who had issues - maybe still has them , but after they had done a certain thing that i do n't want to go into too much detail of - i could n't bring myself to care any more . 
  it felt really malicious from their side - sort of like revenge , even if it was a part of their mental disorder . 
  mentioning professional help just made matters worse - i learned that once and never brought it up again . 
  but i really think it was/maybe still is needed . 
  do you have any siblings ? 
  not all of us are friendly with them . 
  tread carefully , because you tread on my dreams !, 
  nothing can melt rock pillars !, 
  be wary , lest you be poisoned by your enemies !, 
  comfy , but uggly . 
  you 're a beast . 
  fair enough , i was just curious . 
  do n't fix it if it ai n't broke . 
  that ramsay fellow is a bastard , literally and figuratively . 
  well the girls are , the shoes are n't . 
  well a bit of steel through the chest is rather poisonous and ramsay was lord rooses enemy at the time so technically ... 
  i was n't disputing your statement in any way . 
  just asking , because you ended your answer with that and wanted your opinion . 
  thanks for answering . 
  i love you ash , i mean miranda . 
  a butt pirate , sir . 
  `` this is my rifle , this is my gun , one is for stapling the other for fun ! '', 
  see my gf and i are lucky , we are both crazy . 
  just that i 'm more of a put in the milk and then cereal crazy , she 's more like pineapple on pizza crazy . 
  that 's actually impressive if she is in the shower with you at the time . 
  that would be even more impressive . 
  in regards to your username : you have not enough minerals !, 
  oh shit , is ghandi going to nuke us ? 
  pls respond quickly !, 
  i do n't think nerf modding and too far make sense in the same sentence . 
  wait do n't tell me you 're one of those people that mixes mustard and ketchup !, 
  i ca n't believe what the world has come to . 
  yeah , it 's really good to see what people come up with . 
  show me your stapling face !, 
  i 'm not that crazy . 
  makes sense , would you want to mess with a giant and his mammoths ? 
  dude was really dedicated . 
  that reminds me of my first time i played oblivion . 
  i did n't know about tes games before so oblivion was also my first tes game . 
  this was a long time ago , but i did n't really know the rules all that well . 
  i stole a horse . 
  lost the horse and a guard was chasing me wherever i went . 
  i was on my way to kvatch and dude just did n't give up . 
  i 'm sure he would have followed me to oblivion itself . 
  i was so amazed and kept looking at them that i fell into the water . 
  then i got lost under the ice and drowned . 
  haha , yeah that really broke immersion . 
  it 's like their disposition towards the player got ignored when they were talking about quests and rewards and such , but when the conversation is over , they just went back to hating you . 
  well at least that vaccine works well against stds . 
  me too , thanks . 
  - michael scott, 
  saves your comment , so it 's less obvious . 
  i can always click parent and get the goods . 
  how dare you bring logic and reason into this comment chain !, 
  i bet your parents are/were well adjusted too . 
  well are you still breathing ? 
   i 'd suggest mentioning that you 'd like to get off during sex too, 
  it 's weird for me that this has to be mentioned at all . 
  the how is an important part obviously .
