  but her father says nothing of it . 
  recently happened to me , too . 
  i made it to whiterun and adrianne lay dead at the crafting table . 
  proventus never said a thing , while she mentioned him all the time while she was alive . 
  is n't that just for werewolves ? 
  i forgot , but i think you can search while a vampire lord ... i was always overencumbered when i reverted form , so i just remained a vampire as much as i could . 
  it might have been a mod i had . 
  i could use first person and loot . 
  but i never was a horse or something . 
  could you provide a few examples of what you deem good story telling ? 
  i 'm just curious , maybe i 'm missing out on some great stories out there . 
  thanks . 
  i 've played old fallouts , have n't tried baldur 's gate yet . 
  i can completely relate to this . 
  it 's like watching movies in a monty python sketch . 
  such bickering and lengthy explanations for something so silly . 
  it 's like the dirty spoon sketch or the argument clinic or something . 
  i started joking as an answer when asked stuff like that . 
  nothing insulting or patronizing about not keeping up with the movie , just some silly stuff that cross my mind . 
  it 's funnier when she believes it , but she can catch on quite quickly most of the time and we both have a laugh . 
  yes , exactly . 
  do n't overdo it , so she wo n't get hyped and then nothing will happen . 
  do n't change a minor detail either , or she might search for it the whole movie . 
  it has to be bizarre enough to not happen but real enough to be plausible . 
  it 's a hard thing to do , i have failed many times . 
  yes , have played it , it 's great . 
  but given the moral choices and all , i preferred bioshock 2 . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong , the first one is awesome . 
  but in the second one i actually asked myself what to do a few times . 
  in the first one , if you found and listened to the tapes , you knew exactly what you had to do . 
  nonetheless it was a great game and a great story , but the morality was very transparent , when you had the choice of what to do that is . 
  played the last three , they are indeed awesome . 
  ca n't seem to get morrowind stable enough on my pc to play it . 
  witcher is on my to play list . 
  i was wondering if i would just dive straight into wild hunt , are the parts connected at all ? 
  given your suggestion , i might start with the first one . 
  i will look into infinity engines games , thanks for suggesting . 
  so an assassination is not an assault , curious . 
  given his over estimation of himself , that 's still pretty decent though . 
  do n't mean to be rude , but i 'm too busy to talk right now . 
   you 're welcome man , i also recommend vampire the masquerade bloodline if you 're someone who finds vampires and their lore interesting . 
  really great game . 
  i 'll pick up most games if they have well explained lore . 
  even if it means something completely new , so again , thanks for recommending . 
  well currently i 'm in the middle of playing fallout so witcher will have to wait . 
  but i think , i will not go directly to the third one . 
   cube , i feel like i did n't care enough about the characters to really get into the movie . 
  vice versa goes for me . 
  but maybe because i saw cube before i watched saw . 
  i 'm not saying saw is a bad movie , but i prefer cube . 
  i have n't seen cabin in the woods yet , but i do like cube zero . 
  except maybe the religious theme is a bit too much . 
  hm , interesting . 
  perhaps it 's time to see it . 
  i feel like the hobbit , while it got some things right , it got so many things wrong just for the sake of trying to make a point about the world . 
  edit : and they also tried to make the movie watchable for people who like hollywood movies . 
  to be fair , a lot of people watching movies often let go of creepy things they see on screen , just because the hero or a beloved character does it . 
  you just have to tell the story the right way , have a very much liked actor/actress in the abusive role and maybe put on a happy ending , market it as a romantic movie and that 's it . 
  often enough to fool a lot of people . 
  ghost of mother , lingering death . 
  ghost on mother 's bed . 
  also from the same album another song :, 
  into the trees, 
  past meadow grounds, 
  and further away from my home, 
  baying behind me, 
  i hear the hounds, 
  flock 's chasing to find me alone, 
  completely different chills each time . 
  both amazing intros . 
  unless the bride has a really really really really really really really really great sense of humour . 
  suffocation - torn into enthrallment . 
  david bowie - tis ' a pity she was a whore . 
  the whole song . 
  every time i tried to put my rats back into their cage , they surprised me . 
  i get the hang of one trick , they figure out something else . 
  it 's like the virus - antivirus cycle in it . 
  more like :, 
  blackadder : milk , milk , bloody milk . 
  witchsmeller persuviant : bloody milk !, 
  the way he always raises his voice is so hilarious . 
  that is one of the best episodes . 
  wait pure slapstick ? 
  is n't slapstick more a physical kind of comedy ? 
  i mean while there is some of that , i would n't call it pure slapstick . 
   these days it would never have lasted more than one series . 
  that 's a damn shame . 
  the first season is what got me into blackadder . 
  i mean , i would have continued watching even if i started with any of the seasons . 
  but the first season has it 's charm for me . 
  the relationships between harry and the loudest king of england , his wife and blackadder are just great . 
  i do n't know they work together very well for me . 
  does this look like the face of a madman to you ? 
  ok , bad example . 
  music . 
  i usually have a song in my head , it 's on autopilot now . 
  if i 'm alone for enough time , i might just start singing . 
  playing an instrument . 
  it looks cool , just do n't let them hear you . 
   they 're a meat coated skeleton,
