  the funny bit is that queen boinkable has not been boinked by either of her husbands . 
  book sand snakes are very good though . 
  but the little girl that was burnt could have been payment . 
  sort of a pre-paid resurrection . 
  include nymeria into this scheme somehow . 
  so davos would just look back at him annoyed and ask : `` you are not a bright lad are you ? '', 
  surely . 
  and now in a jail cell with the high sparrow and all that confess bullshit . 
  while all she wanted was some legit boinking . 
  well i understand that , but things also go right . 
  that 's why i like the books , they do both bad and good , but still keep it realistic . 
  i mean , it 's a shit situation in the kingdom at the moment and there are a lot of bad things going on . 
  no , that 's the beauty of the series for me . 
  i do n't care who wins , i do n't think any house is innocent . 
  i hope that they will have to work together somehow ( not everyone and not immediately of course ) as a means of survival . 
  and i do n't think that the three are smartest , bravest or most ride-or-die . 
  tyrion is brave , smart but is also incredibly naive at times and his upbringing often takes the best of him . 
  dany was also very naive . 
  she wanted to change the world . 
  a lot of her actions were not too wise . 
  and while i understand what she was trying to do , she failed . 
  i think jon is the smartest and bravest of the three . 
  not book smart , but diplomatic and sees the big picture . 
  he does n't fuck around when it comes to survival . 
  and he has paid the price for it . 
  but i still think that there will have to be some kind of a union . 
  some unlikely allies . 
  in my opinion the red wedding was one of the predictable events . 
  well the result of it at least . 
  i did n't know how , but i knew what will happen . 
  maybe the scale of it was a bit unexpected , but the `` main '' characters 's fate was sealed when robb married another . 
  dude must be dizzy . 
  they are not ours to own . 
  i also support customers as part of my job and at the time when i am at work , i have to do pretty much everything they ask , unless if it 's impossible to do . 
  at the time it 's pretty much like they own the situation - my services . 
  if my client would approach me off the clock and act entitled to me doing something for them , i would happily inform them when my working hours are . 
  unless it would be the end of the world kind of thing . 
  i heard some great singing that made me interested in music . 
  i 've been playing different music now , but listening to some religious music is very soothing sometimes . 
  it 's very beautiful to me . 
  he went to town on his ass . 
  also wrists . 
  or people who ca n't have kids . 
  surely , but the animal is n't to blame in that case . 
  yeah , i find both parts of the extreme spectrum a red flag in this case . 
  for example if someone does n't like or wants to hurt animals , that 's a flag . 
  if on the other hand someone prioritizes animals instead of people , well that is another red flag too . 
  like people that are complaining that others are cruel to animals but on the other hand humanity is cancer and most people should be killed . 
  i would have a problem because you do n't want your own animals . 
  i do n't think you hate animals , but living with me basically means having animals in the house at one point or another . 
  i would n't expect you to do everything , but there would come a point where you would have to help me take care of said animals . 
  and i believe there would be a clash of interests . 
  not a red flag though . 
  you seem very rational about the issue . 
  define animal hoarder . 
  i mean where is the line between having a few pets and being a hoarder ? 
  what if you ask or the thread of discussion goes that way ? 
  for example a very frequent theme in discussion are parents . 
  i do n't have one , never knew him , never will . 
  but that seems very personal for let 's say the first date or something . 
  also a big downer for a conversation . 
  what do you do then ? 
  also the office ( uk ) . 
  inferno ... 
  that does n't sound too bad . 
  it should be . 
  felt more natural though . 
  us office felt cartooney . 
  which is good but a different kind of comedy . 
  depends on the style of humour that is funny to you . 
  i mean the uk office is still meant as a comedy . 
  just the cringe level can go to 11 . 
  but yeah the us office has more positive conclusions in general . 
  it 's a feel good series . 
  i can understand people not liking it . 
  but i do . 
  i like both , each in their own way . 
  if you want an angry one , check out nevermore 's cover of sound of silence . 
  it 's deliberately made into a completely different song . 
  i find the idea lacking . 
  it was too cheesy . 
  performance was top notch , but as an actor with a bad script , you can only do so much . 
  when does it get metal ? 
  more like a rock ballad in my opinion . 
  but i would like to read your opinion . 
  one comment is a circle jerk ? 
  sure you can deem it an angry one , but for me it was n't , since i heard an angrier version . 
  no one is questioning your knowledge of music , i just wanted to point out the other version and that 's all . 
  if you do n't like it , i do n't care . 
  we are all entitled to our own opinions now are n't we ? 
  edit : sorry , misread the thing about the circle jerk . 
   you 'd have to be a psychopath to empathize with jenny . 
  did you forget the part where her father abused her ? 
  at least it 's implied that he has . 
  or maybe she just came out of a broken home and maybe seeing forrest reminds her of that . 
  so she constantly runs away from him . 
  or maybe she is off to find herself . 
  she does change a few groups with which she associates herself . 
  i think you would more likely be a psychopath if you do n't even try to empathize with jenny . 
  not everyone has an easy childhood and it fucks them up as adults .
