  yeah the fluidity of the scene against the pop music made a great contrast . 
  also that kill where he looked straight into the eyes of a henchman . 
  i ca n't drink cool milk , that 's what wine and beer are for or water . 
  but milk and tea must be warm . 
  unless it 's ice tea , but that 's not like regular tea . 
  i want off reddit 's meta ride . 
  that would be such a turn of concepts . 
  everyone not initially handicapped will become handicapped due to not being a cyborg-person . 
  i 'm the opposite of you in this case . 
  i do n't fear the thought of being dead . 
  but the path to getting there gives me chills . 
  once i 'm so far in it that it 's unavoidable and i know that i ca n't do anything to prevent it , i might as well go through with it . 
  everyone will have to do it at some point . 
  that 's why i always laugh when someone gets on my back for not being religious in a traditional sense . 
  i 'll find out one day and it will be subjective , that 's all i need . 
  i find x funnier , he likes to hang out with numbers a lot , but it sure is hard to find him sometimes . 
  yes , exactly . 
  and if i 'm talking about something , voice your opinion on it once i 'm done . 
  if you just stay silent , i have the feeling you 're not even listening . 
  that 's what my gf does sometimes and it annoys me a lot . 
  quick but long enough for the guy to notice it was intentional . 
  unless there is an urgent situation that you are expecting or someone has n't called that should have - like business or family emergencies . 
  it 's not a problem if you tell me - i might be on my phone for x and y in the middle of our date . 
  some people are genuinely busy . 
  to me it does n't matter - as long as the person is n't harming others or telling them how to live , i do n't care which religion or what kind of ideas they have . 
  one can also make their own `` religion '' as in believe in what means something to you - be it a combination of religions that exist or something you made up all of yourself . 
  we experience the world in our own way any way , no one can tell us how we should feel or whom we should admire or not . 
  as long as you are n't harmful to others deliberately , believe whatever you want . 
  that was my first thought when my pants got tighter . 
  then i saw my legs/ass in the mirror and realised that i 'm sitting down way too much for the past year and a half . 
  my job involves programming and i also do stuff on the computer at home for my little projects . 
  i stand up while playing guitar but have n't exercised in well about as much time as i got a job . 
  i 've always been the skinny one , but i 'm getting fatter . 
  or even afterwards . 
  nah , she is listening . 
  i did tell her if she could tell me what she thinks or i ask her and she responds . 
  but sometimes i forget to ask and she does n't respond . 
  it 's really not that bad . 
  and sometimes she just does n't know what to say , when we talk about things she does n't know a lot about or vice versa - and then i remain silent . 
  i 'm still very delighted that after six and a half years , we can talk about something completely new . 
  i just wanted to be funny too , make the guy/girl laugh . 
  i mean having a mother in law visiting is annoying . 
  and i was n't contradicting your comment . 
  but that is the only exception . 
  if it can wait , let it wait until the end of the date . 
  opeth - harlequin forest . 
  pretty much full range there . 
  #am i not merciful ? 
  to deny our own impulses is to deny the very thing that makes us human . 
  age of empires ii ( who am i kidding , i still play it ) . 
  what did you catapult cows at random observers ? 
  male : keannu reeves, 
  female : kate beckinsale, 
  i see the nsa still likes to click save on people 's posts on reddit . 
  i constantly fuck myself and i do n't even have to use my dick to do it . 
  i do n't think religion regards it as cheating . 
  but doing it only for the pleasure is not in accordance to most religious beliefs - abstinence instead of indulgence is what they usually preach . 
  oh , sorry i misunderstood what you were trying to say . 
  hogfather by terry pratchet . 
  my gf bought it for me - she said it 's something different for me to read . 
  i like it so far . 
  what if i have an idea about some event that happened to a person ? 
  that i actually died a long time ago and am just experiencing myself in that split second of consciousness i have left . 
  seems to last for a lifetime and once i 'm dead , i wo n't know which was the real one . 
  not that it matters really . 
  hitting rock bottom . 
  once i realized what i actually did , my life instantly changed . 
  my perception of myself changed radically and it was n't too late to change , so here i am trying to live every day . 
  it 's also a bad joke ... 
  but then again it makes sense that to have a great mind you need to have a small mind first . 
  so you do n't have to only talk about ideas , but should n't be devoid of them . 
  i like the description of why it 's named anglerfish . 
  because it 's a fish that fishes fish . 
  not all fishes fish but this one does . 
  the last two seem as if they are shocked by the pictures in that album . 
  some are cute though . 
  kept me really scared up until the last thing the people experimented on say . 
  i never went from scared to laughing that fast . 
  but the rest was brilliant . 
  bioshock helped too . 
  but yeah fallout started that way before bioshock existed . 
  i 'm just not sure how many people remember the first one . 
  i 'm of the opposite opinion . 
  we have only one life to live , according to science ... 
  but why be scared of it ? 
  it gives me power , motivation . 
  surely i wo n't be able to experience everything , but i do n't have to . 
  all i have to really do is try to lead a life where i bring joy to myself and those closest to me . 
  i ca n't change the whole world , i ca n't help everyone , but i sure can do little things that help and i think that 's all that matters . 
  and even if i do n't get publicly recognized for it , why would it matter ? 
  i think that if i leave my loved ones with a bit of help rather than a bit of trouble after i die , that 's all i can do . 
  you ca n't help them live well until they die , that 's up to them eventually . 
  you just reminded me that i forgot to take out today 's lunch . 
  i live alone , but will have to eat something else apparently . 
  i do n't get what is so scary about it . 
  squid with a small head . 
  would n't want to meet it , but i do n't want to meet a bear , lion etc. 
  in the wild either . 
  i really like this one instrumentally , not vocally.cohen 's voice fits the song best . 
  steven wilson - thank you .
