  i can never tell on reddit to be honest . 
  edit : his username also looks normal - maybe that threw me off . 
  smarter than the average bear . 
  obviously you have n't put enough . 
  i always put in a bit extra of it and everyone say it 's to die for . 
  i 've had no complaints yet . 
  well i have forrest gumped a lot of things , but i 'm stupid enough not to run away . 
  if the person has problems . 
  social anxiety , bad situation etc. 
  then some people ( i 'm one of them ) prefer to be alone every now and then . 
  exception to the social creature rule if you will . 
  i can keep myself busy even if alone so time passes quickly even if i do n't see other people , so i do n't miss company . 
  well of course you are if you only hear your alarm once . 
  hit the snooze button and be very alarmed . 
  i have four alarms set . 
  one is very early , so i can sleep on and perhaps dream something i will remember - it usually helps if it 's five hours after i have gone to sleep . 
  second is the one if i want/have to be early at work . 
  third is the one where i still have time for breakfast and shower - the most commonly used one . 
  fourth is a backup , if all else fails , i wake up a bit late and hurry . 
  it 's also the most violent one - think decapitated/bloodbadth/cannibal corpse etc. 
  that one day one of my weirder dream will come true . 
  now do n't think i 'm crazy . . but sometimes my dream comes true with slight differences . 
  not the actual events always , but the mood/feeling and i get a deja vu . 
  perhaps i dream of common places , it 's probably bound to happen any way . 
  but damn sometimes i have weird dreams , but real enough so it 's believable . . so yeah . 
  i know it 's bullshit but that is the second thing i think of , besides going wtf did i just dream . 
  source ? 
  did you just prefer percy ? 
  or does he annoy you and is therefore a great character as that is what he was made for ? 
  i dare not imagine what they mean to explain . 
  also beyond the dark portal expansion . 
  there are so many it 's getting hard to swallow . 
  yes arthas does have amazing cinematics and story . 
  but i also like the frozen throne - i played that while listening to agalloch - pale folklore and it was a great combination for when arthas deals with the nerubians ( if my memory serves me well ) . 
  if you mean the mercs that burn ships , that 's still reign of chaos . 
  i mean when he goes to azjol-nerub in tft . 
  yeah the last two/three missions in the human campaign are just awfully hard . 
  yes that one . 
  well if you are a paladin - no problem . 
  a lich can be killed , but then again the lich king is a very powerful entity indeed and even illidan fails to kill him . 
  but there is a way and with a little help from kil ` jaeden you could do it . 
  true , but the way illidan was trying to kill the lich king was n't through direct conflict . 
  that was even before arthas became the lich king . 
  true , but i found the missions a lot easier than the ones in the human campaign . 
  proof : woof woof ? 
  well given that the thing is over his head , probably not in ass :d, 
  good movie . 
  oh right , that 's mambo . 
  she/he was recovering , we do n't know what happened . 
  he-man version is the best . 
  katatonia - brave, 
  not necessarily in means of love , but experiencing loss in general . 
  yeah me too , or steve buscemi . 
  moonlight sonata . 
  i like the range of feelings it entails , like ups and downs in life . 
  begins sad/apprehensive , goes to happy and then just chaos of perhaps both . 
  i get the occasional smile when walking down the street . 
  it makes my day much better . 
  programming . 
  you do n't need a high end computer to do it as a hobby . 
  if it turns into something more , then it can get expensive . 
  you do n't own cat , cat owns you . 
  i do n't mind natural selection . 
  well it 's coarse and it gets everywhere . 
  keep in mind , that this counts even if only one song from the album is played . 
  where nothing is meant to go in , only out . 
  well i 'm one of those people that would n't find you weird . 
  no matter the gender , if you smile at me , i will smile back . 
  i may be wrong , but i think the movies are swedish . 
  i do agree however , the original three are way better . 
  ~ ~ red ~ ~ rad smartphone . 
  no story , only laughter . 
  dad - non existent , do n't even remember him . 
  mom - we get along as long as we do n't talk about religion . 
  otherwise a great mom - did what she could with three kids on her own . 
  if i can , i hold it in until i am alone and then let it out . 
  if i ca n't , then just let it go . 
  you have a child , that could help a million people but would die in the process . 
  opeth - the roundhouse tapes . 
  just the right songs and an amazing performance . 
  i do n't get it , 
  and letting a million people die is morally ok ? 
  ok a fix in the setup . . the child is the only way to do it . 
  you have a week to make your decision . 
  and there is no way you can find an alternative in five weeks . 
  anathema - distant satellites, 
  my message tone is the standard windows phone message tone . 
  season six onwards emphasises drama too much , there is still humour , i 'll give you that . 
  and the actors are still hot be it male or female . 
  but the action is pretty much predictable . 
  the fountain . 
  well the first three times it is n't shitty . 
  then it gets frustrating . 
  yes the choice is very important . 
  the voice acting can be awesome , but playing a game for the third time , i do n't want to hear all of the dialogue . 
  if that was a sims mishap i want to ~ ~ hear ~ ~ read the story . 
  i do n't usually talk too loud all the time , unless i 'm singing/growling . 
  but when i 'm drunk i talk a lot , fast and yell like a moron . 
  why do n't you like it ? 
  why do n't you like it ?
