  mussolini had the view that that the italian state was the successor to the roman empire therefore it should have north africa and the med as part of its sphere of influence . 
  the idea of italians exceptionalism built upon the conquests of the romans were quite prominent amongst italian fascists . 
  even that 's a shit source . 
  tldr of this shit is basically nowhere near as many as people make out using vague definitions of invasion, 
  idk does n't an invasion usually constitute something that is unwelcome ? 
  last time i checked the english did n't take the entire french and spanish empires so your comment is largely redundant, 
  thanks geoff . 
  then does pearl habour or the japanese balloon bombs during ww2 constitute an invasion of america ? 
  bombing something is n't an invasion . 
  fair enough i just thought it was another case of they came from that region therefore they are x even if said culture did n't exist, 
  that map is generally bullshit . 
  it classes such trivial things as troops passing through as invasion and empires as well which exacerbates it massively when you consider the british were at war with the spanish and french empires many times but did n't really go to many of their colonial possessions, 
  were they by any definition polish though ? 
  or is it like when people claim charlemagne was belgian ... he was n't, 
  but nothing blair did towards healthcare or education lowered access to them . 
  he did move labour away from the 80s rhetoric that capitalism is inherently evil and promoted the labour party on the basis of fair capitalism that is n't exploitative . 
  sanders and corbyn do differ in foreign policy . 
  sanders would have still supported military action against isis , corbyn would n't , corbyn said he 'd never use the armed forces or declare war , sanders would , corbyn holds sympathetic views towards terrorists , sanders does n't . 
  your first paragraph sounds like blair, 
  he has hardly anything in common with sanders ; in fact bar maybe free tuition anything sanders asks for is generally accepted here as normal, 
  it allows them to guarantee the savings of customers , give out loans etc. 
  a bank is s life line of economy . 
  you 're an idiot, 
  what would you describe him as ? 
  because that would just straight up devalue the currency and offer no benefits what so ever . 
  yeah . 
  it 's great is n't it . 
  having a choice between someone trying to make us air strip one and a man who has no chance of gaining power because he 's a deluded far left moron . 
  a poll came out about a week ago showing that 18-24 were now more likely to vote for may then corbyn . 
  out of every socio-economic and age group he loses yet he wo n't resign . 
  the guardian really is milking the already apparent mess getting anything official for the government is . 
  he messed up a forecast , a prediction . 
  economics is n't some exact science a large part is taking applicable knowledge and making an educated guess . 
  quantitative easing worked . 
  it stabilised british and american banks and the ecb soon followed, 
  why would she resign ? 
  she can run the country for 3 more years without an election, 
  that would imply what you wrote is remotely humorous to begin with, 
  written in text everything is an interpretation, 
  he 's talking about areas formally part of germany not places occupied by germany . 
  i mean is n't that the purpose of civil services in a democracy . 
  they 're not meant to make public allegations and carry out what the government asks of them . 
  without a functional civil service the government ca n't really carry out what it 's meant to do . 
  but obviously your trying to negatively spin this as usual . 
  many romanians on this sub generalise the actions of the uk and then complain people stereotype them as gypsies ; the irony, 
  come on in a the relationship france would definitely be the womanly figure that cooks good food , dresses well etc whereas the uk is the father that used to care until you moved out but now whenever you see him he 's usually drunk ranting about immigrants and watching football . 
  that report focuses on the perception of people on benefits which is down to the financial crisis making people look for someone or thing to blame and the people on benefits are always an easy target . 
  plus that link does n't discount my point perception is not improvement, 
  labour literally upgraded pretty much every . 
  a&e in the country he lowered poverty and you portray that as in actuality lowering welfare payments even though lowering poverty increases the wealth of a country overall . 
  i think you have a bias mate . 
  look at what he did without it and you might appreciate why many would n't mind a blair 2.0 that is n't actually ... blair, 
  the good friday agreement , modernisation of the nhs , the national minimum wage , lowered child and pensioner poverty to mention a few not only that he took a party with many socialist and communist fringe sections ( corbyn ) and embraced capitalism ; while still championing equal opportunities and equality and eradication of poverty thus allowing labour to lead for 13 years ; a period in which blair made the tories look radical and out of touch . 
  not really . 
  if someone replicates what blair achieved they would be . 
  iraq was a mistake no doubt but what he achieved despite that crucial failing was amazing you 're just using a strawman `` well blair joined in a war and made a massive mistake therefore hitler '', 
  food maybe ? 
  even then i personally prefer italian cuisine to french . 
  italian food is certainly abundant in britain probably more so then any other . 
  i guess the french are good at pastry but the austrians might have something to say about that . 
  i was giving you the benefit of the doubt ; you 're either a troll or retarded, 
  honestly if you take iraq out of the equation blair was a better leader then corbyn will ever me . 
  but if you get someone with a similar ideology to blair that wo n't follow the us on a hunch of wmds then sure ; i think they 'd be better then blair, 
  he 's a troll guys move on he wants you to be reply, 
  i am ranting . 
  longer term is n't good enough . 
  the labour membership have their ideal leader and it 's abundantly clear he wo n't achieve fuck all nationally . 
  they 're a failed party as far as i 'm concerned . 
  they should 've jumped ship when there coup failed now they 're playing the long game to the detriment of the many who wo n't vote for corbyn or the tories . 
  we have a feeble opposition in a time in which the country requires a strong one . 
  i blame corbyn and the labour membership for that . 
  that 's exactly the same as the uk ; the only difference being the franchise that operates there can set ticket prices in the uk, 
  i do understand how it works ; but it does n't work for the country which is it 's principle aim to govern yet it is incredibly out of touch with it . 
  it should aim to win a general election not appease a voter base that has hardly anything in common with what the majority of the electorate want . 
  i could n't care less about labours members , reform , merge with the lib dems i really could n't care less because right now they 're a detriment to the country because they offer no viable alternative to the tories and are terrible at opposing them . 
  labour , the second biggest party should be in contention of government in 2020 ; if corbyns still in charge then i do n't see them winning shit , all they 'll achieve is increasing the tories majority . 
  uk politics has a problem because nobody can solidify an opposition to the tories into a voter base when all it requires is a charismatic , electable and centre leader . 
  if they ca n't find that in a country of 60m people then labour are fucked and we 'll be subject to more intrusive tory policies like the snoopers charter . 
  i 'd vote for the lib dems out of anyone right now but they are trying to appease those that are pro eu and even within the context of those that voted remain they are few and far between . 
  no the majority of pro russian fighters are ukrainian paramilitaries which makes sense when you consider russia does n't want to be openly involved ; its using the paramilitaries as a proxy to involved, 
  because he openly lied about his situation to portray a message . 
  the fact that he lied undermined his point, 
  anglo media ? 
  comedy and a bit of pop culture but that 's about it, 
  mistakes are easy , 
  russia has been going to war with the west in the near future since 1945 . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  if nukes are involved we 're all dead if they 're not russia can not beat continental europes pooled resources never mind with the us involved . 
  paramilitaries are only used in offensive action if a conventional force is desperate , russia is n't desperate.n, 
  they claim there not but that is redundant ; militia are usually used in defensive action, 
  if a brit was portrayed as a football fan , drinking tea or alcohol i would n't complain nor would anyone who 's sane . 
  stop looking for problems that do n't exist, 
  you 'd describe those that campaigned against corbyn as charismatic ? 
  they were anything but, 
  you misconstrue pro european propaganda as anti european propaganda ; maybe you have an agenda, 
  of course that why it 's a terrible equivalency, 
  just because we would n't vote trump in does n't mean that there are n't similarities in them . 
  mainly because of traingate and so many of his policies being terrible . 
  labour needs a charismatic leader that can appeal to the centre ... that is n't corbyn, 
  what he meant was because a trade union made it which vote for the labour party this will do nothing to strengthen their case for public ownership of railways because it 's simply belittling not sure if i agree with that assertion but without knowing about how trade unions work in the u.k. his comment can be confusing,
