  another example of stupidity by / r/europe 's resident irish nationalist, 
  yeah . 
  britain is the only country to ever get special treatment from the eu what so ever . 
  keep dreaming lol . 
  the eu would like the uk to remain apart of some of its agencies , in return the u.k. will probably expect something in return ; y' know , negotiation and compromise , the basis of modern democracy and rationality . 
  if we ca n't opt out of regulations then fine . 
  i 'm sure the eu wo n't miss the contributions the u.k. makes in them , especially in defence and security in which countries like germany ; who utilise a weak currency to exploit their strength in exporting to the detriment of other members show s clear commitment to other members / s, 
  because they do n't want all eu law to apply ; what would be the point in leaving if we did n't ? 
  the british never said they were going to do that people simply inferred that, 
  i find it hilarious that this sub would love us to remain part of agencies that are incredibly beneficial to them such as ones linked to defence and security yet as soon as britain would like to join more they throw a hissy fit . 
  regardless of the balance of power , negotiations are built on compromise . 
  it 's commonly touted that britain ca n't get everything it wants on this sub and that 's correct , but also mutual . 
  a lot of us move to australia ( and canada , nz to a lesser extent ) to retire / work as well as many people being part australian or having family who live there . 
  quite dissimilar to british immigrants in spain which are essentially exclusively retired pensioners . 
  i do n't think you can count them . 
  1/4 of brits have an irish grandparent , very few would identify as ` irish ' in the same capacity that many in america do when usually their ancestors immigrated much earlier . 
  your attempt at whataboutism is very weak when you consider that the criticisms of the uk that you touted are mirrored throughout western europe . 
  the uk sold cluster bombs to saudi arabia prior to them being illegal ; there 's no problem there . 
  i do n't hold it against the french that the argentinians used french made anti-ship missiles dusting the falklands war , they did n't know they were going to be used in that capacity . 
  although , helping them maintain them during the war and potentially selling them more until thatcher pursued a very hostile tone was shitty . 
  well done to the soldier , glad he 's okay . 
  a machete could have caused mayhem if the french soldiers were n't their to nullify the threat . 
  the euro was built upon political aspirations not economic sense and continues to be today . 
  it just another / r/europe phrase , it 'll be dead this time next week, 
  i do n't know the individual how could i possibly make an informed prediction about the probability of her being rehabilitated . 
  one functionality of prisons is rehabilitation ; she 's going to be their for 6 years . 
  their is a possibility , which i can not make an informed decision on that she will be rehabilitated and no longer be an extremist . 
  jeremy paxman did a few documentaries for the bbc awhile back about the british empire which are great and look at both perspectives quite well . 
  he 's also got several great books . 
  honest question , how long is a piece of string ? 
  she 's a person . 
  you ca n't predict that . 
  prison is also meant to be a place of rehabilitation . 
  hopefully she is . 
  gangs are pretty common in liverpool . 
  some , maybe most do n't even fight over control of something like the drugs trade but simply where hey live . 
  postcode ` wars ' are probably our biggest form of gang violence in the u.k ; most fight because of no other reason but arbitrary hatred for one another . 
  i think you wrongly interpreted his comment as hostile . 
  nevertheless we are n't very corrupt at all ; and although many people may have an inherent distrust of the government and or civil service ; that certainly is n't because of corruption . 
  jesus christ just because someone 's in prison does n't warrant them dying, 
  good trailer in my opinion . 
  does n't reveal much if anything about the film ; i hate when films basically reveal the overarching plot as well as some significant parts of it within a trailer, 
  they are n't the three characteristics at all . 
  the thing that is integral to most tax heavens is that the government will subsidise said companies or offer them incentives to work there . 
  vice is so inconsistent ; they produce great pieces occasionally like covering the war in ukraine from the very beginning . 
  given his past , that 's practically a threat / s, 
  northern irish are british . . 
  it 's a nationality not a geographical term . 
  it kind of puts the german-led offensive of austerity into perspective given that their former adversaries in two world wars willingly lowered their debt and reparations because it had the potential to cripple the country ; starting an economic boom both times, 
  barclays rised capital privately , one of the few to do so . 
  good to see unsubstantiated bullshit still gets up voted though, 
  it gets rid of my hangovers so it just be / s but in all seriousness there are genuinely good medical uses for cannabis such as restoring the appetite in cemo patients , insomnia etc but i ca n't really comment on the pain relieve of it . 
  given the medical legalisation in many us states and now germany it looks like a safe assumption that it can do what it 's proscribed to do decently well . 
  all the eu funds in britain could have been spent by britain because its a net contributor to the eu . 
  there is no talk of the eu losing their ` investment ' or such because they acknowledge that . 
  you 're not making a very smart and well thought out argument, 
  amsterdam really is n't as expensive as portrayed , for teenage brits at least . 
  # 50 for a return flight , # 50 easily for a weekend hostel + spending money . 
  yes i did . 
  parliament will pass what may gets . 
  if voting for brexit was metaphorically shooting yourself in the foot declining the brexit deal is economically shooting ourselves in the head . 
  the deal , whatever form it takes should be accepted if it 's presented to parliament because stopping it would ensure tragic short term consequences as we 'd be in a complete economic unknown in regards to trade with our largest trading partner, 
  yeah it would be very disingenuous for securities and derivatives to be counted given they alone are worth considerably more then global gdp . 
  parliament wo n't veto it . 
  this has been the path of least resistance for awhile . 
  all the tories will vote for it and a large , if not the majority of labour will . 
  the only ones that are certain to vote against is some lib dems which will change nothing even if the snp vote with them, 
  britain has always had an emphasis on a small professional army . 
  our navy is and always will be our main conventional defence . 
  it has sometimes bitten us ; looking back at the start of the great war for example the bef was tremendously well trained and equipped in comparison to other powers but they were outnumbered substantially by every other major power which fielded armies a million strong when the bef was mere 100,000 strong the battle of mons demonstrates this perfectly . 
  the german force of conscripts were primarily students . 
  the first waves marched to mons shoulder to shoulder singing only to be massacred to the bef 's machine guns and their prided 10 aimed shots a minute . 
  despite this the bef was forced to retreat due to being outnumbered substantially and under threat of being outflanked . 
  in a modern context a professional army of our current or similar size makes sense as technology advances . 
  nuclear weapons have eradicated the possibility of major military powers directly fighting one another therefore a army like the british army principle focus will be on conflicts such as libya , syria and afghanistan . 
  principally proxy wars and insurgencies . 
  the malaysian 'em ergency ' was i believe the last major conflict in which conscripted british troops thought and in many senses that was our vietnam as it had many parallels . 
  his video on the greek financial crisis is also very interesting because he lays out the situation very well in regards to the greek financial position and shows the desperation of his european counterparts who 's banks over invested in the american housing bubble and had exposed assets in greece , spain and ireland . 
  wholly agree with him on brexit and greece, 
  the dutch make water their bitch, 
  that 's quite a petty and childish attitude to have . 
  i 'd really like us to pursue this option but it 's doubtful when theresa seems to favour a hard brexit, 
  i 'd like to think we 'd offer assistance , we face s very similar situation in the falklands, 
  where do you manage to form such an opinion ? 
  you must read a breitbart-esc news source solely dedicated to uninformed , unsubstantiated bullshit anglophobia . 
  or an incredible confirmation bias, 
  what probation or escalation ? 
  the only thing i can think of that someone could argue as such would be the missile shield which are by no means capable of stopping russia from launching missiles . 
  it would however stop a numerically small attack from a state like iran, 
  it 's doubtful that scotland will leave . 
  not only do the majority of scots favour being in the uk , but like brexit it makes economical sense for scotland to stay put . 
  as far as northern ireland goes the article is probably the extreme of brexit fallout . 
  if the status quo changes too much in ni violence risks flaring up, 
  let 's fight xenophobia by redirecting our xenophobia !, 
  xenophobia does happen to other groups ; groups like the edl and now britain first are very prominent amongst among young , unintelligent working class people which are openly outright racist towards muslim communities . 
  pretty much every demographic that lives in the u.k. 
  in relatively large numbers commit more crimes per capita then white brits . 
  that does n't warrant discrimination against them . 
  why would it be when the majority of the country wants to leave ? 
  they 'd be condemning themselves to electoral decimation if they do n't leave which is inevitable anyway .
