  you think the british invented camps to keep people ? 
  lol . 
  because that 's what they were and are , the nazis did n't use concentration camps they used death camps - they called them concentration and work camps , for some reason we do too . 
  the boers died of negligence and neglect not genocide . 
  after a public outcry the fawcett commission lowered the rate of death below that of glasgow . 
  the boers were in the camps because the british burnt their farms which they believed that they were supplying the resistance . 
  given that the majority of boers were subsistence farmers many of them went to camps not by force but necessitation . 
  scorched earth is a horrible tactic i wo n't argue against that but they were n't ` concentration camps ' in the way in which you 're implying nor did the british invent them . 
  you 're describing atrocities which european colonial powers committed in abundance , not genocide . 
  edit : british cut off the thumbs of indian weavers ? 
  i thought this being a myth was common knowledge by now the above comment is largely bullshit and what is n't certainly is n't genocide, 
  thanks jerry , 
  inter-eu borders do n't need to shoot up if the eu collectively had strong external borders . 
  if we were all high on dutch weed it would be good for youth unemployment ; because the younger voters would be the only ones with a chance of being remotely functional on it ; therefore they 'd negotiate . 
  it 's a divisive issue in cyprus but i 'm not too well informed to talk about currently . 
  there have been demonstrations calling for an end to the bases and such but on a political level the countries have always got on well despite britain ruling cyprus for 83 years , that rule was largely peaceful i believe . 
  there were previous issues such as cypriots living within the british bases not being able to develop their land and largely been isolated but that 's changed now . 
  on the british bases cypriot law is followed . 
  he 's saying it makes it more riskier whereas you 're implying it 's impossible to get into the uk without id because of border checks , which calais proves is bullshit, 
  charlie brooker mocking this is brilliant . 
  the christmas truce really was beautiful . 
  never happened again throughout the entire war . 
  partially under the threat of being shot for dissenting and partially because the warring parties increasingly hated one another ; which i guess seeing propaganda and friends dying by the enemies hand is natural . 
  that 's going so well and shows no long term issues what so ever, 
  thing is what you have to consider with any potential peace treaty was that britain had the biggest navy in the world until 1943 . 
  germany would n't have had the power projection to play hardball in terms . 
  i mean when you consider that the british would eventually route rommel in africa which was the biggest treat the nazis posed to any british colonies and that was eventually repelled prior to american involvement . 
  britain would n't have been able to independently invade france and therefore much of western europe would either be owned by the nazis or soviets . 
  but the situation for britain was never as dire as many portrayed without the us in the war . 
  of course lend lease was significant but was hardly charity . 
  the us benefited from that like many neutral countries benefited from supplying either party . 
  it 's not absurd to assume that no . 
  i 'd say it was improbable given the battle of britain was pretty much up by time lend lease came in but if the battle of the atlantic turned against the british that was a possibility but even that would 've resulted in a peace treaty . 
  hardly the ` you 'd be speaking german ' that many americans claim . 
  britain surrendering would 've had a greater impact on continental europe then domestically because liberation from the west would 've been impossible ; only the east , and when you have a choice between the soviets or the nazis , it 's not exactly ideal to say the least, 
  it 's also a popular trope that americans claim they ` saved ' britain from the nazis but i do n't automatically assume every american is ill informed about that because most probably are n't and realise that nazi germany never could 've invaded britain nor force it into submission after the battle of britain . 
  but the british and hessians did n't intervene did they ? 
  that was their conflict from the onset . 
  france or britain did n't ` intervene ' in ww2 they declared war on germany thus starting the war . 
  i referred to them as european as a blanket term for the french , spanish and dutch the term intervention excludes the british, 
  when did i ever say that america did n't do anything in ww2 ? 
  i 've always argued that the big three of britain , us and soviet union required the assistance of one another for success . 
  it 's not my own bias either it 's common knowledge that european intervention was a major turning point in the war amongst not only historians but anyone that 's studied the war in school objectively . 
  i mean when you evaluate it the british were hardly as tyrannical as the americans portray they just wanted to tax the americans the same as the british paid . 
  the americans paid little taxes and smuggling was systematic . 
  britain sought to increase its tax income because victory in the 7 years war was expensive and was partially started in the american front by the colonists . 
  it always seemed like the americans undervalue european intervention , in my opinion it was instrumental to victory . 
  at the beginning of the war the [ british enjoyed a distinct military advantage ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4elhkv/what_mistakes_did_the_british_make_to_lose_the_us/d21ayzf/ ) . 
  the three principle reasons they lost the war in my opinion was the hesitation of the british to destroy the continental army at the beginning of the war , ( the british army and naval commanders were brothers who 's principle goal was peace , not destruction of washington ) washington avoiding potentially decisive battles later in the war and european intervention . 
  as the article mentions it turned a british empire civil war into a global war . 
  the french and spanish provided the americans with much needed gun-powder , alongside with the french providing military support . 
  after they intervened britain was threatened along its whole empire and it was forced to defend its lucrative possessions in the caribbean , a joint franco-spanish naval force planning on invading the isle of wight and defending its various and important trading posts in india and africa ( it was a largely british victory in india that provided the means for it to later be part of the empire ) . 
  crucially britain had to divert troops , ships and resources to these areas as well as finding the transportation of these threatened by the dutch , spanish and french navies . 
  european intervention made british victory in america incredibly difficult and basically turned the american revolution into a secondary issue for the british because it hampered their ability to wage an effective campaign and increased the capacity of the americans to do so by europeans resupplying them and in the case of the french and spanish providing direct military support . 
  this was 3rd napoleon he fought with the ` anglo ' against russia in the crimean war, 
  i agree however even the short term utility that is can gain from the tanks until they 're destroyed by air strikes / run out of ammo could be devastating to its opponents, 
  apparently it was a suicide attack that decimated the turkish compound and led to the remaining soldiers routing . 
  unfortunately they probably captured the leopards in tact ; i do n't imagine they knocked them out . 
  rip turkish soldiers . 
  it 's interesting how their originals and early history is so intwined with that of the sas . 
  they were founded and fought alongside the sas . 
  they were given the red berets of the sas by george vi to commemorate their bravery replacing their black ones . 
  i do n't think you 'll ever see sas marching in formation in public like their french counterparts ; they do n't really abide by military norms . 
  the colouring of this map is horrible . 
  this pretty much existed prior to the first balkan war with the expecting of the netherlands and belgium being independent, 
   `` let us wage jihad against switzerland , zionism and foreign aggression , '' he said . 
  one of these is not like the other  `` any muslim in any part of the world who works with switzerland is an apostate , is against muhammad , god and the koran . '', 
  lol . 
  why do dictators tend to be so crazy, 
   they both are capable of ... well anything really . 
  they 're all formidable soldiers . 
  yeah . 
  although information is generally hard to come by that seems like the case although i think they both very much have priority in their respective ` traditional role ' such as [ operation barras ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_barras ) ( impetus for the foundation of the special forces support group ) for the sas / parachute reg and any amphibious role for the sbs / royal marines, 
  it can be anything you want it to be . 
  nobody officially quantifies this stuff its just a lot of things are more generally accepted then others . 
   the french equivalent of the sas or the seals would be the `` commandos marine '' , which are under the authority of the cos ( commandement des op\u00e9rations sp\u00e9ciales ) that regroups all the special force units of the army . 
  i guess the direct equivalent to the commandos marine would be the sbs for the uk . 
  the special boat service generally come from the royal marines and navy whereas the special air service generally come from the parachute regiment but recruit from the entire army . 
  europe is generally considered a continent for historical and cultural reasons more then anything . 
  there is no strict definition of ` continent ' especially when you consider that africa , europe and asia was one big landmass prior to the cheeky french splitting it with the suez canal, 
  has anyone argued for a more generalised policing approach in france which can call upon the same services and experts without splitting them ? 
  what do people argue against this ? 
  sorry for another question but i always thought gign were comparable to the sas , navy seals etc but do they only operate internally in france or do they also act as french special forces abroad ? 
  what role does the gendarmerie have in france and does it differ from the police ? 
  from what i understand it 's essentially a police force but technically part of the french armed forces ? 
  nah that 's generally bullishit . 
  the nazis not utilising women and generally been isolationist limited its production . 
  the british out built the germans during a blitz greatly . 
  the british could comfortably replace a shot down plane whereas the germans struggled . 
  britain was highly industrialised and could call upon international trade whereas the germans had to solely rely on europe for resources . 
  the brits built more planes then the germans but the battle put a strain on britains ability to sustain airforce bases aswell as train enough pilots to fight which it later did, 
  did he really ? 
  i every much doubt that . 
  the british soon realised that the increased accuracy in the day is much more risky and frankly suicidal in comparison to the more inaccurate nighttime, 
  i know ; the blitz hoped to lower british morale to the point that the government would be brought to the negotiating table . 
  it 's not exactly a secret what the british did . 
  at least augsburg was militarily valuable look what the raf did to dresden . 
  hitler 's aim during the blitz was wholly mimicked by the british after the battle of britain because the british had a distinct air advantage training more pilots and building more planes in comparison to their german counterparts . 
  it 's just often overlooked because the discriminate genocide and forced labour across german occupied countries . 
  total war is literally hell on earth .
