  we were the centre of viking influence in england , with the city of york , called jorvik then , being its centrepiece . 
  white rose white rose, 
  because many nato members face similar threat to ukraine and the ukraine expressed an interest in joining the eu and nato in the future, 
  because the uk happens to be in a little organisation called nato . 
  many members of this organisation used to be under the influence or part of the soviet union . 
  members of this organisation promise to protect one another , because they 're all bros. 
  so when the russians invade a country which is trying to distance itself from russia , improve relations with the west and used to be part of the soviet union , well it raises some eyebrows . 
  that comment clearly meant invading any country that is n't european is totally fine it does n't take much to understand why a war in europe is a bigger concern to a european country then one that is n't , does it ? 
  a government should look for alternatives sources of a resource if their access to it is being restricted for geopolitical purposes , which most of europe is doing in the form of cheap american energy, 
  i agree , integration is the best way forward and i 'd gladly be apart of the eu again . 
  but when i look at how the eu is integrating i found myself mostly criticising rather then praising it . 
  the euro is the prime example , the currency was not cemented in economic sense and as a result its serving to destabilise the eu in the long term . 
  it 's not a matter of economics though . 
  granted the uk 's position is facilitated by its lack of dependence on russian gas but when it comes to protecting your allies and denouncing the invasion of a sovereign european state , economics should n't be a factor . 
  i do n't think that 's realistic . 
  to compensate for our most likely exit from freedom of movement we 'll compensate by opening up immigration from other countries . 
  a lot of brexiters that were n't part of the farage-sect of loonies commonly touted this such as daniel hannon, 
  it 's a fairly redundant argument though . 
  that means regardless of britain 's position in your opinion it does n't matter ? 
  you do n't welcome the fact that the uk was a big proponent of sanctions on russia in the eu and wants to maintain that outside of the eu ? 
  it would be scary if the uk was changing its position on russia for brexit negotiations , it is n't , that should be welcomed . 
  if the uk wanted to it could cause a ruckus in regards to russia with that orange in white house we 'd probably be supported by them as well, 
  you 'd think the uk was iceland the way people on this sub talk about it . 
  we have a huge economy , a future population bigger then that of germany and a very well funded military . 
  the uk 's influence will be diminished in all areas relating to the eu , that 's about it . 
  although i voted against brexit it actually gives us an avenue to exert a more globalised view whereas the eu is going to be firmly entrenched in internal struggle and betterment for the foreseeable future , exacerbated by things such as the euro which were n't cemented in economic sense . 
  the source for the department of trades position was a photo of a paper on a train , hardly concrete evidence of future government position, 
  i stopped reading at the liberia sentence . 
  that alone nullifies the rest of your argument . 
  the uk is never going to be irrelevant in regard to european affairs . 
  as long as our population keeps growing , we have a big economy and we maintain a well funded and competent military we 'll be a major player . 
  the uk and france 's position on russia is important because they actually have bite behind their bark and they 've both showed a commitment to baltic air and troop deployments, 
  i was taking about you 're logic of a soldier killing innocence , obviously . 
  good . 
  many cynics have been speculating that trump will use the air strike opportunity to eventually remove sanctions on russia in a bid to restore diplomatic ties sanctions should n't be removed and the uk has always been a big proponent of this . 
  lol . 
  you often criticise the uk but when our fm comes out and says something most on here would agree with ` who cares ', 
  i imagine in terms of the law you could easily argue diminished responsibility if someone ordered you to kill someone innocent in a military sense setting . 
  particularly if the soldier would 've faced repercussions for not doing so . 
  i mean , the nuremberg trials hardly focused on the normal soldier . 
  that would 've taken decades, 
  he was joking, 
  you 're comment is based on some shaky history . 
  the common trope of no blacks no dogs no irish was not that common in the u.k. . . 
  i 'll try to find the relevant / r/askhistorians thread after this comment further , american ties to britain in 1889 were n't strong and had n't been for over 100 years . 
  you had the war of independence , war of 1812 and relations were strained during the american civil war because we built ships for the south and they wanted us and the french to intervene ( but they overestimated our reliance on their cotton and well , building ships is one thing . 
  fighting with the south was hardly compatible with british foreign policy at the time ) . 
  the british perceived the americans post civil war similarly to how they saw the germans . 
  a prosperous and speedily industrialising nation which may be a threat in the future . 
  some such as cecil rhodes wanted strengthened relations ( in his ideal world the germans , americans and brits would unite as some kind of anglo-germanic empire , largely cemented in his warped ethnic views ) . 
  anglo-american relations improved during the great war but afterwards this slowly dissipated with american 's retreat into isolationism and british problems to pay some american debt i believe ( war plan red formed by the americans were wholly unrealistic but basically was a us plan to go to war with the british empire , probably entailing the us taking canada and the rn blockading them until they stop that ) . 
  the anglo-american relationship really only starts to look like it 's modern equivalent in ww2 . 
  american discrimination of the irish was a result of religious differences more then anglo-american non-existent ties . 
  oh and american stats on ethnicity are complete bullshit . 
  americans identity with a nationality on shaky grounds to say the least . 
  under the same logic a lot of americans apply , a fuckton of brits including myself could claim to a certain degree irish i think the guy you replied to was joking btw, 
  i mean he was impersonating someone ... 
  if you want to cringe watch a press interview with joey barton when he played for a ligue 1 team , i think it was marseille, 
  i 'm not even going to entertain that hypnosis . 
  using what all dictators use , a monopoly on violence . 
  the only reason dictators are sometimes more stable is because they spend all their lives concentrating power so when they 're removed that causes a power vacuum, 
  stupid ? 
  almost certainly, 
  trump has distanced himself from obama 's syria policy and in the run it he essentially said leave it to russia . 
  only last week the us had policy switch which meant hey abandoned pushing for the removal of assad . 
  the only rebel group people have ever said have chemical weapons is al-nusrs and they do n't operate in or near the town in which the attack happened, 
  it goes a lot further then a hypnosis nevertheless, 
  is the rebels obtained any substantial amount of sarin from the syrian regime surely the regime would publicise that to suppress anyone blaming them for its use ? 
  did you read the guardian article ? 
  he did n't wholly destroy it . 
  read it . 
  it disproves much of what you 're saying, 
  i 'm done arguing against a hypnosis . 
  we 'll know conclusively eventually . 
  meanwhile . 
  this article by the guardian prior to the us air strikes debunks the rebels having it https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/05/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-what-we-know-khan-sheikhun, 
  mhm . 
  i wonder what the syrian government would do if the un announced it was going to check a suspected airfield for chemical weapons ... no evidence points to the rebels using them because no rebels in the area have them . 
  i 'm done arguing here . 
  you 're using an hypnosis to argue against a substantiated consensus over and over again https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/05/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-what-we-know-khan-sheikhun, 
  assad has barely used chemical weapons in a military capacity of throughout the entire war and he had no reason to believe that there would be a response given there has n't been one since the war started . 
  if more of them rebels could create then we 'd see them being used in a military capacity surely . 
  the us never claimed the airfield made the chemical weapons , just that they were deployed there . 
  the us even provided the flight maps of the syrian jets bombing and returning, 
  but regardless everyone 's finger bar there allies point to the syrians being responsible . 
  the only rebel group who may have chemical weapons according to your source is al-nusra and they do n't operate near they town that was hit by the chemical weapons . 
  iraq is a useless comparison here . 
  in iraq the us and the u.k. really were clutching at straws . 
  here , it 's abundantly clear, 
  it 's always healthy to have a contrarian but everything bar russian propaganda points to the syrian government on this one . 
  the us would n't have acted so decisively if that was n't the case due in o the fragility of trump 's domestic support currently . 
  taken within that context the us could n't afford to make a mistake here . 
  you 're clutching at straws though mate . 
  this was n't an attack that aligned with their current objectives . 
  the syrians forced them to change their hand . 
  the attack took place in between homs and idbib where al-nusra , who may have chemical weapons , do n't operate . 
  this assertion was wholly dismissed prior to the strikes https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/05/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-what-we-know-khan-sheikhun, 
  can you prove that ? 
  that 's a ridiculous assertion i do find it strange when putin 's political enemies die in strange and sudden circumstances though ... 
  a report on poor us intelligence does n't contradict a un report does it ?
