  gps , the framework of the internet etc granted but lets not pretend that most tech the us military has developed has benefited you or i in any way . 
  the vast majority of tech any military develops has the purpose of killing , preventing said killing or killing something trying to kill . 
  granted a lot of tech advanced in the world wars but this was no means exclusively or even mainly american advancements . 
  i like the us 's contribution to nato and i 'm glad the uk contributes at least 2 % as well but lets not pretend the us military is some merciless giver of utopia . 
  after the american war of independence the british moved from its system of mercantilism to promoting free trade which it fought many wars over promoting . 
  to put bluntly , you wrong . 
  this comment is only given validity in regards to iraq , not afghanistan - the war which started the ` war on terror ' . 
  that was a war explicitly to remove aq from afghanistan and then the taliban which was the fervently islamist government in afghanistan that refused to cooperate . 
  on another point . 
  many people question if saddam should 've been forcibly removed by the international coalition after the first gulf war . 
  would 've certainly been preferable to 2003 's shit show, 
  both remainers and brexiters criticising the bbc recently . 
  basically , keep doing what you 're doing bbc . 
  pissing off both sides is better then disproportionately annoying one, 
  so what exactly are you arguing ? 
  european wars solely fought because of geopolitics were n't noble ? 
  no shit . 
  i did n't say they won i said i 'd prefer if they did not . . as in , i 'd take what actually happened over a french victory, 
  there 's no nobility in any war if ww2 is your sole comparison . 
  personally i 'd prefer if the french did n't win the napoleonic wars, 
  that would be twisting it within the context of the beginning of the wars . 
  but not after france turned half of europe into puppet and vassal states during it, 
  the french wanted a french dominated continent ; the british did n't want one single power controlling europe . 
  i think the choice is pretty obvious, 
  both sides have clear biases here . 
  you have one arguing one thing and another arguing one completely different . 
  chances are the truth lies somewhere in the middle, 
  itt : a completely unbiased , civil and well informed discussion, 
  i have faith in the security services to minimise the damage the ( se ) cunt ( s ) can do though . 
  poland did n't exist in its modern form until after ww1 austria was focused on the balkans to the detriment of russia / ottomans , germany was in a precarious geographic position to have an extensive colonial empire , russia 's principle focus was in the balkans against the austrians and caucus against the ottomans as well as persia / afghanistan against the british . 
  france remained a rival despite british victory in the napoleonic wars until the entente cordiale , the spanish empire was effectively ended by the americans and dutch global influence declined due to increasing british influence in many of their spheres of influence . 
  yes britains geography gave it a distinct advantage but nevertheless major european powers were always in direct contention with one another but in britain 's case it never lost any of those since the american war of independence . 
  why is cannabis even noted here ? 
  about the only negative effect it would have in this situation would be paranoia and even then , it 's not something that makes you make rash , stupid decisions like this more like the munchies and giggles - hardly traits of someone who stole an assault rifle . 
  where 's the strobe light , dilated eyes and gurning, 
  russia entered in 1914 and left in 1917 ... 
  i 'm not saying they were or are always used for major constitutional change but they should be . 
  yes they are . 
  a representative democracy is not above the people it governs . 
  elections are used to bring them to account but for substantial issues such as independence or leaving the eu a referendum is warranted to gain a consensus because the representative wo n't be able to act without it regarding those issues, 
  what you 're portraying is a representative democracy not just a ` democracy ' . 
  the only reason it can gain independence whereas catalonia ca n't is because we do n't have a codified constitution and parliament is the highest authority there is n't a mechanism for independence like article 50 . 
  it 's parliament simply allowing them to have a referendum because parliament can do what it wants . 
  and just because it 's in the spanish constitution does n't mean catalonia should n't get s referendum . 
  spains meant to be a democracy . 
  really ? 
  i 've never really got that impression from / r/uk but i do n't frequent there often because i find the brits on europe and ukpolitics much more open to contrary opinions, 
  nope . 
  i never claimed they were . 
  i just think it 's probable . 
  i think amongst the working class and those that want a hard brexit some could hold this opinion that was previously unseen last referendum but again , even if this is the case it wo n't be prevailing . 
  i did n't want to infer they necessarily want them to leave . 
  more so that they are more impartial or spiteful to the prospect of scotland leaving then previously, 
  you 're using a hypnosis i 'm stating a fact . 
  the latter is of more concern to a voter then the former . 
  democracies always have a tendency of having a short term mindset, 
  nor mine . 
  but i can certainly see that opinion being more prominent . 
  certainly not prevailing though . 
  the english response to this will be interesting . 
  the arguments for and against scotland leaving the u.k. are very similar to the brexit arguments . 
  it 'll come down to economy ( remain ) vs ideology ( independence ) in which the latter was victorious for brexit . 
  the prevailing thought in england during the first was one of hope that scotland would stay and relief when they did . 
  i imagine many now will be more spiteful in their perspective . 
  ` leave , see what happens ' etc the eu will a factor in this of course . 
  but the snp will be mistaken to place too much of an emphasis on it . 
  the eu has less impact here then many believe on this sub . 
  for brexit remaining in the eu was economical sense whereas scotland choosing the eu over the uk is n't . 
  i mean , tobacco does play a part in its accessibility . 
  ever tried to keep a blunt lit while it 's windy ? 
  not surprised by the uk really . 
  prior to 18 there 's a lot of house parties and well , bonce you get to 18 . . 
  agreed . 
  the financial crash will hinder a generation ; the inequality inspired by thatcher-reagan deregulation and implementation of neoliberal policies will last at least a century . 
  i 'm not picking a side here but what a stupid argument . 
  the only reason it 's a problem is because they come from another country which has significantly lower wages and living standards . 
  the french , german and dutch banks were mostly the biggest creditors . 
  hence why ez banks are so perpetually fucked because they 're over leveraged and had a bunch of shitty assets in the form of american cdos and piigs bonds . 
  the british banks were n't particularly overexposed to these but were very heavily reliant on the repo market ( the place in which banks lend to one another to keep others lights on at night ) so the globalised nature of the british banking system was its biggest flaw in 2007-8 , not particularly shitty assets . 
  ages not wages sorry, 
  the eu catching up to the loss of the uk will also take wages, 
  in absolute terms the smaller eastern / - central european economies may grow faster but that largely comes at the detriment of the relatively slow growth amongst the richer members - that growth is n't sustainable and will largely equalise with western europe when wages increase there because the principle incentive for their growth is being in an economic with richer service-based western and being a place of cheap cost of labour relative to rest of the eu the eu will in relative terms take a considerable amount of time to recover from the uk leaving . 
  especially with the economic instability of the euro being a constant factor until further monetary integration and a means to fix the greek issue permanently , not just kicking the can two years down the road . 
  money is relative and proportionate to the rest of the world . 
  the raw numbers for individual countries are meaningless without comparison . 
  the eu will catch up to pre-brexit gdp , that 's an inevitability . 
  but it will be worse of as a result of brexit proportionately to the rest of the global economy unless the eu experience phenomenal growth and the uk economy proportionally implodes which is well , unlikely to say the least . 
  of course , gdp is only relative after all . 
  but they 've come to the conclusion that how they interpret it is a viable avenue of approach though, 
  itt : people realising that different variations of english call certain things differently , shocker . 
  that was for danelaw bitch plus i mean , they were french . 
  if you 're not with us you 're against us . 
  i guess they kinda took the same approach with the economic union ( embargo ) thing . 
  all you had to do denmark was simply say you did n't support napoleon ( and join us ) and we would n't have bombed you ( ironically making you join france ), 
  yeah , our prisons are also run for profit as well . 
  but are laws are n't so archaic in some instances e.g. 
  ; south states punishment for cannabis if something is run by a private corporations they have an inherent and vested interest to make the most amount of money as possible . 
  you ca n't just dismiss something out of hand on that basis . 
  have you ever had my nan 's roast dinner ? 
  well , you are unaware of the superiority of british cuisine then .
