  there is no way in 1943 that the allies could feasibly invade western europe and reasons for that are numerous and clear . 
  [ `` following the defeat of the axis powers in north africa in may 1943 , there was disagreement between the allies as to what the next step should be . 
  the british prime minister , winston churchill , in particular wanted to invade italy , which in november 1942 he called `` the soft underbelly of the axis '' ( and lieutenant general mark clark , later called `` one tough gut '' ) . 
  [ 1 ] popular support in italy for the war was declining , and he believed an invasion would remove italy , and thus the influence of axis forces in the mediterranean sea , opening it to allied traffic . 
  this would reduce the amount of shipping capacity needed to supply allied forces in the middle east and far east [ 2 ] at a time when the disposal of allied shipping capacity was in crisis [ 3 ] and increase british and american supplies to the soviet union . 
  in addition , it would tie down german forces , keeping them away from the eastern front . 
  stalin had been pressing to open a `` second front '' in europe , which would weaken the german army 's invasion of russia in mid-1941 . 
  however the u.s. army chief of staff , george marshall , and much of the american staff wanted to avoid operations that might delay an invasion of europe , discussed and planned as early as 1942 , which finally materialized as operation overlord in 1944 . 
  when it became clear that no invasion could be undertaken in 1943 , it was agreed to invade sicily , with no commitment made to any follow-up operations . 
  however , both churchill and roosevelt , the president of the united states , accepted the necessity of allied armies continuing to engage the axis in the period after a successful campaign in sicily and before the start of one in northwest europe . 
  [ 4 ] the discussion continued through the trident conference in washington in may but it was not until late july , after the course of the sicily campaign had become clear and with the fall of benito mussolini , that the joint chiefs of staff instructed general eisenhower to go ahead at the earliest possible date . 
  [ 5 ] '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allied_invasion_of_italy#allied_plan )  chruchills idea was to push upwards in cut the soviets off , because he wanted to keep west europe as the dominion of the uk ( basically he was trying to desperately hold on to their fleeting super power status ) the uk never had a ` dominion ' over western europe , it had always favored balance of power and little interventionism since the napoleonic wars and what do you mean desperately trying to hold onto their super power status , the faint of the british empire would not become clear until the war was over and britain still possessed the largest navy in the world until 1941 , britain was a major power in the world and crucial to the outcome of ww2 , to think otherwise could easily be dismissed  and he tricked roosevelt into thinking that invading italy had only good intentions . 
  you mean forcing italy out of the war , potentially exposing the south of germany and giving the allies uncontested control over the mediterranean allowing them to supply the eastern fronts . 
   also , because of the fact that churchill only acted when the stalemate between the ussr and germany was starting to break made it really painfully clear to stalin that churchill had been playing him , and hoping that the soviets and the germans would continue to exterminate each other . 
  i 've already refuted this point , churchill certainly was n't a fan of communists but britain and the us certainly opened up a front as was soon as feasibly possible . 
  in fact , you argue that britain wanted to ` push upwards in cut the soviets off ' but then they also wanted to ` hoping that the soviets and the germans would continue to exterminate each other ' this is contradictory , one of them required inaction , which britain did n't do and the latter would require him to open up a new front immediately , which they did n't do . 
   ( and because roosevelt went along with churchill , stalin felt betrayed , hence the cold war . 
  stalin had little trust in anyone , his purges within the soviet military and communist party show this very clearly . 
   stalin was actually opening up to western influence and democracy before this happened , e.g the national referendums to have states join the soviet union , they had the military might to simply annex them , but under influence of roosevelt , stalin gave it a democratic try ) . 
  sure he was , the totalitarian paranoid murderous dictator was willing to give democracy a try . 
  you think the only costs involved in hiring people is salary ? 
  what do you mean , stalin was undoubtedly in favour of the invasion of italy as it opened up another front, 
  that 's irrelevant to the future populations of the respective countries is n't it though . 
  those immigrants will become britons . 
  what does seem apparent is that unless there is a tectonic swift the uk will be more populous then germany in the not so far future and my point about the population of european nations been so crucial to european history is true but how did you infer that my example of fascist thinking was somehow applicable to the future of the u.k ? 
  it makes sense given that due to low birth rate in germany , britain will soon become most populous and therefore biggest economy in western europe . 
  the impact of a countries population has always been crucial in european history , i suppose the most recent example is the fascist movement , mussolini for example thought britain and france were declining powers partially due to their birth rate and soon they would be replaced by the strong birthrates of italy and germany . 
   central asia will be the fastest growing region over the next 15 years , while western europe will be the slowest , it predicts . 
  it would be interesting to see the predicted eu gdp in lets say 2030 with its current members relative to the rest of the world  `` international bodies are likely to have to change their membership to reflect the changing balance of economic power . 
  if relative gdp levels are the main criterion for membership of the g-8 , by 2030 italy , france and russia are likely to be kicked out while india , korea and brazil force themselves in , '' says the report . 
  i do n't think this will necessarily happen . 
  on this basis , why has n't canada been excluded ? 
  it , as far as i 'm aware , canada has never been one of the eight biggest countries in the world by gdp and even if france and italy were excluded , they would be represented by proxy by the eu anyway . 
  i thought you were referring to the iraq war which in part , attributed to the refugee crisis , but the refugees did not start becoming a problem when nato countries started bombing islamist 's , most nato countries started bombing in part due to the refugee crisis . 
  eu = uk , poland and denmark ? 
  the low oil prices seem partially engineered by opec to damage the russian economy , well thats what it seems like , i 'm nit an expert just bored eating christmas foood . 
  it is n't , they just celebrate the eve of christmas , they are not disputing what day christmas is on, 
  you 're retarded, 
   is it only a finnish thing that santa himself comes to visit on christmas eve and hands out gifts ? 
  i suppose we do that in the uk , well , well the children get to sleep on christmas eve, 
  yeah , these type of thing are definitely common i 've just never heard of this particular one before , perhaps its common knowledge for londoners but i 've never being there in december so i heard about it on the radio . 
  it seems probable given that the royal canadian airforce dropped food for the dutch , as many were starving , as well as this the dutch royal family took refuge in canada and the first canadian army liberated the netherlands . 
  they 'd probably play for wales, 
  they will all be given british citizenship immediately, 
  what do you think amnesty and those news reports used as sources , thin air ? 
  no , no he did n't . 
  so this twitter invalidates the abundant news reports of 50 civilians killed ? 
  your source is a pro-assad fighter ? 
  source ? 
  none of the leaders of top five political parties in the uk want to leave the eu with the exception of ukip , david cameron , the conservative pm who set up the referendum set it up because of public pressure , the rise of ukip and pressure from backbenches . 
  what a lot of people do n't seem to understand in / r/europe is that david cameron is pro-eu and hes very much being forced into this situation . 
  that said , you wo n't find many opposed to reform of the eu within british political parties . 
  then you did n't read the linked article . 
  [ miserable fat belgian bastards ] ( https://youtu.be/nbstzzejcfe?t=160 ), 
  because if the cold war turned `` hot '' germany would be the focal point . 
   where are you getting this information from ? 
  international red cross denied that . 
  given that the taliban was trying to take over the city around the hospital , yes they were around the hospital . 
  i also said * perhaps * within the hospital as they are conflicting reports . 
   there are not confirmation of that , and there are no confirmation that it was russian airfoce and not syrian airforce . 
  `` on 29 november , for example , it said at least one suspected russian warplane fired three missiles into a busy public market in ariha , in idlib province . 
  a local activist group said a total of 49 civilians were either killed or missing and feared dead . 
  `` it was a normal sunday ; there was nothing unusual . 
  people were buying goods ; children were eating , '' the activist , mohammed qurabi al-ghazal , told amnesty . 
  `` first there was a loud explosion - dirt flying in the air - followed immediately by shock . 
  in just a few moments , people were screaming , the smell of burning was in the air and there was just chaos . '', 
  he said the armed group jaysh al-fateh controlled the area , but did not have any presence inside ariha itself . '', 
  you can presume it was a russian aircraft by the plane and or the bomb , given that the assad government has resorted to barrel bombs , its fair to assume it was russia . 
  ah , looks like it never got through parliament but it was seriously considered http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/9830428/dont-come-here-its-not-very-nice-ministers-plan-campaign-to-put-off-romanians-and-bulgarians-migrants.html, 
  there was the whole campaign by the british government to deter romanians coming to the uk which i imagine would n't have helped the romanian perception of british people . 
  that hospital actually had taliban fighters around it and perhaps even inside of it , which in no way justifies it but the bombing of the marketplace is very different , it had no military assets in the vicinity , if an raf plane was responsible for that marketplace attack for example , i imagine public opinion would definitely be more anti-war, 
  i think danish last names work in a similar way , or something about them is very different to how we do it in the uk , i think it is more common for people to inherit their parents first name or something ? 
  i would 've imagined britain would be one of the lowest . 
  civilian casualties are a fact of war , but when russia bombs a marketplace killing 50 civilians and with no military assets in the vicinity , they are deaths that should have never happened . 
  if it emerged that a western power did that , their government would be under massive pressure and i imagine anti-war protesters would be abundant . 
  i agree but you could make the argument for germany , japan and india also i suppose, 
   i went to the university of leicester and the islamic society regularly held talks where all women were forced to sit at the back , once physically behind a curtain . 
  nothing was done and the feminist society was nowhere to be seen ( i 'm sure they had better things to do right ? ) . 
  thats fucking ridiculous . 
  were they challenged about this at all ? 
   things that offend me are certainly not banned do you mind giving an example ? 
  the housing crisis and an aging population are the things that will be the pressing issues for our governments for the foreseeable future . 
  it increases the positive public perception of the kurds and helps their imagine internationally, 
  of course they do , its called propaganda , as far as i can tell all the claims that is are scared of fighting women are largely unsubstantiated, 
  thats probably not true, 
  sorry , maybe i was unclear but thats what i meant , as long as women have the same requirements as men, 
  if the women joining are just as psychically capable of the men i have no problem with this , although the criticism that mixed-sex units may be less effective is warranted in my opinion , i think we should look at how the us fairs first as they have recently implemented this . 
  its not a question of sexism but a question of practicality and effectiveness . 
  they 'll probably just be compromise , dc wants to restrict migrants benefits for four years but perhaps that drops significantly, 
   `` there 's a certain orchestration to make sure that tonight things work out well for david cameron , to make it look as that he is winning , because no one wants a brexit . '', 
  basically although some countries are critical of his demands , they 've basically been told to go along with it to deter a brexit, 
  what is un-democratic about that, 
  you mean those democratically elected eurospetic mps ? 
  are you sure it started in denmark and not iceland ? 
  [ the middle parts are confusing , all i could remember is that one is like owned by mormons or something ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jf0tjo9.png ), 
  well , i do n't if what we did varied but for me at as there were 2 exams , one of sources and deconstructing and interpreting them and another was about arguing for and against something . 
  i suppose deconstructing and interpreting sources is relevant as historians are expected to interpret sources to support their argument . 
  i found a level more enjoyable as it was more analytical and knowledge based as well as actually having to find sources to support your argument in the coursework unit . 
  i also agree with you about the similarity between english and history , if you do both subjects your grades should be mirrored because history takes a lot from english , understandably i suppose . 
   i did history gcse , and i always felt like what actualy happened in the past took second fiddle to essay writing .
