  we categorically do n't know that if the rebels had access to sarin why is it not being deployed against syrian military forces ? 
  many of them are in a precarious military position therefore why do n't they abundantly deploy it knowing that they do n't have external international oversight like the syrian government does ? 
  you 're missing a fundamental point here . 
  not only is sarin hard to make abundantly , it makes no sense that the rebels are n't using it militarily . 
  the only reason they would n't be doing so is to try and blame the government to gain international support however under obama that proved dubious at best . 
  yeah i do n't get it . 
  what the us did was right here . 
  that claim is n't substantiated when only the russians claim it was rebels , whereas the west said everything pointed to the syrian government ... russia really does n't have a leg to stand on in diplomatic validity with its invasion of ukraine and manipulation of western elections . 
  i trust any western government a lot more then a murderous strongman furthermore , iraq did have wmds at one point . 
  this was shown by the iraqis using them against the kurds but they certainly got rid of them prior to 2003 . 
  i 'll copy and paste my response to a similar comment in another thread he 's used them previously despite winning militarily . 
  the fact that they were used against civilians show that it 's not reflective of the military situation anyway . 
  assad used chemical weapons after obama 's redline declaration and was met with no response . 
  he had no reason to believe that trump would be any different . 
  particularly because the amount of influence the russians exerted over him during his campaign, 
  i do n't understand ? 
  he 's used them previously despite winning militarily . 
  the fact that they were used against civilians show that it 's not reflective of the military situation anyway . 
  assad used chemical weapons after obama 's redline declaration and was met with no response . 
  he had no reason to believe that trump would be any different . 
  particularly because the amount of influence the russians exerted over him during his campaign . 
  i agree with the strikes if they are an isolated strike . 
  the airbase struck was supposedly that carried out the sarin attack , sarin is 20 times stronger then cyanide , incredibly potent , inconceivably horrible and killed 80 civilians in this recent attack . 
  the obama administration said that using chemical weapons was a redline and to avoid military intervention russia came to the settlement that syria should remove all its chemical weapons which at the time was a satisfactory diplomatic response . 
  but these attacks happened again and there was no response by the us under obama . 
  the strikes act as a deterrent that the usage of sarin will not be tolerated . 
  i wholly agree with it . 
  if chemical weapons were beyond the powers of ww2 in all their brutality i think we should hold a modern nation to a higher standard of humanity . 
  they can , just not with un permission . 
  the un suffers similarly to the league of nations regarding this . 
  small countries can be forced to do things ( greek invasion of bulgaria ) , big ones choose to do somethings ( italy , basically their entire membership of the lon , cuz y' know , they were fascism hipsters ) what the unsc needs is a mechanism to take away a permanent members veto privileges for one vote but in exchange require a supermajority or something but of course the permanent members will never agree to it because you 'll never get a situation where britain and america vote against one another 's interests , lesser so france but basically isolates russia and china to such a treatment . 
  a week ago the us basically said it 's policy was shifting from focusing on removing assad ... this is n't a false flag, 
  if it was the rebels who used sarin why do n't they use it more abundantly and against military targets ? 
  plus sarin is n't something you can exactly make in a kitchen - it 's 20 times stronger then cyanide . 
  i do n't think that point is substantiated yet . 
  we 'll to wait for negotiations to get started and such to see if the tories are fractured on policy, 
  i wholly agree but with the exception of blue passports , these are n't issues parliament will be concerned about and rightly so.some of them , such as the death penalty are always highly supported and until recently a majority were in favour of its reintroduction . 
  you just misread my comment . 
  i 'm saying they won when most people believed they would n't because the belittlement made people less likely to admit their true voting intentions . 
  i was unclear , sorry . 
  i would n't say that . 
  i can understand your reasoning but the overwhelming majority of tories back brexit even if they supported remain due to the majority of the populous voting for such . 
  the motivating factor in scotland joining a union with england was its poor economic state due to failed colonisation the scots were always involved in the empire proportionate to their size . 
  in which the scots in turn , hold a great deal of xenophobia towards the english . 
  not surprised about the death penalty . 
  it only went out of favour with the majority of the population a few years back whereas we have n't had it for decades . 
  taking into account the voting intentions and demographics of brexit voters , none of these are at all surprising . 
  saddest thing about brexit is that it was made possible by a generation whom wo n't be around to see the long term effects . 
  they gave cameron that prior to the referendum ... 
  fair point then . 
  i do n't know . 
  that assumes the soviets would correctly acknowledge what the british were doing when they launched a nuclear weapon and given the frequent mistakes on both sides during the cold war , may not do so . 
  * invoke sorry , 
  this was in case of a successful soviet invasion of western continental europe . 
  do n't know why they 'd use nukes though . 
  a conventional bomb would do just fine and a nuke would invoke * mad . . edit : i was wrong about the nukes . 
  due to the depth conventional weapons would n't work, 
  i suggested spain may use the diplomatic pressure of brexit to get joint sovereignty over gibraltar . 
  how does that make it real ? 
  no it does n't . 
  nothing is made ` real ' by any discussion on this sub . 
  in fact 90 % of genuine discussions are hypothetical situations brought about current events ... 
  but what does this have to do with me making a ` hypothetical interview real ' ? 
  i dismissed the politicians comments as a fallacy and you say my comments are akin to daily mail readers - i 've been called a lot of things but nothing ever that bad, 
  my first comment in which i said that the comments were unrealistic ? 
  and then i continued to talk about a hypothetical situation in which spain diplomatically pushes for joint control ... 
  yes they have blown this out of proportion . 
  the british press are generally shit , as always . 
  a ridiculous conservation ? 
  mainly because your argument has no basis . 
  you make it sound like the uk government said this , ignore that all he did was reaffirm if a british territory was attacked britain would retaliate . 
  you 've blown this way out of proportion . 
  it 's purely hypothetical . 
  you ca n't denounce something like that and have no basis for doing so . 
  this comments were n't cemented in reality but nor was the question . 
  i do n't know about that currently . 
  much of italy 's old guard will be retiring soon and they had to start pelle as a forward in the euros . 
  but conte did well at euro 2016 with what he had and italy have two upcoming world class goal keepers so england 's best starting xi vs italy 's would be a good game currently . 
  refute the hypnosis that if spain invades gibraltar we 'd retaliate with military action ? 
  why refute something the majority of people would agree with, 
  you tell me to read an article and then make a completely unsubstantiated claim . 
  a claim made by a former politician about a hypothetical situation in which spain invades . 
  the hypocrisy . 
  hence implicit . 
  but if they still wanted it , which they would , brexit presents the ideal diplomatic scenario . 
  the eu 's outlines for their brexit negotiations made the british press flip shit and think of a not too unlikely scenario in which spain wants concessions regarding gibraltar because of their smuggling and such . 
  it 's being their implicit policy for awhile, 
  i mean it 'll never come to what former tories are sabre-rattling about . 
  i 'm torn on the issue . 
  gibraltar is perfectly placed to be an international trading hub but on the other hand its tax evasion and smuggling would piss any nation off . 
  if they become that much of a torn in our side during brexit we should put our foot down and tell them to reconcile these issues with spain to avoid joint sovereignty which the spaniards will push for . 
  on the other hand . 
  ` try it spaniards , we 've beaten many spanish navies before ' - drunk me , probably, 
  the uk flag with the home nations below has one with italy . 
  we love your food and you love football , a natural fraternity, 
  that 's the most stupid thing i 've read on / r/europe all day , and believe me , that 's an achievement within itself . 
  they speak english and the culture is certainly more british then it is spanish, 
  if the uk wanted s switzerland type deal they could get it . 
  trouble is they do n't . 
  justifiably because of its size i guess,
