  an attack on the falklands would n't either i still would n't want them to refuel a russian fleet that is being hostile, 
  it 's because asians to brits means indian , pakistani , bangladeshi etc. 
  they vastly outnumber any other asian country of origin . 
  which is what this article is about ... why read a domestic british and expect any different . 
  never been to it and i 've been to london twice ; quite a lot to see i guess, 
  apple products have got cheaper comparatively to the dollar then they ever have before, 
  you asserted that everything has got more expensive ; am i mistaken in believing that their is more to life then tech products , petrol and holidays . 
  a freshening article in the sea of bias and emotion that has plagued this sub on both sides since june the 23rd, 
  i agree with your first assertion ; soldiers are sent where politicians send them , they do n't get a choice where they fight . 
  this is only untrue when someone joins the military knowing they will be fighting in a certain situation , which i imagine is uncommon unless for long wars . 
  what 's getting more expensive ? 
  because anecdotally i have n't noticed any change beyond the usual supermarket sales fluctuation, 
  doubtfully true however the raf do seem to make avoiding civilian casualties a priority given that i have yet to hear of a british strike killing scores of civilians unlike a certain county every other week . 
  undoubtedly an improvement from air strike conduct in 2003, 
  i hate it when politicians preach the destruction of mutually beneficial treaties for electoral gain ; popularism at its worst . 
  oh well ; it 'll be the french that would lose out as trans-channel transport and logistics are fined # 10,000 for every illegal immigrant they transport knowingly or not . 
  does the alt left even exist to the same extent the alt right does ? 
  people like farage and trump are clearly alternative figures going against the traditional right wing base in their countries the only potential example of an alt left figure i can think of in the anglophere is perhaps sanders and or corbyn but sanders certainly is n't extreme left by european standards, 
  as in the eu delegation will speak french and the british delegation will have translators ... 
  bullshit ; i demand that we negotiate in welsh . 
  what voter share do the communists hold in wallonia ? 
  a student from yorkshire ; guaranteed liver failure, 
  probably i 'm not sober, 
  yorkshire but i do n't think it 's original to it really . 
  a scouser , manc or georgie to name some also have strong regional ties, 
  i 've asked my friends this question before ; most will identity as region then english then british, 
  i think you 're giving too much weight to the census honestly . 
  pretty much everyone will identify with their home nation over ` british ' . 
  the data was also taken in 2011 under a conservative government ; many scottish would 've started to feel a political disconnect then because labour was traditionally dominant in scotland . 
  which is a pretty common sentiment among u.k. nations . 
  nevertheless i wonder what percent of scots would 've voted for independence in 2011 ; nowhere near 62 % that 's for sure . 
  of course ; politics always seems like something not many take an interest in or wholly informed even though it 's so important but comparatively to what the average briton knew about the eu i believe it 's substantial . 
  i frequent this sub quite a lot and i 'm informed on current affairs and such but i 'd be lying if i said i wholly understand the mechanisms of the eu but i certainly know then my average countrymen, 
  the snp 's dominance is exacerbated by the self implosion of labour ; it 's fairly telling when the tories are the second biggest party there now . 
  politically i probably align with the lib dems the most but the fact that labour are so incompetent right now pisses me off . 
  it 's bad for england and the rest of the uk because governments are most reflective of its people when it 's opposition is strong and reasoned ; something labour has n't been able to claim for awhile . 
  regional differences in political preferences is nothing new for the u.k. or other western democracies . 
  i believe the potential benefits of independence are outweighed by the negatives like i did with brexit ; does n't mean i want the scottish economy to crash and burn post independence as a message to wannabe-separatists in wales and ni , that 's just petty and childish . 
  i think popularism worked in regards to the eu because it was something few people wholly understood therefore it was easily open to disinformation and spin ; that 's not the case with the scottish and westminster, 
  it could be but it would still be an affluent large western european country of 56 million ; hardly the end of the world when you consider that both ni and scotland receive more public spending per capita then england . 
  that said it does n't mean i want that to happen ; i 'd prefer if the scottish people stayed because we 're very similar people in almost every regard . 
  lucky the prospect of ni or scotland leaving is minimal . 
  the scottish majority may have preferred to stay in the eu like i , but for most that does n't warrant leaving the uk because they feel closer to the ruk and are more financially and economically reliant on it then it ever was or will be on the eu . 
  when scots give more weight to being n the u.k. . then the eu , rightly . 
  it 's doubtful . 
  doubtful ; the prominent opinion in england is that we do n't want the scots to leave but if the majority want to then fine . 
  similar situation in northern ireland with the fsa . 
  a european generalising britons generalisations on the basis of imperial experiences even though the vast majority of us never lived under an empire nor ever want to . 
  the irony . 
  germany is the most powerful country in the eu ; of course if you wanted to get one country on side it would be germany followed by the french and so forth because they exercise more influence . 
  it would be a lot easier for instance to get poland on side in a deal when germany supports it then vice versa . 
  but in that case why go to paris when frankfurt certainly looks more attractive and potentially places such as amsterdam and dublin, 
  good workers rights but the type of people that ultimately make the decision to move or keep a bank where it is wo n't care or worse ; see those benefits as undesirable labour costs, 
  that 's why isis is excluded from such talks ... 
  the article is essentially complaining that british laws are only applicable in the uk ; it 's hard to turn this into a anti-british circlejerk / r/europe, 
  the iranian sanctions were n't to do with syria ... 
  there account was shut down ... 
  this is n't a british government assault on a russian news source ; the only people that watch rt here are the far-right / fans-left who believe the western media are all pushing some sort of collective agenda ( in a world where the daily mail and guardian exist ) . 
  either the account closing was symbolic ( doubtful , sanctions and the british military in the baltic send a way sterner message then this ever would ) or this is a decision by natwest for whatever reason which is way more probable . 
  i think may could sell us paying into the budget while retaining benefits of eu membership but not the ( perceived by the majority ) negatives such as freedom of movement as a victory . 
  depends on the willingness of other member states to cover the budget-hole of brexit . 
  they still were in nato ; even now the french have some military commitments opted out of nato ; for example only american and british nukes are under nato command , not french . 
  i mean this is just an internet forum ; the scots do n't need to hear it from me they 'll hear it from economists if another referendum happens . 
  but to kill someone you surely require more substance then words ? 
  i like to think of a drone strike as a last resort that would at least warrant an arrest for a serious crime in a domestic setting, 
  polls speak for the scottish people ; polls being the only quantitive measurement of the scottish attitude to independence . 
  the scots will vote remain in any referendum . 
  they ca n't use the pound and it be political suicide for them to use the euro . 
  the scots leaving the u.k. would be like the uk leaving the eu if it was more dependent on trade , had the euro and was received more money then it paid in ; the u.k. would never leave in that situation and not will scotland . 
  if brexit was such a tectonic event for scottish independence as you make it out to be where is the significant swing in public attitude or the majority of scots wanting another referendum ? 
  it has n't . 
  the uk is way more important to scotland then the eu ever was to the uk ; that is irrefutable . 
  the will of the scottish people right now is that they would vote against independence ; is that somehow less valid then the what if of the future ? 
  scotland gets more public spending and more seats in parliament then england per capita , stop making fictitious arguments about oppressed scots, 
  you 're just stating the obvious ... no shit a coin has two sides i just put my case forward why i think it 's unlikely they 'll go for independence, 
  the british equivalent would be the u.k. had the euro , it was purely reliant on the ecb and 65 % of its exports go to the eu . . yeah the uk might not be sitting pretty but in comparison to the prospects of an independent scotland it might as well be . 
  look at the economic position of an independent scotland ; it makes brexit look like a slight breeze . 
  scotlands economic position regarding independence looks more desperate and untenable then anything the u.k. faces post brexit, 
  i think lowering of corp tax is seen as another avenue of gaining a competitive advantage post-brexit by the majority of tories, 
  everything the government have said regarding the issue has pointed to them lowering corp tax, 
  leavers argue we can control non-eu immigration , we ca n't control eu immigration . 
  i 've never heard someone describe the norman 's as viking with the implication that they are n't french in my entire life ; you 're blowing people denying this completely out of proportion . 
  reddit is n't representative of anywhere . 
  that 's anglo-norman like you said ; find written norman around 1066 and try to understand it , i imagine you ca n't . 
  and there 's a famous video demonstrating old english ; it might as well be a different language . 
  the words are similar ; like how norman might be similar to french but the pronunciation is completely different which is key ; just because i can read it in modern english does n't mean it 's right, 
  i imagine the vast majority is just banter ; unless they skipped school brits are well aware of where normans came from, 
  yeah ; you 're easily in a game winning position if you hold the americas, 
  everyone learns that the norman 's , from modern day france took the english crown at school ; it 's not exactly a point of contention in our history but i suppose each country has an historically contentious event or time period ; like the napoleonic wars for france i imagine . 
  i mean , playing as england on eu4 i 'm surprised the french never successfully managed it again . 
  english / royal navy i guess, 
  the will of the scottish people is that they do n't want independence ... 
  same with a lot of events in history i guess , which is strange to think about ; our world as we know it was formed on events that could 've easily gone another way, 
  given that english written 500 years ago is very difficult for your average native english speaker to understand , i very much doubt that a native french speaker could understand a language spoken 950 years ago . 
  oh and nobody makes a big distinction between the normans and the french to spite the french ; i very much doubt people get pissy over an invasion that happened 950 years ago and undoubtedly contributed massively to our language and culture . 
  i dunno mate have you played risk, 
  we live in a strange world where deployed special forces and air strikes is n't already considered military intervention . 
  with the implication that britain wanted the war because it was beneficial ; we did n't . 
  we would 've preferred if the argentinians did n't invade the islands causing 100s of our servicemen and argentinian conscripts to die . 
  ah yes i remember when britain invaded the argentinian falkland islands in 1982 to drum up nationalistic sentiment ... oh wait,
