  nuclear weapons may possess unequaled power but at least it guarantees that major military powers can never fight one another directly again . 
  that 's why the british resorted to bombing more inaccurately at night . 
  day time was suicide, 
  interesting perspectives from both sides . 
  the inability of remain to debate eu immigration and it 's lack of dominance on economic issues were clearly decisive blows unfortunately . 
  ukip typically full of it . 
  without non-ukip backing leave they would 've got destroyed in the referendum . 
  not many people are fond of the eu in the u.k. 
  including people who voted remain like myself but if you are n't part of ukip 's target demographics people generally distain them . 
  it 's pretty common . 
  i did n't really think i had a distinct accent until i went to university, 
  if you put milk first your citizenship should be removed and you should be deported to sealand, 
  how is that even relevant ? 
  in a modern context is my vote worth more then a second generation immigrant ? 
  no , of course not . 
  they moved there 100s of years ago they have every right to be there, 
  a completely idiotic comparison . 
  the public did n't know about rotherham and when they did there was a national outrage at the public services there, 
  it does . 
  it 's kind of redundant in the modern context though . 
  regardless of the future political situation nobody would expect the northern irish protestant to leave because 300 years ago there family immigrated to work on plantations . 
  my family could 've lived in england for 1000 years or two generations it does n't matter in the eyes of the law if we both can get a british passport . 
  nobody talks to is for obvious reasons . 
  they 're considered fair game by all parties at all times . 
  iran and russia are the principle ones that prop up the assad government with military support therefore they are integral to such talks . 
  saudi arabia is in a similar situation to turkey because they both support opposition groups however when you consider saudi-iranian relations you probably wo n't see them sitting at a table with one another for awhile . 
  iran provides soldiers , hezbollah fighters and equipment to the syrian government and has been doing so long before russian warplanes joined the fight, 
  nor do they ever surrender . 
  they want death because they believe they 'll be a martyr i guess . 
  bbc reporting the shooter may have used police id to get inside . 
  both the assassin and the ambassador are dead it seems . 
  so too has france ; in fact before britain . 
  a soldier is currently doing prison time for killing a taliban fighter unjustifiably . 
  in terms of what is counted as warfare and what is murder is generally confined by international law, 
  but you 're not the german government and within the context of the west 's reaction to russia clinging onto the little spheres of influence it still has in europe it is good that the british are training and providing equipment for the ukrainians , no ? 
  raises the question ; if these views are so basic to a modern democracy why should an oath be necessary when public servants should already believe this . 
  not sure i feel about this . 
  if they want to establish a form of us nationalism in the uk , no thanks . 
  if it 's a set of values which everyone can generally agree on and that are fundamental in a modern democracy etc civil liberties , freedom of speech for example then sure . 
  it would be a bit ironic to introduce such a measure under a may led government though . 
  i 've stopped taking my debit card out with me i would n't trust myself with this, 
  it 's the most influential in the uk, 
  article about russia ? 
  check . 
  immediate whataboutism ? 
  check . 
  ca n't have sympathy for many of them though when they were part of modern terrorist attacks in russia, 
  the rise in political `` populism '' in 2016 has forced macro-economists profoundly to re-assess their attitude towards the basic causes of the new politics , which are usually identified to be globalisation and technology . 
  the consensus on the appropriate policy response to these major issues -- particularly the former -- seems to be changing dramatically and , as gavin kelly persuasively argues , probably not before time . 
  unless economists can develop a rational response to these revolutionary changes , political impatience will take matters completely out of their hands , and the outcome could be catastrophic . 
  unfortunately , while the nature of the problem is coming into sharper focus , the nature of a solution that makes economic sense while also being politically feasible remains embryonic at best ( see danny leipziger ) . 
  until very recently , the mainstream attitude of economists towards globalisation was straightforward . 
  free trade was overwhelmingly believed to increase productivity and overall economic welfare , both in developed economies and emerging economies . 
  therefore , it was argued that barriers to trade and international capital movements should be reduced as rapidly as possible , wherever they existed . 
  while it was recognised that there could be losers from free trade in the developed economies , these losers were thought to be few and temporary , compared to the gainers , who were many and permanent . 
  the political upheavals of 2016 have forced economists to reconsider . 
  the final shape of what is now called `` populism '' is not yet entirely clear . 
  it does not seem to fit easily on the traditional right/left , or liberal/conservative , spectrum . 
  this is why two of the most obvious benefits of the political revolution , theresa may and donald trump , are hard to categorize in this regard [ 1 ] . 
  there does , however , seem to be one unifying theme and that is a resurgence in economic nationalism , with a collapse in support for internationalism or globalisation . 
  since the `` elites '' are seen as the main beneficiaries of globalisation in the developed economies , this has gone hand in hand with anti-elitism and a rejection of advice from `` experts '' . 
  the latter could easily develop into anti-rationalism , which would surely prove disastrous in the long term . 
  economists have now recognised these dangers , and a new consensus has started to emerge . 
  there has been ( almost ) no change in the overwhelming belief that free trade and globalisation are good things for society as a whole . 
  but it is now much more widely accepted that the losers from these changes can be more numerous , more long lasting and more politically assertive than previously thought . 
  the new consensus holds that the gains from globalisation can only be defended and extended if the losers are compensated by the winners . 
  otherwise , pockets of political resistance to the process of globalisation will begin to overwhelm the gainers , even though the latter remain in the majority [ 2 ] . 
  while the compensation principle seems clear enough , the complexity of actually getting it done is much greater . 
  as jared bernstein says , the rust belt needs help , but it is not clear how to help the rust belt . 
  nor is it at all obvious that there would be a political or economic consensus supporting some of the most obvious measures that could be adopted , at least on the scale that would be needed to make a noticeable difference . 
  the main gainers from globalisation have been twofold : unskilled labour in the emerging world , and those at the upper end of the income scale in the developed economies . 
  the main losers have been industrial workers in the developed world . 
  ( see mark carney for some compelling evidence on this topic . ), 
  the most direct `` solutions '' to the problem would presumably be to take measures that would reverse these changes in income distribution , either globally or within the boundaries of the developed world . 
  this is why president-elect trump has focused protectionist proposals on imports from mexico and china , which are clearly the most important threats to the manufacturing sector in the united states . 
  unfortunately , tariffs on manufactured imports from these two countries are likely to displace production to other emerging economies , not to the industrialized regions of america . 
  furthermore , a more general restriction on all manufactured imports into the us would raise prices to american consumers , cause disruptions to domestic output as key imported components became scarce , and worsen the productivity crisis that is already serious enough anyway . 
  this would also redistribute income away from workers in the emerging world , who are still low paid by global standards . 
  that would not deserve to command general consent in the political process , but there is a rising danger that it could happen anyway . 
  what about compensating the losers by redistributing income away from those who have gained inside the developed economies , mainly at the upper end of the income scale ? 
  that approach might be seen to respect the principles of natural justice , since it would reverse the `` windfall '' redistribution in income and wealth caused by free trade . 
  it does , however , run into very familiar difficulties with a generalized redistribution of this type . 
  it would be difficult to distinguish between those who have lost from globalization , and those who have hit upon hard times for other reasons , including the results of their own choices . 
  and it would undermine economic incentives to take risk and promote expansion . 
  the principle of compensation for loss already operates through the tax and benefits system , and it could be argued that this already provides the safety net that society has seen as optimal in the past . 
  why does this new source of loss merit a new and larger form of compensation than previously provided against other economic shocks , like recessions and shifts in the composition of demand away from certain types of production ? 
  one answer to this question is that the losers from globalization tend to be concentrated in particular regions , like the american rust belt and northern england . 
  it is particularly hard for people in these regions to recover . 
  this would argue for regional transfers , away from more successful regions like the coastal states in america , and london in the uk . 
  these ideas have been tried in the past , without any great success , even when implemented in large scale , such as the transfers made to east germany after the berlin wall came down ( see paul krugman ) . 
  is this a counsel of despair ? 
  no , but it does warn of great difficulties ahead , and of the dangers ( entirely ignored by candidate trump ) of raising false hopes in the afflicted regions . 
  some progress is certainly being made . 
  lawrence summers calls for `` responsible nationalism '' . 
  maurice obstfeld , the outstanding chief economist at the imf , has outlined a long list of appropriate policy measures , including programmes of retraining for the unemployment , regional infrastructure spending , etc. 
  [ 3 ] but while he calls for `` trampoline '' policies that offer a springboard to new jobs , rather than `` safety net '' policies , these interventions are rather familiar to obama-style liberals . 
  meanwhile the republicans in the us and the conservatives in britain seem to have decided to go down a very different path . 
  liberal economic solutions , while attractive to the imf , have the wrong set of politicians in power . 
  if we cast our minds back 12 months , no one predicted brexit or donald trump 's victory . 
  politics is moving fast , and economics needs to catch up .
