  but i can certainly identify with australians more then say a frenchmen or an irishmen more then an italian , maybe its just the common language and similar culture that means i feel more cultural affinity with those countries . 
  to put it in perspective i 've been to both dublin and sydney and it did n't feel foreign whereas i imagine in paris , rome or warsaw it would . 
  pretty nice paragraph to summarise the article at the end  the uk has remained a grumpy , garrulous but vital and valuable member ever since . 
  it is not just in britain 's interest that it remains so , but in europe 's too . 
  we should give everybody a crossbow , so people with crossbows can stop other people with crossbows . 
  did n't the us and britain send trainers there a few months ago , why is russia complaining now ? 
   or edward snowden why ? 
  i know who i 'd prefer to be in government after may the 18th . 
  i prefer a status quo that is working rather then uncertainly of a new economic path, 
   we were pushed by your appeasement strategy and your failure to protect poland into the axis . 
  sorry , we were n't exactly up for another war that would cost hundreds of thousands of lives . 
  the first world war was still very much in peoples minds . 
   also the fact that your soon-to-be allies , the soviet union , gave us an ultimatum to cede basarabia and northern bukovina certainly did n't help . 
  it was n't exactly a friendly alliance , to use a clich\u00e9 it was very much the enemy of our enemy is our friend, 
   he certainly did n't give a shit about romania . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  especially since romania fought alongside the nazis i doubt he had much sympathy for them . 
   i think churchill had a pretty good idea that there will be no free elections in any of those state worth a try , but the soviet 's would n't budge regardless, 
  i do n't think it would be simple . 
  of course all we can do is assume what would happen but the deterioration of relations between the west and east would mean that at the very least the west would back a capitalist government and maybe fund resistance groups, 
   they would 've influenced us to become commies or force us to become commies . 
  no other option . 
  i think it would have become a place of contention for the cold war . 
   and the russian army would 've had to pass the country after the germans retreated . 
  what ? 
  to get to germany why would russia go through romania , its not logical . 
  surely you 'd go through poland . 
  i ca n't recall if german troops passed through romania or not but the only reason they would surely would be to either reinforce the italian peninsula or simply because romania was friendly you originally blamed the british for why you were communist but in reality the only people you can blame are your own government, 
   i do n't like when we do n't make the cut only just because we happen to be the smallest of the six . 
  i did n't include poland simply because the others are more comparable in terms of gdp per capita and average income and such and they are all tertiary sector economies whereas poland although most of its economy is tertiary i believe 58 % tertiary sector has a greater disparity then the other 5 . 
  if you were compare the 6 regardless of population poland would be the outlier in many aspects so a comparison between uk and the other 4 most populous countries is probably more telling then a comparison with poland . 
  there are many similarities with the other 4 countries . 
   germans would 've invaded us without a second thought . 
  our oil was crucial for their tanks . 
  or just bought it from the fascist romanian government who would 've probably been glad to sell it to them, 
  the germans and soviets did have plans to divide romania like poland however hitler attacked the soviet 's before this could be considered . 
  romania fought for the axis in ww2 first and foremost because of its fascist government not because its neutrality was threatened , after barbarossa the nazis or the soviet 's were too busy to consider invading romania . 
  potentially , if the romanians remained neutral the soviet union would n't invade them during the war ... as it would be a waste of resources that could 've gone against the nazis . 
  however all neutral european countries were western european countries so its hard to draw comparisons to what the soviets would do post-war . 
  however i imagine if would become a place of contention between western and soviet influence during the cold war, 
   churchill pressed for free elections and democratic governments in eastern and central europe ( specifically poland ) ; and stalin demanded a soviet sphere of political influence in eastern and central europe , an ** essential ** aspect of the ussr 's national security strategy . 
  yalta conference, 
  excellent . 
  i mean usually i 'm happy when we just beat the french at something but being first in terms of economic growth out of the 5 most populous eu countries is n't bad at all . 
  they just oppose anything military basically . 
  is n't exactly multiple choice for us , is it ? 
  i suppose if we count the english channel as a border we could ~ ~ conquer ~ ~ merge with france , just so we can like claim total victory or something in a our dozens of wars ... y' know for old times sake, 
  much of the land is for subsistence farming and the industrial capabilities are far behind the rest of the world . 
  you 'd have to probably re-educate the entire population and rid them of indoctrination . 
  it will cost south korea a lot in the short term . 
  interesting article here : http://spice.fsi.stanford.edu/docs/the_economic__costs_of_korean_reunification/  then there are the economic costs . 
  the survey data illustrates how the south korean public is wary of the large economic divide between the two koreas , which would significantly raise the burden of reunification if it were to occur very quickly through a scenario in which south korea would absorb a collapsing north korea . 
  estimates of korean reunification run from tens of billions of dollars to over $ 1 trillion . 
  there are different types of unification obviously but i imagine if korea united it would be the collapse of the north korean regime which would be very expensive . 
  even china , once north korea 's last true ally has plans for its collapse : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/10808719/china-plans-for-north-korean-regime-collapse-leaked.html, 
  the unification of korea will probably have far more serious economic implications for south korea then west germany had . 
  if it ever happens, 
  just seems to be a mistype as they spelled it correctly in the url, 
  get rekt frenchies :d, 
  not really , as soon as the russians arrived the british infantry formed squares to defend against the cavalry and this worked quite well . 
  [ the prince seems to keep his promises ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/property/3348980/just-like-he-said-he-would....html ), 
  u wot m8 ? 
  last i heard most were simply indifferent to monarchy or republicanism . 
  i personally do n't care much . 
  the monarchy makes us more money then we give them and they have very little power anyway . 
  dumb people be dumb , hopefully they get caught and sent to prison, 
  another article on the discovery ; http://uk.businessinsider.com/no-way-oil-boom-gatwick-airport-balcombe-weald-basin-horse-hill-2015-4, 
  more like the french and spanish , hessians fought for the british, 
  according to wikipedia we have 6,900 billion barrels of oil reverses . 
  if you add this oil that is 7000 billion barrels , we have more oil then the entirety of the eu excluding us combined . 
  we have a comparable amount of oil to norway so ... not to shabby edit : bullion, 
  probably not . 
  it 'll be met with opposition and then the government will have a public investigation to weigh up the advantages and disadvantages and stuff . 
  i 'll be surprised if they begin drilling within 5 years but i 'm no expert on the matter . 
  it just seems like they 'll be a lot of bureaucracy before they start to drill . 
  it 's okay america we 're already freedomised, 
  i just woke up when i read the title and my immediate thought was `` must 've been a good hiding place '', 
   however , ukog admitted that it estimates that only 3 % to 15 % of the oil could be recovered , when compared to similar geology in the us and west siberia . 
  my advanced maths skills points to there actually only being a maximum of 15 billion barrels that are extractable, 
  when they commit to building four new submarines do they mean they commit to replacing trident or building a total of 8 submarines once trident has reached its operational life span ? 
  i do n't see trident not being replaced as both labour and the conservatives want to . 
  8 submarines just seems unnecessary if 4 nuclear-armed submarines were good enough for the cold war . 
  i thought you were talking about plantations generally , the loss of cotton plantations in america was not major as britain both resumed trading with the us after the war and had a massive supply of cotton in india . 
  america was a blip and even became secondary in the war to british objectives once the french and spanish intervened . 
  towards the end of the war the british did n't care for america anymore it had turned into a world war and meant the british army would both have to win the hearts and minds of the american people ( difficult with militia ) and decisively defeat the continental army ( difficult with washington 's defensive strategy ) as well ensuring the defences of other colonies . 
  you note the plantations as incredibly beneficial however the vast majority of the plantations were in the west indies . 
  britain recovered immediately after the war both economically and politically . 
  india was seen as much more wealthy then america . 
  india became the british focus and the war helped it to consolidate its position in by removing french and dutch trading posts . 
  cecil rhodes the man who believed anglo-saxon 's were born to rule the world ? 
  i wonder why he would envy americans , almost like he considered them as part of his master race or something . 
  he wanted a united britain , germany and america his theories are outlandish today . 
  do n't tell the muricans that, 
  they mentioned him because of his role in the english civil war and not what he did in ireland . 
  the english civil war is taught in school in the uk and oliver 's role within it but nothing after the war . 
  that is why they voted for him . 
  the biggest mistake the french and british made was to wait for the germans to attack rather then attack the valuable western german border . 
  the saar offensive proved the allies could 've have overwhelmed the german defences pushed into germany but they did not . 
  this was no longer ww1 where defensive warfare was heavily favoured but advancements in tanks and aircraft made attacking just as powerful as defending , if not more so . 
  from what i understand about the fall of france once the bef and several french divisions were effectively forced out of france at dunkirk is that the french military although it put up stiff resistance the french army and government went into chaos well the rest of the french divisions were defeated by overwhelming force in a blitzkrieg which forced them to sign an armistice .
