  right now i 'm just convinced that people that already harboured these views have used the referendum as justification and confirmation of their views ; which it is n't . 
  the nature of our parliament is that they can legislate and repeal whatever they want . 
  i like this system ; although it lacks checks and balances it 's reelected every 5 years so they generally do what the electorate want them to do if they want to be reelected . 
  brits typically vote with their pockets though so this piece of legislation will probably just be included into the list of may 's policies that curbed public freedoms one way or the other . 
  there is no law . 
  the government told them to make optional filters and the isps obeyed because if they did n't the government would probably legislate it . 
  basically do this or we 'll make you do it . 
  this was posted on / r/ukpolitics and oxfams sources largely contradict their point using oxfams sources ; which was comprised of mostly western countries the uk 's has the 5th lowest amount in terms of what the 1 % own . 
  http://m.imgur.com/curznvg?r this is sensualist bullshit ; move along . 
  which brings me back to my point . 
  no country is perfect . 
  i imagine the face sitting law will be remembered as a stupid law and not enforced ; just like all the other obscene american laws . 
  you 're arguing against something that is the prerogative of isps ; the government did n't tell them to make it opt out they told them to offer a voluntary filter, 
  but you could n't ... that was a law repealed in 1960, 
  but not all of them are unconstitutional ; meaning some of these archaic laws could still be enforced . 
  i think its perfectly valid if someone , say a parent wanted the filter honestly . 
  give people the option , do n't force them to use it is the best way forward . 
  really ? 
  lets see . 
   [ and -- would n't you know it ? 
  -- the united states takes the cake . 
  while countries around the world are all guilty of trying to control our sex lives , the u.s. has more laws regulating sexual behavior than all the european countries combined . 
  outdated , unthinkable , erotophobic and downright ridiculous , we should thank our lucky stars that enforcing them is another matter . 
  sex toys are banned in some states , such as alabama . 
  sexual intercourse between unmarried couples is illegal in georgia . 
  flirting is banned in san antonio , texas . 
  oral sex is banned in indiana . 
  anal intercourse is banned in cincinnati , ohio . 
  sexual positions beyond missionary are illegal in washington , d.c. sleeping naked is illegal in minnesota . 
  ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/story/2008/04/18/foxsexpert-us-sex-laws-amusing-to-just-plain-silly.html ) oh and before you say these are n't enforced ; i have n't heard of anyone been arrested for filming facesitting . 
  it 's usually not even a ` request ' but an option to toggle . 
  which is largely redundant ; at the end of the day if you do n't want the filter you can take it off and the isps chose to have it on by default or not ; not the government . 
  when new customers sign up to an isp chances are they 'll be given a choice to have it or not as well . 
  i know plusnet do n't have it by default . 
  yeah it 's a bullshit law . 
  but in comparison to americas expansive and invasive laws to do with sex i guess neither of our countries are perfect, 
  it varies from provider to provider . 
  i 've been with my provider since before they introduced one so i do n't know what their policy is . 
  the government made internet companies offer an optional porn filter ; as in anyone and everyone can turn it off or on by router setting or ringing them up . 
  jesus fucking christ that 's one of my triggers . 
  how people so ill informed about something make a generalisation on the uk using a law that does n't exist . 
  i imagine he 'll be able to find local media reports about it . 
  one of the reasons why you hear a lot about poles being attacked is because of the rise in hate crime ; therefore making a normally localised story into national news . 
  the switch to an industrial based economy to a service based economy has left areas that were reliant on industrial sector jobs such as mining , factory work etc impoverished . 
  this is exacerbated by the centralised nature of our economy and although it is n't as bad as some countries ( france is more reliant on paris in terms of gdp for example ) in combination with the loss of jobs in the industrial sector which were centred around places like the north of england and wales is probably the primary reason for the current state of poorer areas . 
  i would n't put it down to culture ; people do n't really care what background your from and the class system is largely arbitrary . 
  it 's just that people from wealthier backgrounds inherently have an advantage in life like in most countries and lot of people will argue the tories have done little to nothing to combat this . 
  but russia generally draw support from either far left or far right parties across europe . 
  it seems more probable to me that corbyn would want better relations with russia then what may has in mind because he 's very critical of western governments in the same general way that the russian government does . 
  i do n't really understand why labour are worried about one tory donor when if the russians wanted to exert any influence over british politics it would probably use the sympathetic labour leader and his warped world view . 
  both the british and irish governments want to maintain the common travel area ; they just need to find a legal way to do so, 
  technically if a nato member was attacked with nuclear weapons and the us was n't in the alliance only the uk has to respond with nuclear weapons ; france 's nukes have n't been under nato command for awhile . 
  but what lost_soul above is arguing is a complete fallacy, 
  nothing covers the future so i do n't really get your argument . 
  you basically stated the obvious and said it could change which is true for everything in the world, 
  i 've heard nothing but support for the common travel area in the media post brexit, 
  he was acquitted after 30 mins of deliberations by the jury , there was insufficient evidence clearly . 
  you must 've hated the gfa right ? 
  it put an end to 30 years of wasteful blood shed and compromised between the two parties ; a compromise that existed since at least 1973 . 
  people like you on both sides were what caused 30 years of blood shed ; an fervent hatred of the opposing side and an inability to compromise . 
  what a well argued point ... 
  i 'm not going to waste my time arguing with someone who clearly does n't know what they 're arguing for and the fact that you ca n't accept that both nationalists and unionists elements share blame is a perfect example of why tensions remain high in ni . 
  have a nice day, 
  not related what so ever . 
  the british government 's terrorism ? 
  please ; i 'm well aware of how the troubles started and the fact that the british army was welcomed with open arms by both catholics and protestants as well as the hunt commission recommendations which were scuttled by the unionists showed that the british had the intention of solving the violence by appeasing both sides . 
  when the provisional ira was formed this further increased sectarianism as they openly fought for a united ireland which no doubt made compromise harder . 
  the british government of course fucked up ; bloody sunday enraged anti-british sentiment for example but on a political and diplomatic level the british government remained open to dialogue , reform and compromise throughout the entire conflict which can not be said about the pira as they continued to push for a united ireland from military struggle after the ceasefire of 1972 and refusing to accept the sunningdale agreement that was supported by the very country they claimed to be fighting for . 
  i understand why the nationalists were pissed ; they were clearly discriminated against by the ni government but certainly not by the westminster . 
  the british were negligent politically in northern ireland prior to the troubles breaking out but i do n't understand how you can blame them directly for it or its continuation . 
  that lays with the unionists and the nationalists being stubborn and not compromising with one another ; be it the unionists institutionally discriminating against catholics or the nationalist paramilitaries stubborn yearning for a united ireland through military means which was unachievable . 
  i wonder how useful the british and spanish experiences in fighting the ira / eta have proven against islamists . 
  i suppose the emphasis for the armed police and special forces is minimising the damage terrorists can do whereas intelligence services are responsible for preventing them . 
  it seems like our intelligence services are quite competent as they have foiled several attacks ; i wonder how much of their success is down to finished personal freedoms under the conservatives though that said ; if a terrorist attack does happen the police are recruiting more armed officers , training armed police better etc so that 's reassuring as well as the fact that in certain situations the sas / sbs appear dependable . 
  when you block critical infrastructure for such an obscene and fictitious reason you should be arrested and made an example of . 
  i 'd love for them to try and reason these issues in court . 
  what a fucking joke of an organisation . 
  i do n't mind us importing aspects of american culture ; but let 's not import their social issues that are having a marginal effect in the uk . 
  nobody is suggesting we deport eu immigrants that are already here . 
  the government have basically said if brits are allowed to stay in the eu ; eu citizens can stay in the uk, 
  of course . 
  the government had two options ; firstly it could accommodate immigration through new homes , hospitals , schools etc which was n't going to happen because of conservative economic policy resolving around cutting the deficit or it could try to cut immigration which is also could n't happen feasibly within the eu . 
  that pretty much explains the current situation ; the government did n't want to invest the capital needed to accommodate people ( admittedly labour and the conservatives are equally to blame ; they 've both been in government for 6 years after 2004 ) and it also could n't attempt to cut immigration . 
  major part of the eu referendum as you can imagine . 
  i do n't think i 'm underestimating the scale what so ever honestly . 
  the u.k. population has increased by 5 million since poles were allowed to immigrate freely to the uk . 
  so approximately 1 in 5 people who have come to the uk since then have been polish . 
  it takes a lot for a government to care for one million people ; our second city only has 1 million people . 
  imagine what public services they require and spread that proportionately across the country it 's quite significant . 
  i 'm not sure you 're informed on the current state of the u.k. 
  but we 've had a housing crisis since as long as i can remember ; we constantly need to build new schools and hospitals to accommodate the ever growing population . 
  your point would be perfectly valid if the government took the steps to properly accommodate for any significant population increases but successive governments have n't . 
  you can find hundreds of sources on the strain on schools , housing and the nhs alone which have been s massive issue for at least a decade . 
  you 're presuming our government does what a government should do when 1 million people come to the country ; they have n't and show no signs of doing so . 
  when the overwhelming majority of them immigrated in the last 12 years that is quite a lot of people ; yes . 
  most other large minorities in the uk immigrated in the aftermath of ww2 for example . 
  when nearly 1 million people immigrate to a country that would create certain problems for most countries such as a lack of housing , strain on public services and not to mention the cultural affects . 
  this is all fuel to the fire for racists of course . 
  i could n't care less what people 's nationality is honestly as long as they abide by the law . 
   the uk has a population of around 64 million , and has had a peak of about 400k polish-born workers in the past decade or so .
