   the hmic said the licensing system for england and wales has fundamental gaps and previous recommendations for reforms had not been acted on . 
   only four of 11 forces it inspected were effectively monitoring licences . 
   as of march last year , 734,336 people were entitled to possess and use shotguns or rifles under the legal system for licensing and certificating firearms in england and wales . 
  in total , these people owned more than 1.8 m guns . 
   gun crime is very low in the uk - and murders and manslaughters involving shootings are relatively rare . 
  there were 29 in the year to march 2014 - and three of those involved a legally held firearm . 
   * 151 , 413 firearms certificates on issue as of march 2014 - typically meaning sports rifles  * 582,923 shotgun certificates on issue  * 1,837,243 shotguns and firearms licensed  * 72 % increase in licensed firearms between 1998 and 2014  * 260 certificates revoked as a result of a review and 949 applications refused, 
  i 'm retarded , i misread this from the wikipedia article  universal conscription was introduced in greece during the military reforms of 1909, 
  i did n't know greece reintroduced conscription in 2009 , what was the reason for this ? 
  let me guess , sweden ? 
  closest thing i 've fired to a gun was an air rifle . 
  i 've only saw guns two times in the uk , once when the army had a recruitment booth at the local shopping center that had an la85a2 and a l115a3 , disarmed completely of course which i got to hold and when i went to london i saw two policemen with what appeared to be mp5 's . 
  i 've probably been near or next to more armed officers but i imagine if they only have holstered pistol it can be difficult to spot especially considering holsters / pistols are usually black along with a policemen 's belt / trousers and are not the only thing they have on their belt . 
  my experience is probably similar to most in britain ( i suppose the use of britain instead of uk is actually important in this context ) maybe with the exception of those who live in london who i imagine see armed police on a much more regular basis . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd like to fire a gun , i 've never had an aspiration to actually fire one really nor do i even know where my closest gun range is . 
  my brother fired an la85a1 in the cadets i believe which is how i imagine a lot of people in the uk actually fire a gun for the first time that and joining the armed forces . 
  i mean the german empire was proclaimed ten days before the franco-prussian war ended so its questionable if that was even a `` win '' for the german empire as much of the fighting already had been done when it was the north german confed led by the prussians fighting . 
  special forces are probably already there . 
  if the french public is for it and the british public is 39/39 no doubt america would support it, 
  but evil thatcher closed the unprofitable coal mines so it must be the right thing to do / s, 
  i do n't think this is very good for the labour in the long run , i understand this is beating a dead horse but if corbyn ca n't appeal to the center of british politics it will be very difficult for labour to win a general election . 
  although this might give the liberal democrats an opportunity to revive themselves if they can appeal to the the center-left side of british politics . 
  nor do i think this is good for europe as a whole as corbyn echoes russia in saying that [ nato scheming that lay at the heart of the crisis . 
  ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/jeremy-corbyn-putins-latest-useful-idiot-europe-1515028 ) [ as well as this jeremy corbyn attended a conference after the iraq war that called on iraqis to engage in `` military struggle '' against coalition forces . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-34179201 ) [ most worrying for me is that , he said he can not think of any circumstances that he would deploy british troops . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/jeremy_corbyn/11845417/britain-will-be-prevented-from-taking-military-action-in-syria-and-ending-the-refugee-crisis-early-if-jeremy-corbyn-wins.html ) i mean , his entire political career is full of questionable quotes and constant opposition , but lucky enough for him he 'll only be working in opposition because i can not see labour feasibly contesting the conservatives under corbyn [ what jeremy corbyn 's leadership victory means for labour ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-34231943 ), 
  is that what the dup are arguing ? 
  it seems like they are arguing that the ira still exists which i do n't think many people are surprised about . 
  what is the dup / uup actually hoping to achieve ? 
  it seems like if ni 's government ca n't function and london has to run the country again that this will increase tensions and probably benefit the nationalists in the long term . 
  how can the dup seriously suggest that sf should be excluded from government that would be moronic . 
  westminster should tell the dup to stop playing political games and potentially ignite a conflict that has been over for a decade . 
   creating a place that has scottish majority does n't make ireland or ulster to have british loyalist majority so because there ancestors moved there they should n't be able to dictate the future of their own country , because their ancestors immigrated there ? 
  by the same logic only people who can prove they are 100 % british ( which would n't be many people ) should be able to vote in the uk general election . 
  you 're basically saying people should only be able to vote on the basis of their ancestry and race which is wrong on so many levels . 
  the majority of people in northern ireland are pro union and not for independence , the uk would n't have a problem giving a country independence if the majority were for it as was demonstrated by scotland that has a bigger economy and more resources in comparison to ni . 
  i do n't even know where this stereotype comes from . 
  if you live in a country containing millions of people i doubt there is huge variation of how beautiful people are in one particular continent , especially considering immigration . 
  its just people having a confirmation bias and from what i 've seen there honestly is n't much difference in the countries i 've been in but i imagine if i thought there was more beautiful people or ugly people in one particular country / area it would be easy to have a confirmation bias . 
  did n't the gdp of ireland fall dramatically during the economic crash , maybe its simply a rebound ? 
  you 'd think ireland would be higher if that was purely the case , right ? 
  i find it hard to feel sympathetic towards a separatist if they do n't have popular support tbh , similarly to the pira . 
  republicans did n't have the majority of those living in northern ireland 's support and after the good friday agreement and the amendment to article 3 of the irish constitution it made no sense for them to continue fighting as if the majority wanted to join the republic , they probably could have and still theoretically could . 
   it is the firm will of the irish nation , in harmony and friendship , to unite all the people who share the territory of the island of ireland , in all the diversity of their identities and traditions , recognising ** that a united ireland shall be brought about only by peaceful means with the consent of a majority of the people , democratically expressed , in both jurisdictions in the island . 
  ** until then , the laws enacted by the parliament established by this constitution shall have the like area and extent of application as the laws enacted by the parliament [ 2 ] that existed immediately before the coming into operation of this constitution . 
  what is the support for an independent state for kurds in the south east like ? 
  david cameron called sikh 's a model community a few months ago . 
  its a topic that is controversial , debatable and divides public opinion and on top of all this , people and even states have contrasting ideas about how best to deal with the crisis . 
  i think this really is a watershed moment for the eu, 
  but pakistan is in the indian subcontinent, 
  it 's done all the caring it can . 
  i mean i would n't support a war between russia and nato for ukraine and that 's the next level of support it can give . 
  it does n't help when he turns up to meet european leaders drunk . 
  nobody cares if he occasionally drinks but he should n't drink while working which is a basic expectation for a normal person . 
  you can find numerous videos of him clearly drunk or on something, 
  [ can confirm , im an indian , dot-indian , who grew up in the deep south georgia.my accent was so think for awhile my fresh of the boat indian parents could n't make heads or tales of what i was saying , or of anyone else for that matter i became an english to english translator . 
  my family in the uk on the other hands insists america is racist and tells me how racist it is and how persecuted i am . 
  i cant tell if its brain washing or mass english indoctrination either way . 
  im gon na shoot my gun , salute my flag , and spit at commies !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/356ugu/jay_on_what_it_means_to_be_an_american/cr1rw5d?context=3 ) i do n't think you 're the person who should be preaching nationalism, 
  it was for me , there will be schools that were did all those things and schools that do n't . 
  at the end of the day it largely depended on the teachers and i think i was quite lucky in that regard . 
  i always enjoyed history for example , they gave me information and facts for me to make an informed decision . 
  when i was doing the american war of independence is was n't like `` ungrateful fucking americans paying hardly any tax while we protect them from the french and natives '' . 
  it was more like this was the opinions and positions of the key individuals , the british parliament and the public opinion of the colonies and britain as well as some statistics to make an informed decision on things . 
  it is n't told from the perspective of the british or the colonists , you try to look at a balanced argument and make a decision yourself . 
  there was no right or wrong it was writing a balanced and informed argument using sources , statistics and inferences . 
   it was n't a catholic school or anything and i do n't know how common that may be . 
  i do n't know how common it is now , but if i recall correctly it was simply a hymn every week for me . 
  that did n't continue in secondary however , only if a school was catholic . 
   europe could use such a tactic to create pan-european nationalism . 
  i do n't think the schools should promote nationalism . 
  they should promote critical thinking and free thought for individuals so they can make up their own mind about the world . 
  if an individual describes himself as a nationalist , so be it . 
  but make him an informed nationalist . 
  a nationalist that has every right to celebrate the achievements of his country , but make sure he is also informed of the bad his country has done and how nationalism has impacted europe . 
  which in terms of the 20th century , is overwhelmingly negative . 
  it seems strange to that that the pledge has been normalised so people do n't give that a second thought . 
  i do n't think i was ever expected as a child to sing the national anthem or do anything that would be considered nationalistic . 
  in primary school they just treat kids brains like a sponge to try and get children proficient enough in maths , english and basic sciences to prepare them for secondary school . 
  one is a constitutional monarchy with little to no power and largely ceremonial and the other is swearing allegiance as a child , sometimes on a daily basis . 
  if somebody said to me , the uk is now a republic ( which would sound shit right , the united republic of england , scotland , wales and northern ireland ... just does n't have the same ring to it ) but every child is expected to sing the national anthem ( i mean , abba - waterloo has my vote ) with their hand on their hearts on a daily basis , i 'd prefer the old system . 
  i 'd rather have a state church and a monarch with no power but a generally secular society rather then having a nation where the pledge of allegiance is expected , the government is secular but large amounts of society , including most politicians identify as religious . 
   how do you know what our kids are encouraged to do ? 
  everyone has seen the pledge of allegiance and stuff . 
  dat be pretty scary, 
  i agree , our monarchs should be political neutral but its not like he was some mad man trying to push his agenda or something like the guardian would 've loved . 
  i think some of the things he was writing mp 's about was things such as the army 's lack of equipment in iraq for example, 
  its not perfect , but neither is germany giving asylum to every immigrant that wants it which is putting more pressure on the italian and greek authorities and resulting in more immigrants drowning . 
  if the eu would only guarantee refuge to people in un refugee camps as a collective this will remove the pressure on the greek and italian authorities and stop a lot of people dying crossing the med . 
  its like a low budget transformers film or some shit . 
  bengazi was important but not critical . 
  the rebels would n't suddenly cease to exist if bengazi was destroyed . 
  up until a few years ago most of the british public favoured the death penalty . 
  if that came down to a citizen vs government decision on what is best . 
  i 'd go with the government . 
  popular opinions are n't necessarily correct , like history has demonstrated countless times before, 
  purposefully i imagine . 
  it basically says the rest of nato will assist that attacked party in any way they deem necessary , which means not much potentially . 
  its domestic so not really .
