  you 're making this issue far too emotive . 
  the eu has changed dramatically since we joined and they were valid reasons for leaving . 
  if you do n't believe so then you simply live in a bubble . 
  it certainly wo n't be as easy as it is now but i do n't imagine it will be hard in any way either . 
  if you want to move to a western country when you 're already in one chances are that if you can line up a job and do n't have a criminal record i imagine you can with relative ease . 
  i voted remain and think these unnecessary relative to public opinion . 
  if brexit was going to be overturned in some way i 'd only support it if it had a democratic mandate , which has minimal support in itself . 
  feel free to voice your opinions i guess but we 're just as european as we were prior to the 23rd of june . 
  this is why i believe it 's important to get your news from multiple sources and not strictly one . 
  every news organisation has inherent biases even if are charted not to such as the bbc . 
  too often in the uk you 'll get people that wholly rely on one source and this has a dramatic influence on people . 
  someone who reads the daily mail most certainly has different views then those that read the guardian and this is just one big perpetual confirmation bias because they present two different views on the same issue appealing to different demographics and political opinions . 
  i do n't regularly read the daily mail or the guardian my main source is the bbc but i think it 's healthy to occasionally get views that do n't confirm your own . 
  because of our media people often look at people that do n't share the same beliefs as then as hostile , almost militant . 
  look how labour supporters have demonised conservatives to the point of dehumanisation and vice versa . 
  this is not how to have healthy political debate in my opinion . 
  it boils down to tribalism . 
  i may disagree with someone but i try to look at it from their perspective . 
  there is no black and white right and wrong in politics even though that 's the view our media have created . 
  i know pilots do train in places like wales and the yorkshire dales though ; less people to complain about the sound of a supersonic jet that way . 
  foreign invasions from whom ? 
  the british again ? 
  it 's not 1812 criminals ? 
  fair enough ; if gun crime was so widespread in an area i lived in i may consider getting one for self defence government ? 
  you know the very government who made the constitution that enables you to own a gun ? 
  doubtful . 
  the us has way to many checks and balances for the federal government to suddenly turn tyrannical or something . 
  the constitution was made when the british could 've invaded ; many people lived on the frontier so required a gun to protect themselves and hunt and lastly because the government was new and the americans were still concerned about all that shit they just thought a war over like taxes and tea and therefore if there governmen tries to like tax tea or something they could 've done something about it . 
  the american founding fathers were n't gods ; they had no idea what the effects of what they wrote would have today nor can we presume they 'd still support it . 
  how people talk about the us constitution like the amendments ca n't be changed is ridiculous - laws should be constantly changing to adapt to society and i 'm not saying this is how you solve the gun situation in the us . 
  the us and uk although very similar are still very different and i like the uk 's gun laws but clearly they would n't work for the us . 
  strangely i know quite a few people that have joined the army . 
  recruitment will pick up again eventually due to the fact that unless you 're special forces you are n't going to be fighting anywhere in the foreseeable future . 
  they 'll always be able to recruit ; you just need to incentivise people to join and i wonder if the military is prepared to . 
  i think the largest demographic amongst calais migrants is afghani, 
  ah ; entirely possible i suppose . 
  the term civil war does have the implication of , well , war . 
  like half of europe did . 
  because china is huge and has been going through perpetual economic boom throughout my and probably your entire life . 
  the entirety of europe would be tempted by chinese capital . 
  the only western country i can think of that has recently refused it is australia . 
  the u.k. steel industry can not compete with international competition unless we enact safeguards for it such as tariffs or quotas on steel imports which is not worth it in my opinion ; we should n't prop up industries that are no longer competitive . 
  no they wo n't . 
  we 'll keep close with the us , the eu and the commonwealth like we have done since ww2 . 
  the brits in government do n't trust their russian and chinese counterparts . 
  believe it or not you can be a country on europe that is n't in the eu and not cosy up to russia lol . 
  yeah . 
  our foreign policy under cameron was hard to describe as realistic, 
  i think you 're wholly underestimating the stability of our country right now . 
  although the eu referendum affects us all we are far from civil war lol . 
  the u.k. is confident in its conventional forces and has never threatened the use of nuclear weapons . 
  the whole principle of the uk 's nuclear deterrent is that the nuclear warheads can be anywhere at anytime and therefore it 's very difficult to prevent the uk not being able to retaliate in the event of s nuclear war . 
  the u.k. spends nearly 10 billion more annually on its military in comparison to india and although it 's smaller ; it 's most certainly better equipped , better trained and more experienced then it 's indian counterparts so i do n't understand why you used india and china as examples of countries whom can rely on conventional arms with the implication that the uk can not . 
  furthermore mad does not exist wholly between the us and russia ; it 's a safe assumption that france the uk would be able to destroy each other ; particularly france as it 's the second largest country in europe and has more nuclear weapons then the british . 
  moreover , any nuclear war the uk participates in would inherently be mad because it 's only close nuclear adversary is russia and its part of nato so it would n't be the sole country attacking russia with nuclear weapons . 
  the cold war did n't solely involve russia and the us ; their allies were very much involved from beginning to end . 
  oh and every us president maintains that they 'd use nuclear weapons if attacked with them ; just like theresa may did and i imagine the americans are confident in their conventional forces , are you not ? 
  the whole point of nuclear weapons is that they make conventional weapons fairly redundant fast which i think you seem to have forgotten, 
  so has every british prime minister and american president since they both possessed nuclear weapons . 
  its called a deterrence ; people thinking that you 'd actually use it is its primary function . 
  but it works both ways . 
  the eu referendum is a terrible gage of support for scottish independence, 
  why would we activate a50 now ? 
  oh , and of course she says she 'd use nuclear weapons . 
  whats the point in having them if you say you wo n't use them . 
  that defeats the whole principle of mutually assured destruction . 
  good to know we have a pm with some pessimism . 
  expecting best case scenario in a revolution in multiple countries in the arab spring was certainly optimistic retrospectively and our country probably made some poor mistakes because of that . 
  no doubt western countries probably supplied rebel groups that turned out to be islamist furthermore libya is a prime example of a power vacuum . 
  which does n't mean 62 % would vote to leave the uk . 
  the majority of / r/europe might not like this but believe it or not the average scot cares more about and feels more strongly towards the uk then the eu . 
  yeah ; it 's entirety plausible that wikileaks is only a platform that facilitates western dissidence and those in russia do n't utilise it . 
  funnily enough i do n't think anyone in the russian government openly called for the assassination of litvinenko but they still blatantly killed him . 
  if bob beckel is your best chance at whataboutism i 'd say you 've failed . 
  which is proof of facilitation at best , which is why american intelligence do n't directly blame russia . 
  i only tried to play devils advocate on the above comment . 
  i never said this was my own opinion . 
  chelsea manning is one example, 
  and at the very top of the article it says that american intelligence do n't believe their is a direct link between wikileaks and the russian government, 
  i did n't say the west treats dissidence nicely but they treat them far better then gunning them down in the street or poisoning them like russia almost certainly does . 
  to play devils advocate ; wiki leaks functions on people leaking information , what if simply less or no people have leaked information to do with russia due to the brutal way in which it deals with dissidence . 
  yeah ; it 's pretty common knowledge amongst people who have knowledge of current affairs here because the unreliability of the a1 was national news because we were at war in afghanistan and iraq, 
  i agree wholly ; this should really be a global initiative . 
  it 's simply common sense . 
  the countries whom take advantage of this should be stopped and companies should be forced to pay tax on profits where it 's earned . 
  the crown dependencies and british overseas territory have long been taking advantage of this due to the british government only been responsible for their external affairs such as foreign relations . 
  if a global initiative is too much to ask . 
  it would be beneficial for the eu to crack down on ireland , luxembourg , belgium and the netherlands who exploit single market access with too good to refuse tax policies . 
  at least the apple-ireland case will bring attention to a prevalent and poison practice which is quite frankly the embodiment of selfishness . 
  i imagine this is common right ? 
  i think that 's optimistic . 
  i do n't see why she would change her approach now she 's pm honestly ; she was pretty adamant and passionate about those policies as home secretary and the fact that she tried to edit / censor a report because she disagreed with its conclusions on cannabis is worrying honestly . 
  i doubt this is a sizeable percentage of the workforce . 
  if you 're referring to zero hour contracts ; there useful for certain demographics such as students like me and companies who use them widely such as mcdonalds for example generally aim to employ people who are between 17 and 21 due to the lower minimum wage . 
  for their employees it 's just a temporary job for disposable income as not many 17 to 21 want a life long career working at mcdonald 's ... 
  fuck that . 
  the us government always expresses a blatant favouritism to american companies when it comes to corporate ethics and comes down hard on european ones . 
  given that london voted remain i do n't get how you got that parallel . 
  if there is an article including the uk in any form someone always tries to make a shitty joke about brexit . 
  i agree , that 's the most sensible approach .
