  i think you need to look up the definition of major before you continue arguing this . 
  that was not your point though , you said the eu was not a major power of nato which is most certainly is . 
  furthermore , eu and us interests do n't need to align ( even though they do ) its the vast majority of nato 's interests , even the us to stop the flow of refugees into europe . 
  i 'm not given going to refute this , i do n't need to . 
  nato is a defensive alliance , they could leave turkey to its own devices . 
  however , given the refugee crisis its safe to infer that turkey has a lot of leverage over the eu atm . 
  but is you do n't identify as jewish you simply are n't jewish . 
  i suppose separating them from the general prison population means that they can not inflict their ideology upon them, 
  i remember when i was like 14 i went through a period of like rebellion thinking my government and those of the entire west were corrupt and everything they did had some sort of evil ulterior motive , then i read rt / listened to there videos . 
  exactly . 
  the us has drastic influence in every eu country . 
  through one of the many other countries the us has drastic amounts of influence within . 
  to portray the uk as the only country the us in the eu can influence is simply a falsification . 
  [ eastern europe is the eastern part of the european continent . 
  there is no consensus as to the precise area it refers to , partly because the term has a wide range of geopolitical , geographical , cultural , and socioeconomic connotations . 
  there are `` almost as many definitions of eastern europe as there are scholars of the region '' . 
  a related united nations paper adds that `` every assessment of spatial identities is essentially a social and cultural construct '' . 
  one definition describes eastern europe as a cultural ( and econo-cultural ) entity : the region lying in europe with main characteristics consisting in byzantine , orthodox , and some turco-islamic influences . 
  another definition was created during the cold war and used more or less synonymously with the term eastern bloc . 
  a similar definition names the formerly communist european states outside the soviet union as eastern europe . 
  historians and social scientists increasingly view such definitions as outdated or relegating , but they are still heard in everyday speech and used for statistical purposes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe ) simply put , there is no clear definition of eastern europe . 
  it depends really . 
  its kind of an opinionated topic i suppose but i imagine most people in the uk would associate eastern europe with the warsaw pact and the from countries that made up the european sections of the soviet union . 
  when people use the terms northern , southern , eastern and western in seems more like a cultural distinction more then anything . 
  northern is scandinavia and finland / iceland western would be uk , ireland , france , belgium , netherlands perhaps germany ( not sure if i 'd call spain / portugal western or southern europe ) etc. 
  [ the part of the report most people will undoubtedly be interested in ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xwjcd ) its strange how no eu member ranks as a leader in troop deployment , but i suppose now the afghanistan war is over no countries really have long term deployment in troops . 
  i suppose now countries are deploying more troops / air assets in the baltic 's to quell fears of russian aggression and i believe france may have troops still deployed in mali and certainly in car and most overseas british troops will probably be in british bases such as in the falklands , cyprus etc, 
  you make the us being the biggest proponent of sanctions sound substantial , but its not given that us sanctions are symbolic and minimal . 
  i never said it was trying to push trade on the eu , i just said the us would largely benefit from the eu being less dependent on russian gas / oil , which is true , no ? 
  i not saying that the us has an ulterior motive with russians sanctions . 
  they simply have minimal to lose and things to gain with sanctions on russia and european states distancing themselves from russian gas / oil . 
  its no surprise a country such as germany , is more hesitant to maintain sanctions on russia then the us . 
  oh , and the eu very much wants to import us oil https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/07/08/could-a-trade-deal-lift-the-u-s-longstanding-ban-on-crude-oil-exports-europe-thinks-so/, 
  you 're arguing britain does n't have a strong foreign policy on the basis of not being part of the ceasefire negotiations alone ? 
  russia , belarus , ukraine , france and germany were part of minsk ii . 
  no us , no lithuania , no poland etc. 
  if fact , excluding the ceasefire , the uk has pushed for sanctions , is training ukrainian troops as well as giving the ukrainian military non-lethal equipment and maintains the possibility to arm the ukrainian military similarly to the us . 
  furthermore you 're using britain 's position on ukraine to determine its strength of foreign policy when ukraine has largely deteriorated into a side issue shadowed by the syrian civil war . 
  the uk has a very global foreign policy whereas countries like poland and lithuania 's principle fear will always be russia . 
  short of arming the ukrainians and going to war with russia , what could britain have done to strengthen its foreign policy regarding ukraine apart from being part of an agreement that has brought about a ceasefire and little more . 
  of course it was . 
  the us does n't have much trade comparatively to the eu with russia so the sanctions are largely symbolic , nor russia or the us will lose much from sanctions upon one another , as well as this the us might actually benefit from the sanctions as some european countries seek to distance themselves from dependence on russian gas / oil . 
  the taliban did rule afghanistan for 5 ~ years . 
  what is your definition of nationalism ? 
  they do n't have tow specifically as that is an american wire guided anti-tank missile but they have things such as the 9m14 malyutka which are very similar . 
  strangely historians often cite the reason hitler was so inclined to invade poland in 1939 rather then the 1940s when the german rearmament program would 've finished is because he perhaps feared he may have died early . 
  it was published in 2000, 
   to be honest the uk needs the eu to tell it what it can and ca n't do because otherwise it 'll do everything to make sure everyone has to walk around wrapped in bubble wrap with their own private spy to make sure they are `` productive to the economy '' . 
  lol, 
   emergency so they have access to emergency treatment but not other forms of healthcare ? 
  i 'm not saying hospitals in the us simply let people die , what i 'm saying is that the method the us use to pay for healthcare clearly flails in comparison to the cost of universal healthcare which proves more efficient and less costly . 
  33 million without healthcare coverage , highest spending on healthcare and some of the lowest scores in the developed world . 
  if that is n't an argument for universal healthcare i do n't know what is . 
  another words portugal wo n't tax pensions to incentivise them to come and spend their pension in portugal in the first place . 
  portugal would n't have this if it was n't beneficial , the tax revenue from pensions probably works out less then how much they spend in the country otherwise why would portugal introduce such s policy, 
   that 's what i see as the disadvantage . 
  as that strong effective government represents 1/5th of the population . 
   pr creates coalition governments which lead to concensus based policies , more pluralities represented and more groups protected . 
  for the uk however the two main political parties are labour and the conservatives , the nature of these parties means that they are made up from the entire spectrum of their respective political ` branch ' in labour you can get people from the centrist , center-left , left-wing and even further left which many people would label the current leader of the labour party has . 
  it means that on fundamental issues the two main parties often have internal disagreements and have to find a consensus , for example internally the leadership of the labour party favours nuclear disarmament however the majority of the party overall is in favour of keeping a nuclear deterrent . 
  furthermore fptp in theory should be more engaging for local communities as they directly vote in an mp to represent them at parliament , which should give those electorates a vehicle to make their opinions heard . 
   even small parties can have influence , which means you do n't have to vote for the biggest party to actually have a say . 
  lets say you have a pr parliament of two parties who have 45 % of the vote each and then another has 10 % of the vote , the party who has 10 % dictates the balance of parliament despite only 10 % of population voting for them , in my opinion this is not fair what so ever , the views of the 10 % now dictate the views of the 90 % . 
  fptf also deters extreme parties such as the now defunct bnp because you can not just convince the 3 % of people that share its bigoted views to vote for them , no , it has to convince a sizable amount of people from a particular constituency to vote for them . 
  i 'm not saying pr is n't effective , it clearly is for some countries , however i do n't think its a necessary change for us , fptp has its problems like pr does . 
  if anything , i 'd like a nationwide system like that of the french presidential elections where the two biggest in the initial vote go head to head against one another , i think this could work in each constituency for the uk . 
  i guess a clear advantage of fptp is that it creates strong effective governments , the political parties in the uk are very much internal coalitions . 
  for example the labour party appeals to not just centrists or left wing but people from the entire spectrum of left wing politics . 
  proportional representation is a good system for some countries however it can also lead to deadlocked parliaments with no clear majority and in its worst case scenario governments under pr simply do n't function such as the unstable weimar germany, 
   you can . 
  the issue is that the difference is fundamental , and that it differs from 27 other countries . 
  to present the eu as some sort of cohesive unit without the uk is a fallacy . 
  certainly . 
  i think the best argument cameron can give is that this is n't the definitive position of the uk within the eu and if the uk stays within the union with the negotiated reforms it can further reform the union as i do n't believe these terms alone will convince the majority of the british people that it is worth remaining in the eu . 
  fairly unsurprising i suppose , the danish and british governments certainly share mutual concerns about the eu . 
  26 more countries to convince . 
  do i have to reiterate what i have said ? 
  the sign clearly is n't malicious but the manner in which they portrayed races is unnecessarily stereotypical . 
  i 'm not demanding they change it or something or calling czech 's racist i simply think its a poor choice to display foreigners, 
  whenever i imagine italians chefs i think of gino d'acampo actually, 
  what ? 
  i never said it was malicious as that clearly is n't the intent , however the manner in which they portrayed different races is unnecessarily stereotypical, 
  depicting italians as cooks is no different then portraying africans as having massive lips ? 
  you do n't see anything negative here ? 
  why does it have to display different races in such an over dramatized and stereotypical manner ? 
  it would be like an nhs hospital displaying poles as drunk , religious plumbers, 
  i mean , i 'd be surprised seeing it in an nhs hospital . 
  i mean its generalising entire races upon racist stereotypes, 
  britain to foreign workers : if you no longer meet your tier 2 visa requirements please leave . 
  i 'm neither yet , just trying to be more informed you cretin, 
  but what is your basis for being a brexit supporter ? 
  i 'm asking you why you want to leave the eu, 
  what would you want for britain to remain in the eu if cameron 's deal is supposedly so feeble, 
  thats not us military expenditure in europe , thats us expenditure towards nato the organisation . 
   defence secretary ash carter is expected to unveil the 2017 budget at an event in the economic club of washington , a think tank , on tuesday ( 2 february ) , ahead of its official publication on 9 february . 
   ukraine diplomacy has done little to persuade us military on putin in the ` longer-term ' ( photo : g8 uk )  [ he 'll say spending on weapons and equipment in europe will , next year , increase from $ 789 million to $ 3.4 billion , the new york times reports , citing unnamed us officials . 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/foreign/132101 ) [ this is military expenditure across nato and you can see that most in europe are above 3.4 billion , especially when you take out the outliers of the baltics and luxembourg who have incredibly small populations [ together they do n't even have the population of london ] , furthermore the statistics are also fairly disingenuous given that relatively steep fall of the euro to the dollar between 2014 and 2015 ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_01/20160129_160128-pr-2016-11-eng.pdf#page=5 ), 
  3.4 billion is not more then most nato members, 
  in a world of long range missiles and incredibly fast deployment of troops they do n't necessarily need a large force in europe .
