  uk real estate has been seen as an investment for awhile . 
  a big problem in london as the rich invest in london real estate for an easy return it 's a bubble that shows no signs of bursting . 
  which is bad for the young that 'll never be able to afford them, 
  the uk is projected to become the most populous country in europe bar russia in the late 21th century, 
  interesting . 
  that 's in stark contrast to the uk ; the young are more liberal and voted to remain in the eu whereas the old are more conservative and voted to leave . 
  i guess frances president voting system gives them another ` layer ' against candidates like le pen but fn are polling higher then ukip ever were in the u.k. perhaps that 's because there has always been a eurosceptic wing of the conservatives and perhaps frances right do n't therefore the eurosceptics vote fn ? 
  a big leave argument is that britain ca n't dictate who can and ca n't immigrate from eu countries but pretty much everyone bar maybe the far right have agreed that current eu nationals should be able to stay . 
  you go realise that expat is a term for someone who lives outside their native country so it kind of makes sense when brits refer to their fellow nationals who live abroad as expats whereas any non-brits that live here are immigrants, 
  i 'm not arguing that the process she went through is n't at blame . 
  getting anything from the government is laborious these days . 
  the guardian however have dramatised something stupidly again . 
  she 's not being forced to leave nor will any other eu national . 
  she most likely got a copy paste response what all failed applicants get . 
  she does n't qualify under current arrangements and the government have made it clear that they intend to protect the rights of eu citizens in britain if the eu does the same with u.k. nationals . 
  another non-story by the guardian . 
  she 's not being forced to leave she simply did n't qualify for citizenship . 
  david low was frequently used in textbooks and i was able to cite him in a piece of a-level coursework for a primary source . 
  the coursework focused on picking primary sources to analyse their positive and negatives and what they are trying to portray etc, 
  i always explained that anti semitism was the norm in europe . 
  within that context it was a common held view not only within germany and russia but also in the right of many western european countries such as france and britain . 
  someone holding these views was normal yet what the nazis did was completely out of context they first targeted , dehumanised and then exterminated jews . 
  that is clearly horrendous . 
  secondly i 'm not saying it justifies what they did . 
  what i 'm saying within the context of their time they were norms . 
  it was a generalised view that european were superior to other races . 
  what makes us racial segregation set apart from others is that it systematic racism until the 1970s not practiced throughout the rest of the western world . 
  where does this idea pride come from ? 
  please i 'm curious . 
  context does n't take away from what the nazis did because even within the context of their time what they did was deplorable and hideous . 
  were brits transporting slaves across the atlantic or believing they were superior to indians deplorable in a modern context of course . 
  but when they did it that was the norm . 
  the british did n't hold some kind of sense of superiority ; every colonial european power did . 
  the british empire is hardly comparable to nazi germany . 
  context is important . 
  did the british empire do anything that other colonial powers at the time did n't do ? 
  because that 's what makes the nazis crimes so horrific ; because they dehumanised an entire racial group to the point of dehumanisation on a continent where jews were widely despised everyone was in agreement that that is simply horrific and deplorable what the nazis did . 
  the british empire committed crimes and atrocities sure . 
  but the british empire did n't do anything that was n't culturally or socially acceptable at the time and nor did it do anything that the french , spanish or dutch did n't do either . 
  you have to view things within the context of their time not ours . 
  winston churchill was a racist who if existed today would be incredibly backwards individual but people overlook that . 
  out of ignorance ? 
  because that was normal . 
  does it make it okay ? 
  but i 'm not going to criticise and condemn something that was the norm or i 'd also be condemning every individual who ever held racists views which nearly every european until the 20th century did . 
  it really is . 
  its a common trope that the british are nostalgic for its empire on this sub and it 's complete bollocks . 
  there is no line . 
  the autobahn is both a terrific feat of engineering and the nazis committed horrible atrocities . 
  one does n't make the other redundant . 
  canada , australia and new zealand are rich , prosperous and democratic nations but that still came at the expense of their native population . 
  again the statements are hardly resembling of nostalgia and the context of what most people associate with the empire is important . 
  they 'll learn basic history in school if they do n't pursue it at a higher level such as the romans , slave trade , world wars etc their other knowledge of the empire will come from pop culture and from their own knowledge . 
  for most people that will be the salve trade , australia , canada and such not the bengal famine or the opium wars . 
  understandably because most people do n't care enough to look into it . 
  being proud of something is not nostalgic . 
  if i 'm proud of britains role in ww2 am i also proud of the the bengal famine , bombing of dresden or munich agreement ? 
  no , of course not . 
  oh wow , a tory mp posted that picture how nostalgic and patriotic are those damn brits . 
  lol . 
  it was clearly a tongue in cheek comment . 
  people on this subreddit always post things that the eu would achieve as collective such as an olympic table , periodic table etc do i automatically assume they are euro federalists wanting a federal superstate ? 
  of course not . 
  being proud of something is not the same as nostalgic . 
  someone can be proud of the positives and still condemn the negatives of something . 
  i 'm proud of britains role in ww2 that hardly means i 'm proud of the munich agreement , bombing of dresden or the bengal famine does it ? 
  no we do n't . 
  there is no nostalgia what so ever . 
  the vast majority of people alive today do n't remember an 'em pire ' and if they do it involved small colonies such as bermuda and hong kong . 
  do i seriously think india remember the empire fondly ? 
  but last time i checked it was n't the only thing in the british empire and it did benefit from it ; more then negatively ? 
  doubtful . 
  but it 's railway system , legal system and having more english speakers then the uk itself are clearly beneficial . 
  pretty much everything the british empire did had positives and negatives . 
  the indian railways ? 
  built by essentially slaves . 
  new zealand ? 
  at the detriment of the natives . 
  nobody informed about the british empire are nostalgic for it . 
  in a modern context the empire is remembered by brits in a cultural sense which is shown by australia , canada , new zealand , us etc. 
  i can live in australia , a country at the other side of the world and have to adapt less culturally then i would living in france ; less then an hour away for some brits look at things objectively . 
  you 're accusing brits of some kind of nostalgic bias whereas you 're clearly have a bias which is frankly hypocritical . 
  he has other videos on empires reuniting in a modern context before people make some uninformed generalisation that this is some ` muh british empire stronk . 
  he has videos on other empires reuniting in a modern context but of course you would n't look into that before generalising the intentions of this one . 
  the british empire and other european colonial empires resulted in a lot of good and bad things . 
  you ca n't whitewash it and argue for one or the other . 
  people do n't remember the empire fondly because most do n't learn about it as much as other areas in history . 
  in fact out of everything every brit will learn in school the thing they learn the most about concerning the empire are the world wars and the slave trade with the latter hardly portraying a positive image . 
  a-level history looks at the empire subjectively as well looking at the slave trade , abolition , crimean war , boer war and the first world war for my modules . 
  any border is better then a trail from turkey to germany like it was previously . 
  his concern is warranted considering anybody could 've got into schengen including is terrorists like the paris attacks, 
  many double as work camps and death camps . 
  it was pretty common for the elderly and weak to be killed and the rest were used as forced labour . 
  even within the context of work and concentration by themselves ( many concentration camps later in the war were hardly such , people were essentially killed slowly by lack of food ) the purpose was every much to kill the inhabitants which is hardly comparable to the boer camps, 
  they did n't invent concentration camps . 
  they coined the term concentration camps . 
  the us used them in the spanish-american war , philippines and even in the us itself with the japanese interment camps . 
  he spanish used them in the cuban revolution . 
  hell , the british used them again in the malaysian emergency . 
  there just modern examples of usage .
