  which is why it wo n't happen . 
  but claiming there will be an uprising is ridiculous . 
  leaving the eu seems unlikely to say the least, 
   be a fucking uprising and we will be independent that way . 
  watching too much braveheart is bad for you . 
  i agree , i was just wondering, 
  do people see the word `` yank '' as derogatory ? 
  when australians and new zealanders call me a `` pom '' i do n't take offence , i just see it as slang for my nationality, 
  he was more concerned with getting soviet support against japan rather then what would happen with eastern european countries after the war . 
  churchill tried at the yalta conference where churchill asked for free elections in central and eastern europe , specifically poland . 
  however stalin wanted a uncontested influence over eastern and some central europe countries . 
  i suppose stalin won . 
  `` for the soviet government , the question of poland was one of honor '' - stalin, 
   when the us got involved and the conflict got global . 
  it was certainly a global war before the u.s got involved, 
  treatment of the poles was horrible and he suppressed the catholic minority to try and gain votes from a protestant majority . 
  i suppose purposely provoking wars for political gain would also be frowned upon today , russia is an example of that . 
  he was a great leader but morally he certainly was n't perfect . 
  however i imagine you can find a chink in the armour of most idolized famous leaders . 
  the uk should annex the entirety of the eu to protect the english speaking inhabitants , especially the scandinavians . 
  there english is amazing . 
  someone can be a good leader but still do things that are morally wrong , which bismark did . 
  although a lot of leaders people admire from the past did things that were immorally wrong today but not really thought of as negative back then . 
  for example churchill was n't perfect and made some very questionable decisions to say the least . 
  but that is all forgotten because of his role in both world wars . 
  he was a good politician , still an arsehole though . 
  i think they should strengthen cooperation similar to what the british and french military 's aim to do but an eu army is n't realistic . 
  do we need the us when it comes to defending europe ? 
  not really . 
  we have the more military personal and military budget from russia , its just working together will make that much more effective and would mean the us would n't have to have vast military bases in europe any more . 
  however i suppose their bases are not for a cold war defence of europe any more , more like a means of power projection around the world . 
  canada , australia , nz , us ... anywhere in the anglosphere really as we speak a common language and are very similar culturally . 
  i mean it is quite vague . 
  essentially any nuclear powered ship is capable of this right ? 
  `` a maritime force capable of sustained operation across the deep waters of open oceans '', 
  it depends how you define it i suppose . 
  people also argue that japan and india have blue water navies as it essentially means power projection across oceans . 
  the uk lacks a maritime patrol aircraft that does n't mean the royal navy can not deal with submarines . 
   they are blown out of the water by the us . 
  going back to my original , the biggest of something should n't set the standard . 
  the burj khalifa is the tallest building in the world it does n't mean every building below it are small . 
  the empire state building is still massive . 
  using the same logic with navies the us navy is huge but that should not be used as the standard of naval tonnage expected . 
  the uk and france rank 5th and 6th for tonnage so an engagement would still be large . 
  what suggests the uk could n't fight another navy or deal with submarines ? 
   there 's only one country capable of large-scale naval warfare , so its really not possible . 
  unless there 's an american civil war . 
  there are 5 blue-water navies us , uk , russia , france and china . 
   brown-water navy standing for a navy capable of defending its coastal zones , a green-water navy for a navy competent to operate in regional sea and finally a blue-water navy described as a navy with capability to operate across the deep waters . 
  it depends what you define as large really . 
  hypothetically a naval war between france and the uk would happen on a large scale as they have larger then average navies . 
  just because the us has the largest navy does n't mean that large scale naval warfare could n't happen without them . 
  at what point in history did ships stop looking like [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/z9uqe58 ) start looking like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ghujtj1.jpg ) ? 
  advances in weapons since ww2 have changed things dramatically . 
  but we have n't really seen this change to warfare demonstrated yet on a large scale between two countries with up-to-date weapons , thankfully . 
  i suppose the only modern example of naval warfare was the falklands war that i can think of and that was fairly limited and even then argentina 's flagship was an old american ww2 cruiser . 
  i 've got plenty, 
  i do n't as i was too young to comprehend what a gun was but i know it was horrendously unreliable . 
  really surprised that the g36 is unreliable . 
  i just do n't associate heckler & koch with unreliability since h&k improved the sa80 greatly it seems in terms of reliability . 
  interesting , got a graph of the uk ? 
  what happens if someone is born in a country their parents are visiting , do they get joint citizenship to both their `` birth '' country and their parents country of origin ? 
  they sold it for scrap, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  where ? 
  lol , you again . 
  the argentinian claim to the islands is terrible , they do n't actually care about the islands its just an issue for them to divert internal problems of their own government . 
  the falklands war was met with economic sanctions by western european countries and the us . 
  there economy is n't exactly in a good place so i doubt they would risk that . 
  no , it does not . 
  a strong garrison and a few ships / submarines would make an invasion very difficult . 
  but if the islands were lost the chances of recapturing them would be impossible without aircraft carriers, 
  this is a map of the falkland island owners http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/falklands.permanence.png the french owned it first , then the british and so on and so forth . 
   did n't thatcher pretty much order the construction of a rag-tag fleet out of old ferries and civilian ships back then though ? 
  they got a previous civilian ferry to carry troops and stopped the decommissioning of several ships . 
  i believe 3 ships were due to be decommissioned at the end of 1982 so it was good that the argentinians attacked sooner then later, 
   france has not sent troops there . 
  in fact , no western nation has . 
  why should we prioritise that rather than protecting our own citizens and interests ? 
  the us and uk have military advisor 's and trainers there , do n't think france does . 
  the falkland islands really do give the argentinian government a scapegoat for their own internal problems . 
  the military junta used it as such in 1982 . 
  it makes sense for the government to station more troops there because if argentina attacked the islands again and captured them . 
  the british government does n't have a navy capable of supporting a task force similar to 1982 until at least 2020 . 
  argentina leasing 12 long-range bombers from russia is disturbing whenever i hear the argentinians complaining about an island that blatantly is n't theirs to spur nationalistic fervour i always think of the song sabaton - back in control https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdxvedxphnu, 
  the countries listed on there really are n't surprising . 
  i bet several western countries trade arms with them . 
  does n't excuse it though . 
  countries only mention human rights abuses when it really is in their interest . 
  there is an easier to read graph in the article http://www.ecfr.eu/page/-/fuel_mix_of_member_states.png?v=1426599338184, 
  i can not fathom how somebody watches fox and believes the shit they produce . 
  they make the bbc look like the news channel from heaven and its ran by paedophiles . 
  the government were right to vote against bombing the syrian government , it lacked sufficient evidence . 
  furthermore in retrospect this would just leave isis with less opposition in syria and make them more powerful . 
  the syrian government is certainly the lesser of the two evils . 
  lol , k, 
  interesting amount of smokers in portugal , italy , slovakia and the netherlands . 
  despite those countries having cigarettes that are less expensive then the rep of ireland and the uk . 
  i suppose smoking is simply a social and cultural issue more then anything else, 
  main argument for the price of cigarettes is the levy placed on them can be used to treat people in the nhs , which may or may not be there because of smoking,
