  no doubt both sides will use it in negotiations though, 
  what were the problems with the famas ? 
  the sa80 was infamously unreliable during its a1 phrase but it seems much improved now the british military have the a2 which has better sights , more reliable etc so i imagine we 'll stick with it until the contract ends in the mid 2020s although people do still seem critical of the light machine gun variant as without seem belt fed it ca n't fire sustainability . 
  a number of western countries support the sdf and given that they want a democratic , federal and secular syria there are certainly shitter groups that i prefer not having a romanian tank, 
  switzerland is no longer an associate member of the eu research funding only a partial associate because of its limitations on some eu nationals . 
  the eu has long been making this shit political and will continue to do so when the uk leaves . 
  the u.k. was bound to fund galileo by the eu and its leaving the eu , if the eu plays hardball then of course we should use galileo as leverage . 
  you 'd want your country to continue funding eu projects when all indications point to the eu playing hardball on negotiations ? 
  fuck that . 
  if the eu wants the uk to do something out of good will i expect some in return, 
  you use a poor analogy when we 'll be able to use galileo if we fund it or not ; and galileo is simply one example of eu projects . 
  the u.k. is not obligated to fund anything eu related as soon as it leaves and if the eu wants to play hardball during the negotiations like many keep inferring i see no reason why our portion of galileo funding should n't be ceased, 
  we agreed to as part of a supranational organisation that binds us to fund such projects , a supranational organisation we are leaving . 
  if we continue funding any such projects it 'll be in good will which the eu seems hesitant to show us so why should we return the favour, 
  if we ca n't have access to the single market without uncontrolled immigration which the eu has made abundantly clear we ca n't , our funding of anything eu related should cease as soon as we leave ; like you 'd expect eu funding in the uk to cease . 
  france would be shooting itself on the foot , repeatedly if it stopped the agreement . 
  the counter argument to that is the principle reason that apple are located in ireland is because the eu ; therefore it 's detrimental to everyone else if ireland provide apple with essentially a tax heaven within the eu . 
  that assumes other countries do n't do what ireland have done , which they certainly such as the netherlands and belgium, 
  he did n't get re-elected in 2015 ; which is a shame , he 's competent which is rare in today 's labour party, 
  i thought tax avoidance was some elaborate legal loophole finders that resides in global cities like ny or london . 
  turns out all apple did was invent a fictitious company that paid taxes nowhere . 
  lol . 
  fuck apple and the fuck those in the irish government who facilitate this . 
  apples profits were gained eu wide , we all lose as a result of shit like this . 
  i 'm glad it 's hefty and i hope it 's upheld and used to deter others who offer similar deals to multinationals whichever country they 're in . 
  pretty much ; it just lowers their public perception really such as starbucks in the uk, 
  if this actually went through would the 13bn be worth it in the long term for the irish ? 
  or could it deter future business, 
  you do realise haulage and ferries firms get fined for each illegal immigrant that crosses , when many of the former are owned by the french government and many of the latter the french government have a vested interest in because they are trading goods from europe to the uk . 
  if france opened the border they 'd essentially be paying for every illegal immigrant they find be it directly or indirectly . 
  these people do n't work legally in the uk anyway , they 'll work shitty cash in hand jobs that no doubt pays shit wages . 
  this has long being established . 
  there not exactly going to plan the impossible . 
  it technically was n't though, 
  no , no it is n't . 
  i imagine troll, 
  that 's strange considering that as a proportion of gdp other european countries are much more reliant on their capital for income . 
  oh and i 'm a student, 
  it mean it could be due to public sector wages being frozen , furthermore most of the wealthy have their wealth in assets not wages , ( house prices ) not to mention that inflation has been low for awhile which means wage growth has n't been necessitated . 
  what a fucking parallel to draw . 
  i used to dismiss comments like this as naivety but it 's hard to believe there is actually a human typing such uninformed shit . 
  because y' know , economists are scratching their heads about the low wage growth but i think this fucking genius has figured it out - it 's because our country still allows a simple majority ( which is most people . . even if you or i disagree with them they still have a democratic mandate ) and not a super majority . 
  why would skin colour even matter ? 
  same reason the majority of scots do n't want independence , they kinda like this union thing we 've got going on to the dismay of / r/europe whom in the aftermath of brexit seemed to talk about scottish and ni independence with certainty . 
  our parliamentary democracy has always worked on a simple majority . 
  when will people learn your trolling ? 
  i 've got to admit though , it must be a trait of a good troll . 
  every country has inequality and always will , i hate titles that state the obvious . 
  nobody claimed that the eu referendum will end inequality because we were n't promised a fucking utopia . 
  that 's what shit about this whole situation . 
  you cant appease both so in attempting to do so they 'll leave both dissatisfied . 
  i do n't know why he 's been downvoted what he 's said so far was exactly was what the leave campaign said ; they disliked that the uk had no control over eu immigration and argued it was a national right to be able to control who comes in and out of the country . 
  ukips policy , which echoed many working class views was that we should only allow skilled immigration . 
  people were still fighting the romans over what and was n't the empire , no ? 
  spain has some territories in north africa which people try to get in all the time . 
  not to the extent that people are in italy and greece but it certainly happens . 
  once you 're in france trying to get into the uk , you 're no longer a refugee but an economic immigrant . 
  if they wanted refuge they would 've stayed in spain , italy or greece . 
  100 years ? 
  more like 2000, 
  the resolution exacerbated the already volatile relations and a civil war broke out . 
  it is interesting to consider what the current situation would be if both parties agreed to the resolution , however unlikely that seems . 
  the resolution had and has a massive influence . 
  the un still recognises it as ` relevant ' and palestinians still try to use it as proof of an international mandate for palestinian sovereignty . 
  the resolution is responsible for the current situation because the un could and should 've done more retrospectively . 
  i think the biggest criticism of resolution 181 is that it should 've been given a democratic mandate since the un like the lon tried to champion self determination . 
  although the arab position of no territorial division seemed stubborn to put it bluntly i think more could 've been done to create a situation that was more satisfactory to both sides . 
  i believe the un intentions were just , but 181 is responsible for the current situation which as an israeli i imagine you can agree that it could 've been improved ? 
  it does seem widely accepted that israel does possess nuclear weapons now, 
   i guess we 're even for you limeys supporting the arabs against us in 48 ' / s both the arabs and israelis were using ww2 era british equipment in 48 since many were former colonies / mandates despite the turbulent relationship britain had with many israelis who gained senior positions in the israeli government since many were part of jewish terrorist groups in british mandated palestine . 
  for those wondering btw , as i imagine the israeli who i am commenting to knows this . 
  palestine was a british mandate , mandates were effectively owned by the league of nations but member states , principally britain and france maintained them . 
  in short , when the lon ceased to exist after ww2 the un took over and is largely responsible for the current israeli-palestine situation . 
  i think regardless of what your position is on this issue , pretty much everyone agrees its far from ideal and its certainly one of the biggest blunders of the un since its foundation . 
  this has been in the works for awhile . 
  turkey does n't want the kurds to control the entirety of the turkish-syrian border so they 'll establish a buffer zone . 
  turkey is worried that the russo-western assault on is will indirectly strengthen the kurds so therefore if it can remove is and stop the kurds taking over , turkey kills two birds with one stone because they hamper the ability of is to commit cross border attacks and weaken the support that turkish based kurdish rebels can gain from syria . 
  i think total metals would be a lot representative in many ways of it had a point system for medals ; eg 5 for gold , 3 for sliver , 1 for bronze or something like that . 
  that just seems like something they should 've already been doing, 
  i do n't know why i had it in my head it was 97, 
  i imagine that 's it . 
  there was only four years between 9/11 and the goodfriday agreement so the security services probably retained many experienced workers in the troubles going into the current ` war on terror ' after 9/11 . 
  it does . 
  distance does n't mean shit . 
  nothing to worry eastern friends , remarks like these are why corbyn is never going to be pm and labour continue to fight amongst themselves . 
  / r/ukpolitics is much more representative of opinions then / r/unitedkingdom, 
  far left subreddit backs centre left politician challenging the conservatives is hardly headline news . 
  the bbc seemed attributed this rise to nice weather in july rather then brexit ... prices have stayed the same for those not buying in other currencies and british people tend to buy shit or go somewhere when middle aged men have an excuse to take their tops off and wear shorts . 
  yeah . 
  he 's the most senior olympic official in all of europe from what i understand . 
  hooligans were similarly organised in the uk and although it occasionally happens now , fervent fans would rather watch football then fight and get a lifetime ban i imagine . 
  have fun with that : , 
  it looks like all of them were n't banned . 
  unless the average russian football fans where clothes to distinguish themselves form normal fans and have a natural ability to fight in packs . 
  for every refugee settled in germany or sweden you can settle 10 in a country next to syria , and given that the uk has contributed more humanitarian aid to syria then any other european country by far i 'd say we had a rational and pragmatic approach to the crisis , as well as resettling 20,000 of the most desperate refugees in britain ( whereas most refugees that traveled to europe are the most able bodied ) . 
  but whatever helps you sleep at night, 
  we give travel bans to our hooligans , not openly promote it like many in russia did . 
  i would also classify the czech republic as central . 
  when i make the distinction between east and west in the context of communism it 's usually just separating the communist regimes from the capitalist democracies in europe since they are generally all eastern or western from east germany , the most westwardly communist nation . 
  thanks for the info .
