  the nationalist argument that they were political prisoners rather then criminals is strange to me . 
  they may have had different political views but they ultimately was n't arrested for believing northern ireland should be independent from the uk but because they committed a crime , being part of a paramilitary group should n't make you invulnerable from the punishment of committing a crime comparatively to other citizens . 
  ` paid for our security ' . 
  i really do n't like that analogy in regards to france and the u.k. who pull their weight militarily and possess there own nuclear weapons to deter a war with russia , you also make it seem almost selfless but america gains a lot from its prior investments into post war europe which is n't surprising given that it both world wars the us actually benefited economically while all the over major participants suffered . 
  so where are you from, 
  what do you mean whataboutism did you even read the prior comments, 
   but . . you ca n't make a joke on twitter or pass through heathrow with journalistic source material on gchq : yes , like the americans whom my analogy was about , are any better in that regard . 
  you have a different definition of overwhelmingly successful then most people , the eu is certainly functional but it desperately needs reforms . 
  a more longer term solution ? 
  close the eu 's internal border and set up an australian-like model . 
  all refugees should be only allowed refuge of they go to a refugee camp and apply there which is what the british are doing, 
  i do n't argue with retards, 
  i think he was a truck driver not an anarchist , he said he recognised how stupid it was and the french court let him off quite lightly, 
  it 's hard to really judge it from this perspective but if they was n't so outnumbered and had riot gear i imagine they would not be so lenient, 
  like what ? 
  these people were born in the uk you inept fuckwit , what do you suggest we do colonize a small part of africa and send them there . 
  a 17 year old brit was banned from entering the us on the basis of sending an angry e-mail to the white house , that does n't mean its applicable to us citizens does it . 
  i mean really , thats a really stupid analogy comparing people who can not enter a country to those who committed an offence within a country , as a general rule of thumb you hope people coming to your country will be generally nice people but you can not expect the same of everyone born in your country . 
   i can not believe that it is permitted to do this in the uk . 
  the fbi or the locals would be all over these fucks in my country . 
  yes , our police forces do n't mind if you recruit for is / s. 
  recruiting for is is illegal , they can not explicitly entice people to join is nor can they themselves be apart of is , all they can do is preach a form of islam that makes its followers more likely to join is . 
  but they both are hate preachers , if these people were anything more then let they would be in breech of some kind of law such as supporting a terrorist organisation . 
  the comment was in reference to this reply  i ca n't believe you guys let this shit go on in your country . 
  but , similarly with the wbc , the only way we could actually stop these people is if we fringed on free speech . 
  they 're like our westboro baptist church , the real problem starts when their hate speech evolves into other things such as terrorism which is exacerbated by them having a safe haven within a foreign war . 
  both countries benefit because of trade as well as this being committed within france , split in 50/50 as our economies are basically the same size, 
  its blocked to force people to watch it on channel 4 's website so its not that outlandish really . 
  nope , and i 've traveled quite extensively around the country, 
  i 'd say i 'm patriotic but definitely not nationalistic . 
  i 've never seen any home have a union jack or any other regional flag outside , i 've only ever seen that on government buildings and some businesses , likewise with bumper stickers really , the bumper stickers i probably see the most are ones for sports teams . 
  i also do n't think people mind americans being patriotic , but its when they are blindly nationalistic and jingoistic . 
  i think people often use patriotic in place of nationalistic in the us like they 're interchangeable sometimes . 
  in terms of the pledge of allegiance , i always think of this [ the whitest kids u ' know clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2bfqdupl1i ), 
  i agree that the eu and its previous iterations may have helped stabilize europe and increase friendly relations but that is a completely redundant argument for staying in it because the eu does n't prevent war anymore , you either have countries in europe aligned with nato , neutral or aligned with russia , the thing that has prevented war in europe is mad and has always been the biggest factor since ww2 . 
  it sounds like a great idea , and this time there would n't be a race for africa so it 'll be much quicker / s, 
  you can find polls that say both sides are winning , from the same pollsters who said no party would get a majority after the general election . 
  i do n't think you know what treason is in the uk but since half of them are about upsetting the line of succession and the other half is aiding a country in which we are at war with , its quite hard to commit at the moment i imagine . 
  the eu already has unequal members and it will continue to do so if the british leave or not . 
  britain is calling for two tiered europe , those who favour political integration and those who favour an advantageous economic position . 
  federalists are too idealistic if they believe britain is their only obstacle , in fact , britain is not opposed to political integration it just does n't want to be within it , along with plenty of eu members . 
  the eu continues to prove it is incompetent with every crisis it is faced with , it needs reform . 
  i 'm curious to see what you would demand of the eu to stay within the eu trucidator , you 're a eurospectic that has been on this sub for awhile and has opinions you can back up , what would you want to stay within the eu ? 
  because of course , europhiles will argue that the reforms are too excessive and the eurospectics will argue that they do n't go far enough . 
  pretty much , our power in europe was mainly through diplomacy and influence . 
  the only war we got in directly to maintain the balance of power was the crimean war . 
  well , regardless , every british soldier is also a nato soldier right ? 
  to use a historic example you could describe a british or french soldier in wwi as a soldier of the triple entente , right ? 
   in the latest common trainings between nato ( poles , uk , usa , canadians ) and ukrainians it was revealed that in many instances the former actually learned from ukrainians and their experience . 
  i 'd like a source for that claim , especially since the us and uk are training ukrainian personnel , i highly doubt that . 
  yeah , the british empire did n't want to get involved in european affairs unless it was personally threatened or the balance of power was disrupted , this is like basic 19th to 20th century history, 
  well i think i 've made up my mind / s, 
  because every country that is part of the eu is going great and every country that is n't in it is doing shitty right ? 
  it 's nationalistic to act on the electorates opinion and ask for reforms which will benefit the country ? 
  it 's almost like governments are elected to represent the electorates interests or something, 
  it was mainly due to the deterioration in relations caused by ukraine i imagine, 
  the inquiry started from 31 july 2014 , [ and considering its a 300 page report , i 'd say that 's pretty timely ] ( https://www.litvinenkoinquiry.org/files/litvinenko-inquiry-report-web-version.pdf ), 
  did you read what law he was arrested under ? 
  arresting is also very different to convicted, 
  they would n't have been arrested for being mean though , they would have been arrested under the pretext of a valid law like inciting violence . 
  you can say almost anything want in this country which reinforced by the fact that extreme islamic preachers can say everything short of recruiting for is . 
  we do n't have a problem with free speech in this country . 
  inciting violence is also a crime in the us , on the other hand maybe if your country was capable of amending 300 year old laws mass shootings would n't be the norm and yes , the manga carta , but more influential was the english bill of rights made in 17th century, 
  people on this thread seem to have a hard time recognising that you can recognise the good and the bad of something and weigh your opinion up appropriately , this is history , the british empire can be both good and bad depending of how it is portrayed and interpreted , people oversimplify history in such a way to make it bad vs good when it is never that simple as you could argue either of those in regards to the british empire and be correct . 
  the latter is probably more well known then the former given that the thing most people learn first about the british empire is the slave trade, 
  bill of rights , i wonder what that was based on, 
  if you are even remotely familiar with european history you 'll know that the british were certainly not interested in european territorial gains , they just backed the underdogs to reinforce s balance of power within the continent, 
  parliament will keep reigning supreme , some will be against and some for this . 
  those in favor could argue that since the mps are elected representatives of the country , that this is effective democracy , allowing elected individuals to make laws and amend them as they see fit . 
  others would argue that since we have a first past the post system which reinforces one-party leadership and a political culture that promotes unity and without their being a reasonable check on the common 's power with the exception of the the lords ' , we have an elective dictatorship . 
  however like with most things in the world , chances are its a bit of both right , is the commons incredibly powerful with no checks in place to stop it passing certain laws and such , yes , it is , but then again unless the electorate elected a government that promised to abolish voting , the chances are that since they are elected representatives they will be outvoted in the next general election anyway , and everything they pass can be changed . 
  its not perfect , but no form of government is . 
  most great powers have a favourable geographical position . 
  the us has no local threats and has abundant resources , russia is vast and therefore in historical wars could give up land to its enemies , over stretching them as well as vast resources , germany has vast resources , highly industrialised etc , britain is isolated and has had and still has to a certain extent vast resources . 
  the ` but britain got on unfair starting position on civ 5 ' bullshit just does n't stack up when you consider that most great powers now and previously have ` favourable ' geographical positions, 
  in the context of europe they are incredibly important , even within the world they are still a great power . 
  it seems pretty common for nato troops to train for arctic warfare in scandinavia , i believe the british armed forces train in norway for example . 
  i feel like the uk gets along with germany quite well . 
  i find historic anglo-german relations quite interesting from german unification to reunification . 
  from the formation of european alliances after 1879 , boer war , colonial rivalry , naval arms race , triple entente , wwi , interwar period , appeasement , ww2 etc. 
  you might think our countries would have a polarising relationship but it seems like people have always respected the germans to a certain extent , or maybe that feeling only came about during the cold war or after reunification . 
  yeah , at the end of the day the ira were targeting civilians in britain as well as soldiers , that 's why i imagine you 'll find it difficult to find people who are sympathetic towards the nationalists . 
  i do n't necessarily think equal governance was out of the question without the troubles , after all it did last 30 years and perhaps westminster would 've forced unionists to give catholics equal representation if people in the mainland was sympathetic . 
  the general opinion from my generation post troubles seems to be that the nationalists and the unionists were just as bad as each other and the government got dragged into a civil war but people view the ira more negatively , understandably . 
  they rightly intervened in suez crisis , we rightly did n't go into vietnam and they rightfully did n't attack argentina during the falklands , nobody expected them to and they were n't obliged to either, 
   scotland 's nationalists like the idea of divergence from the rest of the uk -- but not of the sort displayed by data showing the scottish economy growing just a quarter as fast as the uk as a whole . 
  third-quarter gross domestic product data on wednesday posed questions about the resilience of scotland 's economy and could have political and constitutional implications in the febrile aftermath of the 2014 independence referendum . 
   the scottish national party is on course to win a landslide victory in may 's holyrood parliamentary elections , despite the collapse in oil prices that has made a mockery of its pre-referendum fiscal forecasts and is causing increasing pain among companies supplying and serving the energy industry . 
  scottish onshore gdp grew just 0.1 per cent in the quarter from the previous three months , compared with the 0.4 per cent achieved by the uk as a whole , a divergence blamed in large part on the oil price fall . 
   brent crude fell again yesterday , adding to a near 19 per cent fall in prices over the first seven trading sessions of this year . 
  bp and other international oil companies have announced hundreds of job cuts in its north sea-related operations in and around the former energy boomtown of aberdeen , and analysts and businesspeople say the impact is spreading into the wider economy . 
   scotland had already underperformed in the second quarter of 2015 , with growth of 0.1 per cent trailing the 0.7 per cent recorded then for the uk . 
   `` quite clearly the scottish economy is diverging from the rest of the uk , '' said professor brian ashcroft of the university of strathclyde 's fraser of allander institute . 
  `` it 's largely driven by the low price of oil . '' the estimate of scottish gdp does not include offshore north sea activity , and if scotland 's geographic share of oil industry output was also included it would make the gap with overall uk performance wider still . 
  the reduction in north sea activity had been a double-edged sword for fast-growing edinburgh-based clothing brand ness , said managing director kenny baillie . 
   after years of trying to find a site , ness finally opened in aberdeen in october -- but sentiment was suffering in a city where residents are highly sensitive to the energy sector 's fortunes , he said . 
  `` they check the oil price every day [ when ] the alarm clock goes off , '' mr baillie said . 
  `` it 's perhaps a bit quieter than we 'd hoped . ''  expansion in construction , buoyed by public sector works such as a new bridge over the firth of forth , helped shore up scottish growth . 
  but services grew more slowly than in the uk as a whole and manufacturing contracted 0.1 per cent . 
  economist john mclaren of the university of glasgow 's business school said construction 's contribution would decline as large projects wound down .
