  that said , they do n't really need a large force in europe because realistically nato is n't threatened by anyone and it contains two other nuclear powers and a lot of nuclear sharing states, 
   i do n't recall saying it was exclusively an invasion . 
   you could also list '' the glorious revolution '' which technically was a dutch invasion of britain you said it was technically a dutch invasion of britain , which at the very least could be inferred as you saying that it was an invasion more so then an revolution . 
   how would it not ? 
  first , there was a long-standing rivalry between the english and dutch . 
  please remember that there 's a whole slew of insults and slurs in your language that refer to our nationality that come from the 17th century . 
  the notion that we invaded you was not a palatable one to english pride at the time ( quite apart from the fact that nobody likes being conquered by others ) in more recent times , there 's been a patriotic notion of england as separate from the continent and above its concerns , with a thousand years worth of english history without being conquered where us continentals have bloodied ourselves throughout the period . 
  the fact that this notion is wrong does n't seem to dampen the patriotic spirit much , but does factor into the insistence with which english people often force history to fit their national narrative . 
  long standing rivalry , since when ? 
  british and more specifically english nationalism focuses on the empire and the world wars , in neither of those are the dutch considered a main rival of britain . 
  if you asked the british public who were our historic rivals i 'd be surprised if many listed the dutch in their top 4 . 
  that would probably be reserved for france , spain , germany , russia etc we have slurs for most prominent countries in western europe , that hardly carries significance . 
  you argue nobody likes to be conquered but this was a monarch that was widely accepted and liked . 
  he made the english bill of rights and reinforced protestantism within england and stopping the revival of a catholic monarch . 
   the naval force that brought them over was the truly imposing part of it . 
  and i mean that in the sense that people of the time , not just dutch people , considered it imposing . 
  463 ships in a massive formation , a total of 40,000 men onboard ; twice the size of the spanish armada and assembled in a fraction of the time . 
  that 's why it was called the glorious crossing . 
  but the naval force itself served one purpose , to protect the army against the english navy , which never opposed it due to poor weather . 
   he was not . 
  the dutch army consisted of veteran professionals , while james 's forces were largely inexperienced and poorly organized , and william was well aware of this . 
  additionally , william had taken defensible locations ; negating any numerical advantage james may have had . 
  the 20,000 arms were a precaution , not a necessity . 
  the make it sound like the invasion was a foregone conclusion on the basis of the dutch force alone . 
  the dutch force was made up primarily of mercenaries which he had paid this force three months advanced wages . 
  he realized he could take up a defensive position because of the tentative support of james among the army and the populous , this was strengthened by defections in the english army to the dutch . 
  the motivating factor behind the glorious revolution was the already tentative support james had , not the dutch force . 
   few modern historians who ` se expertise lies in the period actually argue that the glorious revolution did not have aspects of both an invasion and a revolution . 
  but that was not your argument , it was that it was an invasion . 
  if you original argument that it was a revolution spurred on by an invasion i would n't have a problem with your argument , although it certainly bears more hallmarks of a revolution then an invasion as the glorious revolution does not fit the criteria for many definitions of invasion . 
   doing so would fly in the face of all evidence , and serves no purpose but to appeal to british nationalism . 
  how would it appeal to british nationalism , its not exactly like the glorious revolution was a second norman invasion as the monarch was preferable and not opposed and had a rightful claim . 
   the crossing was referred to as the glorious crossing because of the imposing force assembled ) the landing dutch force numbered 15,000 whereas the english army numbered 30,000 . 
  william brought 20,000 arms to equip his english supporters . 
  william was reliant on having popular support to successfully take the throne, 
  not a single person opposed him taking the throne , i 'd say thats popular support . 
  the idea that wilhelm iii was not as popular as james ii is baseless and stupid, 
   many historians do , in fact , agree that it was an invasion . 
  and many historians argue on the contary, 
  the definition of invasion  an unwelcome intrusion into another 's domain . 
  clearly william was welcome therefore you can not call it an invasion , it was a revolution as the name glorious revolution or bloodless revolution would suggest , not glorious invasion or bloodless invasion . 
  people are giving too much weight to polls especially considering what happened at the ge and how far the referendum is away , i 'd be surprised if there was a decisive favourite before the referendum . 
  an invasion often implies there is opposition . 
  but when the government pretty much invites you , the army defects and the public support of the previous ruler amounts to nothing , its a revolution . 
   but they were useless during both world wars i mean in the second they were n't . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mktw3_pmktc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opkmykgx7tq https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87xkr8z3leo, 
  it is a country . 
  just think of the uk as a country of countries, 
  [ a 2014 article by the guardian criticized the influence of pisa and oecd rankings signed by a bunch of academics if anyone is interested . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/may/06/oecd-pisa-tests-damaging-education-academics ), 
  university requirements in the uk easier ? 
  doubtful , just a large disparity between the working class and everyone else in terms of academic ability would be more probable . 
  higher education in the uk is easily assessable regardless of wealth . 
  i 'm out atm but if you want me to explain the systems later i can, 
  unsurprising considering the worst performing group in the uk in terms of education were white working class boys , although i doubt this is a problem original to the uk and i doubt we are far off from other countries considering we rank relatively well in terms of language , maths and science in the international tables being about mid teens and lower 20 's for all of them . 
  although i 'd like you 're opinion on the current situation in northern ireland if you do n't mind , what are the big issues and what are the political problems that perhaps people in britain are n't aware of . 
  at this point i think we 'll agree to disagree as its clear we can keep refuting each others points forever , thanks for the debate i suppose . 
  i 'm not opposed to zero hour contracts in principle . 
  some people i know that have them do n't mind it as their students , for some people it provides a flexible alternative to full time employment . 
   right , obviously the best way to help an oppressed people is to replace their oppressors . 
  they were welcomed as an alternative to the ruc , but the hopes of that were quickly dashed . 
  they were almost as bad . 
  i imagine they were worried about being shot , i would be too if i was oppressing people . 
  the british were n't fucking oppressing people and i 'd be amazed if you could prove that statement . 
   there is no need for the consent of the loyalists in this matter just as there was no need for the consent of the sa government to ending apartheid during the sunningdale agreement the majority of loyalists supported it . 
  it was derailed by a vocal minority who through violence , protest and striking made it very clear that if this went ahead this would not be an end to the troubles and its hypocritical of republicans to say anything about loyalist activities during the agreement given that the republicans boycotted the agreement and continued to pursue a united ireland despite the agreement potentially giving the roi substantial influence over the political infrastructure of ni . 
   the provos preferred to end the ceasefire as the negotiations were clearly not going anywhere . 
  the british did not care to move it along to the inevitable , reasonable end point . 
  an end to the treatment of catholics as second class citizens . 
  the british were happy with any result that ended in them not having to deal with it any more , while having to spend the least time on achieving it . 
  how were the negotiations not going anywhere when the sunningdale agreement was proposed less then a year later ? 
   the ira did not prolong the conflict , they forced it to end by making the cost of prevarication too high for the british to want to deal with . 
  they have numerous times to end the conflict as early as 1973 within favorable terms , maybe by the 1990 's they finally realized that a united ireland was a fallacy . 
  the prospect of united ireland undoubtedly influence the ira 's continuation of the conflict when the british government was willing to give the nationalists what they got in the good friday agreement in 1973 . 
   i do n't know what else to call a results that gets you almost everything and loses you nothing . 
  loses you nothing ? 
  northern ireland is one of the poorest areas of the uk mostly due to the actions of the opposing paramilitaries purposely prolonging the conflict for their own potential political gain which was little more then an ideological fantasy , to deny that a united ireland was not one of the principle goals of the ira was stupid . 
  both sides suffered immense human loss largely due to the ira 's inability to accept what was possible basically from the start of the conflict . 
  in fact , after the ira 's numerous failures to negotiate i really have no sympathy what so ever for them , because after that they were n't political warriors but terrorists hoping to bring about a united ireland by instilling fear into the british public . 
  what years did they serve , the british army in 2001 was vastly different from the british army in 2014, 
   they were happy to simply have the army suppress the catholic anger rather than solving the problems that caused it . 
  their initial excuse for deployment was protecting catholics , they did not make any real effort to do so . 
  despite my examples contrary to this , if the overall aim of the british was to suppress the catholics their approach would 've been very different and they also did make an effort to protect catholics but after 1972 every time they went into a catholic neighborhood they probably were more worried about being shot themselves rather then protecting them from loyalists , which is understandable really . 
   their attempts at `` solving '' the matter diplomatically were pathetic in so far as they accepted `` no '' from the loyalists mobs . 
  they were n't just mobs though , they were reinforced by the loyalist political parties and i imagine the majority of the loyalist community , there had to be a consensus and a mutual understanding otherwise the conflict would be prolonged . 
   a free united ireland has long been the republican ideal , it is the best solution to all of the problems of british interference in ireland . 
  the british did n't want to intervene , it was forced to . 
  they certainly could n't secede northern ireland to the roi as the troubles would simply continue but in reverse , the idea of a united ireland in relation to northern ireland was a completely unrealistic military objective and was probably one of the reasons the conflict was prolonged which is strengthened by the ira stopping a ceasefire in 1972 on the basis of they wanted to pursue a united ireland . 
   it is not what motivated the ira during the troubles , which was the defence of catholics against loyalist aggression . 
  perhaps that was there original motive , but i think you can hardly justify the entire ira campaign on the basis of protecting the catholic community , in fact by prolonging the conflict they probably brought more harm to the catholic community . 
  the majority of those the ira killed were the british forces , whereas the ones who killed the most catholic civilians were the loyalist paramilitaries whom the ira only killed around 50 of . 
  i 'd argue that the ira in the long term brought more harm then good to the catholic community by prolonging the conflict when there were opportunities for a political solution  all most all of what motivated the nationalists to fight was solved , in the end . 
  i call that a win . 
  we 've already been through this , one of their crucial aims , a united ireland was not met whereas all british aims were met in the troubles . 
  according to the who this map is inaccurate as shit, 
   the british were very much the aggressors , yes they were n't , i mean you could argue that the aggressors was the loyalist paramilitaries and mobs trying to quash the civil rights movement or the ira which inevitably turned the conflict into a civil war but i do n't think you can make a substantiated argument for the british being the aggressors . 
   the idea that the british were somehow impartial outsiders who only wanted peace is clearly a lie , they were too involved with the loyalists , collusion was widespread and their entire focus was on combating the nationalists who were angry enough to fight back . 
  i never said they were impartial throughout the troubles , i said they were at the beginning and yes , the british did want a peaceful solution and i have read nothing on the contrary , my previous comment states how numerous times the british tried to gain a diplomatic solution at no avail whereas many nationalists would portray an armed struggle was necessary to get the british to the negotiating table , i would argue that the negotiation was an option from the start but neither the loyalists nor the nationalists could ever find a consensus  the ira 's resurgence was a reaction to the escalating threat of loyalist mobs , it did not drive them . 
  of course it drove them , that was a motivating factor as well as a united ireland  it is clear that the outcome of the troubles was that essentially all of the catholic grievances were addressed and corrected . 
  that 's a win by any measure .
