   icm interviewed 3,007 respondents in three countries ; gb ( 1,000 ) , france ( 1,006 ) and germany ( 1,001 ) by telephone between ** 11th-21st july 2014 . 
  ** surveys were conducted across each country and the results have been weighted to the profile of each nation . 
  icm is a member of the british polling council and abides by its rules . 
  i am always hesitant in the validity of telephone survey 's . 
  not only will the vast majority of people hang up . 
  but i imagine a lot of people purposely give invalid information . 
  if someone is anonymous you have to doubt the validity of the poll . 
  i find it hilarious when news organisations use polled school children to try to press an issue . 
  i remember being polled , with the rest of my year anonymously . 
  some questions you ca n't expect a teenager to answer seriously such as questions on sexual active , unprotected sex or `` do you or have you ever considered bringing a weapon into school '' or something a long those lines . 
  i bet you that poll revealed that over 90 % of males were sexually active , having unprotected and bringing a weapon to school . 
  its actually hilarious that you got downvoted for that statement , wtf . 
  i kinda remember those . 
  meh , did n't do me any harm . 
  just sing hymns and pretend you 're praying i think . 
  but i agree no real need for them . 
  particularly when most secondary schools that are n't affiliated with a religion are secular . 
  we live in a strange world where bombing , arming their opponents and almost certainly having special forces on the ground already is n't considered war . 
  i wonder where the guns came from . 
  my two best guesses would be smuggled in through rotterdam or from the balkans . 
  in the context of the eu ? 
  probably nothing . 
  but in terms relations with european countries i imagine they will grow stronger . 
  it will be interesting what happens at the g20 . 
  when did iraq attack the us ? 
  this is n't even comparable . 
  its more comparable to afghanistan which most europeans do n't have a problem with that war in principle . 
  strong language . 
  i wonder if jingoism is strong in france at the moment . 
  my condolences to the french . 
  stay safe parisians . 
  given that france has a homicide rate of 1.3 per 100,000 inhabitants whereas mexico has a homicide rate of 23 per 100,000 inhabitants you are certainly more safer in france then mexico . 
  does mandatory conscription extend to the south east and areas where support for the pkk is at its strongest ? 
  if so i 'm surprised more turkish soldiers are n't killed from insider attacks by pkk sympathizers . 
  `` terrorist five a-side '' lol, 
  what kind of oil reserves does ireland have ? 
  i have no problem with the increase as long it 's temporary . 
  the oil off of the scottish coast is struggling with low oil prices and without the subsidies we could see a lot of job layoffs . 
  i 've seen some labour supporters be hypocritical with this issue when they called for the government to save the steel plant in the north of england which was n't profitable and thus 1,000 's of jobs were job but criticise the government for the subsidy increase, 
   if you blame wwi on austria you need to take a better look at the general situation pre 1914 you could directly blame germany , russia , austria and serbia and you can make a strong argument for either of them . 
  when germany said jump austria-hungary said how high . 
  2nd in the world but more importantly 5th by gni in terms of foreign aid . 
  one of only 5 countries to meet the un 's target of 0.7 % gni, 
  its hard for an austrian to blame somebody for the worlds problems given that a strong argument can be made that austria was responsible for ww1 ( which was the war that resulted in the middle east been split apart ) . 
  furthermore an austrian at the helm of germany which annexed austria ( not many were that opposed ) started the second . 
  you can make the vast majority of countries look `` bad '' in the world if you want to . 
  embassy 's function differently to everything else . 
  this is why the uk ca n't just walk into the ecuadorian embassy and arrest assange . 
  that would be an assault on ecuadorian diplomacy, 
  that is n't even remotely comparable . 
  its public information whereas what the us did and now what is emerging the germans did was taking private information from a senior representative of a state . 
  although i 'm not surprised , i doubt it would shock the british public if it emerged to tomorrow that mi6 were spying on the french , germans etc. 
  perhaps if it emerged we were spying on a country that is part of the five eyes it would be surprising . 
  in principle it 's the same . 
  you are getting information from a representative of a friendly country covertly, 
  it could definitely be used as a causa belli by russia to increase its military presence in syria, 
  putin makes it sound like the british government had intelligence prior to the terrorist attack but all we know is the british gov has intelligence to suggest that it was a bomb that brought the plane down, 
  we can bomb them from cyprus anyway, 
   ah yes , taking part in a university club 's initiation ten years before graduating university , seven years before even joining university , when you 're 12 . 
  a mistake  someone who had extremely close ties to the conservative party , a literal tory lord . 
  but now hates cameron  if this did happen , it most likely happened sometime between 1985 and 1988 , and i 'd assume they 'd have cameras to capture people 's initiations . 
  perhaps , but why has n't the footage been released ? 
   there are americans who are fat as shit , and healthy as shit , smart as shit , dumb as shit , fucking love guns , fucking hate guns . 
  every country has these , apart from the gun one probably, 
  i think i 'd be terrified if i was a new driver coming across this in swindon http://www.whereitis.co.uk/_media/magic-roundabout-a-masterpi_med.jpeg, 
   there is officially 600k of poles in uk . 
  nowhere as much philipinos , chinese or indians in uk perhaps because the uk was the only big eu country in 2004 to allow polish immigration . 
  of course there is n't as many philippines , chinese or indians many of them moved several generations ago and are now considered british , furthermore they did n't let them in all at once like they did with poland in 2004 . 
  immigration was gradual due to the uk been the only large western european country to accept polish immigration in 2004 many came whereas chinese , filipinos and indians immigrate globally . 
  you said that them immigrating does n't impact their country but of course it does, 
   point is that this is not that scale of immigration those people would not be a loss to the society of countries they emigrate from . 
  it is on a large scale `` any recent visitor to a hospital or care home in the uk or us will be able to answer this . 
  the philippines are the largest exporter of highly trained healthcare staff for the whole of the world . '', 
  source : http://www.worktheworld.co.uk/blog/disparity-healthcare-and-staff-migration-how-philippines-stuck-catch-22 http://imgur.com/tquytw2 source : https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=wrbauqntpxec&amp;pg=pa47&amp;lpg=pa47&amp;dq=philippines+lack+of+medical+staff&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=a-pldruwsv&amp;sig=up27inz6wdmcg_quhcblea61lyu&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ceuq6aewb2ovchmi-rho1-b5yaivq78uch0ozq0r#v=onepage&amp;q=philippines%20lack%20of%20medical%20staff&amp;f=false i 'm sorry to inform you , but mass exodus of professionals is impacting poorer countries all over the world not exclusively poland  for example the shopping discounts , hipermarkets ( tesco etc. ), 
  i can find one example of a uk company been weird with tax in poland and thats tesco hardly multiple which you made it sound like . 
  they were n't even avoiding tax , they overstated their profits by # 250 million which means they would 've paid more tax . 
   point is that this is not that scale of immigration those people would not be a loss to the society of countries they emigrate from . 
  it is on a large scale `` any recent visitor to a hospital or care home in the uk or us will be able to answer this . 
  the philippines are the largest exporter of highly trained healthcare staff for the whole of the world . '', 
  source : http://www.worktheworld.co.uk/blog/disparity-healthcare-and-staff-migration-how-philippines-stuck-catch-22 http://imgur.com/tquytw2 source : http://tinyurl.com/p9z65us i 'm sorry to inform you , but mass exodus of professionals is impacting poorer countries all over the world not exclusively poland  for example the shopping discounts , hipermarkets ( tesco etc. ), 
  i can find one example of a uk company been weird with tax in poland and thats tesco hardly multiple which you made it sound like . 
  they were n't even avoiding tax , they overstated their profits by # 250 million which means they would 've paid more tax . 
   but in fact accept it very much and those people were warmly welcomed in job market and quickly employed by `` hungry '' companies '' within the eu britain can not stop somebody moving from poland to the uk  if britain has immigration from all over the world ( it 's true , but not in a large scale ) why those people were so needed in uk 's economy ? 
  much of our immigration came from south east asia in the mid to late 20th century as more labour was needed after the second world war . 
  likewise many irish immigrated to the uk after ww2 for the same reason . 
  it is large scale as this map by the ons demonstrates : http://i.imgur.com/wqkswsr.jpg  do n't doubt fact that that type of workforce was needed and it is still needed for uk economy and budget ( those people contributed enormous money to uk though taxes ) . 
  polish immigration is usually welcome , especially professionals however my point is that if people would not immigrate from poland they would immigrate from other countries that are poorer comparatively to the uk such as india , pakistan , philippines , bangladesh etc. 
  by no means would the uk be dramatically worse off without polish immigration as it would be easy enough to get it from elsewhere whereas if poland was n't in the eu it would n't get funding and investment from it constantly . 
   if britain leave eu , please leave also your tax evading companies from europe . 
  that would also be fine . 
  which companies illegally avoid tax ? 
  please , do n't give me a link to a big company that pays taxes in luxembourg , thats common for all countries big and multinational companies . 
   also i heard some uk 's politicians who were complaining about immigration from poland , czechia and other countries ? 
  they complain about eu immigrants that they portray as moving to the uk for social benefits not about professionals /  seriously ? 
  that migration that boosted ( nearly doubled ) uk 's economic growth , boosted production and consumption were problem ? 
  are you seriously attributing the entire economic growth on immigration . 
  i imagine it has help but lets not pretend it was decisive , britain can get immigration from all over the world it is n't reliant on easter europeans , it just has to accept them . 
  i 'd imagine we 'd be fine without any eastern european immigration as we can get labour from all over the world from the philippines to india to pakistan etc  so if uk really want to deport them , do it now !, 
  we would like some workers in productive age working on our gdp nobody has even suggested deporting them that is sane . 
  even if the uk left the eu the will almost certainly be allowed to stay .
