  in principle there is nothing wrong with isp 's offering a filter to explicit content if people want it filtered out , like i stated the problem is that some isp 's have an opt out method rather then an opt in . 
  we are past the point of a tighter union . 
  i do n't think there is any other way to `` balance '' the uk . 
  if we created regional governments of 5 million people ( as thats the population of scotland ) that have an equal say in how the country is run or something , the exception would have to be london unless you split it into two zones . 
  possibly , the snp and conversatives gain votes on the others popularity . 
  which is a shame as i imagine it will eventually result in independence of scotland partially because many conversatives do n't give a shit if they leave . 
  i think we need more serious reform in terms of each country having a certain degree of fair autonomy . 
  i suppose the easiest comparison is the state government ( s ) and federal government of the us . 
  but the biggest challenge there is balancing the sheer population of england , i think the only answer to this is regional governments in england that have the same power of the other countries parliaments but i doubt this will happen . 
  i was n't sure i have n't changed isp 's since this was introduced . 
  uk politics is in a bad place at the moment . 
  when people either vote conversatives or labour they always vote on the basis of the lesser evil unless they are a staunch support of party y/x . 
  you have the snp that seem to be still aiming for independence but in a slow manner , for example when the snp blocked the fox hunting vote this is going to further strengthen the calls for an english parliament not because people are pissed they necessary blocked fox hunting but on the basis that they blocked a law that did n't even affect their country . 
  i hope labour and the lib dem 's can come back stronger in 2020 but i 'm sceptical . 
  i imagine the snp and conversatives will keep playing off each other to gain more popular just like they did during the general election . 
  jesus , that porn thing is so annoying to hear about so lets clear things up . 
  its not a law , the government was considering making it law but instead encouraged isp 's to introduce a filter , so the main ones did . 
  this filter is automatically on for new customers but for existing customers it is not ( therefore this has not affected the vast majority of people ) and all you simply have to do is phone your isp to get the filter turned off . 
  i do n't agree with it been opt out rather then opt in but people who are ill informed seem to think that we ca n't view porn or something anymore which is n't true . 
  i 'm not against all isp 's offering a filter to block out explicit content , what i am against is new customers having to opt out of the filter whereas it should be opt in . 
  edit : for virigin media , one of the uk 's biggest isp 's it is simply a tick box of yex/no for the filter . 
  you really are n't going to be arrested for doing this stuff unless the police search your house for something like drugs and find the ripped cd 's / movies so they 'll use them as more incriminating evidence i suppose . 
   or are you saying he 's not an opportunist ? 
  :p i think all politicians are opportunists and populists for the electorate they are trying to attract but that does n't mean they do n't have their own opinions about how the country should be run . 
  for example when the government abolished the death penalty i believe the vast majority wanted it to remain but in retrospect the government made a good decision despite the majority of the public disagreeing with them . 
  actually public support for the death penalty remained popular for over 50 % of the population until 2015 , so by your logic he would 've introduced it when he started his term in 2010 . http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-32061822, 
  conservative comparably to the us ? 
  our conservatives have more in common with the democrats rather then the republicans . 
  [ the us centre-left politicians are more comparable to our centre-right . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nf9npxq.png ) and are arguably more left leaning on some policies in comparison to the democrats such as opposing the death penalty source : http://www.thewire.com/politics/2013/08/how-conservative-would-uk-conservatives-be-us/67930/, 
   having a referendum on eu membership you have a problem with this ? 
  i do n't , let the people decide yes or no for once and for all . 
  we really are n't ... but i wo n't interrupt the circlejerk and i 'll just ignore how we are more liberal and socialist in comparison to the us as a society . 
  i have no problem with the government collecting information on individuals expected to harm the country in some way or another but i do n't think it is justified collecting data on mass , you assume everyone is guilty until proven innocent when it should be the other way around . 
  i also do n't think this is something relatively new . 
  i imagine the government did something similar during the troubles with suspected ira members and such but because of the threat of isis and previously al-qaeda they are doing it in britain on an unprecedented scale, 
   so why should this be a french problem alone . 
  the british government are helping but the authorities in calais are indecisive and there has been relatively little action from the french government  you want them to police your borders for britain ? 
  do i want the french police to police the french border ? 
  yes, 
  its not british territory you complete moron . 
  the french and british governments have an [ agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juxtaposed_controls ) that enable them to do border checks at ports before they get to each others country . 
  its still french sovereign territory and frances responsibility , the british government have given calais money and equipment such as fencing and is now making a safe zone for lorry 's to safely traverse . 
  trade is mutually beneficial and the lack of action by the french government is appalling, 
  i would prefer osbourne to theresa . 
  hes economically competent so i do n't mind . 
   cameron is actually very popular with middle england , and i could see him winning a third term were he to stand . 
  did n't he mention prior to the election that if he won he would n't stand for a 3rd term ? 
  edit : source http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-32022484, 
   then worked in an administrative role as a ship jumper in hong kong , before the kgb tried to recruit him as a spy but the lizard people got there first / s nice post, 
  how does visiting the french and german finance ministers separately mean he is part of the main ez negotiations ? 
  people are so misinformed about this filter and although i do n't agree with it been opt-out i feel that this is blown way out of proportion simply because people are n't well informed, 
  hes not even part of the negotiations . 
  if people actually would read articles instead of forming their own narrative and opinion on the basis of a headline . 
  both the uk and france offer very similar benefit systems http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-33268521, 
  i imagine the latter, 
  perhaps . 
  i just think looking back how unlucky the victims were , simply going about their day like any other just to be killed by religious fanatics . 
  to use a clich\u00e9 it could 've been anyone travelling on london 's transport system that day . 
  i doubt what they attacked or when they attacked was not of much concern to them , they probably just wanted to do the most amount of damage . 
   good luck to whatever country they move to you realise they do this every couple of years right ? 
   londonderry even saying londonderry could spur on a debate between republicans and loyalists, 
   lack of mass shootings  feels good man, 
   the decapitated head had arabic writing scrawled across it and was found on a fence next to an islamist flag , a french legal source said . 
  wtf, 
  its not like if britain left the eu it would suddenly become disconnected and leave nato, 
  shame , but i suppose he 'll be busy trying to prevent his country committing financial suicide, 
  are you sure i do n't see him on the list of panellists ? 
   david dimbleby presents topical debate from southampton . 
  the panel includes conservative energy secretary amber rudd mp , labour 's shadow health secretary andy burnham mp , deputy chairman of ukip suzanne evans , editor of the spectator fraser nelson , and the parish priest and guardian columnist giles fraser . 
  i have a question for you trucidator , if hypothetically the uk had to stay in the eu but in doing so would be able to change 5 things about the eu what would you change and in what order of priority ? 
  no but if he gets reform it gives him a stronger yes campaign, 
  why does n't greece decrease military spending ? 
  i mean , i 'd like every country to spend 2 %  but if i understand any nato member not committing to that its greece in its current position . 
  they already fine them and because of that i imagine drivers are hesitant to inform customers officers in britain if they suspect immigrants are travelling in their lorry . 
  as you can imagine this is largely counter-productive, 
  if you 're incapable of not knowing how the royal family generates revenue you are wasting my time . 
  they generate more revenue then it costs to maintain the monarchy, 
  what makes their property more ours then theirs ? 
  a monarchy is a head of state and our current one is widely liked as the royals keep politically neutral and act as a representative of the uk , i have no problems with them , they are widely entwined with our history and do the exact same role as a president would do . 
  in fact , the queen is essentially a president with reduced powers . 
  protecting the monarchy and their property is stupid ? 
  do n't be an annoying cunt to the queen 's guard , you look like an ignorant annoying tit doing it . 
  thats fucked up, 
  whenever there are protects there are anti-establishment anarchist retards, 
  napoleon was a monarch and an absolute one at that whereas britain was a parliamentary monarchy, 
  britain is predicted to have biggest population in europe excluding russia by 2060 , wow . 
  i mean , you had to accommodate for a baby boom somehow right, 
  the guardian really does twist things to fit its own narrative at times . 
  does the daily mail do it more ? 
  sure but the guardian does it in subtle and believable ways . 
  what they essentially said if sweden joins nato they 'll reposition troops and equipment not some threat of a military attack, 
  sochi was a corrupt catastrophe . 
  no doubt there is corruption in the russian military . 
  however russian soldiers are paid less then their western counterparts which means that they are able to spend more of their budget on equipment and stuff, 
  okay , nazi occupied poland, 
  i was n't talking about currently i meant during ww2, 
  i consider auschwitz a nazi death camp in poland but not polish which i think is the correct way to see it, 
  by doing so you assume all nazis were german which was not true furthermore not all germans were in favour of concentration camps and many did n't even know they existed, 
  but i never said you should call them polish i simply said that assuming all germans were nazis is unfair you are arguing over nothing here,
