  the argentine military is in no state to take on a modern frigate / submarine as well as a garrison with modern weapons - this is an open window for them ... but its still unfeasible if not impossible especially now they have a new president . 
  the militarily unfeasible ambitions ? 
  i doubt it , their economy has been fucked for as long as i can remember and the british military strategy focuses now around preventing argentina successfully invading the islands with a hefty garrison , a frigate and the prospect of a submarine of all which are substantially technologically superior to anything the argentinians possess . 
  for argentina to be able to retake the islands they 'll have to substantially modernise their military which would only be met with heavier defences by the british . 
  `` the threat of nuclear war has not gone away , if anything it 's increased '' sounds like she 's making the case for renewal of our nuclear weapons to me not manufacturing a war ... 
  but do n't mind me i took 5 seconds to read the original quote . 
  that was n't a major argument in the independence referendum, 
  no referendums are legally binding because parliament are absolute . 
  by far, 
  they would n't kill them nor does turkey have the death penalty, 
  i could n't infer who they were from the photo so i called them civilians, 
  its was a minority of the turkish military and from what i understand they were overrun by pro-erdogan civilians whom they were n't going to massacre . 
  you can hardly claim to stage a coup in the name of secularism and democracy only to shoot those who disagree with you . 
  the coup failed because those who were indifferent or supported the military obeyed the curfew whereas those in favour of erdogan disrupted the military . 
  from what i understand though , although the nazis didnt have a majority they were the biggest party similarly to erdogan 's party, 
  wtf . . for anyone that do n't want to click its someone in turkish military uniform with their throat cut supposedly by pro-erdogan islamists and the body is surrounded by civilians . 
  ww1 was an accumulation of european nationalism and you can have arguments that argument in favor of britain joining it such as the violation of belgium or the protection of the balance of power in europe . 
  assuming they have n't sided with the military, 
  well we are ... 
  if scots believe that the uk leaving the eu warrants seeking independence then the best of luck to them but just because they voted to remain in the eu does not necessarily mean they 'll vote to leave the uk, 
   so what , westminster delayed home rule and that led to open rebellion in ireland . 
  because a world war started ... lets not get into irish history . 
  scotland and ireland are hardly comparable in regards to independence . 
  furthermore a rebellion wo n't start in scotland nor is anyone suggesting it will . 
   brexit was clear . 
  england/wales out , scotland remain . 
  that was never voted on . 
  the question was n't `` do you want england/wales/scotland / northern ireland to leave the eu '' it was do you want the united kingdom to leave the uk which is a fundamental difference . 
  brexit never came with a guarantee of scottish independence nor does it give the snp the mandate to seek it . 
  brexit has a mandate , we are a united kingdom after all . . scottish independence does n't have a mandate until another independence referendum . 
  which is far from clear cut and almost certainly wo n't happen until we 've left the eu . 
  there is a fundamental difference between refusal and delay, 
  parliament probably wo n't give them a referendum during the negotiations because they would argue it would be unfair to vote while the uk 's future relationship with the eu remains uncertain ; therefore scotland should vote after brexit has been completed . 
   well scotland ca n't stay in the eu if it 's part of the uk . 
  it already is leaving with the rest of the uk because spain and probably the rest of the eu will block any negotiations with scotland if it is n't an independent country therefore they 'll have to have a referendum anyway . 
  i 'm saying that people voted to leave or remain in the eu not if they were gaining independence . 
  its almost like you 're assuming people that voted remain will instinctively vote to leave the uk and therefore the snp have a mandate to seek independence . 
  the uk government does have a mandate for brexit , although i disagree with it . 
  the snp do n't have a mandate for independence . 
  they are completely different issues . 
  i do n't think the eu referendum have given the snp a mandate to seek independence . 
  only another independence referendum does that . 
  scotland joining the eu after brexit is not so clear cut as people seem to believe on this subreddit . 
  scotland faces serious economic consequences if it leaves the uk , especially if it did n't have freedom of movement with ruk which seems probable . 
  to a certain extent the next scottish independence referendum will mirror the arguments of the eu referendum . 
  the british had an entire army tasked with defending west germany during the cold war , the british army of the rhine, 
  she could constitutionally trigger article 50 without a second thought about sturgeon but that is n't a good idea . 
  but it still ignited the powder keg therefore it was the causation of war regardless of how likely war was without it . 
  the most atrocious war ever prior to ww2 started because of an act of terrorism . 
  there is a dramatic difference between us vs them and wanting to put your country first . 
  shes making boris a stakeholder in the success of her government and giving a popular brexiter a strong cabinet position ... 
  i do n't like the guy but i can see why shes done it . 
  how is it undemocratic ? 
  a democratically elected head of government and mp , david cameron stood down to be replaced by another democratically elected mp . 
  do you fathom how a representative parliamentary functions ? 
  if may leads when most people feel like she does n't have a mandate to she 'll lose the next general election , although its more probable that she 'll call one to take advantage of the sorry state of labour either way shes democratically accountable . 
  she has n't made any controversial moves shes making her cabinet , usually what most pms do first elected or not . 
  sure , its not like i want to italians to be harmed or some shit but ultimately i want my country to get better ; do i want to harm other countries in the process ? 
  would i want all countries to improve alongside one another ? 
  yes . 
  countries are like people . 
  they care about themselves and their family and then their interests . 
  if i was out of work or was experiencing some kind of economic instability i want to help myself before i help someone else in a similar situation , no ? 
  sure , i hope my first cousin italy does n't implode financially but i do n't really have a hand to lend him at the moment . 
  people who keep saying pm who was n't elected are clearly out of touch with how our parliamentary democracy works trying to misconstrued her appointment or some shit . 
  i believe something like 2/5 of all our prime ministers were n't elected through a general election but simply look control of the majority party or parties in the last 100 years . 
  prime minister and general election are n't mutually exclusive in the uk because a pm still has one vote like every other mp and is still elected through a constituency they are simply the representative of the government . 
  ah i forgot self interest is a purely british attitude ... the delusion of some people when governments exist to act in the interest of its people not an entire continent . 
  but then again . 
  if i was using the euro i 'd be pretty wary about italy right now . 
  i imagine hes used to being downvoted at this point . 
  our government have made it pretty clear that eu nationals in the uk will be fine as long as uk nationals in the eu are fine ; i doubt negotiations will ever become so combative where people are suggesting that the uk or eu use people as bargaining chips . 
  i mean foreign secretary even taking away brexit and trade negotiations is still a senior position in our government . 
  i do n't know who the french foreign secretary is for example but thats probably a good thing because they probably are n't renown for the good work they do ( i imagine they were part of the climate change summit in paris for example ) because people are more renown for their fuck ups which no doubt will be plentiful under boris . 
  i agree with you on the latter point though ; he wanted to be leader and he wanted to leave and therefore shes made him a stakeholder in the success of her government, 
  do n't forgot he rugby tackled a 9 year old asian girl and got stuck on a zip line . 
  i do n't want you misconstruing the strong reputation of boris after all . 
  hes always been viewed as somewhat of a joke in the uk but due to the kindness of theresa may she has decided to make him foreign secretary so the whole world can share him . 
  how is this sad ? 
  forgive me for not caring in the short term about the italian banking crisis being a briton, 
  at least hes kept his wit when asked if he 'll apologise to obama he said that the united states will be at the front of the queue, 
  were n't italians fairly similar ? 
  i suppose he 's accent was meant to be taken in jest rather then actually trying . 
  kind of like asking an american to do a british accent and 99 % of the time they 'll do someone incredibly posh or a 19th century chimney sweep . 
  it happens everywhere i imagine . 
  i doubt our 3 % black population integrated instantly for example but i imagine they identify as british mainly . 
  i suppose ... that just seems like normal pace to me . 
  if anything hes speaking slower then he would do in casual conversation given that hes addressing a room of 600 + people . 
  pmqs \u00eds usually more lighthearted then the usual debate but especially so since its cameron 's last . 
  pmqs today was more of a farewell to cameron then anything . 
  i think he nailed the stereotypical american accent honestly . 
  pmq 's seemed quite lighthearted given the political situation in the uk , i suppose bringing a pm to account which has hours left in his position would do that though . 
  good pink bus banter too . 
  y' know without the genocide and civil war an all which i suppose is the difference between a country that would willing let apart of it gain independence and one that would not, 
  i think we 'll experience far less economic instability if we formulate a plan prior to article 50 rather then shouting yolo and doing it now without one . 
  it 's sane to start eu negotiations now while we lack the expertise or importantly a plan meanwhile it 's insane that we 're waiting to gain a stable government and opposition and formulate what relationship we want to establish with the eu ... 
  i do n't understand your logic . 
  you 'll be waiting even longer if may decides she wants a general election . 
  lol . 
  we have the second strongest military in nato,
