  an ironic comment from a belgian :d, 
  you 'd have to split england into regions to combat its sheer size in any federal system, 
  protestants and catholics killing one another is a european tradition, 
  which is abundantly reported on . 
  what you do n't hear about is uk or us warplanes killing scores of civilians on a near weekly basis . 
  my point is about russian conduct in syria in comparison to the west , not ethical arms trading which is well ; nonexistent . 
  in what way did i infer i have no remorse for killed serbians ? 
  i dismissed your example on the basis that it does n't shield russia from criticism . 
  it 's ironic that you are implying that i do n't care for some bombing victims while you are doing exactly that by deploying whataboutism in regards to russian actions in syria . 
  try harder . 
  so the scars of the serbian people are relevant but due to those we should ignore russia killing and scarring families in syria ? 
  nice logic lol . 
  you say i 'm a kid but you ca n't put forward an argument that is n't illogical . 
  because something that happened 17 years ago before the ` war on terror ' which has lasted longer then both world wars combined means russia is shielded from criticism ; right ? 
  if someone murders somebody does that give me the inherent right to do it as well ? 
  nope ; of course not you cretin . 
  germany killed civilians in ww2 ; therefore any criticism from germany is bullshit right ? 
  lol i can not make out sometimes if these are russian trolls or idiots . 
  which if your assumption is correct you 'd assume a lot more international independent organisations would be reporting on it , right ? 
  which they are n't to any extent that they are with russia but then again those same organisations are also dismissed in russia for being a vehicle for western influence so putin really does have his bases covered, 
  in regards to germany they obviously need to obey the law but that does n't undermine their innovative and legal nature in most countries . 
  there innovation mainly comes from their use of technology which local taxi firms simply ca n't employ to the same extent.b, 
  fuck them . 
  competition drives capitalism ; if they ca n't compete they need to adapt , change and innovate if they ca n't do that their businesses will inevitably fail . 
  it depends on who is to blame for the given event . 
  although a lot of people disagree with the leadership of turkey including myself , they are a valuable asset in nato which means the other members want to avert greco-turkish squabbles, 
  which assumes that the country that their parents came from would willingly accept them ; which is doubtful, 
  western air strikes do seem more cautious ; generally because the western public is more susceptible to global media whereas it seems russians will deny any non-domestic news as western propaganda . 
  ironic given how ` detached ' most popular russian news outlets are from global opinion . 
  this could also be attributed to russian air strikes attacking a lot more rebel groups then the west who only have a vested interest in attacking groups such as is . 
  however that 's no excuse for the substantial civilian casualties which should be minimal in the modern age of intelligence and precision bombing . 
  edit : the replies are also a prime example of russian whataboutism ; it 's almost like rt, 
  nothing the brits or americans could do about it . 
  i have respect for all allied nations . . 
  it 's certainly unarguable that without one of the big three of britain , us and the soviets that the war could 've been completely different . 
  kinda strange given trumps hostile stance towards china, 
  it 's only the steel not the subs themselves ; countries obviously are hesitant to allow another country to build their navy 's for obvious reasons, 
  i mean ; the military did express a lot of influence which probably would n't be considered democratic by 21st centrist standards but from what i understand it certainly was n't the least democratic country in central europe prior to ww2 and the eastern bloc, 
  wow you 're so bitter and clearly biased it 's amazing . 
  it was a total war the germans did n't hesitate to bomb london with zeplins nor would they have hesitated to try to cut off british shipping if they had the capability . 
  the us would 've gone to iraq alone does that make the uk immune from criticism ? 
  so me stealing your # 1 bottle of coke is the exact same as me stealing a # 60 million painting ? 
  that does n't get you far in terms of military equipment it 's probably just rnd, 
  how does this shit get up voted . 
  this happens in every rich western country ; this could have just well have been marseille or malmo . 
  some attacks are committed by racially motivated chav cunts and the rest that are n't racially motivated are committed by chav cunts, 
  no shit . 
  `` uk uses powers given to it to protect interests , shocker '' . 
  do you think the uk is alone on this regard ? 
  it is n't the financial centre of the eu it 's a world financial centre ... more dollars are cleared in london then new york . 
  the city benefits from single market no doubt but it is n't reliant on it or you 'd see a much more volatile financial sector in the uk . 
  british refusal to help ? 
  are you broken ? 
  we 've basically done everything we can do short of annexing calais and deploying our own police officers . 
  the french have been given more then enough help by us . 
  supermarkets do n't sell alcohol after a certain time right, 
  the uk does n't share a currency with any of them . 
  taiwan clearly is n't # 1 in comedy, 
  do you consider what you said humorous ? 
  wow people literally make everything about brexit on this sub . 
  oh and you do realise that airports check passports , right ?? 
  it 's pretty instrumental to international travel . 
  there 's a certain degree of irony to a pole telling a brit to go away is n't there, 
  not to mention the eu 's north-south divide which is further exacerbated by the euro . 
  lol, 
  it 's one of the fundamental problems the eu needs to overcome to be successful and prosper . 
  i just hope for the eu 's sake the euro wo n't be remembered as a ideological decision with little long term fiscal planning and foresight . 
  major element is not going through shithole areas . 
  i 've only seen these attacks happen in places i would n't personally walk alone in at night and i very much doubt tourists would go near then anyway . 
  there 's a saturated job market and stagnated wages due to freedom of movement . 
  it does n't matter if the government tried to inform them or not . 
  freedom of movement simply does n't benefit them to the same extent it does anyone else . 
  if i was in there situation i understand why they voted leave . 
  the biggest sticking point for these people is freedom of movement ; something that we could n't have stopped within the eu if you raise any other issue with them what the eu provides they 'll ask why cant the uk do that with the money it gives to the eu since it 's a net contributor . 
  free trade ? 
  also arguably bad for the working class as it decimated production and industrial sectors leaving some areas impoverished . 
  it 's understandable out of any socioeconomic group why they voted leave . 
  you must forgive me representative of the eu i do n't have a pen to write down your demands on an internet forum ... you do realise everyone here is talking hypotheticals ? 
  nobody knows what 's going to happen . 
  it 'll be political suicide for may if she continues paying into the eu budget as well as freedom of movement ; that 's simply not something she 'll try to negotiate . 
  try be realistic and look at what the red lines of both sides are . 
  the british do n't accept freedom of movement in its current form and the eu wo n't accept uk access to the angle market without it ; either both parties do n't compromise or they 'll get nowhere, 
  in what way did i imply it was the eu 's fault . 
  most people benefit from freedom of movement ; the working class do n't, 
  well some people are calling for freedom of movement and single market whereas others want no freedom of movement and no single market . 
  it 's all about compromise really and you ca n't really predict the outcome . 
  this assumes there is only one avenue for each vested party to approach ; there is n't , especially on the uk 's side since almost 50 % voted remain . 
  this assumes there wo n't be compromise when the whole point of negotiations is compromise which both sides will do ; big or small both sides will compromise . 
  so you just generalised the voting intentions of the 52 % . 
  sure they thought they were better off without the eu ; that does n't necessarily they said they need us more then we need them or the eu is going to collapse . 
  you think 48 % of the population that did vote remain loved the eu and everything it stands for in the same basis ? 
  no , hardly any in fact . 
  the prevailing consensus from me and many other people that voted remain is that the eu isnt perfect , it has problems and needs reform but we prefer the status quo and influence to uncertainty . 
  i disagree with people who do n't want freedom of movement but i understand why it accumulated into the referendum . 
  working class people felt marginalised by freedom of movement with the only party sharing their sentiment being ukip as the two major parties realised that they ca n't do anything while in the eu . 
  freedom of movement put the country in a position where it can either stay or leave as there was no room for compromise . 
  i wonder if may will try to push a compromise where people can still move to the uk from the eu as long as they have a job lined up or something . 
  may could sell that as a compromising and mutually beneficial i suppose but i doubt the eu would go for that and its just speculation . 
  you 're pretending the uk and eu have very different interests when it actuality they are very similar but both generally have different avenues which they hope to achieve them . 
  a lot of britain 's interest align with the eu and vice versa ; stop making this out to be an us vs them ; that was basically the entire referendum debate and its poisonous and unhelpful .
