  have you read the title ? 
  i ca n't believe what i 'm reading . 
  the entire ` war on terror ' started because of 9 / / 11 , [ which in your mind was the us 's fault ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2002/nov/24/theobserver ) perhaps we should n't have invaded afghanistan and simply said we are sorry for oppressing the religious fanatical terrorists / s, 
  but they never united into the german empire, 
  til austria , bohemia , ~ ~ netherlands ~ ~ and modern day belgium were part of the german empire / s, 
  quantify ; express or measure the quantity of . 
   the us has a lot of problems but our freedom of expression is fucking light years more `` progressive '' ( i hate using that word but it fits here ) than the rest of the world . 
   no not really . 
  yes , it kind of does . 
   because trying to quantify such a thing is incredibly stupid to start . 
  you ca n't quantify something ? 
  you tried to quantify this by claiming the the us is ;  the us has a lot of problems but our freedom of expression is fucking light years more `` progressive '' ( i hate using that word but it fits here ) than the rest of the world . 
   if you keep harassing me i will have you arrested for hate crimes !, 
  i do n't think its a legal offence to harass stupid people . 
  you are aware by saying the rest of the world you are implying that the us is first in freedom of speech right ? 
  not only that your source is complete bullshit , you know the one that puts it 4th . 
  i ca n't find a single index on anything associated with freedom of speech that puts the us first . 
  most seem to put the us outside of the top 10, 
   the us has a lot of problems but our freedom of expression is fucking light years more `` progressive '' ( i hate using that word but it fits here ) ** than the rest of the world . 
  4th is favourable at best and nevertheless disproves you, 
  your own source puts the us 4th, 
  you can look up various indexes and research that do n't substantiate your argument about the us and you 're clearly ill informed on the domestic laws of some european countries to argue unequivocally that the us is somehow the best . 
  find me one source of research that says the us is top for freedom of expression, 
  many areas of freedom of expression such as press freedom the us falls behind others countries , it 's hardly a beacon of freedom of expression in itself, 
  being arrested for criticising a politician is way more ducked up then this, 
  getting arrested for potentially inciting racial hatred is a lot less scarier then bring arrested for your political views, 
  we do have freedom of expression in the uk . 
  here 's an article on it https://www.liberty-human-rights.org.uk/human-rights/what-are-human-rights/human-rights-act/article-10-freedom-expression, 
  how this picture defines terror seems to be quite vague, 
  i imagine they count mass shootings https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uhersk%c3%bd_brod_shooting, 
   thats not really true . 
  as with any such `` organization '' they get the most approval and various `` fans '' only while they seem to be winning . 
  once they are defeated militarily the large majority of their supporters will melt away and disappear . 
  just like any such genocidal insane movement disappeared after they were defeated . 
  to a certain extent but once al-qaida no longer had a safe base for operations in afghanistan and it became clear they could be no military victory for them [ they still had supporters committing / attempting acts of terror in their name . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-qaeda_involvement_in_europe ), 
  this will be blocked for most of / r/europe and i have n't found another source that is n't blocked however there are obviously * ways * of getting around that interesting documentary is cells in belgium prior to and after the paris attacks, 
  the scariest thing about is is although they are losing ground to the reinvigorated assad regime , sunni / shia militias , the kurds and being constantly bombed by an international coalition they are still able to dedicate resources to training and getting european fighters in the eu to launch attacks . 
  even when they are militarily defeated 100 's of european is fighters / supports must 've returned to europe and it does n't seem like they have trouble getting a hold of heavy weapons and explosives . 
  the uk is obviously less prone to these attacks due to geographical barriers and it seems like our security services have successfully foiled potential bombings however none of these seemed to be on the level of a paris-style attack . 
  and you could find a 100 sources showing remorse and solidarity . 
  you have a prime example of confirmation bias, 
  or they left them alone because they were n't technically commuting s crime and the government only gave them attention after 911 and 77, 
  all i knew about his nationality was that he was born in ni that 's all, 
  is neeson irish or northern irish ? 
  i ca n't predict the future , but to say that view is derived in realism is stupidity . 
   i 'm a realist a person who tends to view or represent things as they really are . 
  perhaps , but the inquiry will probably have a more negative effect on labour more then the conversatives given they were in power, 
  no its not a non-issue , sorry for being making a comment ill-informed, 
   street trees are being removed because of austerity . 
  [ with an estimated two million trees -- four for every person -- sheffield holds a strong claim to be europe 's greenest city . 
  but the south yorkshire city 's tree-lined streets have become a battleground in an angry row that has pitted residents against council highways officials . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/environment/sheffield-residents-in-bitter-row-with-council-over-tree-felling-proposals-a6698471.html ) [ contractors are assessing 36,000 roadside trees on behalf of sheffield city council to decide which need to be felled as part of a # 2bn road improvement scheme . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/environment/sheffield-residents-in-bitter-row-with-council-over-tree-felling-proposals-a6698471.html ) this seems like a non-issue, 
  [ according to this london is more expensive than dublin , what i imagine is ireland 's most expensive city ] ( https://www.expatistan.com/cost-of-living/comparison/london/dublin ? ), 
  i mean it 's not rocket science . 
  ireland speaks english , is within the largest trading bloc and has low corporation taxes, 
  relatively hot weather and cheap alcohol basically means there are brits there, 
  most people that go to amsterdam from the uk that i 've seen just drive and use a ferry not easy jet , but the again i do live like an hour from hull, 
  i mean i would n't say smart when someone like trump is a leading republican candidate, 
  is unintentionally killing civilians the same as intentionally killing them ? 
  i 'm not very well informed on the saudi air strikes in yemen , i mean i know what the conflict is about but not if saudi arabia have being purposely targeting civilians or if they are collateral damage . 
   as much as i agree with the stance , this should be done by the eu , not us . 
  we would merely be bringing business to france , the uk and germany . 
  saudi arabia will just need to pick a new supplier of which there are enough . 
  then you 'd just have countries outside of the eu happily supplying saudi arabia , unless you get the un to ban arms exports to saudi arabia which wo n't happen , people will happily sell to them . 
   [ dutch arms exports have sky-rocketed over the past few years . 
  per head of the population , the netherlands is now in the top three of weapon exporting countries . 
  these conclusions can be drawn from new figures published by the swedish institute sipri , which has been monitoring the international arms trade since 1966 . 
  the world 's main arms exporting countries are the united states , russia , and china , with the netherlands in sixth place . 
  per head of the population , the netherlands is even in third place , with israel and sweden in first and second place . 
  the netherlands produces and exports a variety of weaponry including naval vessels and advanced military electronics . 
  over the last two decades , the netherlands has sold 730 million euros worth of surplus arms and material to the arab world . 
  in addition to egypt and bahrain , customers have included morocco , qatar , oman , jordan and the united arab emirates . 
  the merchandise has consisted of armoured personnel carriers ( apcs ) , navy frigates , f-16 fighter jets , anti-tank missiles , radar systems and self-propelled howitzers . 
  between 2001 and 2005 , dutch arms exports amounted to about 1.1 billion euros compared to 2.9 billion in the second half of the decade , an increase of 160 percent . 
  ] ( https://www.rnw.org/archive/explosive-increase-dutch-arms-exports ) although i think the article is a bit outdated but thats still the gist of what the dutch arms industry still export . 
  in the uk i imagine the principle messaging service is either sms or facebook . 
  most mobile phone plans offer unlimited sms and facebook is used for group events, 
  so , what is the economic problem in finland atm ? 
  how does this affect the gurkhas ? 
   taxes at that time were being shipped right back across to fill the coffers of a tyrant in a country where we had no representation , where he used our hard earned tax dollers to oppress his own subjects and start unjust wars overseas actually the principle reason britain wanted to tax the colonies more was because of their incredibly high national debt which was caused by the seven years war , a war the colonies greatly benefited from and partially instigated . 
  the average american paid 50 times less tax then the average briton but yet when it came to france and the natives threatening the colonies it was british troops financed by london who protected the colonies . 
  therefore its not surprising that once pontiac 's rebellion was put down by british troops london pushed to have a permanent garrison of 10,000 troops for the colonies own defence . 
  britain was certainly not democratic in the modern sense but in comparison to the vast majority of european countries our monarchs had limited , but moderate power and they rarely intervened in colonial matters until 1763 . 
  oh ` no taxation without representation ' is an overused buzzword , britain was 3000 miles away from the colonies so it was n't feasible and many of the colonial elite realised that if they had representation they would be taxed more substantially . 
  britain gave the colonies substantial autonomy however when they wanted to place taxes to pay for national debt from a war which the americans greatly benefited from and contribute , not pay entirely , for their own defence they resisted . 
  honestly the american war of independence is a war between two sides with reasonable intentions and motives to portray it as good vs bad just simply does n't add up . 
  does the downing of the malaysian airlines flight have a substantial impact on the referendum ? 
  for example do many dutch people see it as an opportunity to stick it to russia and strengthen ukraine ? 
  in an economical sense it 's a valid argument . 
  if the dutch stop its tax practices those businesses will simply look to ireland , luxembourg etc. 
  i think even belgium has some very favourable subsidies for multinational corporations , i would n't be surprised if the uk or another big eu member did as well for this to be effective the eu needs to pressure all european countries to stop such practices otherwise the dutch alone stopping it would just leave power vacuum to be filled, 
  i imagine immigration to ireland would go up but it would be a lot easier for eu immigration to saturate irish jobs considering it 's what , 1/10 the size of the u.k. 
  what do you mean the british are in the process of building two, 
   `` we move diplomatically , as we must . 
  we see no other way . 
  otherwise , it would be war . '', 
   i do n't think so , if you 're going for total war money is n't really important .
