  tourism and immigration are fundamentally different though . 
  brexit was primarily driven by the failure of westminister to address working class concerns about immigration . 
  people naturally welcome tourists because they come to spend money whereas the working classes were clearly weary of eu immigration . 
  that 's not happening, 
  ` bruh ' was being sarcastic, 
  how originally funny and relevant, 
  really ? 
  unlawful killings by police in the us happen quite often , a simple google will probably bring up multiple examples such as the one where they choked a guy who could n't breath, 
  first time i ever saw a gun was when i was young in london . 
  both reassuring and scary given that it was just a few months after 7/7, 
  very rarely and it 's usually followed up by an independent investigation which attributes blame and such, 
  i think our police similarly to the us are more likely to arrest ethnic minorities disproportionately to their size however this doesnt start a massive outcry because someone is n't been beaten or killed by the police in the uk every other week . 
  our police have a different policing style to the us that probably would n't work because of the 2nd amendment . 
  i mean , police in the us have to assume that someone could have a gun whereas it happens very rarely in the uk police are killed by guns . 
  there is always a decisive debate about if police should have guns and the answer is always overwhelmingly no by the public , police and government . 
  did n't he predict some unlikely shit in his book . 
  i fear that the next terrorist attack will happen in a place in which the police do n't have the capacity nor the equipment to deal with it . 
  i mean , if you 're a terrorist and you have more then half a brain cell why would you attack the most protected city in the country ? 
  the police would be the first line of defense in most major cities but i imagine the authorities would have to resort to special forces in other areas which although may be more trained , they would be slower . 
  all commissioners have that title , they 're seen as a countries eyes and ears in the commission however, 
  depends on if you 're pro unionist or independence i suppose, 
  true . 
  you ca n't discriminate against another national in the eu but a fellow countrymen is fine, 
  on mobile right now but i just wanted to address this . 
  a lot of people seem to talk about irish unification with some probability in the this subreddit as they 've interpreted brexit to mean ni is clearly different to england and therefore it should reunify with ireland but this completely ignores the demographics of ni . 
  i 'm oversimplifying here but this is the general situation . 
  the majority are protestants who are either indifferent or unionist whereas the minority are catholics who are either indifferent or want unification . 
  the divide between scottish unionists and nationalists is political whereas although the divide between the catholics and protestants in ni certainly has a political backdrop with discrimination , reunification , gfa etc this political difference is cemented in a religious / cultural divide which most people in northern ireland vote on the basis of . 
  ni is n't going to join ireland in the foreseeable future because there would be an inflammation of sectarian violence which could spur on a second troubles . 
  i imagine it 'll always be behind the uk average honestly . 
  decades of instability and the capacity for more is n't good for investment . 
  a distinct difference between groups such as is and now inactive terrorist separatist groups is that the separatists could n't afford to kill civilians to the same degree is does because public opinion was integral to them ( what 's the point in the ira fighting for independence for example if those who they want to be sympathetic to them think they 're murderous thugs for example ) . 
  is do n't have that ; in fact the opposite . 
  they want to further polarize society and the more people they kill the better because they 'll use it for propaganda purposes . 
  the ira / eta at least had an aim . 
  what is want is basically a war of xenophobia and religion . 
  they kill because to them the average joe on the street is just as much an enemy as a soldier . 
  when our parliament was voting on if we should bomb is in syria as well as iraq hilary benn made a good point which i 'll paraphrase which is essentially `` fascists are the natural enemies of socialists and is are the fascists of our time '' . 
  ( benn is part of the labour party which has a long history of socialism ) . 
  is are fascists . 
  instead of being nationalistic they are simply ultra religious . 
  it 's over 300 years ago since those in power were overthrown . 
  politically the uk has probably been one of the most stable european countries in that time period . 
  what other countries had revolts and revolutions for our country generally just waited parliament to gradually implement such as enlarging the voting franchise . 
  the tories do n't want to privatize the nhs . 
  well , some might but they ca n't . 
  the nhs is universally loved . 
  i 'd rather vote corbyn then see it disappear . 
  are you arguing that it 's much easier to stay in power in a democracy then other governmental types such as dictatorships because that seems like an outright lie, 
  i wonder if the us will continue to station nuclear weapons in turkey in the future, 
  this is n't been reported just in the pro brexit media so there must be some kind of source, 
  when was the last time the us invaded northern mexico ? 
  but this is far from an accepted view and the various sources i 've read are very critical of the view point especially since variations of british isles can be found in roman times . 
  it seems like once ` british ' began to refer to a nationality and not just a grouping of islands that 's when the controversy emerged not prior . 
  but the term was coined when people did n't consider themselves ` british ' therefore i find it hard to see it as imperialistic because if the intended terminology was in anyway imperialistic why would they go for british and not english ? 
  i know the term first emerged when john dee was alive but i ca n't find anything to contribute to him . 
  nevertheless although the term emerged when the english were undertaking various conquests in ireland the term itself was probably more politically neutral to them as i do n't think they would 've referred to themselves as british because the disdain between scotland and england would 've been quite high in the 16th century because the auld alliance - one of the cited reason for the english monarchs aiming to rule ireland instead of installing a friendly monarch was fears it would just eventually create another close proximity hostile kingdom like the scottish or french . 
  i just do n't see the term british isles as cemented in imperialistic for the reasons listed above . 
  i 'm indifferent to the issue like pretty much every other brit however i can see the irish perspective and if they want to use a different term that 's understandable - i doubt it 'll change in britain though, 
  it should be noted that there were 3 options ; british , northern irish or irish . 
  lots of people in scotland , wales and england will identity as their nationality before british regardless of their political views and i imagine it 's the same in ni, 
  i do n't understand how this relates to the terminology ? 
  most of the people that went to ireland from britain did so hundreds of years ago on plantations . 
  the protestants and catholics have equal right to preside in northern ireland . 
  northern ireland is not comparable to any of those you listed because the immigration was much more recent in the given areas . 
  the irish do n't like the term british isles because it gives the implication that the irish are british i 've seen some people claim that they were called the british isles for imperialistic reasons but this seems largely unsubstantiated because the time period they cited was before scotland and england became a union in 1707 or when we shared a common monarch so therefore why would they call them the british isles under the guise of imperialism when they did n't see themselves as british yet . 
  why is n't it a simple yes or no ? 
  your polling options suggest you are either decisively against or for . 
  `` no , i have reservations about the immediate economic viability of an independent scotland '' is very different from `` no , fuck the scots , absolutely not '' . 
  perhaps but without a cohesive opposition i doubt they 'll be pro eu mandate simply because the electorate that elect the conservatives probably voted leave and democracy is all about appeasing who is voting for you . 
  interesting . 
  it 's sad to see the bbc resort to a sensationalist headline when the metric it uses clearly can not solely determine the state of the u.k.economy, 
  there is since you get fined # 2000 if you transport an illegal immigrant . 
  therefore it makes no sense for the checks not to be in calais because french and british companies would just be paying fine after fine after a mutually beneficial treaty goes for political brownie points . 
  it would also exacerbate the calais camps and such . 
  the iraq war was simply an example and i think we 're largely in agreement here . 
  i do however think it should have a mechanism for offensive action, 
  i agree . 
  but any modern western country usually wo n't have popular consensus for offensive action unless the government convinced them it is necessary such as the iraq war . 
  if the eu as a whole can agree that it is useful to deploy troops for a reason be it either defensive or offensive ( perhaps with the exception of the neutral states for the latter ) then i think that 's sufficient . 
   my support is limited to defense as i would not want any one eu state to misapropriate the combined heft of the union to presage its narrow national interests on any non-eu neighbour . 
  i doubt that 'll be possible because i imagine its use would be determined by at least a majority consensus . 
  nuclear powered , no nuclear weapons . 
  your missing something crucial here . 
  the eu is n't looking at developing an eu military because it wants to peace keep . 
  its establishing an army because many of its members feel threatened by russia and the fallout from the syrian civil war . 
  a mere peacekeeping force would not be sufficient for either of those issues because the goal would either be defending an eu country from russia or trying to destroy isis either of which the un peacekeeping force - an established international peacekeeping force ; would not get involved in until the fighting has died down or not at all like in places like afghanistan . 
  an eu military wo n't work because contrary to what europhiles like to believe a union of 450 million people has very contrasting views which means it very difficult to envision how this hypothetical military would even function . 
  oh , i do n't think it 'll work i 'm just talking semantics . 
  the whole point of an eu army would be to enable to the eu to project power therefore it would probably include an expeditionary army . 
  around 25 right now in yorkshire . 
  it was much worse yesterday though , got to around 33, 
  if catholics committed a terrorist attack would you arrest the pope ? 
  just because he is the leader does n't mean he 's implicated . 
  those of whom that went to spain to fight were n't usually doing it for spain but their ideology . 
  i think the tories know labour is split on the issue and realise that they can exacerbate the divide further . 
  sure . 
  governments do that . 
  but you can hardly infer that from what may said . 
  shes simply supporting the renewal of our nuclear weapons .
