  ah , i thought of the dismissal of the australian parliament in 1975 as it required royal assent but i imagine there is simply an expectation that the queen signs like any legislative in the uk, 
  i thought the principle of english votes for english laws is that it will only be when those laws exclusively effect england or is it simply the laws will have a knock on effect on scotland , ni and wales ? 
  it just seems strange to me the idea that scottish mp can influence english laws whereas an english mp can not influence scottish laws , it seems broken and unfair in principle . 
  surely it would be fair if the powers devolved to scotland will also be given to individual representations of england , wales and northern ireland, 
  just a thought , can the queen call for an election or am i stupid, 
   snp / tory coalition would presumably be a death sentence there is a better chance of me winning the lottery then the snp going into coalition with the conservatives , they 'll go with labour, 
  i wonder if a labour-snp coalition or supply and confidence will alienate the english electorate as labour would be dependant on the snp to pass laws that affect england only . 
  maybe it 'll strengthen the push for an english parliament or simply only english mp 's voting on english laws . 
  can someone explain the opposition of the west lothian question ? 
  it seems common sense to me . 
  after the electron things are going to be interesting . 
   but in practice they have largely acted as a trojan horse working against a more united europe . 
  especially , of course , under their tories what have they opposed ? 
   the fact that the position of many in the uk is that they should stay precisely to prevent european federalization hits a nerve of mine , i must say . 
  i do n't think anybody sane is arguing that we should stay in the purely eu to prevent further integration . 
  when the question of leave or stay arises its about the best option for britain nobody else . 
   maybe a referendum might end up with a sensible result after all . 
  i want a referendum in the hope that more people become informed about the eu and the advantages and disadvantages . 
  if it does happen i hope we stay . 
  i think they 'll be lucky to get half a dozen seats , they have a decent amount of support but their supporters are spread thin which makes it hard for them to get constituencies, 
   and is rumoured to be in the lead in scotland maybe but the pm is either going to be cameron or miliband supported by the smaller parties . 
  none taken . 
  its just text leaves a lot open for interpretation . 
  i mean if you read the context of that  the british people are anxious to have you know that you are not seeing their country at its best . 
  there 's been a war on since 1939 - tile houses have n't been painted because factories are not making paint-they 're making planes . 
  the famous english gardens and parks are either unkept because there are no men to take care of them , or they are being used to grow needed vegetables . 
  british taxicabs look antique because britain makes tanks for herself and russia and has n't time to make new cars . 
  british trains are cold because power is needed for industry , not for heating . 
  there are no luxury dining cars on trains because total war effort has no place for such frills . 
  the trains are unwashed and grimy because men and women are needed for more important work than car-washing . 
  the british people are anxious for you to know that in normal times britain looks much prettier , cleaner , neater . 
  the reference to them surrendering is the battle of france not the fact that they did n't support poland . 
  this seems fairly true today  so if britons sit in trains or busses without striking up conversation with you , it does n't mean they are being haughty and unfriendly . 
  probably they are paying more attention to you than you think . 
  but they do n't speak to you because they do n't want to appear intrusive or rude . 
   it would have world 's 7th most powerful military ... 
  according to http://www.globalfirepower.com/ south korea is the 7th most largest military.furthermore considering an aircraft carrier is quite vulnerable without proper escorts and can be sunk with torpedoes i very much doubt that . 
  the eu alone in combination has a larger budget and more active servicemen then russia . 
  not only that but two eu members with nuclear weapons . 
  when you take into account that the eu alone outnumbers them and out funds them and put the us within the defence of the baltic 's then yeah , its pretty fucking stupid attacking the world 's most powerful military alliance with three nuclear-armed states . 
  who 've guessed, 
  i was n't trying to disprove you, 
  its used as a symbol to remember all who died in war during and after world war 1 , not exclusively ww1 in the uk . 
  we were leasing hong kong  hong kong 's territory was acquired from three separate treaties : the treaty of nanking in 1842 , the treaty of beijing in 1860 , and the convention for the extension of hong kong territory in 1898 , which gave the uk the control of hong kong island , kowloon ( area south of boundary street ) , and the new territories ( area north of boundary street and south of the shenzhen river , and outlying islands ) , respectively . 
  although hong kong island and kowloon had been ceded to the united kingdom in perpetuity , ** the control on the new territories was a 99-year lease . 
  ** the finite nature of the 99-year lease did not hinder hong kong 's development as the new territories were combined as a part of hong kong . 
  by 1997 , it was impractical to separate the three territories and only return the new territories . 
  in addition , with the scarcity of land and natural resources in hong kong island and kowloon , the new territories were being developed with large-scale infrastructures and other developments , with the break-even day lying well past 30 june 1997 . 
  thus , the status of the new territories after the expiry of the 99-year lease became important for hong kong 's economic development . 
   the sino-british joint declaration was signed by the prime ministers of the people 's republic of china and the united kingdom governments on 19 december 1984 in beijing . 
  the declaration entered into force with the exchange of instruments of ratification on 27 may 1985 and was registered by the people 's republic of china and united kingdom governments at the united nations on 12 june 1985 . 
  in the joint declaration , the people 's republic of china government stated that it had decided to resume the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong ( including hong kong island , kowloon , and the new territories ) with effect from 1 july 1997 and the united kingdom government declared that it would restore hong kong to the prc with effect from 1 july 1997 . 
  in the document , the people 's republic of china government also declared its basic policies regarding hong kong . 
  the only time we really hear about gibraltar or the falklands is when some spanish or argentinian politician wants to take attention away from domestic issues, 
  the level of stupid is high in this one, 
  so thats where argentina get the trait from, 
  but my britishness, 
  my apologises i misinterpreted what you said . 
   i do think many germans are against war in principle , and that is one of the differences between them and ukers . 
  elaborate, 
  interesting , thank you . 
  economic thinking in certain time periods is interesting . 
  i have a cousin in canada and have met several , yes . 
  can you summarise how he challenges that view . 
  after this the fall of mercantilism the uk has seemed to pursue even going to war in certain instances such as the opium wars, 
  1 ) language 2 ) monarchy 3 ) history 4 ) a relatively secular society despite religion being at the centre of both british and canadian governments 4 ) relatively free health care 5 ) more gun constraints then the us generally 6 ) heritage 7 ) similar on the politic spectrum 8 ) common law . 
  not that i feel their is a massive different between my identification with canadian culture rather then american culture , but their certainly is a different and much of it is rooted in the fact that canada and britain have being culturally similar since 1763 and was strengthened when loyalists from the american war of independence moving after and during the war to canada and other parts of the empire . 
  from what i remember loyalists were given sizeable land grants in canada after the war . 
  i was generalising countries . 
  i mean we could pick an area that is n't similar culturally to britain . 
  like quebec , quebec is vastly different from lets say london because i just picked a specific area that fits my narrative . 
  i mean i could say the uk has more in common with the china then the us and only take into account china town in london , no that is n't fair or board enough when discussing a country i 'm generalising the countries and from what i know , in general . 
  ** i can ** identify more with canadian culture then american culture . 
  i suppose the queen is quite important culturally as well right . 
  well , i do n't think both of our governments thought about the implications of both iraq and libya , we nearly did the same thing in syria . 
  a case can be made that says the afghanistan war was right , or a good decision . 
  but in the years following our governments underestimated the capabilities of the ousted taliban gave them time to rebuild and regroup because we were already entwined in iraq . 
  i think our governments lack foresight for what they get our military 's and thus our countrymen into . 
  they topple a dictator or a government and then are left with a country that is leaderless and weak but our governments did n't deal with these situations correctly . 
  there is a great documentary by pbs called `` losing iraq '' no doubt the decisions by incompetent , inexperienced people tasked with rebuilding a country cost the lives of both british and american soldiers . 
  we seem to be very good at toppling undesirable governments but lack foresight to decide what then . 
  this can be seen in both iraq still today and now libya . 
  our governments when they decided to destroy those governments did n't look at further implications for those countries and the region and that can now be seen in both libya , iraq and has spilled over into syria . 
  i 'm not against war as a principle , sometimes its warranted . 
  i 'm against a conflict without basis , foresight and analysis of implications which is exactly what the last decade and a halve has been about imo . 
  britain and canada been closely connected since the seven years ' war . 
  we share a language ( mostly ) , culture as well as a monarch . 
  canada have also always been there for britain in basically all its major wars britain has been a part of , even when it became a dominion . 
  they also seem more generally liberal then america despite them having a government with questionable climate change views . 
   i think the lack of a language barrier with america deceives people into thinking that there 's less of a cultural difference than there really is . 
  i see your point . 
  if i was in a hypothetical berlin where everyone suddenly spoke english what would feel more more foreign or different new york or berlin . 
  its interesting to think about regardless really . 
  i suppose it depends on what kind of american . 
  to generalise and put it into american political terms i suppose i could have a decent conversation with a democrat but probably not a republican . 
  i probably share similar world views to an average german then an average american but despite this because of the common language and similar culture i feel that i can identify with americans more . 
   european identity ' simply does not resonate with us . 
  if i was going to identify with countries or cultures i do n't really know where european will come in . 
  maybe england  uk  yorkshire  english speaking commonwealth ( canada , australia and nz )  us  ireland and then maybe continental europe . 
  its interesting to think about .
