  i 'm going to be at uni for the next few years however i feel sorry for those now trying to enter the job market in this sure to be turbulent time . 
  oh and their is a strong possibility that scotland will seek independence and how the fuck are we going to guarantee an open border with ireland which would either directly or by proxy require freedom of movement with the eu - probably the principle reason we voted leave . 
  we have no fucking clue what is going to happen - how the fuck did we lose a referendum which we had a 85 % chance to win , probably because remain could n't do anything about immigration and that was one of the biggest points for the leave campaign ultimately my facebook feed is full of people asking shitty questions like ` does that mean we ca n't play in the euros ' or ` does that mean i ca n't play on the eu servers on x game '' ... 
  these people do n't even comprehend what 's happening yet they can vote and although the vote leave are the minority in my age group they were certainly more impassioned . 
  i hope it is ultimately worth it but it 's hard to be optimistic . 
  are you saying that the eu and the u.k. wo n't have an agreement - whatever form that may take ? 
  fine but i actually like to think realistically - there will be an agreement between the eu and the u.k. we just dont know what form it 'll take . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  common sense was certainly a factor , but it lost and now we have to make the best with what we have, 
  him stepping down was inevitable if the referendum was lost - a good choice to resign in october while he attempts to stabilise the country as stepping down immediately would only add to the destabilisation . 
  i voted remain but the idea that the eu is going to try and punish the uk is complete bullshit - the eurozone is still fragile and the german car industry in particular is very influential . 
  it wo n't harm itself to harm the uk , it 's in the eus interest to work cooperatively with the u.k. 
  how could the scottish make a fair and balanced judgement on if they want to stay in the uk if the uks relationship with the eu remains unclear ? 
  i imagine that 's common sense, 
  i dot have any problem with scotland leaving if it wishes . 
  but in this economically and politically turbulent time i do n't want it to happen - i would at least want the uk to establish our new relationship with the eu first, 
  no he did n't . 
  i did n't want to leave and as a young voter i 'm bitter . 
  i 'm now genuinely worried about the stability of this country , principally the political fallout with london , scotland and northern ireland been for remain however i do n't expect a meteor shower when i wake up . 
  life goes on i suppose and now we need to work with the hand we been drawn . 
  an era of political and economic uncertainly undoubtedly will now rein over my life for the foreseeable future and will probably impact my ability to enter the job market once i finish my degree . 
  i 'm not fond of the eu but i feared the instability of a leave vote more then a decision from the eu which we would 've had a veto over . 
  edit : the snp have just basically started another independence campaign - david cameron potentially stepping down seems fairly minute in the wide scheme of things, 
  bbc officially predicting leave victory . 
  i 'm off to bed , my comments on this thread have been bitter and i 'm incredibly tired but life goes on - now we need to do the best with hand we 've been drawn . 
  a frequent analogy used by the leave is we fought the world wars to secure our independence - we fought for our independence just as much as we did the rest of europe, 
  i feel like i 've being dragged out of the eu by the baby boomer generation despite my generation , the younger voters , ultimately having to deal with the consequences while we are overwhelmingly in favour of eu membership - farage has practically just announced victory , fuck sake . 
  i 'm not fond of the eu , far from it but i 'd rather stay in it then risk the political and economic stability of my country for the foreseeable future . 
  pound just hit the lowest level since 2009, 
  i think we may have just voted to leave the eu - i ca n't see how remain can recover from the performance of leave so far . 
  time to apply for my citizenship to the new country of the united kingdom of greater london , scotland and catholic northern ireland . 
  fuck leave are exceeding expectations so far ... looks like it 's a long night for me, 
  bbc reporting he has being arrested, 
  what the ons publishes is public knowledge ... 
  it would probably be more controversial if they only had ni lit up and the roi looking like its still in the dark ages honestly . 
  yeah , up until the 1870 's the army still had a very similar mindset to the napoleonic era however due to the franco-prussian war ( cardwell reforms ) and the second boer war ( haldane reforms and esher report ) it went from the wellington era to a well trained professional army by 1914, 
  prior to the cardwell reforms in the 1870s service in the british army was 21 years and punishments were harsh for any disobedience so service in the army used to hardly be any better then prison . 
  i heard they just solved the israeli-palestine question, 
  suicide by police ? 
  it is incredibly unrealistic for a political union to be formed anytime soon . 
  there is no country in which such a motion could be passed in a national parliament - a ` united states of europe ' makes europhiles seem delusional to me . 
   why then did dodgy dave ask for a right to veto any internal eurozone decisions ? 
  because it wants to influence the ez , obviously . 
  britain like i said wants the ez to integrate to function better and stabilise but it does n't want it to integrate to a level which would make non-euro countries second rate eu members - at least i think thats a fair assumption of my governments policy on that issue . 
  the uk favours ez integration as long as it is n't expected to integrate alongside them - believe it or not its in the uk 's interest for the ez to be strong and prosperous as a crucial trading partner therefore it champions a banking union . 
  it does n't want a politically and monetarily united union of 19 countries of course , something that is unrealistic anyway as it wants the eu to remain a multi-currency union, 
  i suppose the airport is militarily strategic in the event of another falklands war given that they had to use ascension last time . 
  i 'm voting to remain - principally because i 'd rather stay with the devil i know , however i see the euro as one of the fundamental issues of the eu as it clearly disadvantages some and advantages others and the most obvious solution , more integration in the ez , looks unlikely in the near future . 
  clarkson has always been very pro-eu . 
  from what i understand at one point he favoured adopting the euro, 
  if our ever became monarchy was openly political i imagine we 'd be a republic in a decade . 
  in fact , i 'd argue that the non political nature of the monarchy is the sole reason the vast majority are either indifferent or monarchists . 
  our political establishment did n't want this referendum - cameron was forced into this position by the rise of ukip taking voters from the conversatives and to a certain extent the eu referendum can be viewed as the leadership contest for the conservative leadership with those on the losing side probably out of contention for leadership once cameron steps down , which i think he said he plans on going in 2018 or 2019, 
  an agent with at least 20 years of mental illness and far right sympathies . 
  the government were really playing the long ball with this referendum knowing they had this guy to swing the vote right . . 
  sometimes it 's hard to believe i 'm talking to a person on reddit because of outlandish shit like this, 
  i live in britain and i 've never encountered such people . 
  i 've met people who thought the country was better prior to the eu , sure , but thats far from longing for a colonial empire which largely died after the second world war, 
   uk is a has been country that still lives in the lala land of the empire days . 
  i only hear this argument from people who are n't informed about the debate or do n't live in the uk . 
  the only thing which gets brought up in the debate which could be remotely classed as 'em pire ' is leave argues that we 'll be able to establish independent relations with nations such as those in the commonwealth . 
  i was under the impression that once the edl died many of its members just switched to britain first, 
  different conflict . 
  hes referring to the annexation of the sudetenland in 1938 by germany as part of the munich agreement - it was the pinnacle of interwar appeasement but was also the end of such policies as was shown by the declaration of war when germany invaded poland . 
  are n't britain first basically the successor to the edl . . 
  so stupid racist bigots ? 
  the young are voting remain overall whereas the old are more inclined to vote leave . 
  i 've only met one young brit who openly admits their voting out, 
  how exactly would be even function ? 
  how would i know for example that the eu would deploy its military to protect the falklands if i presume countries will be able to veto such action . 
  the uk along with france have the most advanced and well funded military 's in the eu atm and barely any members of nato spend over 2 % anymore but somehow an eu army is feasible ? 
  - it would be a principally anglo-french military with less of an ability to answer directly to their governments and used by them . 
  i favour more cooperation , what the british and the french have already being doing however an eu army is just a ridiculously unfeasible idea . 
  globally would be the obvious us , canada , australia , nz etc whereas in europe it would probably be malta , france , denmark , portugal perhaps ireland ? 
  their one of the favourites along with germany and spain . . 
  it makes the government produced leaflet look impartial, 
  unfortunately . 
  what is misleading about the leaflet is that it says at the top ` official information about the referendum on 23 june 2016 '' furthermore they continue to sprout the # 350 million per week despite the statistics authority calling it [ bullshit ] ( https://www.statisticsauthority.gov.uk/news/uk-statistics-authority-statement-on-the-use-of-official-statistics-on-contributions-to-the-european-union/ ) . 
  yes , at the somme the british took more casualties however it could easily replace these in comparison to their german counterparts - the somme and verdun put tremendous strain on the germans and they were no longer able to replace their casualties like-for-like, 
  i agree with / r/andyrocks here , its fairly disingenuous to took at troops numbers as a means of determining the ` contribution ' of the respective powers late into the war . 
  for example the british took 190,000 prisoners and 3000 guns in comparison to the french whom took 140,000 prisoners and 2,000 guns during the hundred days offensive , the french were exhausted by the end of the war as they had done the majority of the fighting in 1914 , 1915 and to a lesser extent 1916 on the western front - the british however compensated for that . 
  that was the german strategy however the losses suffered at verdun and the somme did diminish the strength of the german army - whereas britain had just introduced conscription and would have increasingly more troops, 
  type 1 diabetics inject insulin - those of whom who inherited diabetes not those who ate too much, 
  clearly we 're so corrupt we 've hidden it with more corruption - we 're just on another level, 
  21/21 - the luxembourg question was simply a guess for me , similarly with the 500 euro note and i also had to make an educated guess about the eu parliament voter turnout but it 's a fairly safe assumption that it 's quite low so . . 
  looking out for those pesky russian ducks, 
  damn i thought people could only vote once in canada, 
  again your arguing history in right and wrongs which simply is n't right if you have ever studied history - an argument is measured by what it is substantiated on not demissed as right or wrong . 
  me saying poland was not betrayed is not wrong nor right , it depends on how i substantiate my argument . 
  britain was principally concerned about french power in the west - the french wanted the rhineland to be independent of berlin , this worried britain yes but the locarno treaties and the interwar period show that britain was not opposed to the reformation of germany 's eastern borders in principle as it wanted germany to be strong to curb the influence of communist russia . 
  appeasement was a mistake as it gave hitler the impetus to believe his invasion of poland would not be met with an anglo-french declaration of war however appeasement was allowed to happen due to germany yearning for expansion to unite all german people 's in places such as austria and the sudetenland . 
  the french and british should have never let germany rearm and instead should 've approach this diplomatically and given them the option to join germany which they almost certainly would - appeasement was facilitated by the mistakes of versailles which favoured punishing germany while ignoring the long term repercussions of such actions . 
  the plebiscite in upper silesia , the free city of danzig and the polish corridor were a compromise between the british and french . 
  france wanted it all given to poland to make it strong enough to deter germany whereas britain under lloyd george felt that if they were given to poland it would cause cause germany to seek an ally in the soviets to redraw its eastern border . . 
  i wonder what happened ... 
  appeasement was made possible by the mistakes at versailles - plebiscites should 've been held in places such as danzig , sudetenland and austria to join . 
  this would have stopped nationalism rising once again on germany that accumulated into ww2, 
  by the time the saar offensive began polish resistance was already crumbling and again , you 're ignoring the context of the time . 
  the defences in france may not have been the most favourable positions , however that 's what the military doctrine and training promoted at the time - it was this in combination with polish resistance largely stalling around when the limited saar offensive happened which meant their was no anglo-french offensive into germany . 
  the allies did n't expect poland to hold out for long and they did not , in their eyes it was best to take favourable defensive positions and stall the german advance into france , not warsaw - hindsight often blurs history as it seems obvious now that the british and french should 've attacked despite it completely ignoring the military context at the time .
