  nobody will blame the eu when it looks out for its interests that do n't align with the uk 's in negotiations just like people will expect the uk to look out for its interests . 
  its not a dog eat dog world . 
  the eu and wider europe have a vested interest in the success of one another as trading partners and common allies . 
  no it does n't . 
  the uk and the eu can get along just fine . 
  if what people are looking for is the uk to become some despot off of the western coast of europe to set an example then thats completely unrealistic ; like eurospectics who talk about the eu like it failing is inevitable . 
  in fact one of the reasons why brexit wo n't be as dramatised as this sub makes out is because people have a vested interest in both the uk and the eu prospering ; its not a case of either or . 
  its / r/europe and its going against the consensus . 
  its pretty much every other day that a negative article about the uk makes it to the top and has 100 + comments whereas things like this that go against the / r/europe narrative of dommsday isolationism and backwards bigotry . 
  i mean i voted remain , i probably still would but that does n't mean i want my country to crash and burn because it took a decision i did n't agree with . 
  i want the uk to flourish and prosper whatever decisive the majority take because ultimately every citizen is a stateholder in the success of their country . 
  i understood the negative emotions in the aftermath of the referendum ; i was dramatic and many pro eu people share a similar sentiment to unionists in regards to scottish independence ... `` go on , be independent , crash and burn . '', 
  but if scotland ever went independent as it shares a lot of parallels with the uk-eu relationship i 'd still want scotland to be a valued ally and a country we share a lot of historical and cultural similarities with . 
  first it was greece for the eurozone , then it was russia with ukraine , then it was germany with migrants and now its the uk with brexit . 
  / r/europe always has a country which it ridicules for a certain period of time till the next country does something to encourage it . 
  usually the sign of a drug dealer in the uk . 
  much harder to buy a house with cash without a clear source then a car . 
  that 's half of journalism . 
  it just depends on where your news source comes from . 
  when an article states something like ` according to a government official ' it has the weight of naysay but if it 's from somewhere like the bbc chances are its correct . 
  did you just infer that everything that is n't rural is london ? 
  horseshoe theory, 
  wikipedia is useful when you actually check the sources of the articles, 
  this reinforces my argument yet i was downvoted . 
  lol, 
  debating is someone does n't necessarily change their views but it allows the public to form an opinion on that argument, 
  very close does n't mean shit . 
  are bbc employees government employees yes or no ? 
  i ca n't find any evidence that the british supplied the semtex ; although i did find evidence that the ira tried to cohere an eyewitness to push their narrative which he later redacted . 
  if polls are everything to go by , nope . 
  it would be an easy way to crash the global economy i suppose . 
  imagine if bankers woke up one day to the eu crashing ; they 'd be a shitstorm of economic uncertainty . 
  you to, 
  i 'm no longer going to engage with you . 
  you points do n't stand up to reason and you 're clearly incapable from seeing others view points . 
  northern ireland was partitioned democratically . 
  there are germans in northern italy ; if they voted to rejoin austria fairly and democratically would you recognise it ? 
  those unionists have been there for hundreds of years . 
  my family is germanic in its origins do i have less right to be in this country then someone with celtic origins that have been here longer my kin ? 
  does a family with indians origins in the uk inherently have less right to be here then me ? 
  no , of course not . 
  that 's a dangerous and inherently sectarian mind set to have . 
  i agree wholly ; debate is n't divisive it 's necessary in a functioning society . 
  everything must be debated from social issues such as gay marriage , cannabis and things such as religion . 
  debate is instrumental in a democracy ; it allows the public at large to form opinions which therefore effect law makers . 
  you mean british streets ? 
  they were british soldiers patrolling british streets during a period in which fanatical paramilitaries were killing each other . 
  what government would n't send their army in ? 
  the bbc are n't government employees and i ca n't find anything about the british supplying them . 
  they had 64kg of sentex and planned to blow up british military personnel . 
  fuck them . 
  i do n't have sympathy for dead terrorists . 
  occupying ? 
  did you miss the gfa ? 
  the ira lost ; a united ireland will only come about with a democratic mandate not barbaric killing . 
  they were not occupiers ; they were sent to stop unionists and republicans killing each other to find themselves dragged into a civil war . 
  oh and before someone challenges me ; the british government were willing to compromise between both sides basically as soon as the troubles started in 1974 ( sunningdale ) . 
  it was the stubbornness of both sides time and time again which prolonged the civil war . 
  the british certainly were n't saints in the war but their overall motivations remained moral as they wanted peace and compromise between both sides . 
  fuck both the republican and unionist paramilitaries ; they prolonged the war for 3 decades despite a military victory for either of them being unlikely and compromise constantly been an avenue to approach . 
  debate is the best way to challenge views, 
  it 's strange is n't it . 
  what americans consider socialism european consider basic services that the government provides . 
  i mean the tories are n't exactly famed for their love of the nhs ; the current health secretary wrote a book on how he 'd like to dismantle it and replace it with an insurance based system but i have comfort in the public perception of the nhs to deter the tories from significantly changing how the nhs functions ; it would probably be the quickest way to lose a general election if they attempt to change the free nature of our nhs which is beloved by the public . 
  i would understand this if the brexit talks actually had substance and they vehemently disagreed with it but we do n't and probably wo n't until at least a year . 
  may ca n't wholly appease leave and remainers given its a 50/50 split you do n't want to alienate one side . 
  there has been little talk about when the british want to get the negotiations over with but surely they want it before the next general election where if the public is unhappy they 'd essentially have a veto by kicking out a conservative government ... 
  which is good right because we have a wholly competent and electable opposition which the average person will vote for / s, 
  30 mil for a prototype to further future military technology . 
  30 mil gets you no where in relation to military equipment . 
  i 've only met one person who admits to using a prostitute in the uk , it 's not seen as socially acceptable or moral largely . 
  so our funding of eu organisations should be considered a donation from now on or ... ? 
  does it seem outlandish to you that the uk is still looking out for its interest while still being a member of a union . 
  as long as we continue to fund the eu i do n't see why we ca n't have input . 
  if the eu does n't want us to have a voice fine ; but in that case why should they have the funding which comes from us being a member while we prepare to leave . 
  we 'll be leaving eventually anyway so this can happen if they want it to . 
  although it 's hard to be optimistic about an eu army given the eu 's track record of cooperation but best of luck to them i guess ; if the eu forms a capable army great ; the uk will be an ally and will benefit from countries actually taking defence seriously but there 's no need to try and rival nato when its done nothing but protect europe since its foundation and standardised many things about the western worlds militaries . 
  the eu is losing its biggest proponent of budget cuts , it 's second largest economy and now talks of an eu army although with minimal substance ; it seems like the eu is about to have a significant budget increase, 
  the snp were the bogeymen because most people predicted a hung parliament with a labour-snp coalition looking most likely . 
  believe it or not people do n't like the idea of a scottish nationalist party holding significant sway over a uk government . 
  before making outlandish statements actually look at uk-russian trade relations and how the uk has been the main proponent of sanctions . 
  the u.k. is not threatened by russian military power nor it 's ever feeble economic power if the uk or russia wants better relations it 's certainly not russia who all the cards . 
  if i want to move house i do n't do it the next day . 
  things need planning and it seems obscene to argue the contrary . 
  what people vote on and what they actually vote for are two different things, 
  but it was n't necessary cameron 's policies but the party 's . 
  parties follow their manifestos doing anything different such as the new conservative push for grammar schools is seen as in bad taste . 
  after all they were elected on the basis of their manifestos . 
  the manifesto is a party consensus regardless of leader . 
  that 's not our system works ; you elect an mp not vote for a general party . 
  the conservatives can make who they want leader as long as they won a seat in the general election - they were given a mandate to lead for 5 years in 2015 . 
  if i voted for a conservative mp in 2015 it would n't have been cameron but phillip davies mp for shipley even if what you say is true ; do you really think may would n't be elected when her opposition is jeremy corbyn ? 
  may would wipe the floor with him and win a larger majority but why would she do that . 
  if there is a general election corbyn may finally stand down which is against the conservatives interest . 
  you ca n't argue junker is a democratically elected president when he was voted in by a party and under the same breath criticise may for doing the same thing . 
  may 's route to pm is n't controversial or unusual in british politics and i only hear continentals arguing the contrary, 
  wow journalists took a small amount of a speech and made an article on it that sounds like an original journalistic tactic that has never been used before, 
  exactly, 
  i live in bradford , the city over from leeds and armley is universally regarded as a rough shithole which seems to be a pattern with where racially motivated attacks happen . 
  once an attack happens in a place like guiseley i 'll be surprised .
