  leaving the eu to some will enable them to stop future immigration not deport immigrants . 
   it has n't been publicly proved , but most british people believe it happened . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  most people will not doubt the validity of the information they are reading . 
  so even if that is true , it hardly strengthens the potential validity of the claim  supposedly a cabinet member has photographic evidence . 
  david graduated oxford in 1988 and would 've supposedly fucked a pig in what . . 1984 . 
  i doubt somebody has a photo of that , they were n't exactly somebody carried in their pocket back then but i 'd like a source for that claim . 
  i really doubt the validity of the claim , i mean it was literally made by somebody who hates him . 
  jesus fucking christ if you had to analysis the validity of the information from a critical stand point it literally is baseless hearsay . 
  edit : oxford not cambridge, 
  so whats your solution stop polish graduates leaving poland until they have worked x amount of years . 
  the only way you will stop them from leaving is increasing the standard of living and pay in poland . 
  even if poland was n't in the eu it would be easy enough for a professional to get a visa in a western european country . 
  not all the immigrants who leave eastern europe for the uk are professionals ( eg white-collar workers ) . 
  however the vast amount of investment by the eu in poland means that in the future polish professionals will no longer need to emigrate . 
  so it 's the uk 's fault that professional poles would prefer to live and work here ? 
  if i see a british nurse move to australia as it supposedly has higher pay i do n't blame australia, 
  that 's the most retarded statement i have ever seen on this subreddit, 
  david cameron supposedly fucked a pig as some kind of college entry ritual bullshit but it 's a pretty baseless claim by somebody who hates him, 
  i would agree with that, 
  what potential conflict have been stopped or have ceased to exist because the eu . 
  the biggest thing that has stopped war in europe is nuclear weapons and decline of nationalism not the european union . 
  you can attribute many things to the eu but peace is not one of them, 
  you could insert any poor region in europe and make the same argument, 
  it only boosted it by # 11 billion which means the uk is ahead of france regardless . 
  i think its because they release statistics three months after , for example they will release september unemployment rates in december . 
  unsure though , nor do i think ons `` should '' use the methodology of eurostat . 
  what do you mean cooperate ? 
  the ons data is public they simply use different methodology then eurostat . 
  unemployment figures by the ons put it at 5.5 % in september , same as previously recorded . 
  but i believe using eurostats methodology it would be substantially lower . 
  this is n't even close to the snowden revelations, 
  nope . 
  they said they will review where their headquarters is located but they do that every few years regardless of the political climate . 
   officers obtained an order from a judge that was served on the bbc and secunder kermani , who joined the flagship bbc2 news show early last year and has produced a series of reports on british-born jihadis . 
   kermani has built a reputation for making contact with western-born isis fighters  the development has caused alarm among bbc journalists . 
  the editor of newsnight , ian katz said : `` while we would not seek to obstruct any police investigation we are concerned that the use of the terrorism act to obtain communication between journalists and sources will make it very difficult for reporters to cover this issue of critical public interest . '' just adding a little context as people on this sub have a tendency to only read the headline of an article . 
  they were n't forced to attack . 
  they were forced to attack if they wanted to keep been expansionist , nationalistic and imperialistic in asia, 
  perhaps the government is , but i very much doubt the public is . 
  edit : public not . . yeah, 
  thank you, 
  source ? 
  nope, 
  did i deny the link between assad and isis ? 
  you need to convert that to pounds mate, 
   yeah and thats dumb aswell , refugees were on the way long before she just became a scapegoat thats it . 
  she was n't a scapegoat , she exacerbated the problem greatly and then when the influx was immense demanded the entire eu take their part . 
  the iraq war was the root cause but by no means was responsible for the refugee crisis now , that was poor management by the eu and particularly merkel . 
  would refugees still come to europe without the influence of merkel ? 
  sure , of course they would . 
  would they in the numbers they are now ? 
  i do n't believe so . 
  you are misconstruing the first point . 
  nobody blames merkel for the rise of isis and the syrian civil war but people blame her for the influx of refugees / immigrants . 
  i think the uk is partially responsible for isis , i do n't think the uk created the refugee crisis along with the us . 
  without the iraq war his legacy would be so different . 
  the political repercussions of the iraq war are huge domestically in the uk . 
  no they do n't . 
  they blame merkel for the influx of immigrants in europe , not the root cause of the rise of isis, 
  to deny the link between the iraq war and isis is simply stupid . 
  cyprus has a population of just over a million , it would definitely have a massive impact . 
  define what you think an asylum seeker is . 
  unless france is a war torn shit hole with mass genocide , bombings , lack of sanitation and general shittyness , they are n't asylum seekers . 
  we are talking hypothetically of course so we 're both guessing but i imagine if the refugees at the british base get accepted that will be seen as a easy way to get to the uk and tens of thousands start turning up which is no longer just a problem for the british but still put a substantial strain on cyprus , therefore its in the long term interest of both cyprus and the uk if these refugees get accepted or processed by cyprus and the uk is not even a consideration . 
  this has nothing to do with the people in calais . 
  we still have control of our borders and they do n't have documentation to get into the uk . 
  people are n't sympathetic to those in calais , they are economic migrants and nothing more . 
  i 'd rather we accept 50,000 refugees in un camps rather then the 5000 in calais out of principle . 
  in what regard are these immigrants legal ? 
  if the uk accepted those refugees cyprus would have a lot more problems . 
   because they were created as a direct result of britain refusing ** legal ** immigrants ... are you retarded ? 
  it is n't . 
  i would n't call it communist nor capitalist . 
  but if you put both on a spectrum they 'd certainly be sided towards the communist side . 
  numbers and statements can be interpreted in very different ways . 
  a great example of this is the bank of england report on eu membership coming out was claimed as support for both the stay and the leave group by themselves . 
  it just how they interpreted that information and how they selected it . 
  i mean the magma carter was n't really the foundation of democracy in england or something . 
  democracy happened gradually in the england and the rest of the u.k. for a thousand years right up until 1918 when women got the vote and they still had to wait a decade or so for all women to get the vote, 
   and the majority of deaths were due to illness thats basically every war prior to the 20th century , because who needs disease when you have machine guns , tanks , bombs and shit to worry about . 
  those sanctions are slowly been removed and they were sanctioned due to nuclear development not human rights, 
  that is n't true , however i 'd agree the sub reddit is becoming more right wing i do n't think they are a majority . 
  many probably identify as center, 
  that is outlandish . 
  link me one single instance of this happening, 
  maybe just extend the unannounced inspections to anyone who is n't outstanding as every other grade implies they can improve . 
  i think unannounced inspections should be for all schools . 
  the lessons are often meticulously planned comparatively to normal lessons which give a false idea of the schools performance . 
  the majority of us would 've seen it first hand . 
  it especially prevalent in the teachers who should n't have gone into teaching , you know the ones that are always miserable and generally try to make everyone else 's day shit , all my best teachers did n't need to change teaching when ofsted was at my school because they had faith in their teaching . 
  similarly in the uk there is a big disparity between state schools and its often described as a `` postcode lottery '' depending on education . 
  for example two schools within 2 kilometers of each other in my city vary drastically with one obtaining 48 % 5 a * - c grades for gcse in 2014 whereas another got 70 % . 
  the conservative government have took numerous measures to tackle this but i do n't know how effective it has been . 
  although one thing i think is obvious is unannounced ofsted ( education regulator and inspector ) inspections . 
  right now the schools are informed on what day they will be on etc so they can plan great lessons ahead when they are a lot worse usually . 
  if they wanted to go to a country with favorable tax laws , the uk would n't even be in the top 5 in europe . 
  a lot of millionaires do invest in real estate in london etc though . 
  intercepted just means they flew next to them as a show of force and shit . 
  that fucking sub , the saltyness after the election was astronomical,
