  it 's a matter of preference . 
  i prefer italian pizza and mainly what brits would call ` normal ' coffee but that does n't make them better , it 's just a preference . 
  which is still coffee , right ? 
  or am i missing something, 
  i mean both are great . 
  nothing wrong with a coffee and croissant - which are both ironically , quite popular in the uk at breakfast, 
  the tories are creating the environment for a centre-left political party to thrive . 
  labour under corbyn never will , he could have ` in theory ' the best possible policy substitutes to the tories but his reputation was irreversibly tarnished before he even took power . 
  i 'm beginning to hate the man , however irrational that may be , as not only an incompetent leader but someone who also leaves the tories relatively conformable in power without competent alternatives . 
  so many britons are in the position that they do n't want to vote tories or labour under corbyn but have no real alternatives . 
  the lib dems could have been that and out of any political party atm i 'd probably vote for them but their fixation on the eu and their calls for another referendum are wasted imo - i voted remain but that ship has sailed we ca n't have one foot in the door . 
  we either leave or stay and my country voted to leave . 
  would i be opposed to rejoining ? 
  but not within the foreseeable future . 
  there main motivation is to increase the security of the new # 1 not adhere to vending / parking machines, 
  exactly . 
  the government has demonstrated that its willing to incentivise businesses to weather the storm of brexit and see what happens when it 's over . 
  the government knows bracing the storm will be much easier with big multinational businesses like nissan and bmw remaining . 
  by making his kind of statement that 's what bmw wants . 
  it looks bad if businesses leave and therefore when bmw voice their qualms people expect the government to step in and cohere bmw to stay , usually through incentives . 
  with all the pressure he 's under atm one ca n't help but think this is very domestically politically motivated, 
  does the eu only trade amongst its members or am i missing something ? 
  have you ever seen the shambles in york ? 
  it 's what they used for diagon alley in the films, 
  york, 
  yeah . 
  a common chant what every other college uses against derwent is mocking them for their asbestos , despite the fact that the block i live in ( vanbrugh ) is riddled with it . 
  i mean it 's safe but asbestos nevertheless, 
  at least getting out of the euro would mean that they can more effectively lower their sovereign debt , better deal with their over leveraged massive banks with monetary policy and enable them to run a larger deficit but all of this is easily outweighed by the sheer economic stupidity of leaving the euro . 
  if brexit is shooting yourself in the foot then france leaving the euro is suicide . 
  i actually really like brutalist architecture when it can actually be called architecture not just concrete blocks . 
  i guess it 's because both concrete blocks and brutalist architecture are generally associated with the soviet union which had a lot of brutalist architecture, 
  york . 
  it 's alright in terms of architecture but the interior of the main campus is largely concrete / pre fab . 
  although a second campus opened in 2012 where i study and that 's quite nice and not all of the main campus is like that , the departments are actually alright . 
  it 's just the old derwent and vanbrugh accommodation where i live is an eyesore . 
  the university i go to was founded in the 60s . 
  it 's got a very weird mix of concrete / prefab blocks that were meant to be knocked down in the 90s and modern buildings . 
  i live in the former . 
  some buildings are such eyesores . 
  i guess that 'll be a rare sight for people in a hundred years , one can hope, 
  strange considering we sought conferences prior to both world wars to calm european tension . 
  ( although given germany was slapped down in a conference over morocco you can somewhat understand their hesitance ) in the first austria was never gon na stand down from its dick waving contest after germany gave it a blank check and the second brought upon the infamous munich agreement which viewed morally was a betrayal and if viewed strategically was a mechanism to allow the british and french to prepare for war . 
  i kind of get why britain left . 
  between the napoleonic and first world war britain 's principle aim in europe was to stop one nation dominating and potentially threatening their colonial possessions . 
  the great game and anglo-german naval race are the embodiment of that . 
  after the defeat of napoleonic france it faced no singular to its empire until russia in the crimea and the great game , in which it later mended ties and germany who was by far the biggest continental power and whom the british for various reasons leading up to ww1 deemed a threat . 
  lying is different to drawing parallels with something that clearly happened, 
   mr lavrov denounced the telegraph report as a british invention . 
  he said the allegation was on a par with claims that russia 's secret services had links to president donald trump 's administration and that russian hackers had targeted the west and interfered in election campaigns . 
  so entirely true then . 
  lol, 
  if they want us to pay an exit fee on the basis of future payments then we 'll take a share of assets that british capital has paid for . 
  that 's fair . 
  tax them twice the difference and distribute it to the fucked over employees . 
  a robin hood tax for managers who are cunts, 
  what 's the story in balamory, 
  that 's why i said hypothetically . 
  hypothetically if the roi found itself in union with scotland and northern ireland that would incur substantial economic negatives . 
  but like i said ; that 's a hypothetical . 
  that wo n't happen because economically and politically both parties would n't want that . 
  a mention of joining the euro in britain is political suicide ; it 's seen as inherently unstable benefiting some and acting in the detriment of others . 
  you also ignore the historical aspect of irish gdp falling dramatically and the uk bailing you out in 2011 . 
  but fair enough , the ecb has actually tried to act like a central bank since then . 
  so you 're inferring they held a referendum knowing they would win therefore incurring literally no risk of potentially having to move nuclear weapons whereas this time the dynamics of a second referendum have no parallels with the first ? 
  what you 're ignoring here , obviously purposefully , is that if ireland did hypothetically need to be ` bailed out ' absolute terms would be more important then percentiles and the uk economy even without scotland is substantially bigger then the irish one . 
  i 'm guessing the previous scottish referenda was simply one big massive lie then ? 
  you 're very uninformed are n't you ? 
  the uk will ` never let them go ' . 
  it 's being british policy for decades to support independence if the majority want it . 
  how is household wealth relevant to governments lending to one another ? 
  you 've taken a non applicable statistic and used it likes it 's applicable to your argument , which it is n't . 
  i agree . 
  great sub . 
  definitely a good place to develop debating and critical thinking skills , just occasionally people are a bit deluded, 
  i do n't even mind if they leave or not . 
  i 've said the same thing many times to irish nationalists on this sub ; you wo n't find any opposition in england if the majority of northern ireland or scotland want to leave . 
  / r/europe will for the foreseeable future have a very anti anglo stint on any media because they largely want to see it burn . 
  there opinions are neither cemented in reality nor politicians or the public of their countries so you can largely ignore them as they live in a bubble . 
  he can but that does n't suite his narrative therefore he chooses to ignore it consciously or not . 
  these type of discussions are ripe with confirmation bias . 
  i can use any bus in the city of york and surrounding areas ran by first group for # 99 a year . 
  only available for university students but nevertheless cheap comparatively to travel in this country in general . 
  york is a quite unique in the u.k. 
  buses are generally quite reliable and cheap . 
  if i were to buy a return into the city centre without a bus pass it would be # 2 which for a similar distance in bradford my hometown , it would be nearly # 5 . 
  then again york is quite predestination-ised with an emphasis on buses and bikes rather then cars . 
  exactly, 
  very controversial opinion that . 
  did the british have a right to hold onto rwanda , did the french have the right to hold onto vietnam , the dutch indonesia ? 
  nato was specifically designed like that to prevent european powers exploiting it to protect colonial interests in the aftermath of ww2, 
  you want home rule as envisioned pre ww1 ? 
  awfully eager to become a british dominion for an irish nationalist . 
  i have no problem with people not wanting to be british as long as they are the majority . 
  which they are n't in northern ireland . 
  the troubles was completely unwarranted act of barbarity on both sides when the british government were open to dialogue from the beginning ( sunningdale , the gfa proposed 25 years earlier ) . 
  but of course the ira were too idiotic for dialogue and decided to try to gain full independence , which the majority did n't want . 
  both republican and loyalist paramilitaries are principally at fault for the bloodshed in northern ireland . 
  the british certainly were n't angels , in fact some are guilty of atrocities but taken in context they were dealt a very shit hand to work with . 
  britain , the only western government arming dodgy regimes .
