   `` if this activity is not replaced by higher output elsewhere , then the overall growth rate of the economy could fall to closer to 1 per cent a year than the 2 per cent average we 've experienced over the last couple of years , '' mr mclaren said . 
  scottish and uk ministers sought to accentuate the positive in the data , which showed the economy had enjoyed three years of continuous expansion . 
   but john swinney , scotland 's finance secretary , acknowledged there were `` significant challenges '' including a slowdown in global demand . 
   `` [ this is ] a situation exacerbated by the continuing low price of oil and the effect this is having on the industry and its supply chain , '' mr swinney said . 
   mr swinney and his snp colleagues have shrugged off reminders that the collapse in oil revenues would have meant a severe fiscal crunch if scotland had , as they hoped , been set to become an independent state on march 24 this year . 
  nicola sturgeon , snp leader and scotland 's first minister , stressed the `` balancing effect '' of lower fuel costs . 
   the problem is that the balancing effect appears to be weaker than expected , and with no appetite for tax cuts the devolved scottish government has limited ability to boost growth in the short term . 
   professor david bell of the university of stirling said that an ongoing effort to model the scottish economy found that in `` nearly all '' simulations it would grow more slowly than the uk as a whole over the next few years . 
  that would mean unprecedented increased impact on the finance available to the snp government because of planned devolution of tax powers from london . 
   `` this is likely to lead to relatively slower growth in income tax revenues in scotland compared with the uk as a whole . 
  and this will put downward pressure on the scottish budget , '' prof bell said . 
  original post : https://np.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/40xfd6/oil_price_fall_leaves_scottish_economy_trailing/, 
  retrospectively independence for scotland could 've been an economic catastrophe , i suppose pro-unionists will argue that this shows that an independent scottish economy would struggle without stable , high oil prices which do n't look likely anytime soon . 
  i thought he was german but i kind of presume anyone with a german-like accent to be german i suppose, 
  austro-prussian war , july crisis , balkans , hitler , anschluss ... 
  i studied history  what do you know about the people ? 
  like germans , but more neutral  what are they like ? 
  like germans , probably  what common preconception about austria does exist in your country ? 
  that they 're basically germans , probably, 
  it still does n't make war with russia or china feasible though as long as nuclear weapons as we know them now still exist . 
  i find it difficult to sympathise with them honestly, 
  you could have simply said non-muslims , that would 've been much clearer, 
  i do n't like your separation of muslim 's and french , are you implying that muslims can not be french or are you using the term french to avoid using their distinction of race, 
  that 's worrying , similarly with how many of golden dawns supporters came from the police in greece , but perhaps that is a harsh comparison as they are extreme in comparison to fn, 
  i never knew at one point italy had a bigger economy then the uk , and the imf forecast puts us basically at the same level as germany by 2020 , optimistic ? 
  this map makes russia look weak comparatively to the rest of europe , but i suppose even during the cold war it was never their economy that gave them their ` superpower status ' , it was more military and oil i suppose . 
  fairly predictable given nk 's recent nuclear test i suppose , but japan and the u.k. are natural allies, 
  how does it refute my point, 
  that does n't refute my point and the irish plan was nothing but a fantasy, 
   ( cain , ) [ http://cain.ulst.ac.uk/sutton/book/#append] deny it all you want , but the stats do n't lie . 
  what is his methodology of a civilian , for example if an unarmed member of a paramilitary was killed , were they judged as a civilian or paramilitary , regardless i believe a substantial amount of the killings were unavoidable , especially those who were killed where the british were battling with paramilitaries close by . 
  `` no obvious pattern of circumstances and/or reason for killing unknown : 84 '' thats strange , nearly 50 % of those killed can not be attributed to a causation . 
  i wonder how many the ba killed excluding the other british forces . 
   collusion is a well known fact at this stage , there was a documentary on the bbc a while back where members of the british military admitted it themselves , they drove around the streets of northern ireland murdering people in drive-by shootings . 
  carried out gun attacks and blamed them on the ira . 
  planted bombs and blamed them on paramilitaries . 
  there is nothing to substantiate the claims that the british were involved in the dublin and monaghan bombings therefore it is simply an allegation . 
   it was a nasty conflict that resulted from the lid coming off a situation that could have been entirely averted had we had responsible and equal governance . 
  if you want proof of that , ask yourself : what was different in the 1990 's to the 1960 's - hint : a government 's willingness to allow all sides to a table to negotiate a fair and equal settlement . 
  sorry , this is completely false , i doubt the conflict would have lasted 30 years if all the nationalists wanted was equal governance , they wanted to secede from the uk , violently and unite the entirety of ni with ireland , including those who wanted to remain part of the uk , a majority then and a majority now , so i can somewhat sympathize with loyalists who took up arms against the republican paramilitaries , given what they stood for . 
  undoubtedly ni is in a better political position now then in the 1960 's but i imagine that could 've come about much sooner if all the nationalists wanted was more equal governance . 
   rare incidents ? 
  i dont think having a 50 % civilian kill ratio source ? , furthermore how did the british define enemy combatant , because i was much doubt everyone killed was a `` civilian ''  loyalist murder gangs which resulted in the dublin/monaghan bombings an allegation  the hundreds of innocent people killed and maimed thanks to the `` security '' forces what they did was far from perfect but there is always going to be civilian casualties in an urban civil war , thanks to a republican paramilitary by the way , which is why the army was there in the first place and what of the thousands killed and maimed by the ira in ireland and britain , so tell me , do you condemn the terrorizing tactics use by the ira in ireland and britain ? 
  yes , those rare incidents i in no way support those acts which i imagine was fueled by widespread frustration in the british army during the troubles, 
   no i wo n't admit that . 
  unionist paramilitaries that were funded and supported by the british government were objectively worse . 
  how were they worse , in principle they both targeted civilians , the only difference is the unionist paramilitaries did n't have a military to target , all they had was an opposing paramilitary organisation . 
  tell me , what do you call the ira , terrorists , or do you feel that they were somehow justified ? 
   as for sources on british involvement in the bombings , the wikipedia page on the bombings has a fairly substantial section on it . 
  [ the only `` source '' i can find on the matter is one which calls it an allegation and provides no evidence towards the contrary ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2008/0517/103410-monaghan/ ), 
   dublin and monaghan bombings . 
  high ranking british military , police and intelligence officials have admitted involvement . 
  there is an allegation that they were involved , no more then that . 
  representatives of the british state bombed civilian areas in the troubles ? 
   likely because you 're a big brainwashed baby . 
  brainwashed because i called the ira terrorists , irony . 
   i 'm saying stewart lee 's joke is inaccurate and gives the british credit for something they have never done . 
  yes , it is inaccurate , the british never bombed civilians to give a warning in the first place . 
  call it what you want , the ira were terrorists , plain and simple , they killed innocence and left a country devastated by thirty years of civil war , to defend them on the basis that they warned people prior to bombing is ridiculous, 
  just because you fund and support someone does not mean they are representative , examples of this are abundant , nor did the british ever officially support them in fact when soldiers or police officers were discovered to offer support , they were dismissed, 
  so because paramilitaries were unionist they represent the rest of britain ? 
  that 's kind of flawed . 
  i find it laughable even been from a generation that was n't threatened by the ira that people make out that they were ` good terrorists ' you know , it was horrible bombing something but hey , at least they phoned up and warned right , right ? 
  lets say in some far fetched hyperbole that pro-british terrorists were bombing dublin so the rest of ireland unifies with the uk , you would n't find many people justifying it if they rang up and told them when a bomb was going to explode . 
  the only reason they warned people was because it increased their public perception in ireland and places where people claim to have 1/160 irish heritage . 
  makes sense to limit migration and make migrants net contributors i suppose . 
  thanks ireland, 
   peaky blinders peaky blinders is made by the bbc, 
  when domestic radicals are eventually arrested for x , y or z we should rehabilitate them rather then putting them in prisons also , otherwise you just create more radicals thats is if there crimes are not serious that is . 
  which china has no interest in , this is n't the the 19th century , you ca n't take something because it is heavy in resources , but you can take something that you can put even a easily refutable claim to , like china 's claim to the entirely of the south china sea , an area where it and russia are also natural allies since they both have territorial disputes with japan . 
  but they are natural friends given that the biggest barrier to chinese expansion in the south china sea is the us and the alliance that checks and confines russian power in europe most powerful member is the us . 
  want to divert attention away from domestic issues which have plagued the country since i can remember , largely economic , i can link you some good articles when i 'm home if you wish , they are abundant as argentina just elected a new president . 
  the falklands are a nationalistic rally cry which the argentinian government will presumably keep utilising . 
  yeah , it seems like british plans for a second falklands war would not be retaking them but preventing argentina from taking them to begin with , a type 45 would be a momentous struggle for the argentinian military and the potential of a british nuclear sub being in the area would confine the argentinian navy to port just like in the falklands war . 
  for argentina to get the falklands they 'd need to drastically modernise their military which they can not do because of their shot economy so all they can do now is cry imperialism to the un which is largely symbolic as the uk is in the unsc along with two of its allies, 
  does n't need to . 
  the argentinian military would struggle with the garrison on the islands alone , once the carriers are operational they would n't have a chance at taking them , and that 's disregarding their weak economic position which means war can not even be a consideration for them . 
  what is there to negotiate , fuck off and find something else to distract your populous with . 
  i actually ca n't stand their fucking arguments anymore , so feeble and pathetic, 
  the last time there were two blocks of alliances in europe trying to counter one another it made a localised war a world war , i 'd be surprised if 5 % of the u.k. was in favour of merging with poland, 
  the u.k. imports a minimal amount of gas from russia comparatively to germany, 
   that 's not how economics works . 
  the idea that the government should intervene and ensure everyone has a job is dangerous and naive . 
  thats okay in the long run sure , but a problem in the uk is often towns of people depend on one particular industry where generations of their family have worked the same job , if the industry is destroyed unemployment would be rife , you ca n't just let some of these industries die a quick death , instead you need to allow them to survive while offering jobs in other industries for the local people and over time they will become less and less dependent on gas for example and then they do n't require subsidies . 
  sure its dangerous and naive to constantly subsidize industries , but i 'm not opposed to it at all if it helps an industry survive in which 10,000 s depend on with no clear alternative job opportunities . 
  what you are proposing is not practical at all . 
   wow , that 's a retarded reason to do anything . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's primarily what government subsidies are for , they enable new industries , such as renewables to grow and struggling industries , such as oil , to survive . 
  when entire towns of people depend on certain industries to survive and live , its not outlandish at all , if the government could magically retrain and build facilities for people that previously worked in non-renewables to work on renewables i 'm sure they would but thats not viable . 
  increasing subsidies for non-renewables is warranted at the moment in my opinion . 
  its one of those damned if you do damned if you do n't things for the government , if they did n't do anything to help that sector people would be asking them to do so to save jobs . 
  more per capita is spent on those in the north then the south , this is a nonissue, 
  is n't this common knowledge ? 
  get corbyn to do it, 
  this is full of so many inaccuracies . 
   but for 2 years he had been making excuses such as `` not enough weapons in place , not mobilized yet , bad weather , etc '' this was true , if you think the uk was capable of sustaining a new front against the germans in 1941-42 alongside north africa , you 're delusional . 
   stalin starts pushing the germans back , then all of a sudden chuchill is not only ready to open up another front , but he opens it up in italy , instead of the promised western front on germany . 
  stalin never wanted to open one up in the west particularly against the germans , he simply wanted another front in europe . 
  the reasons for invading italy were abundant , do n't forgot that italy bordered germany since the annexation of austria so germany had to commit resources to securing the south , which they did after the italian civil war broke out .
