  hooliganism does seem prevalent in a lot of ex-warsaw pact countries . 
  i believe in poland hooliganism is also prevalent ? 
  the british approach to hooliganism seemed effective ; hefty prison sentences , stadium bans , travel bans etc pretty much eradicated the infamous hooligan culture of the 80s, 
  if only my russian teammates on cs were this organised . 
  it 's hard to say who provoked the fight , but it certainly seems like the russians went out looking for one, 
  how different were occupied countries gdp prior to communism and under communism ? 
  i imagine even prior to communism eastern europe would 've still been behind the west right ? 
  i was n't aware that ni joined the republic, 
  his comment did n't say anything to the contrary, 
  libya and iraq showed the west it 's easy enough to get rid of a dictator but to replace it with a fully functioning and stable democracy has yet to be achieved , which is a shame . 
  i recall david cameron amongst other world leaders who participated in the air strikes visiting libya when the regime fell and they seemed to be treated like heroes . 
  if only those countries who are capable of removing dictators showed some dedication in creating a stable and free country , not just leaving the country to their own devices . 
  countries are inherently unstable after a regime falls , it 's a shame the west did little to stabilise the country . 
  it 's just a simple photo . 
  if someone wanted to know the current state of russo-ukrainian relations they 'd look at the news not a photo, 
  yeah i was able to hear it by the tone of your voice, 
  you 're so ill informed it 's astounding . 
  if you knew what the british military had on the falklands and what the current state of the argentinian military is maybe you would n't make idiotic comments . 
  the u.k. has never been against sanctions nor has it ever asked for their repeal or relaxation to my knowledge , especially after the litvinenko inquiry, 
  i do n't think the british have much to gain from pr though , i imagine out of every country if someone had to pick an enemy or rival the most picked country by britons would probably be russia . 
  under cameron we pretty much froze diplomatic and military relations and stationed troops in baltics so that was basically the hardest line britain could take . 
  the u.k. has been one of the hardline countries when it comes to sanctions as well as defending eastern nato members . 
  in terms of cooperating i imagine more military related such as security services , communication for aviation and the syrian civil war . 
  i can see why the russians would want warmer relations with the u.k. as it would weaken the western front posed against their actions in ukraine however without extensive trade relations i really do n't see what the uk gets out of this , perhaps leverage in the eu negotiations . 
  no not really . 
  i imagine their are a multitude of continental countries who trade more with russia but i do n't think that 's that 's really the aim, 
  you respond to idiocy with more idiocy, 
  after the fall of the soviet union we probably enjoyed our closest relations since the anglo-russian entente in 1907 . 
  britain and russia always viewed each other with suspicion during ww2 . 
  i was n't necessarily objecting to your comment , only time will tell if we can afford it but 50 billion is vastly different from 5 . 
  we 'd have never had a referendum if the eu gave us 2x what we pay into the union . 
  i imagine it very much depends on who becomes president, 
  it 's 5 billion annually at most ... 50 is like our entire military budget, 
  i wonder if it 's just westminister showing their hand and basically saying ` look , we will go down this avenue and develop closer ties with russia ' if x/y does n't happen . 
  which is quite powerful undoubtedly as the uk along with france have the most capable militaries in w europe and the u.k. has maintained a hardline on russia under cameron, 
  russia is not a us ally , in fact it 's clearly an adversary . 
  there was a time post cold war where the west and russia had warm relations but i think this is over for the foreseeable future under putin . 
  could be . 
  i 'm not sure what the ` strategy ' is here . 
  the cynical side of me thinks that perhaps they could use their support for more defense for eastern europe as leverage in the eu negotiations but that 's just speculation . 
  our relationship has been pretty poor with russia even in comparison to most western countries due to the inquiry into the murder of litvinenko which exacerbated the already deteriorating relationship over ukraine so i very much doubt we 'll go from a staunch anti-russian foreign policy to a pro-russian one if anyone is wondering . 
  the loans are n't that intimidating . 
  you only start paying them aft earning a certain amount and it takes a proposition of your income every month . 
  most people wo n't pay it all back before it is cleared, 
  which businesses ? 
  that is just ignorant, 
  in which i imagine we and our european partners will keep similar if not the same mechanisms in place as it benefits both parties, 
  that 's why it 's unlikely that we 'll stop cooperating . 
  i mean european intelligence agencies were certainly portrayed as incompetent or out of touch but i ca n't recall europol specifically being singled out, 
  it was n't a big part of the debate really . 
  there was an overarching debate about are we safer in or out the eu but little mention of europol and more talk about the ease of access to heavy weapons ( in domestic british terms ) that isis have established and the fact that some of the is attackers in paris were enabled in that position by the refugee crisis . 
  scottish nationalism has existed for centuries in things such as the jacobite rebellions, 
  we all live in democracies so public perception is just as important as the reality because it 's the public that vote, 
  but single events do matter because they ferment public opinion . 
  people i imagine would 've probably thought of the eu more highly prior to the 2008 financial crisis for example . 
  the fundamental difference is that nation states have histories , cultures , traditions etc whereas the eu is new , what does it stand for that it 's nation states do n't already spout ? 
  think about everything that connects people to their nation , and then think about someone 's connection to the eu , to me it seems like the overwhelming majority of people will have connections to their nations which make their connections to the eu look minor, 
  sure you can but this is about people who identity with the eu over their nation state, 
  i doubt more then 5 % of eu citizens would identify with it over their nation, 
  but the eu has to be better then the nation states for people to begin associating with the eu over them . 
  governments are n't perfect but their inherently more representative then the eu because all eu members are democracies . 
  i do n't even think this is a matter of nationalism though . 
  i 'm someone who despite being very critical of the eu am probably more europhile then the vast majority of britons but in terms of what i felt more strongly towards the uk or the eu prior to the referendum i would say the uk, 
  i mean like everything related to history , you can have multiple valid arguments ( something which some people on this sub seem to forget and see their version of history as gospel ) . 
  such as some will argue germany made war inevitable in the july crisis . 
  but i have to agree . 
  in terms of the deterioration of relations it really falls down to imperialism , expansionism , revanchism , arms race and such with the overarching motivating factor being nationalism . 
  religious secondary school teachers are all university educated in the uk . 
  in terms of what i did in school we covered various social issues such as the right to suicide , capital punishment , aging population , cannabis etc and different religious perspectives on them , principally christianity , islam , judaism and buddhism . 
  this was at a state state school . 
  why does this raise her standards ? 
  there seems to be so much elitism amongst federalists where they see people as below them for not sharing their ideology . 
  the eu is n't perfect and shows no prospect of being perfect , it 's okay to criticize the eu and feel stronger towards a nationality then a intergovernmental organization that has yet to get its shit together and actually make people proud to be a part of it when it shows incompetence at nearly very crisis . 
  what were the dup objections to the gfaz, 
  nato has always taken a realpolitik approach, 
  do both unionist and nationalists have bonfires ? 
  from the outside looking in it seems despite the peace they do n't give up a potential opportunity to aggravate one another , i suppose the orange order is testament to that as well as the memorial walls and such . 
  wow, 
  that 's a terrible and simplistic analogy, 
  i think religion is overrated in ni . 
  people look at the conflict on the face of it and see two sides with two different religions and presume that must be the causation but it 's more of a cultural and political divide which probably grew from religion . 
  i imagine most people in ni just like the rest of the u.k. are n't religious but most probably harbor a political view about if ni should remain part of the u.k. or not . 
  it 's not uncommon for their to be protests and riots in ni for whatever reason and the main concern is that people 's property will be damaged which is a warranted concern . 
  they call themselves northern irish and british mostly . 
  your argument is so weak and based on poor knowledge its astounding . 
  do you wonder why welsh or scots identify as british under the same logic , these countries certainly do n't identify as english but they do as british which is the fundamental floor in your argument . 
  the ottomans were n't a union but an empire . 
  he 's still right . 
  i do n't think you can lay the blame entirely on die hard loyalists . 
  i 'm not too informed about the current situation but it 's seems nonsensical that only die hard loyalists harbor anger and resentment after 30 years of war, 
  the euro always seemed like a poorly thought out ideological decision then a fundamentally sound economic one , particularly allowing so many different countries economically to join in such a short space of time . 
  looking back that is pretty obvious . 
  a country can use its currency to facilitate its economy but the euro is always destined to leave some eu countries worse off then they would be with an their own currency because they would be able to have a monetary policy that suits their country instead of now where some countries benefit and others are disadvantaged . 
  the euro has necessitated further integration and i believe if the eu ever fails the euro will be to blame . 
  i wish my country did n't leave the eu , but i 'm glad we never joined the euro because i can not see how it will be successful in the long term as it continues to exacerbate the poor economic position of the southern members . 
  in my school we did two languages but had a choice between french , german and spanish which seems pretty common among uk schools . 
  as to why people think french / spanish are is useful then german ? 
  probably holidays and such . 
  a ton of people go on holidays to france / spain whereas considerably less go to germany i imagine . 
  i would n't be surprised if more brits visited the netherlands then germany .
