  not all objectives were achieved , but that 's not so bad as these things go . 
  but is was also a win for the british , in which all of their objectives were achieved , if anything the biggest political loss from the troubles was by the loyalists not the nationalists or british government . 
   nothing against the brits , as i understand they saw some of the worse of the fighting down in helmand , but it 's clearly not debatable that the uk was able to perform the mission without significant american manpower ( they were not ) and resources , both logistical and otherwise . 
  of course , if the british were going to maintain control over helmand themselves they would have had to deploy thousands more troops , although i would say overall the british had sufficient , if not abundant equipment when the conflict reached a climax . 
  the mod had being forced to arm the army better in afghanistan due to publc pressure in the early to mid 2000 's, 
  but relativity is important , right ? 
  it is easy to undermine the british effort using us troop numbers but relative to the size of the british and american military 's the british certainly pulled their weight . 
  my basis was the 2009 figure as i presume troop numbers were similar the previous years and therefore for much of the conflict the british would have had more troops per capita . 
  i agree that there was no military solution to the troubles but i do n't agree that the british army took part in `` ethnic cleansing '' that is just an absurd statement . 
   they had an impossible job and their reaction to it was to try to suppress the anger of the nationalist community through force . 
  are you portraying the british as the aggressors here ? 
  the british army originally went to northern ireland to quash riots and the nationalists originally welcomed them as the british army was certainly more impartial then the ruc . 
  i would attribute the escalation of the conflict in the early 1970 's to the increased activities of the oira and pira as they had recently formed , although bloody sunday boosted anti-british sentiment in the nationalist community , it was hardly the match that lit the flame , that flame already existed due to the ira and loyalist paramilitaries . 
  in fact their was a ceasefire in 1972 but it ended due to an ira push for a united ireland , all in all , its unsurprising that the british started direct rule the same year . 
  furthermore the british pursued a political solution from the conflicts conception having a referendum , which was boycotted by nationalists and also the sunningdale agreement which was derailed by loyalists . 
  the british were also seriously considering until 1975 letting northern ireland be independent , but pretty much everyone , including the roi , opposed this apart from the ira . 
  you could make the case for both the loyalists and the nationalists being opposed to certain political situations but the british certainly were n't , it just could n't reach a consensus until good friday  their loss was inevitable . 
  how did the british lose in any regard in the troubles , given that the main aim of the ira was a united ireland , they failed . 
  in fact , out of the nationalist paramilitaries , british government and loyalist paramilitaries the only winner was the british government as only their aim was the one entirely met , an end to northern irish civil unrest , no united ireland and a political solution . 
   i 'm sure they are . 
  however , when the `` well trained '' and regimented british army is less discriminating then the geurillas , they 're doing something wrong . 
  but yes , civilian casualties are inevitable in this form of warfare , a point i ` be been making in this comment section repeatedly . 
  well you have to consider that they were fighting two very different beasts , the situation for the british army at times was precarious when it came to counter insurgency , to use a modern day example the main way nato dealt with insurgents in afghanistan was to engage the taliban in areas where they were influential and then calling in air support to guarantee that the insurgents are killed , this is viable in afghanistan and obviously not viable in northern ireland . 
  from what i understand the day to day routine of the british army in northern ireland was patrolling in built up housing areas of contention and for obvious reasons that makes infantry every vulnerable from the ira as they could simply take pot shots at the patrol and then pull out , understandingly , it would be foolish for them to engage the ba in a conventional warfare as well as this i think many soldiers were killed while controlling riots , which i suppose its when they were probably most vulnerable from firearms . 
  so form the perspective of the british , what was the best way to defeat the ira when the ira dictated the terms of all engagements ? 
  it could n't be conventional as the ira would never fight conventionally for obvious reasons and therefore i believe all the british could really do is patrol , try to maintain order while using intelligence to carry out raids on potential ira members . 
  i mean , it must have been tough for the army in northern ireland , particularly when i imaged most of them joined imagining they 'd probably be fighting in a cold war conflict rather then northern irishmen, 
   british forces were less discriminating of course , you could toss a coin to decide whether the people they killed were civilians or not . 
  they 're either grossly incompetent or had a casual disregard for the lives and well-being of catholics . 
  they were fighting a guerrilla war in a densely populated country , civilian casualties would be significant regardless of how competent they were . 
  do you count former members of the british forces legitimate targets , because i do not . 
  i do n't think the british could justify killing a presumably unarmed former member of the ira and therefore you 'd expect the same of the ira , would you not ? 
  i 've personally never read the independent extensively , i 'd describe myself as pragmatic therefore i avoid the guardian due to some of its columnists . 
   true , the loyalists had no reasonable military targets . 
  they were not fighting a war at all , they were in it purely for the fun of killing civilians . 
  they were terrorists in the true sense , fighting to terrorise a population into accepting their dominance and supremacy . 
  there is no comparison , i agree . 
  i would agree that they are terrorists , just like the ira , but it would be disingenuous to say that they purely targeted civilians , as that is simply not true , i 'm sure if they had to chose hypothetically to kill a member of the ira or a catholic civilian they 'd kill the member of the ira . 
   i would consider the loyalist paramilitaries valid targets , only 35 % ish of those killed by the ira were civilian 1000 out of the 2050 killed by the ira were british forces , 45 were loyalist paramilitaries and the rest by definition are surely civilians , and well the 100 or so terrorists that managed to kill themselves planting bombs . 
  likewise with british forces , sometimes they killed civilians purposely such as bloody sunday , but the vast majority of those killed were unintentional , be it they were mistaken for ira or simply killed in a firefight . 
  you wo n't understand the third reference without reading british media about ~ 1 week ago . 
  its basically a reference to some refugees in wales having to wear a wristband so they could receive food and some argued it was discriminatory, 
  i personally still think the quality of the bbc and ft are quite good . 
   fully half of those killed by the army were unquestionably civilians . 
  80 + % of those killed by loyalists . 
  there is no comparison . 
  you 're right , there is no comparison as the loyalists did not have a military force to target and therefore a direct comparison is disingenuous . 
   the ira 's mo was not killing protestant civilians . 
  the vast majority of those they killed were unquestionably legitimate targets of war , and the rest were mostly , what 's the term we use these days , `` collateral damage '' ? 
  around 50 % of those killed by the ira were what you would consider even remotely legitimate targets , akin to the british forces , probably lower for the the army itself as the ruc is counted within british forces, 
  in 2009 germany had 4000 , the uk had 9000 and the us had 29000 , by 2011 germany had 4700 , uk had 9600 and the us had 90000 , i doubt the us never had more then 100,000 military staff there . 
  the uk had more personnel per capita then the us for much of the conflict . 
  however this gradually went between 2009 and 2011 when the conflict reached a climax . 
  so you generative the entire army on the actions of the few , on that basis is the ira a murderous terrorist group who aimed to kill protestant civilians ? 
  it covers most of ulster and the british attempted in the formation of northern ireland to give loyalists there own country , does it go to far ? 
  perhaps , i do n't know , but in principle a northern ireland has to exist as otherwise they 'd just be a reverse troubles with protestants feeling oppressed as they 'd be part of a catholic majority, 
  attempts at self defence d meant they were no better then he loyalists . 
  as well as this , over the course over the troulbes it is understandable that the military can down harder on nationalists rather then loyalists given that loyalists were n't killing british troops , therefore it was quite a hard situation for them to remain impartial . 
  who in europe does the us protect i 'm genuinely interested . 
  if you want a reason to justify your outlandish military expenditure go ahead but do n't pretend like the us protects us , as we are n't threatened to begin with . 
  exactly , france and britain , the two biggest militaries would never agree to it as the eu army would n't be no where near as capable as their militaries when it comes to looking out for their interests . 
  the eu is indecisive , perhaps for good reason but you can not put the military of europe in the hands and an incompetent and indecisive government . 
  oh , and then the ducking language which would restrict recruitment to english speakers only presumably, 
  well , they were wrong , the british always had the majority of the people supporting them which in my opinion is crucial to the legitimate state status, 
  the army was originally deployed for order and to protect either side from killing each other . 
  northern ireland was only a problem when people started killing each over , prior to that why would westminster get involved, 
  the context is more important then the troop numbers really and from what i understand the german soldiers were deployed in safer areas comparatively to their british and american counterparts perhaps because they did n't have the same resources, 
  how could they not deploy the army at that point , are you forgetting why they were originally deployed ? 
  i think it 's fair to infer that if the troubles was left solely to the ni police more civilians would 've died . 
  and i do believe the british public would 've been sympathetic , they would n't have given much weight to the religious affiliation of the loyalists if they were purposely neglecting s minority , this was n't the only 19th century or even the early 20th century , people were very different, 
  you think ? 
  i do n't necessarily think it did . 
  i think what would 've brought about a solution faster would be if people in britain were sympathetic towards the catholics and could apply pressure on westminster to force the northern irish government to come to an agreeable solution , but i suppose the chance of that happening was pretty much 0 when british soldiers began being killed . 
   it is n't needed to fit anything i know and understand , i 'm using hypothetical development just to help you understand the difference between criminals and people committing crimes for a political cause . 
  in doing so it ignores key factors about the troubles , therefore i said the analogy is redundant . 
  got a source for that , i 'm interested in reading it . 
  although i think sinn fein getting into politics was probably a positive for britain overall as it paved the way for a political solution . 
   i thought you understand i 'm talking hypothetically . 
  so , there are no `` majority '' or `` minority '' that affects anything as i do n't want to complicate our further analysis - there 's only the independent state of northern ireland . 
  so you basically fabricate a situation thats fits your narrative rather then ignoring a real-world scenario , the troubles . 
   if the northern ireland was independent at that time there could be no majority/minority issues as brit soldiers would have represented an invading enemy army . 
  why would it be independent if the majority of those who lived there wanted to remain part of the uk , the only reason the army was their in the first place was because of ideological tension between the protestant majority and the catholic minority , your analogy is again , redundant . 
   if ira member killed a brit soldier who was armed that would n't be a crime if northern ireland was an independent state . 
  but that would require the ira to have a legitimate government and therefore support of the majority of the populous , which they never did . 
  you are talking hypothetical 's here, 
  the more i read into this the more i find it difficult to sympathize with the hunger strikers , prior to the revoking of special category status members of the ira convicted operated in a system similarly to how a foreign combatant from a warring country would be treated . 
  they were able to maintain ranking structures , were able to hold drills and had lectures about politics and ** guerrilla warfare ** . 
  i think your argument for the the ira gaining more public support from the nationalist community is somewhat substantiated however the more i read into it the british policy seemed to favor detering people joining paramilitaries in the first place by making prison what it was for normal criminals ; retribution , rehabilitation and deterrence, 
   if at that time the northern ireland was independent , then those brit soldiers who were shooting and killing on protesters and/or civilians , both in self defence and as an acts of hatred , would be prosecuted on crime charges . 
  thats a poor analogy though , the soldiers were in the uk under direct orders from both the british and northern ireland government who both had the majority of the people in ni supporting them , furthermore if a british soldier killed a member of the ira who was armed that is not a crime , its self defense at the very least , however if a member of the ira , who chose to take up arms against the government killed a british soldier that is a crime , that individual chose to take up arms against the government and committed murder . 
  furthermore , if a civilian is killed by a british soldier they are not exempt from the law , they will still be prosecuted . 
  if proven guilty . 
   the hunger strikers were n't arrested for simply committing crimes , these were acts of war , which is why they believed that they deserved political prisoner status . 
  perhaps the reason the british removed this status is because they believed it gave their armed cause more legitimacy or perhaps because they thought it undermined the justice system , to use an example if there was a series of attacks on soldiers within scotland on the basis that scottish nationalists want independence and the government reacts against them , at what point would that be a ` war ' where those involved would be political prisoners not normal criminals, 
  i do n't think i understand your point , care to elaborate ? 
  its a shame riots still occur without any particular reason , bored kids ? 
  how so ? 
  from what i understand the prisoners were pissed that they were no longer treated as pow 's but as normal prisoners and therefore had to wear a uniform , do prison work , receive less letters / parcels etc. 
  and because of that they went on hunger strike ? 
  its seems like a fairly straightforward decision by the british government .
