  if you ca n't write an essay , you 'll fail , regardless of how good your knowledge or understanding is . 
  if you can write an essay , you 'll pass , regardless of how little you know . 
  in my class i was always the most knowledgeable but was mediocre at essay skills unfortunately so when everyone else revised information , treaties etc i always just did practice essays and refined my writing . 
  history is all about presenting a strong argument backed up by strong essay skills to strengthen your argument and refute others , after facts its all about interpretation and what your opinion is , you can argument that a wide variety of factors can be attributed to the start of wwi for example and make a strong argument for them all . 
  the knowledge just provides a base for your argument . 
  for me history was all about conflict and change within europe and the larger world between the 19-20th century particularly britain and germany but i recall there also being some units on the women 's rights etc within britain, 
  it honestly depends on exam boards but i would n't say any of my gcse 's or a-levels particularly favored girls, 
  i did n't say it was a bad thing necessarily , its just we did n't start and lose a world war so we never got the opportunity, 
  yeah , fortunately we have n't had our head of state forcibly remove to form a republic, 
  i think it 's just a meme or really estonians really are that ambitious idk, 
  did austria forget it 's no longer part of germany ? 
  the hypothetical emotive bullshit its president has directed at states which do n't want to be part of the quota system is laughable . 
  edit : chancellor not president, 
  could it do that to civilian russian ships ? 
  idk, 
   wages are growing at 3 % . 
  this is somewhere in between the germany and the usa and only about 1 % below the pre recession average even more impressive when you consider how low inflation has been . 
   and acquiesced to by the other entente victors . 
  france also wanted to a great many more things to germany that the other victor did not agree to , like the buffer state in the rhineland . 
  that does n't necessary mean they agreed with it entirely , the treaty of versailles was about compromise . 
   it was britain that wanted to maintain the balance of power in europe as it has essayed to do for the preceding hundreds of years . 
  german industrial might was quickly outstripping all other european powers and that was of great worry to them ( because of its ease to convert into military production ) a greatly weakened germany was not having balance of power within europe , on the contrary a weak post-war germany may not have being able to combat a potential communist russia . 
   lol . 
  frederick loved britain but wilhelm not so much . 
  it could be argued he was obsessed with britain and constantly wanted an alliance prior to world war one , the expansion of the imperial navy was wilhelm trying to establish mutual respect between britain and germany . 
  to quote wilhelm `` an enemy of britain i will never be '' as chris clark cites in kaiser wilhelm : a life in power . 
   your assertion only becomes valid after ww2 . 
  that is not the period we are discussing . 
  it is absolutely valid after the first world war . 
  [ however , in private lloyd george was also very concerned with the rise of communism in russia and he feared that it might spread to western europe . 
  after the war had finished , lloyd george believed that the spread of communism posed a far greater threat to the world than a defeated germany . 
  privately , he felt that germany should be treated in such a way that left her as a barrier to resist the expected spread of communism . 
  he did not want the people of germany to become so disillusioned with their government that they turned to communism . 
  lloyd george did not want germany treated with lenience but he knew that germany would be the only country in central europe that could stop the spread of communism if it burst over the frontiers of russia . 
  germany had to be punished but not to the extent that it left her destitute . 
  however , it would have been political suicide to have gone public with these views . 
  ] ( http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/modern-world-history-1918-to-1980/the-treaty-of-versailles/ ), 
  must be that evil tory government that 's responsible for this / s, 
  the saar was partitioned due to french demands , not british . 
  the main concern of britain was the limitation of the german navy and germany 's colonial possessions which was basically already achieved at the end of the war . 
  it was the french , not the british who wanted a permanently weakened germany . 
  germany to britain was a big pre-war trading partner and many in britain and within government wanted germany to be strong to contain the newly established communist soviet union . 
  the industrialisation of austria-hungary was minimal and ineffective comparatively to germany and britain . 
  it 's railway system was testimony to that . 
  your point is only given weight due to the inclusion of germany and the german economy never exerted that of britain before the first world war despite having a larger population and more abundance resources , although it got close . 
  to blame one single country for the eurozone crisis is fucking stupid . 
  chances are all the implicated countries have some responsibility but none of them are entirely responsible . 
  tap water is just as good as bottled water from everywhere i 've drank it in the uk, 
   you 're drawing a line at an arbitrary historical point . 
  go back far enough and there were very different cultures with different languages . 
  go further back there were n't english or scottish nor were they very different cultures with different languages , does that mean you are drawing an arbitrary line ? 
   a lot of blood was shed to get to a point of `` was the british empire '' and there are still cultural reverberations apparent to this day . 
  i thought scotland willingly formed the united kingdom in 1707 . 
  not that that was the start of a similar culture or language anyway , that was apparent hundreds of years prior and they shared monarchs before . 
   some argue [ 1 ] that the differences are even more pronounced in america where the settlement waves ( over the course of a couple hundred years ) were grouped along these very old cultural boundaries . 
  which is completely redundant as this adds nothing to the debate . 
  did you actually read the sources for your language and kidnap children claim ? 
  ken livingston the moron . 
  although i do n't entirely disagree with him in this respect , he 's an idiot, 
  i still dont know how i 'll vote atm . 
  i need to be more informed first but the migration crisis is certainly a negative . 
  the eu needs to prove it can an effective political organisation of nations because right now the biggest thing britain gets from the eu is a free trade agreement which it could get anyway . 
  that being said , it is worrying considering some of the impacts of leaving the eu such as the working time directive but it 's not like they are n't replaceable . 
  the entire eu should . 
  that explains why abu bakr al-baghdadi came second then . 
  if it is who had the most impact on the world as a whole this year i personally would 've picked him but i feel like picking him would almost glorify or at the very least dignify his actions, 
  yeah , its that simple / s, 
   ah , it seems to be a training issue much more than a pc issue but its still fucked to high heaven that its happening in the uk yeah , that seems to be the main thing . 
  simply police not trained enough to deal with these situations and therefore avoiding them as a result as these situations are n't applicable to what they 've learnt in training, 
  yearp, 
  because you have a conformation bias and this confirms your opinion . 
  so explain how you are n't retarded ? 
   guaranteed within 20 years it will no longer exist !, 
  yes , yes it will you inept fuck  who gives a shit loolollolololoolool clearly the butthurt irishmen, 
  i 'm a tyke , english , british , european . . being one of them does n't undermine another and nothing will ever change that . 
  well unless yorkshire secedes from england which is not going to happen . 
  we all live in nation states , even the uk i suppose which is basically a country of four nation states, 
  you 're retarded, 
  i was going to argue with you but i 'd be poking a hornets nest and / u/putinhimself reputes your statement quite well . 
  if the majority of those living within northern ireland wanted a unified ireland you would n't find many people opposed in britain , but that is n't the case . 
  last time i checked they did n't . 
  so what are you advocating here , that the northern island unites with the roi on the basis of location ? 
  it would be very interesting to see a uk version of this since its in a position similar to italy with a north / south divide economically, 
  can you recall what the documentary was called ? 
  i 'm interested, 
   but basically he engaged the formation of 150 bombers for some time until he ran out of ammo holy shit , it was n't like bombers were sitting ducks either , in those sizable formations i imagine it would 've been difficult to fight them . 
  did he run out of ammo or something ? 
  does n't seem very practical to suicide into a bomber when you can just shoot it . 
  it also means the loss of an asset which could help when more bomber inevitably come . 
  russia did n't agree to the resolution to the bomb the fsa , it can do that legally as the syrian government invited them to do so . 
  the un resolution specifically mentions is, 
  in 2013 the parliament voted against bombing syria which meant i ** think ** they would 've needed to vote on this regardless . 
  the prime minister has the final say on deploying british troops due to royal prerogative but due to our constitution not being codified i 'm not sure if he can go to war without the consent of parliament . 
  i do n't think so though . 
  the prime minister is head of the government but he does n't have any powers comparable to those of obama for example because obama is a head of state . 
  please , we were already bombing them in iraq and even if we were n't we 'd be a target . 
  what do you suggest we do , not bomb them and hope we do n't get attacked ? 
  better still , we 'll form an international coalition of pacifists that agree to pretend is do n't exist in the hope that that 'll make them turn into moderate muslims . 
   if the usa , uk , russia , france and china can all agree on a course of action then i really think there 's no need to ask parliament about it . 
  there 's more than few enemies in the list .
