  yes representative of the german government ... oh wait , the germans realise that we need a functioning government first and your just a random redditor, 
  considering that the new prime minister wanted to remain , i doubt it . 
  thats a horrible idea, 
  they 'll only have an independence referendum if the majority want to leave . . which they do n't . 
  french nukes are n't under nato command like british and american, 
  because the soviet war in afghanistan went so well, 
  that is the problem with northern ireland because any changes to the political status quo could have serious consequences - for example both the british and irish governments would be happy to facilitate a united ireland if the majority of northern irish wanted it . 
  however , even if they did i doubt that the minority would be silent and that could well see the return of paramilitary violence . 
   a cabinet office spokeswoman said : `` it 's a civil servant 's cat and does not belong to the camerons -- he will be staying . '' now that the important fallout from brexit has been solved we can move onto trade deals . 
  you do n't . 
  if you sign out of your apple account , change your region to us and then make a us account ( all you need is a us zipcode , address and phone number ) you can download pokemon go and simply change back to your regular account . 
  certainly happens in the uk, 
  prime minister is simply the representative of the government in power , they still get one vote and they still get elected through constituencies . 
  nobody apart from may 's constituents can prevent her from being pm if the party wish her to be so . 
  most likely they 'll be a general election anyway, 
  is this surprising ? 
  if you 're a eurosceptic you probably not only dislike the eu when it concerns your own country but the entirety of the continent . 
  eurosceptic 's believe they 'll be better independent and think the eu is doomed to fail . 
  i think we 're figuratively just looking for a place to stay before we move out so we 're not homeless . 
  i believe the british equivalent mi5 falls under the home offices budget not mod as well . 
  if people have a choice between labour under corbyn , the conservatives under andrea leadsom and a centrist party with former centrist members of labour and the conservatives i think the centrist party would do very well . 
   why not ? 
  from what i understand its riding on andrea leadsom becoming the new pm when i think may is still the favourite . 
  she is socially conservative unlike david cameron who was liberal in regards to social issues such as gay marriage, 
  the sdp was already a former centrist party in westminister, 
  probably the sdp or something similar  senior players in the parties have discussed founding a new centrist grouping in the mould of the social democratic party ( sdp ) should the two main parties polarise , according to the minister . 
  talks should be taken seriously , though they are still at an early stage , according to the source . 
  well , presuming there wo n't be a general election in the mean time they probably wo n't have a majority on the basis of the mps who might join said party . 
  this would be a tectonic shift in british politics as it would instantly be the biggest party with at best around 300 seats i believe ( counting all those who voted against corbyn in a vote of no coincidence and all the pro-eu tories ) i doubt it 'll happen although i hope it will ; the conservatives and labour seem to be becoming more right wing and left wing respectively with labour under corbyn and the tories potentially under andrea leadsom . 
  we do already have a centrist party , the liberal democrats ; however , i think their prestige was irreversibly tarnished as part of the 2010-15 coalition . 
  i do n't think they intend to not leave the eu ; i think they 'd still leave however i think they 'll very much be the party of the 48 % and due to fptp they could get a majority next ge and if they were hypothetically elected i imagine our exit from the eu would be much more ... cordial, 
  we do n't even have a functioning government atm ; there are rumours atm that some kind of centrist party will be formed with the pro-eu tories and the labour rebels as well as the lib dems . . which is interesting i suppose but i doubt it 'll come to be ; if it does they might even have a majority . 
  its something i see principally in old people honestly ; i wonder if dental health was taken for granted by those generations, 
  the swiss bankers ' association has proposed an alliance with london and leading non-european international financial centres to help thrash out deals on access to eu markets . 
  switzerland , london , hong kong and singapore would pool ideas and resources under a plan put forward by patrick odier , chairman of the swiss association . 
  the proposal to create a `` f4 '' alliance follows the british vote last month to leave the eu , which would mean london joining switzerland as a financial centre operating outside the bloc . 
  financial services in the uk may face difficulties serving customers in the eu following the separation , raising fears about the long-term future of international banks using london as a base . 
  `` co-ordinating our efforts would make it easier and quicker to discuss issues and come to solutions over challenges with the eu , '' said mr odier . 
  switzerland has about a quarter of the global cross-border asset management business , with its banks specialising in the management of the wealth of rich families and entrepreneurs around the world . 
  the country voted against eu membership in the early 1990s and since then swiss businesses have secured access to eu markets via a web of bilateral contracts . 
  but the future of those contracts has been thrown into doubt by a swiss referendum in 2014 demanding quotas on immigration from the eu . 
  if implemented , this decision would violate an agreement with the eu on the free movement of people . 
  as a result of the stand-off , negotiations with the eu about a deal on financial services have been shelved . 
  the swiss bankers ' association first suggested launching a `` f4 '' financial centres group in 2012 . 
  `` it is now time to relaunch the initiative , '' mr odier said . 
  the uk 's planned break with the eu would make an alliance with switzerland more attractive to london , he said , adding that it would also be welcomed by the eu which would rely heavily on the two financial centres to finance future economic growth . 
  `` together , they [ the uk and switzerland ] would be even more important in contributing to the development of a european capital market and financing european industry than they were separately before . 
  that is where i see a huge and interesting area of collaboration , '' mr odier said . 
  under his proposals , a `` f4 '' group would co-ordinate positions on global financial regulation and access to the eu market . 
  the aim would be to establish international standards , to avoid the duplication of efforts , to pool expertise and to speed up dealmaking . 
  the uk vote has led to turmoil in european financial markets , but swiss bankers believe they could benefit as investors seek havens to invest their money . 
  `` switzerland 's financial centre . 
  generally benefits from any type of uncertainty -- with the caveat that an unstable relationship between the uk and europe and an unstable europe are not beneficial for neighbouring financial centres , '' mr odier said . 
  uncertainly about switzerland 's future relationship with the eu was a `` big unresolved challenge '' , he added, 
  i agree ; i think his ` peace for our time ' speech can be interpreted as reassurance for a war wary nation more then anything . 
  he probably knew that a repeat of czechoslovakia would render war unavoidable . 
  i can see that point of view , and german revanchist groups did focus on their eastern borders ; especially after locarno which paved the way for more friendly relations . . 
  however i think these groups were well aware that the yearning would put them into confrontation with the french as well as the british as the french approach to containing germany expansion post ww1 was forming alliances with eastern european countries which although failed in the case of czechoslovakia , was ultimately the reason for franco-german hostilities after the invasion of poland . 
  i think to summarise this point , although german nationalism post ww1 did n't focus on its border with its western neighbours it was obviously in the interests of france and britain to maintain the post-war peace settlement so ultimately any expansion they undertook would deteriorate franco-german relations which would eventually lead to war . 
  i agree ; but i do n't see how a similar conflict could have arose out of ww2 as it did in the franco-prussian war and ww1 and i think this is because of no large nationalist groups calling for revanchism in germany which happened in the prior wars in the two respective countries and i think this is largely due to the nazis . 
  for example a lot of french and british nationalists will look back on their empires and although they did horrible things ; it was not all bad whereas its hard for people to look at the nazis and say `` well , at least they built the first autobahns '' . 
  no , but i think if nationalism was still prominent in germany as it is in the uk and france for example it would be easier for relations to deteriorate - but the germans have no interest in war due to the nature of ww2 and the post-war peace process which did n't make the same mistakes as versailles , therefore once no power seeks revanchism for the previous war ; like france did for the franco-prussian war or germany after ww1 then the countries could cooperate and see each others as friends , not adversaries . 
  tl ; dr : there was no revanchism in post ww2 germany, 
  is it luck or just common sense ? 
  the three wars most notable wars between the french and germany ; the franco-prussian war , first world war and the second world war were pretty much a result of one another , and although thats a simplification i think the only reason we do n't see a degree of tension between germany and france post ww2 is the nature of the conflict and the nazis role within it ; germany was arguably never more powerful then when they were under hitler however because the nature of the deplorable acts of the nazis you ca n't build nationalism around it , obviously . 
  i 'd put it down to collective guilt ` kollektivschuld ' honestly more then anything which enabled france and germany to consistently improve relations post ww2 to become partners not adversaries . 
  saddam been a cunt was wholly accepted without this report ; the report is about why and how the cunt was removed in such a manner and how what he left behind was dealt with . 
  he has never done really well in polls . 
  there has been a few that has showed him as more popular then dc without the implication of corbyn being pm but thats about it . 
  but the general public ultimately vote so determining the support of corbyn using the parties membership ( which is falling dramatically ) is a fallacy . 
  jeremy corbyn received 125,000 votes to become the leader of labour , but the parliamentary labour party received over 9.3 million votes at the ge . 
  labour are one of the biggest parties in the uk , they should be challenging the conservatives at the next general election but they probably wo n't if labour still have corbyn ; oh and , to become a member of labour i 'd have to spend # 1 , the most someone has to spend is like # 3 per month . 
  for those in the uk chilcot is currently making a statement , basically a tldr prior to the chilcot inquiries release now : http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/live/bbcnews, 
  i think people will support his prosecution if hes clearly guilty . 
  this idea that this coup is because of the chilcot report is complete bullshit because why would they begin the coup days before its released ( it releases in 25 minutes ) . 
  clearly they saw the eu referendum as a reason to challenge his leadership to make themselves stronger in any future ge which could happen this year or early 2017 because of the eu referendum . 
  [ corbyn 's hold over the parties members ; usually his strongest base of support , is falling . 
  its irrelevent if he is more popular then dc because dc is n't going to be in charge soon . 
  if corbyn loses support of the labour party membership he loses his only mandate to lead . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/06/30/labour-members-corbyn-post-brexit/ ) jeremy corbyn received 125,000 votes to become the leader of labour , but the plp recieved over 9.3 million votes at the ge . 
  corbyn may be reflective of the labour part membership for now , but he definitely is n't reflective of the electorate . 
  edit : i agree with dc . 
  it may be in the interest of the conversatives for corbyn to remain in power , but certainly not in the peoples interest . 
  the plp do n't like corbyn because they realise the electorate do n't like him - the conservatives have so many avenues of attack if he was ever in contention for pm i genuinely think he 'd get destroyed . 
  labour need to stay close to the centre as does every party in the uk because thats how you win elections . 
  i thought the working time directive was 40 hours but employees in the uk can opt out, 
   3-4 competitive parties in each constituency even without ukip . 
  you never get a constituency where labour , conservatives , lib dems and ukip are all challenging the seat - in areas where the lib dems are challenging its a fair assumption that ukip isnt going well their and vice versa . 
  labour and or the conservatives are usually the first or second favourite party in any given seat in england and wales and then the others follow behind . 
  which assumes it 's even possible for ukip to get that position because it 's not . 
  they have 1 mp out of over 500 seats and they 're a one issue party that just gained its wish . 
  no need . 
  parliament can repeal and do what they want and if people do n't like it that government wo n't be elected again and the next government can undo what they did - it 's worked for hundreds of years just fine . 
  perhaps and i imagine he 'll still do that but ukip was always seen as a one issue party - they 'll either disband or keep taking votes from prior labour supporters . 
  he was never going to be involved in the actual technicalities of brexit so he did n't `` leave the actual brexit part to someone else '' - it was never going to be him, 
  farage was never going to be the one pushing article 50 . 
  ukip have one mp . 
  why do people think that this is about responsibility when farage is not in a position of power regarding brexit !, 
  i do n't necessarily see anything wrong with this comment , shes essentially saying she aspires to make the uk better - which is what a politician aspires to do . 
  some people inferring this is to do with our empire are simply out of touch .
