  but it would still be a global war . 
  no it was n't , it would have been a world war regardless of britain . 
  france has colonies which it used extensively in the war for men and also fought for german colonies in africa . 
  i wish we had one :p, 
  how is the british government anti-eu ? 
  cameron needed to appease the public who wanted a referendum and the eurosceptics within his own party as he has a slim majority , a backbench rebellion could ruin him . 
  and many scandinavians settled ... 
  those four individual sections of the building kind of have the shape of a british ww1 tank http://i.imgur.com/f1subnx.jpg, 
  great . 
  this should strengthen the pro-eu side of the referendum if merkel is open to change . 
  this really is n't offensive, 
  has anybody talked about the long term implications of this conflict yet ? 
  it seems like ukraine will not be able to retake the east well the separatists are receiving equipment and man from russia , meanwhile russia can not engage fully militarily as it would face international condemnation and further sanctions . 
  what is a feasible end to this conflict because it certainly is n't clear . 
   a lot of people in the uk are not that interested in the eu and find the subject boring and confusing and technical . 
  relatively few people are emotionally involved in it . 
  i suppose that sums up politics in general in the uk really . 
  its a shame really be it if you are for or against the eu it does have a big impact in the uk but a large portion of the population will simply dismiss it as worthless politics . 
   likely lower than the last general election but perhaps higher than the alternative vote referendum . 
  you think ? 
  i hope the referendum reinvigorates politics in the uk . 
  i do n't expect the turnout of the scottish referendum but i 'd hope it would be higher then a general election . 
   its a merkel thing , she isnt big on principles and says whatever the hell is convenient right now . 
  hopefully this leads to reforms but he could also be replaced by somebody who has the support of the african and asian fas that are equally corrupt . 
  the falklands are not part of the uk thats why . 
  its a british overseas territory , the uk handles their defence and foreign policy and they do the rest themselves . 
  i highly doubt 1 % of the falklands are muslim . 
   the fourteen british overseas territories ( bot ) are territories under the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the united kingdom ; they do not , however , form part of it - wikipedia, 
  to a certain extent although i believe india still has something like the second most amount of muslims in the world and growing . 
  when india was partitioned many muslims migrated to modern day pakistan and bangladesh but not all of them left . 
  i think we have only not qualified a few times . 
  certainly not once every 2 wcs, 
  damn , did n't expect that . 
  did i say he was wrong ? 
  lend lease started in march 1940 the turning point in the battle was august and it ended in october 1940 . 
  in that time i doubt thet lend lease substantially helped the british and considering the british alone could out build germany in terms of planes your assumption is largely baseless . 
   imo gb could have lasted 3 + years of continuous blitz like bombings before becoming weak enough that invasion would have been more feasible . 
  the blitz ended mostly with the battle of britain and was largely detrimental to the luftwaffe as having to support bombers over britain made them easy targets for the raf so again , kind of baseless . 
  i doubt the luftwaffe could sustain 3 years of the blitz  the luftwaffe would have taken out your navy one destroyer at a time and the royal navy would dwindle as the german navy would most likely grow germany was not really building more ships but submarines , submarines could not support an invasion . 
  the kreigsmarine was the most neglected part of germany 's war machine it went army  air force  navy in terms of priorities really . 
  i do n't see germany expanding its navy nor them destroying the royal navy . 
   yeah but without the lend lease act you guys would have been screwed . 
  what does that have to do with `` saved '' the lend ease enabled britain to carry on fighting it did n't prevent an invasion . 
   also eventually rommel would have pushed you guys out of na completely baseless the afrika corps was retreating as the americans were arriving after the second battle of el alamain britain was not going to be pushed out of africa . 
  the fighting in libya and egypt was basically just the british and troops from the british empire . 
  the only thing america was truly involved in was operation torch . 
   what really saved you guys was hitler being an idiot and invading the soviet union . 
  hitler could n't have invaded britain . 
  the kriegsmarine was too small and dwarfed by the royal navy ( biggest navy in the world until 1943 ) not only that without air superiority its difficult to argue that without america or hitler invading the soviet union we would 've being invaded . 
  it would be more likely for hitler to try to get a peace treaty with britain as his real focus was in the east . 
   as for wwi yeah we did n't do that much fighting but because we were involved the war ended much sooner than if we had remained neutral . 
  perhaps , we are talking hypotheticals of course but i imagine the hundred day 's offensive , which ultimately ended the war was winnable without the americans . 
  uk , us , ireland , canada , australia , india , pakistan , malta , nz , south africa , other african countries etc. 
  you certainly helped expand english but the foundation of it as a global language was very much built on the british empire . 
  meh , the british empire is equally accountable if not more so then america and i suppose you could also make the argument that america would n't speak english without the british so overall britain is accountable for english being widely spoken and not america, 
  `` saved '' in ww1 was simply not true . 
  the americans did very little fighting and contributed the 4th amount of troops to the allies , that and pershing was easily the most incompetent general of the allies in the western front . 
  ( i would argue the french and russians played the key role in 1914-16 and later the british as the russians pulled out and elements of the french army became mutinous after constant offensives in terms of actual fighting , you can make an entirely different argument from an economic perspective ) . 
  they did make the germans go on the offensive as they wanted to win the war before americans arrived and that proved disastrous anyway . 
  in the second i do n't think americans can argue they `` saved '' britain as an invasion was never likely however i suppose without the americans d-day would be difficult if not impossible as britain lacked the sufficient man power itself . 
  i do n't understand the historical reference excuse my ignorance . 
   yet you 're speaking our language kek , its our language , you merely simplified a few words . 
  could n't you make this argument about every country as all european countries have an army / militia and a culture . 
  if it were n't for us , you 'd all be speaking french / s, 
  bbc article on this http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-28167071, 
  you are arguing the conservatives want to leave the eu despite last week david cameron going to multiple capitals of europe to gather support for his negotiations in the eu to portray to the british people that the eu is worth staying in . 
  so yes , i feel your argument is wrong, 
  you 're an idiot and a waste of my time . 
  because a reasonable section of the population want it and the conservatives are under pressure from a small group of conservative backbenchers that want out of the eu , because the conservatives only have a small majority its key they keep that group happy or the tory government collapses . 
  my source : https://youtu.be/1ghiykuybb0?t=90, 
  they are not for independence of the eu . 
  this does n't prove anything as it was not your argument . 
  you lost the argument stop trying, 
  you 're an idiot if the think the party line of the conservatives is pro-independence . 
  reminds me of the complex nature of the austria-hungarian railway system prior and during the first world war . 
  they have several different gauges usually one per region which hindered their ability to effectively send troops to the front lines . 
   governing the uk atm support eu independence , and has been elected almost exclusively thanks to england 's votes . 
  no they do n't , the majority of the conservatives support staying in the eu , furthermore the most recent polls say people are in favour of staying therefore your argument is flawed, 
  my point is their are people that support eu independence in those countries so its stupid to just list england, 
  implying that no body in wales , scotland and northern ireland do n't support independence from the eu , which is stupid, 
  google is your friend, 
  thats where the english channel comes into play, 
  it seems like uefa , the english , scottish and irish fa 's have basically denounced him . 
  any other individual football associations such as germany , france , italy and spain said anything ? 
  i believe its basically the only thing you can not be denied if you do not pay your bill in the uk . 
  hopefully uefa boycott russia in 2018 . 
  in fact they could just make an anti-blatter world cup with all those who voted against invited, 
  i mean we 're basically a sinking ship right ... / s, 
  how about north western europe , now everyone is happy, 
  i imagine the likes of mi5 have got some british isis fighters / officers to work for them . 
  it seems probable i suppose, 
  the referendum is a certainly , especially now labour has [ endorsed it . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-32863749 ), 
  agreed, 
  no they did n't . 
  i think every founding father would be considered from the colonial elite . 
  they knew as soon as they got a representatives in parliament that they could no longer complain about taxes . 
  i mean look at john hancock , he was one of the richest in the colonies and became an advocate of american independence as the british began to crack down on smuggling after the seven years war . 
  he would later be a founding father . 
  he was certainly from the colonial elite .
