  they annexed crimea , which has being strategically important for the past 200 or so years  i do n't see how that 's unreasonable when russia is the largest country on earth , with a shitload of land that 's becoming more habitable with global warming . 
  they do n't need to expand . 
  the main objective of nato was to stop russia being able to attack the little guys with impunity like they are doing with ukraine . 
  i know , i get baited easily . 
  although i do regularly speak to americans that genuinely believe they saved britain in ww2 ... 
  i should n't waste my time on them . 
  if anything the mere threat of an invasion benefited britain as it enabled them to rally the population around the war effort . 
  i imagine it was a very powerful propaganda tool for the government, 
  what is the point of defending against a threat that does n't exist . 
  you are talking about a hypothetical invasion by russia of an eu / nato country which would n't happen . 
   britain would not have been able to fight without american assistance in the form of war material and weaponry . 
  so it 's because of america that britain was n't taken by germany . 
  america essentially saved britain from the nazis . 
  the battle of britain happened before substantial military aid from america . 
  after the battle a german invasion was almost impossible as not only did they not have air superiority but lacked the equipment and ships to launch an invasion . 
  the royal navy still dwarfed the german navy . 
  the worst possible result after the bob was an unfavourable peace treaty for britain  they would have lost without america fighting in north africa . 
  face it , germany was superior in ww2 . 
  the turning point of the north african campaign was the second battle of el alamein . 
  this forced the nazis to retreat . 
  this was again , before america even was involved in north africa . 
  in fact one of the only reasons america fought in north africa was to gain experience . 
  american general 's thought fighting in north africa was useless , they wanted to invade france and germany . 
  the british insisted that they fight in north africa and italy first to take italy out of the war and tie down german resources , instead of planning for an invasion of france, 
  the battle of britain saved britain in world war two , not america . 
  the british also fought the italians and germans in north africa successfully with help from its empire , but not america . 
  the us made the invasion of mainland europe possible with more troops but without britain still fighting that would n't have been possible anyway . 
  its a controversial topic that has being made worse because of conflict in africa and the middle east intensifying if you 're interested in further reading http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24521614 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-22757485, 
  are you struggling to read that report, 
  which was n't uncommon in any of the allied countries , women did n't have combat roles in the us or uk but they took up jobs and worked for the military during the war . 
  the soviets were just more desperate for fighters with the nazis closing in on moscow . 
  today russia has a gender gap larger then the vast majority of western european countries http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_gender_gap_report, 
  regardless , you claimed russia to have equality whereas its clear that it does not . 
  in fact its one of the least equal societies in the world . 
   https://publications.credit-suisse.com/tasks/render/file/?fileid=bcdb1364-a105-0560-1332ec9100ff5c83#page=53 in case you struggle doing research yourself http://lmgtfy.com/?q=35%25+of+russian+wealth+owned+by+110+individuals, 
  vice did an interesting series of documentaries on this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omqolxnqabi essentially once a refugee is in an eu country they can not be deported immediately , however spanish authorities have being accused of doing this . 
  they are referred to as `` push backs '' and are illegal under eu law, 
  german research into rocketry was amazing , the advancements that germany had over the allies even britain and united states was amazing . 
  imagine if they had the industrial basis of the us or even britain to put that research into force . 
  imagine if they were able to produce the superior tanks they designed efficiently and fast . 
  the war could have been different . 
  then again their were other expects in technology that the allies led in such as radar which i imagine helped immensely in the battle of britain which was a milestone in the war in europe . 
   and unlike some others they fought back against the nazis instead of turning around spreading their cheeks . 
  only because the nazis broke the non-aggression-pact , they were happy to carve up poland before that . 
   equality 35 % of all the wealth in russia is owned by 110 oligarchs , making it one of the most unequal countries in the world  science and space exploration granted they did contribute to science but so did many other countries , the uk has contributed massively to science over the years just like the us , france and germany have also . 
  space exportation for both the us and the ussr was helped by either nazi research or german scientists after world war two . 
  furthermore did the soviet 's steal intelligence from the us to help it build its first nuclear missile ? 
  i think they just assume that the eu deal would eventually mean entry into nato . 
  russian media often portray nato as a means to contain russia and its influence . 
  that was its foundation but yet decades on russia still sees itself as it against nato . 
  it had an opportunity after the fall of the soviet union to become further integrated in europe and start a clean slate with the us but putin chose a path of hostility like we are still in the cold war . 
  russia had an opportunity to strengthen relations with the eu and us but yet it did n't . 
  i just do n't understand why that 's beneficial . 
  why support rebels in ukraine to spur on nationalist feelings within russia and ruin your economy in doing so . 
  the negatives seem to far outweigh the positives . 
   france and great britain decolonizing would 've been a perfect time for a conflict to erupt . 
  all it would take is one side saying it would n't continue decolonizing and then you have a possible conflict . 
  yeah i mean both fighting in the suez crisis and the korean war a long side each other plus strengthening relations after ww2 and the emergence of a hostile soviet union . 
  just because a situation would be ideal for hostilities does n't mean its going to happen . 
  the uk does n't have an aircraft carrier until the earl 2020 's so it would probably be a good idea if you were argentina to invade the falkland islands again right ? 
  wrong because countries are n't fucking playing some civilization v and trying to conquer the fucking world . 
  there is always reasons to go to war and background behind them . 
  this is n't the fucking 17th century where people go to war because its glorious and advantageous . 
  the french and british were n't decolonizing to appease each other they could n't afford it anymore . 
   and the last 50 years does n't really make up for that huge chunk of history . 
  yes it fucking does , i doubt my grandfather just woke up one morning and was like ... `` y' know what ... 
  i just suddenly despise the french , gets invade '' relationships between countries do n't just suddenly deteriorate for nothing , there is always context and there was nothing to support your argument  the u.s could n't risk western europe fighting each other with the soviet union at its doorsteps . 
  for europe preventing another war with each other was n't the main reason for joining nato nor is it nato 's goal . 
  but for the u.s it served as one of the major reason to join nato and to make sure western europe would n't start fighting each other . 
  again , completely baseless . 
  there was no reason before the formation of nato that any founding members have attacked each other therefore that argument is flawed . 
   the best example of this is france and great britain . 
  they both had a long history of fighting each other and only stopped because of the rise of germany . 
  given france and great britain history with each other can you say with certainly that great britain and france would n't have resume hostilities with each other at some point ? 
  in my opinion , no . 
  why would they resume hostilities you moron the last time they fought was 1815 and they have fought many wars together after that . 
  crimean war , world war one and two . 
  the british and french interests generally aligned and despite their being a certain degree of hatred after the sinking of some french naval ships in ww2 but a part from that i suppose they were glad britain stayed in the war as the liberation of france would be incredibly difficult without them , probably impossible . 
  hardly close to resuming hostilities at any point the latter stages of the 20st century . 
  do you have any understanding of post-ww2 western europe or did you just presume we just started killing each other again whereas there was actually little hostility , especially to the point of a war . 
  like i mentioned the only feasible one would be greece and turkey and they were n't nato members at the foundation so that could n't be the purpose, 
   it was also to keep europe in check and make sure they would n't resume killing each other . 
  no , no it was n't . 
  if anything the eu does role . 
  its completely unrealistic that a nato member would attack another nato member . 
  nato was a deterrent to the soviets and now is a deterrent to russia . 
  the worst relations between two nato members is greece and turkey but they had a scrap before joining, 
   the complete leadership of the public broadcaster would have been fired . 
  surely those who where responsible for the cover up are retired by now . 
  would the cover up have simply continued or did the secrets simply go away when that `` generation '' of employees retired ? 
  france and britain have already have already agreed to further strengthen military ties and cooperation which is a long the right track . 
   building on the lancaster house treaty signed in 2010 , the agreements further the security and prosperity of the 2 nations through commitments to jointly invest in the procurement of defence equipment , the joint training of armed forces and the continued development of the anglo-french combined joint expeditionary force . 
  combined joint expeditionary force : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combined_joint_expeditionary_force source : https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-and-france-agree-closer-defence-co-operation why not just implement something similar across the eu, 
   every country should contribute a minimum percentage of gdp to that military . 
  i mean they do that now in nato , they 'll probably do it for a european army right ? 
  which was made substantially easier with the support of other europeans , arguably their involvement was pivotal . 
  which assumes that the tudors considered themselves british when they were simply english . 
   i wonder , what are you taught at schools . 
  generally it would be in the best french business in 1939 to attack germany while they forces were focused in poland . 
   like you did during wwi with russia , you made an alliance with a country on eastern border of germany to attack them kind of both ways east and west .
