  ww2 was inevitable as versailles was signed - the eastern borders of germany gave german nationalists a call to arms which led to the rise of an assertive germany hell bent on uniting all germans . 
  everyone was given the right to self determination except the central powers after the great war - would the nazis have risen to power without things such as the sudetenland or danzig to spur nationalistic fever - no , they would not . 
  what did you expect from the daily mail ? 
  those who identify as right or left wing simply view news sources which continues to fuel their confirmation bias without looking for alternative opinions or sources - similarly with american news networks there is a good chance that if you identify as right wing you buy the daily mail or the telegraph and if you are left wing you buy the guardian - i principally stick to bbc news , it 's not perfect but i 'd read it and trust it over the respective news sources listed above every day of the week because at least they try to be impartial and show two sides of the argument which allows me to form my own independent opinion on a subject matter, 
  i 'm british so if he asked me to call him jim ill continue to call him james just to piss him off ... 
   however these are largely baseless worries as the missile defence is not capable in stopping a full missile strike from russia . 
  for russia 's perspective they are n't defensive in practice because they prevent russia potentially responding to a nuclear strike , ( at least that 's what i think ) therefore upsetting mad which has kept peace since ww2 . 
  however these are largely baseless worries as the missile defence is not capable in stopping a full missile strike from russia . 
  i do n't think there is a direct threat to nato . 
  the most vulnerable nations to russia are those who are n't in nato and russia sees as its sphere of influence eg ukraine . 
  russia is n't some kind of death cult , they can not beat nato by any metric head one - however they are willing to aggressively enforce their perceived notions of influence in places such as ukraine , georgia and i imagine places such as belarus and transnistria furthermore countries whom they express greater influence in then the west such as syria and iran - russia feels isolated and threatened and instead of improving relations with the west it 's stubbornly clinging onto countries whom it still expresses a decisive influence despite many of them yearning for closer ties to the west . 
  nato exercises are more about reassuring its eastern members . 
  nato have made it apparent - perhaps rightly so , that it is unwilling to challenge russia head on because of the obvious overarching threat of nuclear war in situations that concern non-members and russia in turn is not going to attack a nato member . 
  i think the geopolitical situation could be very different . 
  clearly western relations with russia deteriorated as a result of the war in ukraine however if russia hypothetically did n't support the separatists and fight with them perhaps russia and the west would find itself fighting a common enemy in isis on perhaps more cooperative grounds . 
  certainly events such as the shooting down of the russian jet by turkey were made diplomatically ` viable ' by western deterioration with russia - without that deterioration perhaps turkey would have found itself more isolated in regards to russia . 
  yeah i imagined in the long term it did n't have that much of an impact on ethiopia as the italian control did n't last too long, 
  it was by the italians . . 
  how was poland sold out . . 
  unless your another ridiculous pole whom argues that yalta was a betraying implicating that the uk or us could do anything to prevent it or another argument that brings the phoney war which completely ignores the military context and theory at the time . 
  the british and french made the military alliances with poland to deter germany . 
  they did n't expect them to invade nor did they have the stomach for another long drawn out and costly war - poland was n't sold out and those who argue otherwise ignore the context of the time in favour of hypothetical retrospective scenarios which were n't cemented in reality at the time . 
  the british and french were n't going to attack the westwall when the previous war was the focus of military doctrine and thus defensive warfare was king , nor to could the allies do anything to save poland after yalta as they were substantially outnumbered in europe . 
  the british and french undoubtedly handled the phoney war poorly , but in the context of the time they did n't think poland could hold out for long and they felt the defensive positions in france were more then favourable . 
  that would n't save london nor new york, 
  give this man citizenship , he 's passed . 
  too young for middle school but i never encountered anything like it in secondary school . 
  we had mandatory ethics classes throughout secondary school where we learnt about social issues such as drugs , retribution vs rehabilitation , ageing population etc and occasionally looked at each religions perspective on such things . 
  i remember singing hymns in primary school , thats about the closest thing to ` mandatory worship ' i 've encountered and i went to a non coe school . 
  the muslim arbitration tribunals have the same legal basis as me asking my friend steve to settle and argument between me and my brother - and long as me and my brother both agree to it , it 's fine and non legally binding, 
  in my whole childhood i think i only met one other child who i would describe as a practicing christian . 
  these schools seem few and far between however it does highlight a problem of non-state schools being able to pick their own curriculum - i suppose it boils down to how much freedom private schools should have and that 's an argument i 'm uninformed about . 
  did you downvote me for this lol ? 
  i 'm going to vote remain i was just telling you the brexit counter argument, 
  the brexit counter argument to arguments such as these is the uk 's net contribution to the eu . 
  originally posted by / u/stev1212 on / r/ukpolitics as someone who is inclined to vote remain , i ca n't help but think if daniel hannan was a more prominent speaker in debates and such that we would be voting to leave and perhaps i would vote with them . 
  he makes strong , powerful arguments that are n't cemented in isolation but globalisation . 
  hes a refreshing figure in a leave campaign often associated with the likes of farage , boris or gove ; divisive figures in british politics . 
  [ full debate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uytjgbbjkgo ) [ daniel hannan has been a mep since 1999 for the conversatives . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_hannan ) hes a very interesting figure . 
  he speaks french and spanish , favours decriminalisation of cannabis , has frequently called for more cooperation between ukip and the conservatives and called for fptp to be replaced with [ first transferable vote ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_transferable_vote ) . 
  however more controversially , in an area where the vast majority of brits vehemently disagree with him , he has frequently criticised the nhs ( even on [ fox news ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fisprkq28iu ) where he called on fox news to restore sanity to the health care debate in america ... lol ... sanity and fox news in the same sentence . 
  fox news makes the daily mail look imparial ) . 
  hes very hard to place on the political spectrum . 
  in some areas he is more aligned with the more right wing conversatives and others towards perhaps social liberalism or libertarian . 
  he might . 
  but from what i understand about french politics there is no way he 'll win, 
  the implication is n't that we are n't part of europe , it simply refers to continental europe . 
  if someone was visiting ireland they would n't refer to it as europe for example but they may for france , germany or spain . 
  yeah , hes certainly recognisable . 
  i imagine cameron is comparable to dmitry medvedev in this respect . 
  ( however he did serve as president ) i suppose thats one benefit of our monarch is that we have a consistent individual representing our country which essentially everyone knows globally . 
  in europe ? 
  more then 1 % certainly do and well , everyone knows our head of state . 
  we already have an alliance with the us and the eu is negotiating a trade agreement with them . . 
  most countries have a reserve force for their armed forces which is essentially already a militia . 
  prior to the haldane and esher reforms the british used the yeomanry , which was essentially militia but they got formed into the army reserve . 
  mainly messengers , couriers and scouts as you stated . 
  bicycles were useful to mobilise infantry prior to mechanised warfare however they were made redundant due to the trench system for that manner , however the japanese used them extensively in the second world war in places such as singapore, 
  i 'd say prices are pretty good in the uk . 
  the big 4 are always in a pricing war with one another and they were pressured to lower their prices further due to the loss of market share to the german discounters however they still have a combined market share of around 70 % and the pricing differences between them are fairly minute honestly , nobody has brand loyalty towards the big 4 its just which is closer really however if you want cheaper prices you go to aldi and lidl and if you want quality you go to somewhere like waitroses, 
  ah , due to their wide expansion across europe i imagined they must be somewhat dominant in germany . 
  similarly in the uk i imagine they have around 10 % of the market share , however its being growing since the financial crisis at the expense of the ` big 4 ', 
  does lidl and aldi have the biggest market share in germany ? 
  i agree with / u/lion _ lxiv here , the german intention was to gain access to the english channel and the north sea however this was prevented , therefore the principle german aim failed , whereas the british aim of maintaining the blockade was upheld . 
  i 've heard some argue that it was a pyrrhic victory for the british however i do n't think the british losses were that substantial in the context of the entire royal navy, 
  from what i understand about the battle of jutland the british suffered a disproportionate amount of casualties in comparison to their german counterparts as they used their battlecrusiers ( ships with battleship guns without the armour and therefore much faster ) as you would a traditional battleship , however i believe the germans retreated as they did n't want to face the grand fleet in a potentially decisive battle - therefore it was a strategic victory for the british as the blockade was maintained and when the germans proposed a similar action in 1918 the sailors thought it was a suicide mission and mutinied believing the war was pretty much over . 
  i believe it was popularised not invented in the boer war, 
  no we did n't , the americans and the spanish used them prior to us . 
  plus , the nazis deployment of ` concentration camps ' were either death camps or camps where you worked until you died whereas prior it was a method of containment for the us , spanish and british, 
  you realise that the us has small economic ties with russia and therefore it 's sanctions are largely symbolic ? 
  the eu sanctions bite, 
   yeah . 
  but 24x 2l bottle that 's 48l ; ie enough vodka to keep a 12 crew tispy for a 2 weeks . 
  rofl would 4 litres of vodka keep a person tipsy for two weeks ? 
  i do n't think it would me but i suppose when i drink vodka i never stay ` tipsy ' for long, 
  nope , id is n't mandatory in the uk which is the main argument about requiring it to vote, 
  you register to vote at a certain polling station then walk in tell them your name and address and then you can vote, 
  we have n't taken any provisions for its impact in any aspect nor do i see what provision the uk / irish governments can take to ensure the border stays open as it 'll probably be depending on the uk-eu negotiations concerning free trade and stuff if we leave the eu . 
  our two countries have always had a certain degree of free movement since the republic became independent however it is not just a measure that concerns the anglo-irish governments anymore and therefore making provisions could be interpreted as a lack of foresight or not, 
  100 % , do i become like a lord or something now ? 
  we sold them cluster bombs prior to them been illegal , we are hardly responsible for how someone chooses to use something 30 years after purchase, 
  there is going to a negative economic impact if we leave , which is un-disputable , simply because people do n't like uncertainty . 
  apparently is common practice for the uk to invite both presidential nominees to the uk which seems feasible , i remember romney making a fool of himself, 
  or because they had a referendum whereas the catalonians are being denied one . 
  or , y' know , the u.k. ? 
  i do n't mind the area i live in personally but i 'd agree , overall bradford is shit and generally people go to leeds for just about better alternatives of everything - apart from curries, 
  ah , shit did n't realise, 
  this is their first mayor, 
  this conspiracy theory completely ignores the political landscape of the uk and is completely unfeasible . 
  if leave won the referendum and the uk did n't leave under cameron then at least half his party would n't back him in a vote of no confidence and the government will fall, 
  would nca be classed as a internal intelligence service ? 
  anything that refers to the entirety of the uk as england basically . 
  `` scotland is part of england '' or `` queen of england '' ( england has n't been a kingdom since 1707 , that 's why we 're called the united kingdom not the united kingdoms ) . 
  `` sharia no go zones '' in birmingham and london is a personal trigger of mine , yes , there are areas where i would be hesitant to walk alone at night in , but that 's i 'm fearful of muggings not being attacked for not obeying sharia , and i live in one of the cities with the highest percentage of muslims in the county . 
  not sure if this is even an issue in the uk , perhaps the highlands ? 
  people are told to drive differently and more cautiously in ` wintery ' conditions but i imagine this is no different to the countries that have mandatory winter tires, 
  i 'd rather have cameron then may , osborne or boris which since i do n't think labour will win the next general election one of them will most likely be the next pm, 
  but you can have it both ways right . 
  you could say without the soviets fighting the vast majority of german troops an invasion of western europe would be impossible .
