  similarly britain was the basis of allied operations in the west , north africa and varying degrees in italy while principally being responsible for transporting goods and resources across the atlantic and the artic for both the soviets snd the allies . 
  the three principle powers of the allies were integral to each other 's success as the removal of one removes major contributions of another . 
  the russians would have struggled without american supplied goods transported by the royal navy for example , britain would have never been able to launch a lone invasion of france and therefore leaving w europe open to soviet influence etc, 
  the uk does not take the eurovision seriously what so ever which is reflected in our choice of performer every year, 
  i very much doubt this would happen . 
  deporting that many people would cause an economic shock and may be met with a similar response to the eu when most brits aboard for extended periods of time are pensioners, 
  it applies to people trying to a certain work visa and always had , the government just started being more stringent and deporting those who no longer met the conditions of being here , also not entirely unreasonable given that 35k is generally the income where you start giving more to the system then taking out, 
  how did you infer that ? 
  the money and resources they gave to the entente powers were n't free and greatly enhanced the american economy into an economic boom lasting four years and much more . 
  it was n't charity and it did greatly benefit them ... how in any way do you infer me calling them corrupt and greedy from that, 
  how am i claiming they had some kind of interior motive ? 
  i simply stated that they benefited economically . 
  i did n't say it was their only means of success either but it was their principle contribution to the war . 
  angus himself called them educated guesses and it does n't include colonial empires ... what more do you need to refute that source for a direct comparison between economies . 
  the argument that the us benefited greatly from the war is well substantiated and hard to argue against yet you are persisting to argue otherwise against countless historians, 
  yes the economist cites angus maddison who himself called his statistics a ` mere conjecture ' . 
  furthermore the statistics do n't include the french and britain colonial empires which makes a direct comparison futile . 
  / u/nico2845 cited an article which cites historian and you 've cited someone who sources from wikipedia, 
  fairly accurate on pershing i 'd say, 
  mhm . 
  when i was studying history it was incredibly difficult to find reliable gdp statistics to compare countries with during this period and prior . 
  however , even presuming what you are saying is correct , that does n't mean they us could n't benefit and nor does it refute anything i said . 
  when did they go in recession ? 
  because if it was immediately after the war that was because the fall off of demand for resources and such . 
  between 1914 and 1918 the us was in a constant state of economic boom and a greatly enhanced arms industry . 
  the us also became a net debtor - playing a role that the now weakened british empire used to play , especially in south america . 
  furthermore , new york now rivalled london as the foremost financial capital of the world as the british economy was weakened . 
  while the likes of britain and france experienced economic damage that have a lasting impact on their vast empires , the us prospered . 
  this was not a position original to the us however , spain also benefited hugely from the war as they too enjoyed a greatly enhanced arms industry . 
  however if you are arguing that the us somehow did not benefit economically then that argument is quite weak . 
  the us undoubtedly benefited economically and much of the us recovery after the great depression was influenced by us economic policy during the great war, 
  the production and food exports undoubtedly were important but it 's important not to portray it as some kind of charity - the us benefited massively economically from the war which would happen regardless if they intervened or not . 
  in terms of the us joining the war itself id say their biggest military contribution was the spring offensive , basically the germans launched an offensive as once fresh us troops would arrive winning a war of attrition would be impossible . 
  the offensive although gained substantial ground demoralised , overstretched and left disproportionate casualties on the best german troops so they were highly susceptible a counterattack - a counter attack called the hundred days offensive which would end the war . 
  however , regardless of any of this the british blockade could 've likely proved decisive even if the spring offensive did n't happen . 
  i think you can make incredibly irrefutable arguments for the uk , france and russia being on the allies instead of the americans and a fairly substantiated argument for italy . 
  i 'm not sure if any other videos have been released of the game but all the desert based footage on the game was very lawrence of arabia-esc . 
  supposedly the game takes place in 1918 so perhaps no gallipoli but that 's just speculation, 
  fair argument , from what i 've seen so far it seems that it 'll be us/uk on the western front , italy and austria-hungary fighting and then the british fighting the ottomans . 
  however i do n't think the italians nor the austro-hungarians were shown in the trailer so i imagine their is still a chance france is in the game . 
  it is a wiki which anyone can edit , furthermore supposedly the game takes place in 1918 so the exclusion of russia could be warranted however the exclusion of france makes no sense and clearly the only reason for their possible exclusion is one of marketing and sales did france contribute more in wwi then the us ? 
  undoubtedly , but a lot more americans will play this game then frenchmen, 
  it 's quite strange . 
  coffee is still incredibly popular in the uk , but tea is a staple in nearly every household, 
  and in turn massive amounts of resources , capital and manpower are drained from the rest of the country to london . 
  london is just as dependent on the rest of country as the rest of the country depends on london . 
   i mean , the league of nations , also designed to stop war in a very similar way to nato , did n't really do much at all . 
  the countries themselves were too nationalist , and fought among themselves , refused to sanction each other etc. 
  i do n't understand why you 're comparing the lon to nato , when the league has a direct successor , the un . 
  i do n't think europe has been anything quite like nato before , i think the best comparison would be the pre-great war superbloc of alliances which again , would be a disingenuous comparison given nuclear weapons are a thing . 
   the eu came about as a way to ensure that war was cost inefficient ( low trade barriers + eventually proper freedom of movement ) as well helping people see eye-to-eye by integrating more . 
  european trade is n't a new phenomenon . 
  when tariffs were increased or enacted previously it largely was n't down to a determination in relations but an economic downturn which led to countries adopting protectionist economic policy . 
  the eu integrated more as a means of furthering its principle goal , a trade bloc . 
   given how well the league of nations turned out , i 'm more willing to believe the eu helped more than nato in preventing war . 
  plus , nato is mostly meant to be used against external parties , basically combining forces for a large army to act as a deterrent against external attacks ( like a soviet attack ) nato was the principle reason war did n't break out in europe during the cold war , y' know when europe looked like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2a/iron_curtain_map.svg/645px-iron_curtain_map.svg.png ) . 
  the soviet union nor its puppet states was not an external party in the context of europe . 
  they too were european . 
  just as nato protected and unified western europe and north america against a greater threat until 1991 . 
  nato today prevents member states being dragged back into the russian sphere of influence . 
  neither france nor west germany had any reason to do to war with one another after ww2 as they had a greater threat and common ground regardless of the previous iterations of the eu which if anything simply strengthened those . 
  the eu definitely helped improve relations between countries but i 've never heard a compelling argument that the eu and its former iterations were responsible for peace in europe . 
  that was nato and continues to be nato . 
  pretty poor sensationalised headline . 
  ill trust the bbc over politico everyday of the week, 
  he basically said that when the uk retreats into isolationism it always gets drawn back into europe . 
  i do n't understand when the remain campaigners pull shit like this when their economic argument is a strong one . 
  cambridge has been ahead of oxford in rankings for as long as i can remember ... 
  the spanish boat was a tiny patrol boat also so they fired flares along its bow . 
  pretty ridiculous to actually fire like bullets at such a tiny boat, 
  russia would never openly fight in ukraine . 
  it can not deploy its airforce for obvious reasons and is therefore confined to artillery and tanks . 
  the equipment the us and the uk provide allow them to be a step ahead of the separatists ; notably in night vision - the non lethal equipment they provide has a significant impact . 
  they do n't want to provide lethal aid because it 's largely incompatible with ukrainian military stock which is soviet . 
  further , western weapons killing russian troops will be akin to s cold war proxy conflict in all but name . 
  russia 's presence in ukraine has to be confined and limited . 
  it ca n't just steamroll it . 
  minsk was wholly unrealistic and constantly fails . 
  the uks and us approach is more pragmatic and realistic and will remain so for the foreseeable future . 
  minsk came way too soon and is therefore unrealistic . 
  it at most helped stimulate the current statement but it principally fails in its aims and was never cemented in reality . 
  considering russia 's concurrent direct role in ukraine despite it directly being a signature to the treaty shows that it carries little weight, 
  fine way to avoid the rest of the comment buddy boris suggested this before the americans ... 
  culture and geopolitical aims are very different things but on that subject , the ruling class in saudi arabia are actually comparatively liberal to the rest of the country . 
  the royal family requires senior religious figures support but in turn they act as a check on their influence . 
  russia is certainly openly hostile to the eu . 
  support for the eu was the main reason the ukrainians revolted against their pro russian leader and russia invaded the east . 
  oh and you mean the minsk agreement that wholly failed in both forms and continues to fail every day ? 
  big success . 
  in the meantime english speaking nato countries are training and arming the ukrainians with non lethal equipment ; proving much more useful then an agreement that is being blatantly ignored by both sides . 
  oh the typical muh us puppet , not even going to address that point . 
  for a country supposedly so irrelevant you spend so much of your time posting and commenting about it do n't you, 
  saudi arabia is n't going against the west 's geopolitical aims , russia belligerently is . 
  you 've gone from ` no one cares ' to appeasement of s hostile power which is a threat to the eu and nato, 
  this was concerning russia ; hardly an emerging power but a once super power with a meagre economy, 
  vetoed by germany and italy which are dependent on russian gas . 
  germany inferred it wants further investigation , italy inferred it does n't really care . 
  so 3 other nations back the us-uk plan , one kind of cared and one does n't care . 
  germany and italy just significantly weakened the west 's hand when the us fm goes to moscow later this week, 
  i wonder what my home county , yorkshire , has .
