   we mostly turn a blind eye to isis fighters crossing syria because they are also fight against assad regime , ypg and some other islamist rebel groups that we do n't like them to have too much power over syria 's future . 
  thats the problem you talk about the assad regime and ypg like they are a greater evil when there is no such enemy as barbaric as isis . 
  would you prefer isis over the ypg or assad ? 
   europe does this too . 
  how jihadis from europe can fly to countries around syria so easily with intelligence agencies like yours ? 
  because a lot of the people that go to join isis are manipulated teens or young adults not exactly an easy target for the police / intelligence agencies, 
  i did n't say they supported isis , but they certainly do n't support the kurd 's who have being a competent opposition to isis . 
  the iraqi army has failed to fight cohesively defeat them and is dependent on shia militias in retaking isis territory . 
  eu and the us have backed the kurds in iraq as they are competent fighters and have proved they can effectively defeat isis however turkey is hesitant to do this fearing long term repercussions, 
  status quo ante bellum basically means the state existing prior to war . 
  so essentially all territory returns to its owners prior to the outbreak of war . 
  the turkish government has made questionable decisions concerning isis . 
  it seems that to a certain extent they would rather have isis holding territory on its border then the kurdish . 
  the turkish border is crucial to isis as they get supplies and foreign fighters crossing into syria from it . 
  as well as this many of the oil isis has from captured oil fields is being smuggled into turkey . 
  patrick cockburn , a well established irish journalist who specialises in foreign affairs particularly in iraq and the middle east as a whole has been critical of the turkish government questioning [ whose side is turkey on ? 
  ] ( http://www.lrb.co.uk/v36/n21/patrick-cockburn/whose-side-is-turkey-on ) that being said their management of civilians and taking in so many refugees is commendable . 
  amazing how he covered the napoleonic wars in 4 minutes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujo3pkdemy4&amp;index=18, 
  seems unclear . 
  it would be a status quo ante bellum right if the british gave new amsterdam back to the netherlands but they did n't . 
  not good for the british economy as has been demonstrated in the last few days by the [ ftse 100 . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jolfheh.png ) it is that its lowest point this quarter . 
  in fact , pretty much all european indexes look bad http://i.imgur.com/nn4hd2y.png, 
   but just like in the us the uk has two big parties essentially taking turns ruling . 
  even if he had pr a coalition would depend on either labour or the conservatives so they would still be the two main parties in the uk regardless of voting system . 
   it 's one thing to take out your own journalists , but killing an american crew is beyond idiotic . 
  if anything , we might see them deported , but that 's about it . 
  they were briefly detained and mentioned that the only reason they think they were saved is because the crew had american and british passports https://youtu.be/edbegwxgoqi?list=plw613m86o5o5zqf6wjr8zuc7uwyv76h7r&amp;t=539, 
  vice has had consistently great content on the ukrainian crisis , i 've watched all the russian roulette series which is 100 + at this point . 
  the guy who made this video was briefly beaten and imprisoned by the separatists a few months ago in what looked like a fear tactic , he 's quite brave to go back constantly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqgrjn4radk&amp;index=82, 
  how is this censorship ? 
  the government gave him information to portray snowden in a negative light . 
  it 's propaganda not censorship, 
   examine the number of wars in europe in the 1000 years before the ` eu '  now examine the number of wars since i do n't think its right to give the eu credit for that, 
  its very different , jaguar land rover is a subsidiary of tata motors when they were previously owned by ford they were n't classed as american . 
  furthermore jaguar land rover already had a foundation , production , employment and hq within the uk , it was a viable business independently whereas skype was very different . 
  it was partially developed by estonian 's but also other nationals including a swede and a dane but is currently financed , based and maintained by an american company , microsoft whereas jaguar land rover always had its foundation in the uk . 
  a business or product is not situated in the country where the concept came from but the country in which it is based and pays its taxes and for jaguar land dover that is the uk and for skype that is america . 
   rich get richer by stealing the brains from poorer countries . 
  yeah , its called globalisation . 
  they expanded very well across the main markets in europe . 
  i suppose the nature of their business makes it much easier in comparison to something that is physical, 
  but it was made possible by capital provided by people in other countries . 
  i can have a brilliant idea for a product but i need money to put it into practice . 
  there are already in mainland europe , despite this they want to cross the english channel to the uk , language i guess ? 
  well did n't she live under stasi ? 
   horrible parents can become quite inventive when it comes to torturing their own children . 
  like electroshocks . 
  well that would be child abuse and if a parent was so harsh to do that i think they 'd do it regardless of a law anyway, 
  in the uk the use of corporal punishment at home is quite vague it is `` spanking or smacking is legal , but it must not leave a mark on the body '' so parents can hit their children , but not hard essentially . 
  i believe in scotland it is totally illegal . 
  edit : the legislation in scotland mirrors the one of the uk government . 
  i think the enemy who someone in a given country is most likely to fight is important . 
  for example in the uk it would probably be some middle eastern war that poses no threat to the uk whereas if you look at an israel there is a threat to your country that is very real be it iran , hezbollah or hamas, 
  even when it comes to wars they try to teach them from a neutral perspective instead of a british one . 
  the exception being ww2 as its hard not to paint that as a good vs evil given some of the horrible atrocities the nazis committed . 
  it was different for me when we did ww2 in i think year 9 i can explicitly remember my history teacher mentioning the firebombing of dresden and that the raf killed more civilians in germany then the luftwaffe did in britain . 
  but that said i 've always being interested in history so everything i learned i knew at least something about and in some cases knew more then i have ever being taught about it such as ww2, 
  nope . 
  unless by jingoistic you mean slave trade , romans , english civil war , hundred years war and the `` slaughter '' of the somme , norman invasion ... that was pretty much gcse history for me . 
  you sometimes look at the strategy of some battles such as agincourt and waterloo . 
  a-level was more about the causes and implications of war not exactly the things that incite jingoism . 
  that said it really depends what exam board you have . 
  for example at as level i did one unit of the american revolution and the slave trade an another on the impacts of war from the crimean , boer and first world war, 
  depends really , on the vote on gay marriage the tories were split 50/50 so some are progressive , some are n't . 
  us can not into invade self, 
  uk 37 % should not 49 % should . 
  quite drastic in comparison to france and italy . 
  the uk public opinion is more comparable to poland 's if anything . 
  i very much doubt that . 
  french and british military 's have acted independently from the us previously and it worked out fine such as the falklands which was a massive logistical task . 
  i don ; t think they struggled with the air defence, 
  the equipment of european military 's such as the french and british are on par if not better then their russian counterparts, 
  i mean the eu is capable of defending itself because however you look at it the combined military of the eu is bigger and more well funded then the russian military but eu countries have no aspirations to increase military funding with the us bases in europe, 
  [ both france and italy are also reluctant to help nato allies , not just the germans ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2015/06/russia-ukraine-report-46.png ) [ source ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/ ) the headline only refers to the germans despite the majority of the french and italian public sharing the same opinion . 
  arguably the french public opinion is more scary as they have the 2nd or 1st most powerful military in the eu . 
  yes , civilians were killed during the invasion of belgium however the key difference is combatants and civilians were still different . 
  whereas in ww2 it became less defined and a lot more civilians died in ww2 then ww1, 
  greece  uk  france  vatican  germany, 
  there was the london naval treaty and the washington naval treaty . 
  i believe there was one more but the name escapes me . 
  even in the interwar period when various naval treaties were signed between primarily the uk , us , france , germany and japan the royal navy still tried to ban submarines . 
  they simply did n't like them , however various admirals did recognise the potential power of submarines . 
  indeed , however some historians however argue that ww1 was still an example of gentlemen 's warfare as the public was not directly impacted that much . 
  there was some examples of civilians being killed during ww1 such as the zeppelin bombings and towns under siege such as verdun , a part from that the vast majority of those who died were combatants . 
  however i suppose this can be countered by the use of new weapons such as tanks , machine guns , flame throwers and gas which were just devastatingly horrible . 
  gentlemen 's warfare does not refer to the soldiers fighting but the conduct of european armies . 
  civilians were mostly left alone by the british in the napoleonic wars and using tactics such as ambushing was looked down upon . 
  armies simply met in a field and shot each other until one had enough , in contrast to ww2 where the civilian population was seen as a legitimate target and military 's development increasingly inhumane and indecriminate ways of killing, 
  the perspective of war prior to ww1 was very different in europe , not just the british but the french , german , russians etc were jingoistic and nationalistic . 
  people genuinely viewed war as beneficial and honourable . 
  it was something that defined nations . 
  warfare prior to the boer war and the reforms that came after it was very much gentlemen warfare for the british . 
  i find it interesting looking at the social impacts of the two world wars and how its changed many european countries views on war and the implications of it . 
  downing street denied this . 
  there are now a group of around 50 anti-eu conservatives rallying together , they now hold the balance of power in the commons really . 
  if cameron was to sack any of those mp 's and the others rebel his government will most likely fail . 
  cameron has his hands full this term , he has to appease the ant-eu conservatives to a certain extent well still arguing that britain should stay in the eu as well as having to deal with other big topics such as the replacement of trident and how britain is going to conduct foreign policy in the future . 
  i did n't see that coming / s, 
  but it would n't have just occurred in europe,
