  the germans had conquered his country . 
  he had no real foothold anywhere . 
  never mind ; he defied all . 
  - winston churchill he was fearful of british entry into the eec principally because he wanted it to be a french dominated organisation and did n't want anglo and american interests overshadowing those of france in europe . 
  the united kingdom of south , north , west and north west england, 
  we are certainly not anti american by any comparison to such countries . 
  the u.k. views the us similarly to other eu countries and perhaps more warmly . 
  people are critical of the us from its culture , politics and policy but so are most countries in the western world . 
  the crux of it is people simply do n't like people intervening in a domestic issue who possess influence . 
  leave will view his intervention with hostility whereas remain will view it with cautious optimism . 
  never the less i do n't think his intervention will be decisive and therefore it 's questionable if he should even bother, 
   the biggest tax evasion countries are the uk ( because of overseas territories , crown dependencies etc. ), 
  well it certainly does for the purpose of your point . 
  how can the uk be the biggest tax evader when the overseas territories and crown dependencies are n't part of the uk, 
  they are n't part of the uk, 
  they facilitate tax evasion for sure . 
  they are just the biggest at it . 
  you could easily find similar operations in ny , frankfurt or paris, 
  he wo n't resign because there is n't enough pressure . 
  i did n't say i expect them to . 
  i said if they wanted to democratically without britain being expected to as well - i would not be opposed . 
  further federalisation will be massively opposed in every eu country , not just the uk . 
  the eurozone clearly needs to integrate further to remain viable yet it has wide spread opposition . 
  i think a functional united states of europe is simply a federalists dream and is by no means cemented in reality . 
  i 'd like to be in the single market without giving up sovereignty , sure , but they are mutually exclusive . 
  like i said before , the eu is not perfect . 
  i want it to change . 
  but i want it to change under our influence while we benefit economically from the single market and are excluded from further political integration . 
  i do n't want to change that . 
  as far as i 'm concerned they can federalise as much as they want if they do it democratically and britain , if the majority of the electorate wish , is excluded . 
  as david cameron secured . 
  the eu as we know it is completely unrecognisable from the one we joined in 1975 . 
  it has consistently reformed itself for the better or worse . 
  i do n't think its unreasonable to push for reforms . 
  david cameron was able to secure be it minor reforms for the uk and many of the uk positions in the eu , such as pushing for further ez integration without involving the uk are becoming a reality . 
  i actually find myself agreeing with corbyn . 
  the eu is n't perfect , far from it . 
  but remaining , gaining the economic benefits of the single market while pushing for reform is the position i would take . 
  i 'll give weight to the economic argument for remaining but you 'd be hard pushed to argue migration would n't be lower given that the uk right now can not prevent eu citizens immigrating , a block excluding the uk of what 400 million ? 
  the eu failing economically would fuck the entire global economy never mind just britain, 
  which assumes the uk is the only obstacle to such measures which it is n't . 
  you 'd be hard pressed in any eu country to press further measures , particularly the netherlands , sweden , denmark and the eastern european countries, 
  why did you take his comment seriously when it was clearly a joke . 
  the canadian view is reasonable . 
  the romanians are essentially saying treat us like other eu nationals whereas canada position is basically that if we treat romania equally we will have to treat other nationalities similarly as well . 
  i can sympathise with both sides here, 
  what country does n't have libel laws in the western world, 
  i follow uk wide politics closely but i 'm generally uninterested in the members of the eu parliament . 
  people generally vote for the same party that they did at the ge and the only ` household ' name of an mep is nigel farage . 
  i 'm still more inclined to vote remain in the referendum . 
  but thats primarily because i give more weight to the economic argument then the sovereignty argument , but thats principally because when i graduate i do n't want economic uncertainly presiding over my life for several years . 
  that and the sovereignty argument which the leave campaign portrays seems to be that we have minimal influence over the inner workings of the eu but really its mutual . 
  can a german whom was not elected by the british electorate influence the uk through the eu , sure , but it works both ways . 
  brings a patriot tear to my eye . 
  / s mind you , i have no idea who any of these two people are but that is just the european parliament i suppose . 
  no thanks . 
  also somewhat patronizing . 
  if remain loses by 0.01 % i 'll blame this german women, 
  ca n't tell if that was an intention historical reference or not, 
  the money cameron was gifted is common practice and he paid uk taxes on all profits from blairmore holdings , he has essentially done nothing wrong people are over blowing this because mur evil tories, 
  considering this was probably planned to be spent in one attack it is quite a lot of ammunition, 
   that 's why i like flying it . 
  my car has an english flag magnet on it . 
  partly because they 're ( flags in general ) pretty , partly because i 'm a bit of a kook , but also because i want to give the impression of ` hey , i 'm proud of who i am and that does n't mean i have disdain for non-whites or anything ' . 
  i 'd say i 'm quite proud of my heritage , my country on a whole etc. 
  that does n't make me racist or nationalistic nor does it mean that i ignore some of the bad things that my country has done . 
  nevertheless i do n't think i 'd ever fly a flag outside of my house or anything like that but i have minor things with the union flag like cushions etc but i suppose i see them more as decorative rather then symbolic . 
  the union flag a good looking flag . 
  perhaps its use by far right groups has influenced that decision , or perhaps it had no influence at all i do n't really know . 
   i 'm not a rabid patriot or a nationalist of any means , i just object to the way the flag has been appropriated by thug groups like the edl to act like it is a standard for racism and white power that some edl members preach . 
  i agree , the use of the flags by those who hold extremist views taint there use . 
  this is fairly common , if you look at any far-right protest in the western world national flags are abundant . 
  no , they ca n't be banned but its seen as tacky outside of international sporting events and people would certainly assume you align yourself with the right of the political spectrum due to there use by extremist groups [ this thread seems to some up some peoples opinions of it quite nicely . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4880qt/british_is_it_true_that_it_is_considered_socially/ ), 
  it would be the same if you flew the union flag . 
  / u/synclaire94 is right in that regard  or some reason the english flag has connotations of spooky patriotism and racism and the only acceptable time to fly it is at sporting events perhaps it is different for the other countries in the uk . 
  i imagine flags is northern ireland are un-escapable and perhaps it is more acceptable in scotland and wales as they might like to think of themselves of something other then british in comparison to your average englishmen but this is of course speculation . 
  if you fly a flag when a sporting event is n't on its kind of seen as weird . . like ` why are they doing that ' . 
  sometimes you see businesses flying flags , and government buildings of course but to see them on houses is only common around olympics / world cup / euros etc. 
   just last week i read some person from the uk wrote that `` black people in the us are mass rioting every week ! '', 
  really ? 
  he get ill informed us politicians saying we have no go zones that practice sharia law every other week, 
  i ca n't believe i 'm arguing with you . 
  in the context of this argument between those from syria/iraq and those not , those not are the greater number . 
  majority  [ the greater part or number ; the number larger than half the total ( opposed to minority ) ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/majority ), 
  are you aware what majority means ? 
  just because syria is the biggest country of origin of refugees , does n't mean the majority of refugees are from iraq or syria . 
   ccording to the united nations high commissioner for refugees , the top three nationalities of the over one million mediterranean sea arrivals in 2015 were syrian ( 49 % ) , afghan ( 21 % ) and iraqi ( 8 % ) . 
  that only takes into account those crossing from the mediterranean , whereas most cross the aegean sea and a sizeable portion do n't cross any sea , they come from the balkans . 
  [ even your linked wikipedia article proves my point . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#/media/file:map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015.png ) . 
  it could also be said that taking some of the most vulnerable from un refugee camps rather then the most able bodied is more ` christian ' . 
  furthermore , most of the ` refugees ' are n't even from iraq or syria, 
  not only is their current military dwarfed by the eu . 
  but as you said the industrial and economic power of the eu alone would ensure that it handily wins any drawn out conflict with russia, 
  the biggest threat to the eu is russia and the idea that they could successfully invade the collective eu is ludicrous . 
  people overestimate the power and influence of russia . 
  particularly when they are so dependent on eu imports and exports and natural resources , what the world is trying to distance themselves from . 
  the biggest protection the us offers the eu is missile defence however military bases are just a means of projecting power and logistics . 
  that does n't necessarily mean he was killed because he posted something on twitter,
