  if that would 've been the case surely the troubles would 've been article 5 or the red army faction , basque country and freedom group etc. 
  article 5 did n't enable you to go after bin laden , it is n't international law . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  do you understand what my point means because its not complicated to understand . 
   also do you think germany/france will just let you get in easy with the real possibility of them getting a big piece of you financial sector ? 
  london handled 36.7 % of all global transactions in 2009 . 
  the biggest competitors to that are the ny and hong kong . 
  london been such a big banking sector is probably one of the reasons why the eu would want a trade agreement , not a reason why it would n't as no other eu city is really a competitor , and you 'd think there would have to be for there to suddenly be a new eu city taking over london 's banking in the event of the uk leaving . 
  london is consistently considered the first or second biggest financial center in the world since the 19th century . 
  in fact , zurich is probably the second biggest banking city in europe , and they are n't even in the eu . 
  lol , fuck you . 
  contrary to popular belief on this subreddit the eu is n't some perfect utopia and there are many problems with it , which the uk complains about . 
  many people in this country can not see if we get more out of it then we put in , it is n't a win win situation like it is for poland and other eastern european countries . 
  yes , the uk can . 
  this is a stupid argument and right now i 'd still vote to stay in . 
  but the idea that we somehow ca n't get a trade agreement with the eu is ludicrous and fear mongering, 
  [ read what its spent on yourself , our government is pretty transparent about things like this ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/458717/dfid_syria_crisis_response_summary__2015.09.04_.pdf ), 
  not in an administrative sense you fucking idiot . 
  a comparison i never made . 
  a spec in comparison to the us 's , the cpa and paul bremer and his stupid decisions answered to the white house , not downing street . 
  granted the uk is partially responsible for that mess , but that responsibility is hugely dwarfed by the impact of the us in iraq , putting the actual invasion itself aside ( which is controversial enough ) the us led post invasion management of iraq created a power keg ready that would 've always exploded . 
  the us indirectly helped isis become this powerful with its stupid political decisions in iraq , so you definitely should be invested . 
  do n't act like the us is simply giving aid as an act good will and as an act of charity because the us is partially responsible for this mess and the us would benefit from a stable middle east , just like europe would . 
   the united states remains the single-largest donor of humanitarian aid for those affected by syria crisis of course it does , it has 4x the population of the next most populous western country , germany . 
  a better comparison of how much a country has donated is by what percentage of their gross national income they spend on foreign aid which the us does n't spend much in comparison to many countries . 
   why do n't the uk intervenes in eritrea ? 
  there is n't a civil war , just a dictatorship which are in abundance in our world . 
   but he certainly does have more clout then you at the very least i did n't say he did n't and i do n't see myself as pro-eu or anti-eu yet regardless . 
  its seems like they typically use the nhs as an example of an organisation that could receive extra funding if we left the eu as that is n't something i 'd imagine a lot of people would n't oppose so its highly relate able for most people . 
  oh was that one individual the representative of the entire anti-eu movement in the uk ? 
  but he did draw up a popular opinion that many eurospectics like that is `` why should we make spending cuts at home but still be sending money to brussels 's ? 
  if we left the eu we could spend that money on things like social security , military and health '', 
  i hate when people use this argument , nobody in their right minds thinks modern day germans should be criticised for ww2 yet its seemingly okay to feel guilty for some horrible things my country did decades , if not hundreds of years ago when every major european power at the time engaged in similar if not identical activities . 
  i really enjoy learning and reading history and learning about the good and the bad that the british and the empire did in the last few centuries but i 've never felt guilty for actions committed during those times as i had no part in them just like the overwhelming majority of brit 's alive today . 
  was the bengal famine horrible or the irish famine horrible ? 
  sure . 
  but i nor the overwhelmingly vast majority alive did anything to cause this . 
  i should n't , nor anyone that was n't alive during the horrible actions committed in the name of britain should feel guilty when i as an individual can only influence the present and the future , not the past . 
   were n't those in favor of the uk exit saying that the country ca n't afford the annual fees for eu membership ? 
  the argument what people who are pro independence use is that the money could be better spent elsewhere , not that we can not afford it . 
  the uk is just below norway , sweden luxembourg and denmark by per capita and makes up 21 % of the total eu spending on foreign aid despite only making up 12 % of its population . 
  austria threatened to block the uk 's eu negotiation of eu membership on the basis that it did n't take in enough refugees . 
  he is referring to that . 
  nope , its the most trusted source of media in the uk, 
  welfare , jobs and are welcomed with open arms most likely , i imagine if the uk had an every refugee that wants in , gets in policy we 'd also have 10,000 's if not 100,000 's coming . 
  the photo posted on twitter of the russian jets is from the al-nusra front and they have links to al-qaeda and have also formed alliances with islamic state in some areas of syria as there ideology is fairly similar , so if russia is fighting this rebel group , i wish them the best of luck . 
  lol . 
  that 's the stupidest comment on this entire thread, 
  yes we can . 
  because if we leave we 'll almost certainly have a free trade agreement as its on both the eu 's and britains interest, 
  i 'm sorry to hear that , but given that demographics religious believes i 'm not surprised unfortunately . 
  thats obviously hard to prove and considering i can infer that you live in bradford you are obviously more likely to encounter homophobic remarks in the city you spend the most time in . 
   its a place full of sanctimonious judgemental twats who harass people who are gay ( at least that 's what happened to me ) i know gay people who have not been abused in bradford , but i imagine if you search around in any city you 'll get homophobic arseholes its not exactly a `` bradford thing '' that some people are ignorant . 
  our benefits are comparable to france 's so that does n't explain the situation in calais , its mainly because our economy is quite strong atm and they are more then likely to speak english or know some english in comparison to french . 
  well leaving the eu would n't enable the uk to avoid taking in more refugees as the eu ca n't force the uk to take refugees, 
   for the latter , leaving the eu would be an answer , right ? 
  not really , the uk could remain in the eu and take in as many as it wanted like it is doing now . 
   at least for the time being , when things like carbon capture take off ( letting you make diesel and kerosine from air ) the price will collapse thankfully . 
  that would be ideal  the saudis are actually partially responsible for the likes of isis by peddling their whabii bullshit everywhere i do n't think you can blame the saudi state , they themselves have experienced terrorist attacks but certainly wealthy , extreme saudis have been supporting isis and other groups . 
  its like those americans with 1/100 irish heritage that used to fund the ira prior to 9/11 . 
  but , more so . 
   i think he 's seen downton abbey and has never been to bradford . 
  bradford is a lot better then people make it out to be , there are nice areas and shitty areas in every city naturally . 
   germany that brought europe into war twice debatable for the first world war , you could make a multitude of arguments for who started that one but the second , not really . 
  that was definitely germany . 
   the only way is to help assad , he was a dictator but he kept the country stabilised . 
  this would undermine the foreign policy of the us , uk , france etc incredibly if they started to support assad . 
  it also puts them at odds with countries like qatar , uae and the saudi 's , as you mentioned these countries are no better then assad in some respects but they are considered allies and have large amounts of that black liquid that the world just loves . 
  it just does n't seem feasible . 
  an ideal situation would be for the entire middle east to have a strong economy , social services , peace and stability but this is n't a utopia and that is n't realistic what so ever . 
  the real answer would be to stop it at its root cause , the syrian civil war , how he intends to do that i do n't know . 
  its just a cesspool of complicated shit , even if isis miraculously was wiped off of the map you 'd still be left with groups who still want assad ousted and thus the war will continue . 
  boots on the ground ? 
  inconceivable training the kurds and the iraqi army to fight isis ? 
  happening , but perhaps could be expanded airstrikes ? 
  well , they 've been happening for over a year now and although i imagine it makes an impact * ba dum tss * its certainly has n't been decisive, 
  they stopped been refugees when they got into a country where they were not under threat and provided food and shelter for them , after that point they are simply economic migrants . 
  much of the end of ww1 was primarily fought by brit 's ( they also financed the war from the beginning ) and american involvement in ww2 relied on britain been in the war , furthermore the royal navy primarily transported the goods to the su , british army stopped the germans getting to the oil fields in africa and keeping ourselfs in the war by beating the luffawaffe , without any of the 3 main countries in ww2 it would 've been difficult . 
  if you wanted statistics and reasons why , i can provide them . 
  the list of reasons why our involvement in those wars been paramount are plenty . 
  its fairly ironic a german saying brit 's have selective memories considering most germans 's i speak to talk about the nazis like this mythical evil race that somehow was n't german , also this theory of an innocent wehrmacht during ww2 is bullshit which seems to get brought up a lot, 
   we already do in a roundabout way . 
  no one joins without the us giving the ok . just like every other nato member lol, 
  did n't farage state previously that he thinks for the no campaign there needs to be a all-party campaign by their eurospectics to succeed, 
  today i learnt, 
   that was horrible planned and implemented and a huge bunch of australians and new zeelanders suddenly found themselves in deep shit in a place called gallipoli fighting against a bunch of young turks as much as their own bad planning . 
  its a common misconception that it was just australians and new zealanders at gallipoli , in reality it is only commemorated more so in those countries because many see it as part of their national identity , despite this there were more british troops their then colonial . 
   which he did n't do because he wanted to save the ~ ~ crappy old ships ~ ~ sailors, 
  yes and one of the main reasons why the landings were earlier is because churchill pressured admiral sackville carden into bringing them forward . 
  the campaign was executed on the basis that the ottoman troops defending the coast were few and far between but the allies were stopped from advancing very far by ottoman defensive positions , without the battle been a quick and deceive battle the ottomans would redirect more and more troops as , y' know their capital was threatened . 
  as soon as the initial landings failed to gain much headway they should have reconsidered as the ottoman troops would only increase and thus the battle would be harder . 
  the idea itself was stupid and should have never been up into practice . 
  so much so that for the conservatives to agree to a war-time coalition one demand was the resignation of churchill . 
  churchill was nothing short of an idiot as the first admiral so i am apprehensive to believe this statement as he is renowned for his leadership during ww2 , not his actions in ww1 . 
  the ottomans were not going to join the triple entente as they had poor relations with the balkans after the balkan war and with russia because of the russo-turkish war ( 1877 -- 78 ) . 
  everything pointed to them picking to fight for the the germans and austria-hungarians rather then the entente , this was a good decision by the british government , you do n't arm a potential enemy . 
  holy shit , wut . 
  [ reminds me of this six nations advert in 2012 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umkbjlyx1v8 ), 
  most likely because middle to upper class women have more disposable income to spend on things such as clothes and makeup and such, 
  how beautiful somebody or some people are is an opinionated topic and to group a country of people together as such is ridiculous and unprovable .
