  both votes drew support from an idea that the political class did n't help or work for them anymore and in both votes immigration was a big component . 
  follow you usa ? 
  neoliberalism grew from both the us and the uk which influenced one another do n't make stupid assertions without knowing what you 're talking about thats simply cretinous . 
  those are brits who described themselves as european ; it seems like a false equivalency to equate that with feeling european . 
  they treated leavers in the uk like that and trump supporters like that in the us . 
  if you belittle them they 'll simply gain more popularity because you 're not countering what they are saying merely ignoring it ; that 'll marginalise them which will give a false idea of the level of support they have ( nobody expected brexit or trump to win ), 
  ukraine actively in a state of war fighting within its borders ; russia supposedly is n't funding , training and for fighting alongside ukraines opposition . 
  ukraine and any county would logically form militias in times of war, 
  this came up in another thread and the name for the isles is quite similar in other languages it 's not just the british who use the term . 
  you could say we , the commonwealth , free forces and the us saved western europe from nazi or soviet occupation . 
  we did n't hand stalin shit . 
  all the countries that the soviets gained influence over after the war they routed the nazis out of . 
  ` hand ' inferred we had them at one point ; we did n't , to get them it would 've been ww3 right after ww2, 
  we handed half of europe to the soviets ? 
  are you delusional ? 
  the soviets outnumbered the british and americans 4 to 1 in europe ; stalin got what he wanted not because the british or americans gave it to him , but because he was on the position of power.in fact churchill asked poland to be independent of soviet influence but the soviets were n't going to do that because that would effectively give the west control over the entirety of germany, 
  how does that prove your point lol ? 
  please . 
  pretty much everyone apart from the irish will refer to them as the british isles , certainly not some of the terms the irish use . 
  if you want to use a different term for something fine but do n't expect us to change ours because you 're offended . 
  you really are a moron are n't you ? 
  you think of brits like brits would think of the irish 100 years ago and it 's pretty despicable but tolerated on this sub because so many hold negative views towards the british . 
  the tourist industry there really facilitates the behaviour in all fairness . 
  understandable because they make a fortune but they advertise themselves the place to go for partying , clubbing , sex and drugs etc. 
  yeah , we 're fucking horrendous aboard which is only exacerbated by our lack of soberness while on holiday . 
  that was kind of the joke given that he kept reaffirming the confidence of remain while reading magazines named ` echo chamber ' and ` elitist ' . 
  well that adds nothing to the discussion what so ever . 
  if you 're going to comment at least provide evidence or a hypothesis to assert your view . 
  not just ` no ' . 
  the british have never torpedoed any substantial eu legislation which it did n't need to be a party to . 
  the uk sat aside and watched the euro and schengen form . 
  what the uk did in the eu it did what was in its best interest and what it thought the eu should do . 
  it gladly sat aside and openly encouraged the single market to integrate further even if it did n't want in because it would make the eu more stabile . 
  people on this sub are simply contrarians ; one second they rightly point out that the eu is a major trading partner of britain the next they say the uk torpedoes it . 
  what does the uk have to gain from the destruction of the eu if it 's so reliant on it for trade ? 
  it wants it to be successful it just believes the eu is going the wrong way about it and the perpetual crises show that they might be onto something, 
  making it work ? 
  you ca n't join a bunch of countries with fundamentally different problems and economies together and hope it works . 
  which is what crises before have shown and ones to come will show . 
  they should 've integrated their economic and political systems better and made the continent more equal before embarking on it . 
  under the current setup it 'll only serve to make the southern economies and france weaker while the rest benefit the only way to solve this current issue is more integration which nobody really wants to convince their electorate to favour apart from the germans that 'll do anything to protect their export surplus . 
  the eu should 've integrated then adopted the euro not the other way around . 
  if the eu fails it 'll be because of the hasty instalment of the euro motivated by political aspirations not economic sense . 
  join the queue jerry i 'm still waiting on my reparations from the danes and the normans who like modern day germans had fuck all to do with what 's being demanded of them . 
  he 's a deluded moron that 's talking out of his arse . 
  he knows fuck all he 's just making baseless assertions and generalisations on brits that get upvoted as fact on this sub, 
  they did n't try to torpedo it they just did n't believe in it nor will they ever . 
  the uk was never going to join schengen or the euro because it sees these as fundamental flaws . 
  the eu faces many long term problems such as the euro exacerbating north-south inequality , creating long term economic problems for countries such as france which due to single market regulations will have to embark on a thatcher inspired deregulation and public spending cuts likely under fillion a notable admirer of hers , the italians have no easy way too bail out their banks and the germans do n't want them too because it 'll set an ugly precedent for the entire single market , popularism is on the rise in the netherlands , france which although unlikely to foster a far right leader will facilitate the right wing parties to become more right wing like in the u.k. 
  the german dominated export market ensures that germany and the central/eastern members that supply it enjoy the benefits of a strong euro at the expense of france and others which can not utilise its own currency to help its stagnated growth which will result in what i listed above . 
  i did n't even mention the eu 's permeable external borders that has dominated its problems in 2016 . 
  mark blyth , a brown university professor goes into detail about the problems with the eu and his opinion is very much the same as mine and many people in the u.k. 
  they like the eu but hate the euro . 
  i 'd vote to remain again but if the british has to hypothetically adopt the euro i 'd vote leave without a second thought ; it 's inherently unstable and shows no signs ; with the exception of the ecb finally acting like a central bank , of solving its problems . 
  the euro should 've been a long term aim of the eu . 
  now it just serves to destabilise it . 
  most of the refugees traveling through turkey into europe are syrian and this is the biggest source of refugees ; the med is mainly libyans and eritreans but they 're still capitalising on the increase in refugees partially caused by russia ; partially is important, 
  the uk has never believed in the validity in a european organisation like the eu and crises such as the refugee crisis , euro crisis , the looming italian banking crisis etc only serve to assert that widely held view . 
  even when the uk was a willing member of the eu it never got too involved ( euro , schengen ) so it could cut its losses easier ( not easily ) if the eu ever went to shit or it wanted to leave . 
  of course it does . 
  i 'm not saying the eu will unconditionally accept what the uk wants it has to evaluate the positives that uk membership of europol brings and what they 're prepared to do to reserve that, 
  clearly if the uk is willing to leave it believes it retrieve information on people coming into the country by itself or has another avenue of doing so that is n't in europol . . and the uk chose not to be in schengen because it thought the negatives outweighed the positives how is that relevant . 
  because they do n't need europol hence why they 'd be prepared to leave it when the eu would prefer for them to stay in it . 
  need does t imply it is n't useful , but it 's certainly not necessary, 
  why would the u.k. care ? 
  it is n't in schengen , it can check anyone coming in and out of the country its counterparts ca n't . 
  it 's much more difficult for the french and germans to prevent a terrorist attack then britain . 
  the uk does n't gain enough from europol for the eu to use it against them hence why the british are trying to do that . 
  but less then their european counterparts hence why their even bothering trying to utilise it as a bargaining chip . 
  what 's so difficult for you here, 
  leaving europol would not be severing by any definition of the word . 
  does the eu have an intelligence echo chamber where it only receives information from within the eu ? 
  not the us , russia or anybody else ? 
  you 're argument is completely nullified by the fact that intelligence agencies share information regardless of europol and occasionally openly avoid using europol because of its various leaks . 
  britain is saying to the eu you benefit from our membership of europol what can we get in return nothing more nothing less . 
  europol is part of the eu it 's expected we 'd leave it . 
  what the article is stating is what the british government think they can get in return for staying, 
  a bullshit comparison none the less . 
  you 're comparing separatists to islamist extremists . 
  in fact you 're comparing two different issues instead of comparing the same threat and it 's impact on two different countries ; you 're comparing two completely different types of treats to fit your narrative . 
  or it 's bureaucratic mistake in a department that presides over issues of over 60 million people . 
  but do n't mind me i do n't have the dramatisation skills of you or the guardian, 
  you do realise we have a border and our police forces would still legalise with its counterparts in europe when we leave the eu, 
  she got a copy paste response which is n't applicable to eu citizens it was an error you imbecile, 
  what would we lose and what would the eu lose ? 
  you really think british intelligence will not tell its counterparts about an attack in their country just because they are n't a member of europol ? 
  very doubtful . 
  communication between countries is n't made possible by europol just facilitated . 
  why rely on europol ? 
  it 's very doubtful it 's as secure as the british , french or german security and intelligence services and they do n't seem to use it as a result, 
  based on the fact that potential large scale terrorist attacks have been consistently foiled since 7/7 and based on the fact that belgium , france and germany have not ; due to both their permeable borders and failings by their security and intelligence services . 
  there is n't . 
  it 's clear britain has competent security services and gives a lot of intelligence to its european counterparts . 
  if you refer to another comment in this thread a once leading security figure claims britain contributes far more then it gets in return and if european intelligence agencies got intelligence about an imminent attack in london or vice versa its very unlikely they 'll remain silent with or without europol, 
  that 's not very narrow minded it 's the uk evaluating it has a strength in intelligence and using it to its advantages in negotiations . 
  eu legislation and its bodies are far reaching so the negotiations will be . 
  in regards to intelligence the british have a strong hand so they 'll want to use it . 
  but we 're an island and our security services seem to be more competent then their counterparts in other eu countries . 
  yeah we 're small . 
  france is twice the size of the u.k.
