  i wonder if there is a direct correlation between price of cigarettes and the number of smokers in a country , i doubt it though . 
  i think the number of smokers in the uk are falling but their are still a lot of them . 
   makes a great retirement destination , given the high prices , the weather and so forth ... 
  i agree , although thinking about it i imagine it could be quite an attractive place to work and visit . 
  especially london, 
  i did read in / r/unitedkingdom that people like to down talk the idea of anybody wanting to come here to work , retire and visit . 
  which i suppose makes sense , the grass is always greener on the other side, 
   i 'm sorry , but those countries do n't have anything like the issues in the uk . 
  well ... http://time.com/2911040/australia-isis-syria-iraq-terrorism/, 
   i 'm saying they have more muslims thats kind of offensive , you would n't group the westboro baptist church amongst normal christians , do n't group normal muslims with extremists . 
   i lived in london in the late 90 's , i could n't believe some of the shit i heard , and apparently it is magnitudes of order worse now . 
  i have not seen any increase in such behaviour . 
  if anything i 've only seen an increase in people prosecuting against muslims  i can say anything about nzaus , as i 've never been , but i just can not see radicals in large numbers happening in canada . 
  a simple google will tell you that they do have radicals , just like every western county, 
  makes sense i suppose , we are essentially the same culturally . 
  although i think it would disproportionately benefit the uk as australia and new zealand are already popular tourist and retirement destination . 
  it will also affect the nhs quite badly as well as doctors and nurses move to australia from the uk as they supposedly have higher wages i believe . 
   still , if you go by the numbers and the news , it is much more of a problem in the uk . 
  maybe because the uk has substantially more people then australia , canada and new zealand ? 
  they all have islamic extremists . 
   who could have said that one wwii decisive battle would have been in egypt ? 
  the north africa campaign was a logical place for the allies and the axis to fight each other , if the italians and later the germans would be able to force the british out of egypt they would have basically unchecked access to the oil fields of the middle east . 
  this would provide them with valuable oil which the german army needed as they were quite reliant on horses for much of the war . 
   horse-drawn transportation was most important for germany , as it was relatively lacking in natural oil resources . 
  infantry and horse-drawn artillery formed the bulk of the german army throughout the war ; only one-fifth of the army belonged to mobile panzer and mechanized divisions . 
  each german infantry division employed thousands of horses and thousands of men taking care of them . 
  despite losses of horses to enemy action , exposure and disease , germany maintained a steady supply of work and saddle horses until 1945 . 
  cavalry in the army and the ss gradually increased in size , peaking at six cavalry divisions in february 1945 . 
  wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horses_in_world_war_ii well the british , french and later american armies used trucks for transportation the germans used horses . 
  i think the soviets may have at the beginning as their army was relatively ill-equipped then . 
   morover , a full sclae war is not the only scenario , especially with nuclear weapons . 
  would russia try to conquer the baltic states while the threat of nuclear retaliation would be limiting actions in other theater ( `` you attack our cities and we nuke you '' ) , finland could be a great support against naval operations . 
  i do not think a european war is even feasible because of nuclear weapons . 
  i think if we imagined a world without nuclear weapons a war with russia would be probable in this current political climate . 
  russian businesses and individuals did prior to the sanctions and that in combination with low oil prices are the main reasons why the russian economy is doing so poorly, 
  wow you get downvoted for that ? 
  i think its because nobody sees it as a practical or useful language . 
  russia is n't exactly a desired place to work , live or go on holiday to from the perspective of most people in the uk . 
  why learn russian when you can learn french , spanish or german or simply do what a lot of people do and do n't learn a language . 
  i do n't see the uk , us and french military 's standing by well a nato member is invaded personally . 
  but an invasion is n't going to happen anyway, 
  if nato do n't defend an attacked country then nato and all the powers within it get undermined and nato will likely cease to exist as it is its core principle, 
   the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  username checks out, 
  i may be wrong but i think the allied nations have being invited to take part in the military parade since the end of the soviet union . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnni4vtfasm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9l_yfj3f6u, 
  i think it was prior to america entering the war that britain invaded . 
  if memory serves me correctly i think they feared that germany would occupy iceland and give the nazi 's another avenue to attack british shipping in the atlantic . 
  i do n't believe that anyone died during the invasion . 
   1 ) it was n't just `` a '' plan , it went through many revisions , all of which came back with death tolls higher than germany wanted . 
  i 'm sure operation sea lion went through many revisions also  2 ) it was real enough that switzerland mobilized their entire country [ 1 ] to prepare for it . 
  they also mobilised in world war one since they bordered france , germany , austria-hungary and italy but just like world war two an invasion was unlikely and this was largely precautionary . 
  it was always in switzerland 's interest to stay neutral as they have a population that speaks both french , german and italian . 
  they are quite diverse . 
  choosing sides in either war would be stupid . 
  france and the united kingdom introduced conscription , effectively mobilising their entire populous , this did n't stop an invasion of france . 
  the french army was 900,000 in 1939 and had a reserve of 5,000,000 . 
  the french army taking into account the reserve outnumbered the entire population of switzerland . 
   3 ) the most commonly given reasons for no invasion were swiss defense policy and the inability of tanks to traverse the alps ... not that there was no value . 
  thanks for backing up my previous point about switzerland 's geographical location being a major reason why an invasion was unlikely , not the fact that they armed their population . 
  this did n't happen , i 'm sure you can find plans for a nazi invasion of britain , america and jupiter . 
  attacking switzerland would have been a waste of resources for germany . 
  just because they simply planned it does n't mean that it was going to happen . 
  the us planned for a war with britain in the 1920 's it does n't make it fucking realistic . 
  attacking switzerland would have being a waste of resources for germany and would n't make any logical sense in relation to the second world war , again another nazi idea based on ideology rather then practicality . 
  an invasion of switzerland provided no immediate advantage or benefit to hitler . 
   it 's a huge stretch to say there would be no benefit to him having taken switzerland , especially given how incompetent mussolini was . 
  he could easily have ended up with an exposed southern front when italy fell that would have put the allies within spitting distance from munich . 
  this does n't support your argument for protecting germany in the event of italy being taken out of the war as that was proved to be stupid on your part . 
  the only thing this proves is that the nazis and italians had aspirations to take over areas of switzerland where their language is spoken . 
  hitler also had aspirations to invade britain did n't make it realistic, 
   he could easily have ended up with an exposed southern front when italy fell that would have put the allies within spitting distance from munich . 
  *** sigh *** http://i.imgur.com/0frawpa.jpg hitler annexed austria in 1938 so he already had a border with italy larger then that of the italy-swiss border . 
  not only that but italy 's northern border is protected by the alps which makes it incredibly difficult for an army to get through . 
  this is why america and britain invaded france and then germany instead of pushing the foot hold they already had in italy . 
  italy is a natural fortress that is geographically difficult in comparison to france, 
  switzerland is surrounded by the fucking alps and he did n't invade neutral countries that had no immediate benefit to him like sweden or switzerland, 
  switzerland was n't invaded in either of the world wars because of its neutral stance and geographical location not because of an armed population, 
  people talk about the inflexibility of german war plans but i think ultimately it should n't have got to that stage anyway . 
  austria-hungary should have just left serbia a lone after it accepted all but one of the july ultimatum conditions , but they did not , as they never intended for it to be accepted . 
  they turned a regional conflict between them and serbia into the deadliest war the world had seen . 
   gurantee nuclear war . 
  putin wants land and power not ashes . 
  if he does n't want ashes he would n't invade a nato country  i 'm interested , what will you say if russia were to invade another eastern european country ? 
  if russia invaded an eastern european nato member they would be a war . 
  if not the eu , nato and the us get undermined on an international scale . 
  but that is n't going to happen . 
   people are predicting a european war now like who ? 
   i would argue there are stronger signs of imminent war in europe now than before ww2 . 
  their is no imminent war in europe , an `` imminent war '' would mean a nuclear war . 
  hitler 's rhetoric focused around reversing the terms of the treaty of versailles which meant rearmament , restoration of german territory seceded to other powers . 
  to do this he would piss of the french and british . 
  even when he began to annex countries france and britain were idol until he invaded poland . 
  people predicted another european war as a result of the treaty and they were right . 
   `` this is not a peace . 
  it is an armistice for twenty years '' - foch, 
  germany was n't to blame for ww1 , if anything the country most responsible for the outbreak of war was austria-hungary . 
  war was likely at the turn of the 20th century its not that they happened out of nowhere , both world war one and two were years in the making , especially the first world war . 
  europe prior to ww1 was a powder keg ready to explode . 
   they do n't need to expand .
