  how to compensate the losers from globalisation will be the big story in macro in 2017 . 
  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- footnotes [ 1 ] a `` populist '' uprising would not normally be expected to lead to a large and immediate reduction in corporate tax rates , which is the most obvious consequence of brexit and trumpism in their early days . 
  this surprising development shows how difficult it will be for investors to predict the policy changes that `` populism '' will bring . 
  [ 2 ] the victory of donald trump over hillary clinton was an obvious case in point . 
  trump won because he attracted disproportionate support in the rust belt states , while clinton attained an overall majority of the popular vote . 
  this was a good example of the age-old electoral principle that a few large losses can have a greater effect on electoral outcomes than a huge number of small gains . 
  [ 3 ] the policy menu suggested by maurice obstfeld includes : retraining , education , infrastructure , health investment , better housing , lower barriers to entry for new businesses , partial wage insurance for displaced workers , the earned income tax credit , and international co-ordination against tax avoidance . 
  they 've been perfectly clear that eu citizens wo n't be treated any different to british citizens in the eu ... a fair position if you ask me . 
  may 's been very vague about almost everything , not this though . 
  the irish and even the british government do n't refer to them as the british isles to avoid confrontation, 
  that sounds completely factually correct . 
  well done buddy !, 
  not very hard to grasp mate . 
  this is n't exactly something foreign to the countries of europe . 
  the french , dutch , danes , portuguese , spanish will have people that are n't within their ` principle ' country but still identify as their nationality . 
  british is no longer a geographical term , its a nationality and that is a big distinction, 
  mark blythe 's main criticism of the snp . 
  this staunchly left wing anti austerity government wants to swap a westminster government that props up its public services for schauble , the euro ( potentially ) and the ecb . 
  if people voted leave for stubborn reasons like many on this sub portray ; then by the same logic so is the scottish independence movement . 
  they 'd leave their biggest trading partner and join a trading bloc run by people they fundamentally ideologically disagree with and their budget deficit certainly would n't be tolerated by the eu . 
  a northern irishman is . 
  a distinction many wo n't make because they 're both on the island of ireland but an important distinction nevertheless from both perspectives . 
  the royal family itself is infinitely more modern and liberal then its influential religious figures ; however the royals constantly appease them because they essentially allow them to rule , if they lose religious support they 'd be much more easily overthrown . 
  not in the house of commons but lords and court ? 
  yeah . 
  tradition and shit , might as well keep it since nobody really minds or could n't care less i guess . 
  we really do n't , especially amongst younger generations . 
  the rich can afford better education , healthcare etc like anywhere else in the world but those that are n't rich still have an avenue for greater wealth . 
  university is accessible to all despite the loans ( speaking from experience ) and businesses recruit on the basis of knowledge and experience not class . 
  income inequality has largely been exacerbated by the fall of the manufacturing sector been replaced by an ever growing financial sector which facilitates an economy in which its consumption is largely reliant on debt . 
  you replace a industry that employs much of the poor and replace it with one which employs and generates capital for the rich what do you expect to happen . 
  a trader panicked basically . 
  if you view international trading as social interactions , which they are , it 's easy to see how a trader from one of the worlds largest banks losing his shit would cause panic, 
  they also give london a christmas tree every year for , i 'm guessing , the same reason . 
  malice or incompetency does n't matter . 
  it was his blank cheque that gave the austrians the impetus for a war with serbia and in turn a war with russia and france and it was his yearning for a major navy that put them into hostilities with britain, 
  # 33 million for hsbc ? 
  hardly a deterrence, 
  preventing a war by telling his austrian counterpart ` germany is with you no matter what ', 
  i could n't care less if you move here with a job lined up in an unsaturated job market . 
  i do n't like the notion that immigration is wholly responsible for wage stagnation but it undoubtedly has an impact . 
  there geographical location did n't allow for it . 
  under bismarck the germans were right to be hesitant about colonisation being surrounded by france , austria-hungary and russia ... they could n't hold an empire and fight a continental war like the british could 've because the british could rely on its navy for defence and its army for offence . 
  the germans needed both for defence which explains its paranoid foreign policy facilitating a naval arms race with britain and a war plan with no plan for recourse . 
  germany needed france and russia not be allies , furthermore it wanted to avoid a war with britain because its naval strength could blockade and its economic strength could finance its allies war efforts . 
  1914 would 've been bismarck 's worst nightmare and it 's very doubtful he would 've allowed such a mutually precarious situation to develop . 
  is he really been downvoted for saying ` common law < 3 ' . 
  he did n't imply it was better then civil law ; there both perfectly functional and proven law systems with i imagine advantages and disadvantages . 
  you ca n't objectively argue one is better , especially when most adopted them due to historical reasons such as conquest or imperialism, 
  look at / r/askhistorians for more information but generally modern historians are in agreement that the wehrmacht although not comparable in scale of brutality to the ss or volunteer deathsquads they were far from innocent , certainly complicit and often took part in atrocities . 
  plus look at his collar , he was ss . 
  we 've always pushed for nato members to spend 2 %, 
  it 's strategic location is what makes it militarily important . 
  it has a population of 300,000 you ca n't draw comparisons between that and the other members skimping, 
  a large proportion , if it the majority of non eu immigration are university students . 
  fairly disingenuous given most non-eu immigrants are students with appropriate visas whereas eu immigrants are workers that intend to stay here for awhile if not until they die . 
  i 'm not picking a side just critiquing your argument, 
  but yet it 's population is stagnant if not decreasing so its infrastructure can sufficiently support its population and the job market is never flooded , lowering wages like the u.k. 
  # 170 for kg of weed ? 
  i 'm surprised it has n't established a weed-based tourism industry yet . 
  hopefully europe will start taking a more liberal approach to weed ; such as how spain and portugal handle it . 
  legalised weed would ensure the negative health effects are minimalised , produce enormous tax revenue and cut prison costs . 
  unfortunately theresa may is more likely to make wanking illegal then legalising weed . 
  hopefully canada and some us states legalisation would provide an impetus for our next left wing government to consider it at least . 
  you ca n't really apply a nationality to someone who 's only relation to that said modern nation is geographical location . 
  the centre left scottish nationalists should learn from the far right serbian nationalist ? 
  they want to leave the rest of the uk ; not create a greater scotland and be xenophobic, 
  what a compelling argument what the scottish nationalists never considered . 
  so the only logical solution for the scots in the event of them gaining independence is to become a republic because you hate monarchs , not because they actually want to get rid of it . 
  how logical of you . 
   only logical solution . . 
  i guess that shows how informed you are about a situation you talk so much about . . 
  very few pro independence scots want to get rid of the monarchy . 
  why would scotland be a republic or take the missiles it does n't want based in its country ? 
  cameron was also pushing for it, 
  very few people i 've talked to that voted for brexit like farage . 
  using that same logic ukip would 've won our last general election by a landslide, 
  we generally have german , french and spanish in british schools ; very rarely people in my school studied them further when you were no longer required to . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily bad . 
  give people a choice of more vocational subjects or a language most will obviously pick the former in an english speaking country . 
  that 's very anecdotal . 
  all the reports and ranking on healthcare systems always view the nhs favourably ; it falls behind on waiting times largely because infrastructure has n't been upgraded in line with population . 
  the 20 billion riechmarks ( which was later lowered ) could be paid in commodities and in combination with us capital the german state was hardly hindered economically in the wake of the great war . 
  what held the germans back was not the economic hindrance of reparations but the instability of its countless governments which stresemann aided massively . 
  the 5 billion francs in todays money would amount to $ 400 - $ 500 billion ; it was expected to hinder france was 30-40 years . 
  however the third republic was very competent with its reforms, 
  no it was n't the main reason . 
  but as a proportion of gdp the terms of the franco-prussian war were worse then versailles . 
  revanchism centred around the lost french regions but the occupation of northern france until the money demanded was paid did n't help . 
  germany did n't actually pay much of the money demanded at versailles in the interwar period despite it being lowered multiple times whereas the french did . 
  in terms of who wanted war the most it certainly was n't the british . 
  they out built the germans in the naval arms race because its naval dominance was key to protecting its empire ; whereas the germans sought a navy because it was vulnerable to blockade by the british ( a big factor in germany losing the war ) the french certainly sought revenge for the franco-prussian war and who would n't . 
  the terms inflicted on france were economically harsher then the treaty of versailles . 
  the growing power of serbia and serbs within the austro-hungarian empire created a potential war between the two and by proxy russia . 
  britain ultimately joined the war because it was more beneficial for the french and the russians to be victorious then the germans because the latter would become a superpower rivalling the power of the british empire in its entirety . 
  as well as having a case for war by the invasion of belgium . 
  and where will those establishment figures go to , ukip ? 
  no , they 'll vote for lib dems or tories until labour gets it shit together . 
  look at the demographics of the 2015 general election . 
  of course they do n't target one demographic .
