  many of the richest in the colonies did n't want further taxes , why would they ? 
  yes but the primary argument against parliamentary rule in the colonies was no tax without representation however many of the american colonial elite did n't even want it, 
  british refer to it as the seven years war americans typically call it the french and indian wars, 
  many of americas colonial elite did n't want representation because they knew parliament would then be able to tax them without the americans shouting `` muh representation '' . 
  first and foremost the colonists wanted independence because of tax and some conspiracy about the british parliament wanting to destroy their `` liberty '' . 
  americans only paid a sixpence in tax annually whereas the average briton paid 25 shillings , over 50x 's more . 
  so it was n't far fetched to tax the colonists more as the national debt was a massive and maintaining the british army in america was expensive as fuck . 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  the bank responsible for managing the fiscal policy of the uk has made plans if the uk leaves the eu ? 
  holy shit, 
  he supported the irish as he saw an opportunity to preoccupy britain not because he was some moral crusader . 
  oh , i missed that i was under the impression you were denying that the french planned an invasion . 
  my apologies . 
  so lets say napoleon won waterloo and then beat the prussians , austrians and russians however impossible that is . 
  you think that europe would be without nationalism and world wars ? 
  nationalism would probably be more volatile in a napoleonic france as people would call for independence in the occupied countries similarly to bosnian calls for independence under the austria-hungarian empire that was one of the major reasons why ww1 ultimately started, 
   project coordinator , centre for the study of the book at university of oxford i mean she maybe is not specifically a historian but she is certainly an academic . 
  furthermore the planned invasion was relatively real . 
  for example the foundation of the irish legion to capitalise on the instability of ireland . 
   a new golden age for ~ ~ europe ~ ~ france this subreddit sometimes ... 
  napoleon and the invasion of britain -- 1 june 2003 by alexandra franklin, 
   the 181 children were beaten and abused , with some even deliberately disfigured to increase their earning potential , as disabled beggars were thought to generate more income . 
  what the fuck, 
   least european country . 
  lol , this shit right here, 
  i do n't know the last time we did n't give an opinion on european questions parts of czechoslovakia were annexed . 
  you 're retarded, 
  [ maybe this is more helpful ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=united-kingdom&amp;country2=france&amp;submit=compare ), 
  text leaves much open for interpretation, 
  i can not recall anybody seriously suggesting europeans should recolonise, 
  i was n't being sarky , its simply nice of the french government to cancel i believe the poorest country in the western hemispheres debt . 
   i would not be surprised if the us were to join anyways . 
  the us military requires it to be seen as the de facto military power in the world . 
  having the eu win a war against russia would weaken us power projection and weaken the eu 's reliance on nato as a deterrent . 
  i mean , you would n't need to join in . 
  because there is n't really a realistic chance of war , cause [ y' know ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ikviu1i.gif ), 
  how nice of the french government, 
  its almost like an argument has two sides , who would 've guessed, 
   ideally from both the conservative party and the ** labour party , the trade union movement and industry ** that does not seem very feasible at all . 
  eu members were asked to add it into their gdp i believe . 
   i do n't necessarily agree, 
  i mean they made some great youtube videos possible https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjunuqiev8m proving that there is no limit to stupidity . 
  i have n't heard of the edl since their previous leader left or something , oh well i 'm not complaining . 
  they `` march '' in bradford simply to try and piss everyone off, 
  if anything its xenophobic and not racist . 
  fox news ? 
  we do have a constitution ... 
  i do n't necessarily agree with this and yes it is , thats why they are against it . 
  they feel that british courts should have the final say, 
   coincidently this is also the main problem with that idea . 
  i suppose thats a matter of perspective, 
  til europe is a country, 
  the idea of government having no checks and balances is not entirely true as the electorate decide who sits in parliament . 
  therefore if the general population is overall not satisfied with the leadership of government chances are they will be another government in ~ 5 years . 
  parliament can not pass laws without repercussions . 
  plus the supreme court can overturn some legislation, 
   elective dictatorship i 've never heard of it described as such . 
  our form of government is typically called a constitutional monarchy not a elective dictatorship , somebody simply coined that term . 
   in effect the parliament can make or break any law it chooses to . 
  its almost like the job of parliament is to implement , change and remove laws . 
  but i agree with you there should be more checks and balances, 
  the idea of the uk actually leaving the eu is very much exaggerated in / r/europe and is certainly an uphill battle for the ones opposed to the eu , cameron would n't have promised a referendum if it was n't . 
  and if somebody told me israeli and palestine would come to an agreement in a week i would n't believe them either . 
  just because something has the potential to happen does n't mean it will . 
  a nuclear power could destroy the world tomorrow , but what are the chances ? 
  which is n't a realistic prospect although it seems to be thrown around like it is here . 
   ok , let me just list this out : every major uk party ( the conservatives included ) are for eu membership ( except ukip ) . 
  the management of pretty much every uk media organisation is pro eu membership . 
  both the eu and usa are for continued uk membership of the eu every major uk industry is pro eu membership , including the influential financial sector . 
  most importantly , far more uk voters want to stay in the eu than leave it barring some colossal calamity , the chance that a 2016-2017 `` in / out '' referendum will result in an `` out '' , are somewhat over-blown . 
  / u/parameters, 
  we do have a constitution its just not consolidated into one . 
  its simply spread amongst several laws, 
  like thats actually going to happen ... 
  the main idea in repealing the human rights act is to make it so british courts have the final say and not the european court of human rights . 
  i doubt this will affect eu policies like the working time directive and other employment rights, 
  not necessarily . 
  although i imagine they will make it so someone deemed a national security threat will have a diminished amount of rights to make a abu qatada like case easier to deal with . 
  i think its because it made the deportation of abu qatada difficult ( idk ) . 
  but the principle argument seems to be that british courts should have the final say and not european ones . 
  i 'm not sure what they plan on doing . 
  they either want to make a british bill of rights that does n't get rid of the human rights act but just supersedes it or replace it entirely with a british bill of rights . 
   in his long-awaited speech on europe , the prime minister will , for the first time , say that he will `` rule nothing out '' if fellow leaders reject his plans to overhaul the benefits system and suggests that he could be prepared to lead the campaign for a british exit . 
  basically he was trying to get the ukip supporters to come back pre-general election, 
  i ca n't recall if he said anything like that or not . 
  i do n't think so, 
   despite the current trends it could very well end with the uk leaving the eu well , sure in a referendum both results can happen be it to stay in the eu or leave but the latter is certainly unlikely . 
  but like i stated , no british party is really content with the eu in its current form , even david cameron will try to propose changes before having a referendum . 
  if this works he 'll probably call it a `` better deal '' to strengthen his argument for the eu . 
  in the referendum i imagine the conservatives are hoping that the result will damage ukip as the prospect of another referendum in ~ 10 years is unlikely, 
   david cameron is surely pro-european , you can tell he 's just unable to say it because there 's a not-insignificant group of his mps that are very anti-eu and he ca n't afford a rebellion among his ranks . 
   in this eu referendum i expect he 'll be fairly quiet . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i 'm sure he has outright stated before that he supports british membership in the eu, 
  even the labour party would like certain aspects of the eu reformed . 
  it 'll be difficult to find a political party in the uk that is content with the eu currently , even more so parties that support the idea of a federal europe union . 
   mr miliband argued eu reforms were required , including : completing the single market in energy , services and the digital economy , lengthening the transitional period during which restrictions can be curbed on immigration from new member states , making it easier to deport recent immigrants who have broken the law source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-26538420, 
   would n't have been much point if we were n't involving ourselves in europe . 
  the us ( geographically ) was damn near impossible for him to invade , so declaring war would just be adding another enemy with no real hope of a gain at the end . 
  hitler did declare war on the united states . 
  japan and germany had an agreement that essentially meant that each countries enemies would be considered such by the other be it japan or germany,
