  but their respective main electorate are the principle thing that wins them elections . 
  labour without the working class vote is insignificant in a first past the post system . 
  i never said that they did n't threaten the tory 's but they also threaten labour, 
  an isolated example of one member of the establishment ; you could find hundreds of establishment figures voting tory , labour or lib dems i 'm sure, 
  i agree with you apart from the ` close ties to the elite ' . 
  ukip certainly do n't have that . 
  they are n't considered part of the establishment , the establishment vote either tory , labour or lib dem and generally loath populism because it causes instability ; like the eu referendum . 
   no , they now vote labour , and could quite easily go back to voting lib dem . 
  lol ; where are you from ? 
  i 've never heard anyone argue that the lib dems and labour directly target the same electorate ; the working class . 
   which splits the vote and benefits labour . 
  it weakens the labour party because it demonstrates they have a disconnect within their main electorate . 
  yes , and still much of the working class support them for that reason . 
  the working class do n't feel like the establishment care about their opinion in regards to immigration therefore when a party promises to curb it its attractive to them . 
  the statistics do n't tell all the story . 
  look at it proportionally ; the lib dem vote in 2015 was feeble in comparison to 2010 . 
  the type of people labour should prioritise as its main electorate do n't vote lib dem . 
  furthermore ; tories simply do n't contest most working class seats ; whereas ukip take votes from both labour and the conservatives in the labour heartlands . 
  because our mps are elected through constituencies not proportional rep ; the voting trends in their constituencies will be more of a pressing concern then labour 's performance nationally . 
  its a fallacy to suggest that ukip ( a party that appeals largely to the working class ) is a lesser of a threat to labour ( who too , once enjoyed the majority of their support from the working class ) then the lib dems who largely appeal to the young and the centrists . 
  you need to consider that the traditional labour electoral base ; the working class , were increasingly supporting ukip . 
  this was exacerbated by corbyn 's leadership given that the working class in general hold staunchly different views to corbyn on things like immigration and nuclear weapons, 
  turkey is very important to nato . 
  if we have to have a discussion about if we should be selling weapons / equipment to a military ally , perhaps we need to have a discussion about them being a military ally first . 
  when i 'm referring to the far right of the conservative party i mean concerning the mps that also have the most ` conservative ' views on social issues . 
  david cameron was n't religious and realised that listening to the socially conservative side of the party was only going to make them more unelectable so he supported gay marriage . 
  many tory mps that opposed this were also hardline brexiters that have been given more influence post referendum . 
  making an alliance with the dup would solely be out of the question because of principle, 
  she also blocked a report critical on the war on drugs while home secretary . 
  like everyone knows that wars clearly going to be won / s ( glad to see the police in this country being more lax about possession and consumption of drugs like cannabis ironically because of tory cuts . 
  you can technically be given a 5 year prison sentence for possession of weed ; in reality if it 's for personal use they 'll give you a warning and take it off you . . ) the government is a fucking stambles under her leadership . 
  i mean if we 're gon na go along with brexit since 52 is bigger then 48 i 'm hoping david davis becomes conservative leader . 
  he 's a brexiter but at least realises there needs to be compromise to find agreement . 
  she 's losing in the polls to labour . 
  a party headed by someone whom most in the country probably largely disagree with on external matters such as foreign policy ; but at least seems to have humanity left in him when it comes to domestic policy . 
  this is the same women who claimed there is n't a ` magic money tree ' and then gave the dup # 1 billion for supporting her government ; a party who is although unionist ; very difficult to relate to given its archaic views and it 's robbery of central government in the scandal ravaging northern irish government . 
  a scandal which if most people knew about in britain would most likely support the sf stance . 
  she makes me miss cameron . 
  it least he had a degree of pragmatism and tried to curb the far right of the conservative party 's influence, 
  internationally it started the rise of pax britannia which was cemented with the demise of napoleon . 
  the loss of the americans colonies was both one of the best and worst things to happen to the british during the colonial era and domestically very good for france but france was never going to remain a absolute monarchy forever ; america was merely the spark that lit the inevitable fuse . 
  a great french victory which bankrupted them , inspired revolution and made the british refocus on colonial possessions in the caribbean , africa and india all eventually to the detriment of france ... 
  the french facilitated british defeat but it was hardly a great victory for the french in the short or long term, 
  not so much did n't care but more did n't want to push italy away . 
  italy under mussolini was originally aligned to the allies and opposed german annexation of austria . 
  the italians under mussolini had a complete disregard of the league of nations demonstrated by the bombardment of corfu and war in ethiopia but the french overlooked both really and was certainly responsible for the purposefully ineffective sanctions upon italy . 
  fearing , rightly that this should make italy seek alternative european partners . 
  but ironically i think you can argue that the anglo-french approach to the italians in the 1920 's proved in the long run more harmful since hitler knew they were war weary, 
  if the west approached saudi arabia with more caution and hostility they 'd be much more susceptible to extremist ideology internally and externally . 
  the saudi royals act as a needed check on the influential religious aspect of saudi society . 
  so the west really are in a catch 22 situation concerning how to approach this , if they directly change their policies concerning saudi arabia they risk making the religious aspect of the country stronger and by proxy their funding of extremism . 
  perhaps the best approach is to try to curb saudi influence domestically while still keeping ties with the house of saud in an effort to ensure saudi arabia does n't take a turn for the worst . 
  i think the acid just started kicking in, 
  it could possibly happen , obviously . 
  the only thing that really checks the power of gchq is the judicial system and the processes of its bureaucracy . 
  they have way too much power to presume it is solely being used for national threats the police have alternatives digital powers that allow them to substantiate evidence on people without gchqs involvement . 
  it 's quite common in the u.k. . that a suspected islamist will be prosecuted for something like possession of drugs , a charge the police will rarely go out of their way to bother without it being blatant to get them off the streets because they ca n't find enough evidence to charge them with terrorism offences, 
  they could abuse it , sure , but it needs to stand in court so they ca n't use anti terrorism powers to monitor a low level drug dealer for example, 
  the actions of gchq are perfectly legal now . 
  the reach of their power is only really legally admissible in cases such as terrorism i believe but collect information about everyone . 
  they will have influence over the tories ; but it 's not in their interest to put the tories in an untenable position because they are the uk party best aligned to the dups interest . 
  they 'll try and get concessions but they 'll be hesitant to push the tories too far, 
  this allows her to deploy armed troops within a civilian environment i hope it does n't become like france were seeing soldiers in the big cities as the norm, 
  not exactly an original thing to promise in the modern day of politics, 
  he just won an election . 
  rhetoric from an election is always toned down, 
  this does n't really mark a policy change from paris but a continuation of french policy under hollande, 
  when the queen dies the bbc will be the first one to report it, 
  let 's bring stability and peace by uniting the entirety of the balkans . . said on one ever, 
  very pragmatic comment from macron in my opinion . 
  on one hand his policies would largely degrade the societal pro worker association of france but this if to try to stimulate growth and when the alternative is le pen . . well, 
  your last point is simply stupid . 
  homicide happens everywhere , does that make counting it redundant, 
  the right used to be the least sceptical of european integration . 
  the daily mail rejoiced when we the joined the eu predecessor, 
  i do n't think the political context is comparable, 
  he 's very unpopular with the general public but enjoys vehement support from his party 's members . 
  therefore despite opposition from the parliamentary labour party and the general public / media he refuses to resign and it 's very unlikely he 'll do so before the election . 
  but your view ignores what the euro does to germany and the rest of the ez . 
  they 're not direct competitors but the euro will works in the southern states detriment ; southerns will import more from germany and have less competitive exports, 
  speaking as a student ; the lid dems and labour are easily the biggest parties amongst us . 
  labour are losing ground to the lib dems i 'd say among most because of the unelectability of corbyn but he 'll most likely have loyal support from certain sects of students as well . 
  i agree , a tory majority is an inevitability . 
  i 'm hoping this election may plant the seeds of an electable labour party in the future and more lib dem seats . 
  i 'm voting for the liberals in the meantime though, 
  her majority is narrow and the terms of brexit are a focal point of contention . 
  by increasing her majority she can ensure that her government has more stability going into brexit . 
  people are n't voting for the party they like anymore ; they 're picking the least shit option and in most people 's minds , that 's the tories, 
  labour to get decimated . 
  lib dems to win a few seats and tories to get an overwhelming majority ... that sums up the news until the election unless corbyn resigns, 
  how am i blaming germany ? 
  the current monetary setup favours them , that 's all . 
  it 's the eu 's inability to effectively prevent germany 's growth exacerbating others decline, 
  i just do n't think the ez is doing enough to offset the deficit though . 
  many of the structure funds of the eu rightly go to comparatively underdeveloped nations not nations such as spain , italy or france which would almost certainly perform better with a weaker euro, 
  it 's not envy when germany is benefiting to the detriment of others . 
  the euro is weak to them and strong to other members . 
  because germany is an export focused country this benefits them greatly to the detriment of the others . 
  the ez is meant to be mutually beneficial, 
  much of this is because of germany though .
