  that 's , uh , not a particularly exciting percentage . 
  even less so when you consider all those `` we 're getting ethnically displaced and everything 's being taken over '' nuts . 
  400k is an incredibly low disingenuous number ; the guardian , daily telegraph and daily mail , three generally very different newspapers all predicted the number was closer to 1 million and certainly above 750k . 
  britain does n't record eu immigration as soon as they enter the country like germany does for example . 
  [ recently poland has overtaken india as the most common non-uk country of birth for people living in the uk ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-37183733 ) i hate racist cretins but you portray it like they are n't many poles in the uk when nearly 1 in 60 people are polish with the vast majority coming to the uk in the last 12 years . 
  that said i have no issues with poles ; due to my age i went to school with many from the age of 6/7 on wards and i have polish friends etc and they 've provided a substantial boost to the economy . 
  did you attempt to use whataboutism about the uk in reference to russia ? 
  the country that subjugated half of europe for half a century making the region significantly poorer and brutally crushed anyone that tried to stop them . 
  the soviet secret police and security services that no doubt murdered tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands of dissidence by sending them to gulags . 
  not to mention the abysmal failure that was the soviet invasion of afghanistan that at least left 1 million civilians dead . 
  the extensive list of soviet war crimes such as the murdering and raping of german civilians in ww2 ; the indiscriminate killing of civilians in hungary , czechoslovakia and in afghanistan . 
  oh not to mention being led a dictator whos actions are comparable to the crimes of nazi germany . 
  the country who just annexed a region of a sovereign country and continues to support and fight for the separatists in a war that has left thousands dead . 
  iraq was no doubt a mistake ; which left tens of thousands dead but in comparison to the destruction left in the wake of russia since ww2 ; not many countries come close . 
  russians get pissed off at nato even though the current political climate was principally motivated by how shit they treated other countries in the soviet union . 
  apart from the public was largely split on the iraq war and that was with all the false information they were provided with, 
  control over courts mostly, 
  it 's hard to say honestly . 
  a trade agreement between 27 countries and 1 is much harder to negotiate ; often a trade agreement will adversely affect some industries but benefit others but this is complicated in the eu because some countries simply do n't stand to benefit as much as others . 
  britain does n't need a trade agreement with the us nor does the us need one with the u.k. 
  it 's much easier to create a trade agreement that is mutually benefits to two parties rather then an entire trade bloc and one country . 
  the eu is stronger negotiating together ; that 's the inherent strength of a trading bloc . 
  the inherent weakness is that it 's a lot harder to satisfy all parties . 
  that 's basically the only reason i can think why may would attempt this . 
  which is exactly why i said involvement in the europe will be hard to replace . 
  i have no illusions about our trade relations with these countries but what is for certain is brits mostly think of them positively which obviously ca n't be said about the eu anymore . 
  there was always been a yearning to establish closer relations with the anglophere in the uk because the majority of brits will always view these countries more positively then our european cousins . 
  trade agreements between these countries will probably never replace the trade with the eu ; trade agreements will facilitate further trade which is always a positive however . 
  fuck that . 
  they murdered a man with radioactive material in london ; they annexed a region of a sovereign country and are supporting , supplying and fighting for separatism in two more . 
  cameron despite not being involved in minsk took a hardline by stationing troops and aircraft in the baltic and basically cutting diplomatic and military ties and i 'm honestly surprised may is trying to reverse it because i doubt it has public support . 
  brexit will undoubtedly be challenging but it will could allow us to establish closer relations with countries such as australia , new zealand , canada and the us which would be a victory for may i believe . 
  i think it 's a safe assumption brits feel closer to these nations then the eu . 
  at least that 's some potential good that can come from brexit ; but at the cost of less involvement in europe which will be difficult to replace . 
  interesting times ahead for my country . 
  i voted remain and i still would but it 's interesting , intriguing and scary knowing that we 'll have a blank canvas of trade relations eventually . 
  us president sticks to his guns which is n't surprising what so ever would be a better headline . 
  there negotiating a trade deal with a conglomerate of pacific nations and the eu which are both considerably larger markets then the uk . 
  we 'll be able to get trade agreements with the us , canada , new zealand , australia undoubtedly because of our strong relationship and cultural affinity but there not going to drop everything and start negotiating because their buddy left a trading bloc the us was already negotiating with . 
  i 'm glad may expresses concern about chinese investment in our nuclear infrastructure . 
  there warranted concerns because of the potential security implications . 
  may will take the chinese capital but she ideally wants the chinese involvement to be minimal and less hands on ; especially as china continues to antagonise british allies in the pacific with its expansionism as china is clearly using its relatively new found economic strength to gain influence and leverage globally . 
  cameron was way to lax about accepting chinese capital . 
  although i wish obama did n't intervene in the referendum retrospectively ; i think he largely had a negative affect on the remain campaign . 
  if you want the brits to do something get a foreign politician to tell them to do the opposite . 
  i do n't trust sources that refer to ukrainians as ukronazis . 
  this is clearly propaganda, 
  they were where each other were . 
  there was two section of danish soldiers , some across the field over the ditch and some just before the ditch starts ; the taliban started shooting at the former but did n't realise the latter group of soldiers were near them . 
  it was so confused because the danish soldiers across the field tried to return fire not realising that friendly troops are practically on top of the enemy ; when they finally realise the taliban are there they are basically already dead as it does n't look like they had a way to escape . 
  i 've heard from a lot of ex soldiers that you hardly even see the taliban during a firefight , this seems like a rare situation . 
  i am sorry , i thought it was obvious that i wasn \u00b4 t arguing with the fact you are , indeed , geographically in europe still . 
  that \u00b4 s why i wrote mentally . 
  just wtf ? 
  why argue that we are no longer european then ? 
  unless european to you means not a member of the european union . 
   i am not sure if i am living in the same reality with you . 
   i think we both know the whole idea of brexit was getting foreigners out of your country . 
  the leave-voters clearly very much tought voting leave means deporting the one \u00b4 s who are already in your country . 
  politicians have made it pretty clear that eu nationals already in the uk can remain . 
  the government have strongly inferred that as long as the permanent resident status of uk citizens in the eu is protected that eu citizens in the uk will be . 
  [ `` when we do leave the eu , we fully expect that the legal status of eu nationals living in the uk , and that of uk nationals in eu member states , will be properly protected . 
  '' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/statement-the-status-of-eu-nationals-in-the-uk )  i think we both know the whole idea of brexit was getting foreigners out of your country . 
  the leave-voters clearly very much tought voting leave means deporting the one \u00b4 s who are already in your country . 
  thats strange ; can you show me an example of a politician saying that we 'll deport eu nationals if we leave ? 
  because i keep up with current affairs and i doubt i would 've missed that . 
   yes i know , your need to have the best deal possible has been more than clear . 
  i don \u00b4 t think anyone has argued you don \u00b4 t want to have `` good relations '' ( meaning good trade deals ) that obviously would benefit you . 
  trade is mutually beneficial and we enjoyed and will continue to enjoy good relations with europe . 
   oh , really ? 
  and here i was , thinking the whole idea behind brexit was emotional `` independence '' - crying . 
  you know , since it was a vote based purely on feelings , not on actual facts . 
  maybe if you vote ukip and like farage ; like 13 % of the population ; and you could make an informed leave vote on facts . 
  thats why the referendum was so close ; remain would 've won by a landside if what you 're saying is true . 
  both sides lied ; no doubt though . 
   i know i am not welcomed to your country , but i know i am welcomed to for example the netherlands . 
  britons would welcome any skilled immigration almost universally ; i 'd personally welcome you if you did n't come here to commit nefarious acts . 
   sigh . 
  i am happy you are happy with the outcome ( you sure sound like a leave-voter , going so far you critize people for protesting . 
  brexit will affect millions of lives , very possibly ruining millions , just because you personally are not affected doesn \u00b4 t mean this is not going to happen ) . 
  all i am saying that no , it is not so simple that you leave , get the best deals possible and dodge the difficult questions like greece and the refugees and continue to have influence and close relations with the rest of the europe . 
  you are going to be isolated more than you are right now . 
  let \u00b4 s just drop it , this is fruitless . 
  i actually voted remain ; its your prerogative to believe otherwise of course but simply browsing my reddit account will tell you otherwise . 
  i voted remain not because i liked the eu in its current form , i think the eu needs drastic reforms ; i voted remain because i preferred the status quo and the ability to influence the future decisions / reforms of the eu within it . 
  after all ; if continental europe is prosperous we indirectly benefit as trading partners . 
  although the referendum was close ; people do n't want a second referendum which is the only way apart from another general election where people would be able to establish a democratic mandate to remain . 
  if i was a betting man i 'd bet on brexit , not remain , like the majority of britons, 
  i 'm surprised he did n't get above the requirements honestly ; law is infamously competitive ( some would argue saturated ) in the uk and wages in london are higher then all other regions . 
  it 's always a shame on an individual basis but a briton would 've been treated the same in the us if they did n't meet their visa requirements . 
  outside of a political union most people emigrate for high paying jobs anyway ; 50 % of my generation will be going to university . 
  think of american or british expats ; chances are if they moved they did so for a high paying job in a technological and or competitive industry ; a union like the eu facilitates further emigration for people but this is n't really utilised by brits to any comparable extent that countries like poland does . 
  brits ; apart from pensioners do n't really live in other eu countries to the extent other eu nationals do here . 
  this wo n't change post brexit . 
  no politician argued for eu citizens to leave ; some argued that eu immigration was unsustainable and many agreed with them . 
  we are not european in the sense of the word ? 
  you mean we are no longer inhabits of europe the continent ? 
  damn ; did n't know my county had psychically moved in the past few months . 
  the u.k. did n't want to be in a political union anymore which is perfectly valid although i disagreed with the majority . 
  just because people wanted to leave the eu does n't mean they wanted poor relations with the eu ; it just meant they believed we were better out of it then in it .
