  the fact that we are talking about millions of people mean that of course there are ugly people and beautiful people in both countries . 
  but the idea that one people are beautifier then another is stupid, 
  kek . 
  there is n't much variation in women in each country from what i 've seen tbh ... 
  it just seems to be hair colour that changes . 
  i went to germany and they just looked like women back home , its probably just confirmation bias more then anything . 
  we should be north western along with ireland if anything, 
  i 've just recently discovered this channel and it has some interesting debates on some historical topics , such as british appeasement prior to ww2 but also current topics such as the impact of merkel and europe 's stance with russia . 
  the debates are well rounded and seem to be balanced from the ones i 've seen so far . 
  its not really a fair comparison when you look at the assets nato had available to them such as airstrikes whereas the russian troops can not call upon those for aid . 
  equally the war in afghanistan was a war of counter insurgency and the taliban in the later years of the war focused primarily on ied 's to inflict causalities and restrict isaf troop movements as i imagine engaging an opponent that is unarguably better trained , better equiped and can call upon airstrikes and artillery is nothing short of suicide . 
  it all depends on what the school teaches you simply and what exam boards they use etc. . . 
  i certainly learned a lot about empire, 
   the uk is far from running out of land to build on . 
  a lot of the land what they can build more houses on is green belt land , so that complicates things, 
  the uk has a population density 10x more then sweden . 
  if we had more land and more areas to build housing in ( the uk is not building enough houses for people to live in ) , i 'd like to think we 'd accept more immigrants too . 
  i suppose the uk 's version of this is people getting confused with our terminology such as britain , great britain , united kingdom , british isles etc. . . and well , there are always those stupid people that refer to the uk as england which i suppose the dutch can relate to always been called holland . 
  such a retarded statement using troop numbers alone . 
  even more retarded when you consider that the website you linked has the uk as the most powerful military power in europe and fifth in the world . 
   the allies were making a-bombs . 
  long before the ussr had its hands on the technology . 
  how did the allies know it would 've been 4 years until the soviets tested their first nuclear weapon ? 
  in retrospect it looks simple right , the americans have nuclear weapons the soviets do not so the allies win , do n't you think they considered that ? 
  furthermore the production of these weapons was not enough to destroy the soviet army and it still vastly outnumbered the allies , stop living in a fucking dream world , did eastern europe suffer under communism ? 
  yes . 
  could the west feasibly do something after ww2 ? 
  no , not really and even if it did , it did n't have the will power after a world war to defeat one dictatorship just to move onto a more powerful one . 
   and was in very bad condition and without nuclear weapon . 
  it vastly [ outnumbered ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/allied_army_positions_on_10_may_1945.png ) the allies in europe . 
  they outnumbered the western allies 4:1 and 2:1 in tanks . 
  the allied commanders considered a fast , decisive war against the soviets inconceivable and would 've instead been a long and protracted war just after ww2 had ended . 
  if you think the western allies could 've beaten them and somehow liberated poland , you 're knowledge and interpretation of history is retarded . 
  a war against the su in 1945 would 've simply meant more countries living under communism , not less . 
  you mean churchill did n't start ww3 and place the entirety of continental europe under communism as the british and americans did n't have the man power to possibly face the su . 
  stop been unrealistic , britain could n't do shit about poland and stalin was n't going to give it was he . 
  labour making jeremy corbyn the leader after a terrible general election would be the equivalent of shooting yourself in the foot then shooting yourself in the head . 
  he is the opposite of what labour need , without appealing to the center labour wo n't win an election . 
  i needed an x-ray and i got one the same day ... 
  what attributes on the f-22 are stronger then a typhoons ? 
  it always seems like that is a highly opinionated topic from what i understand with both aircraft having some advantage over the other . 
  from what i understand how good a fighter jet is very opinionated but people tend to argue that the f-22 raptor and the eurofighter are the best fighters and since they were both introduced after the mig-31 i think its a fair assumption that the eurofighter typhoon is a better fighter , but i could be wrong . 
  its saddening for me because of the lack of investment in other parts of england means i 'll most likely have to move to the south east / london when i finish my degree to get a related job , alternatively i could work in leeds or manchester or another big regional cities but the jobs are not as abundant and the wages are not typically as high . 
  unfortunately the house prices in se england / london are crazy , my secondary school economics teacher had a job working at the treasury and moved to yorkshire because of a cheaper housing market . 
  a better job market , increased wages and a higher standard of living and more social mobility, 
  you are the devil if you voted conversatives , despite them making the uk the fastest growing economy in the g7, 
  you 're retarded , just like your gun control . 
  no he has n't  jesus , that porn thing is so annoying to hear about so lets clear things up . 
  its not a law , the government was considering making it law but instead encouraged isp 's to introduce a filter , so the main ones did . 
  this filter is automatically on for new customers but for existing customers it is not ( therefore this has not affected the vast majority of people ) and all you simply have to do is phone your isp to get the filter turned off . 
  i do n't agree with it been opt out rather then opt in but people who are ill informed seem to think that we ca n't view porn or something anymore which is n't true . 
  i 'm not against all isp 's offering a filter to block out explicit content , what i am against is new customers having to opt out of the filter whereas it should be opt in . 
  edit : for virigin media , one of the uk 's biggest isp 's it is simply a tick box of yex/no for the filter . 
  people see the conversatives as the party of economic competence and labour as the party of compassion . 
  me like many others voted for conversatives because of their economic policy . 
  or french, 
  if what she says here is true http://joinfo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/128.jpg it seems like the rebel commander was going to order his men to fire regardless . 
  i know what can be placed inside a cluster bomb , but the primary use is anti-personal . 
  modern armies i imagine have more effective and favourable ways of taking out tanks, 
  they are n't really used against tanks . 
  mostly infantry . 
  simon ostrovsky and henry langston have provided some great videos on the conflict, 
  seems like there are some contrasting opinions amongst the mods . 
  cluster bombs really are horrible , it is largely indiscriminate and much of the small bombs go unexploded and essentially sit there as mines , which civilians die to regularly . 
  its a shame china , russia , the united states , india , israel , pakistan and brazil did n't sign the convention on cluster munition . 
  the quality of discussion there since the general election has turned into a anti-tory circle jerk . 
  economy doing well ? 
  the iraqi army was disbanded in 2003 after the successful invasion . 
  the occupation lasted 8 years and isis is the successor to al qaeda in iraq . 
  the stupid decisions by the us was partially responsible for them becoming so powerful today , like disbanding a large army , making 100,000 's unemployment in an army where many take there guns home . . 
  i wonder what they 'd do with that . 
  they also banned the baath party , which made up the majority of public servants and stopped them having jobs in the new government , another stupid idea . 
  i mean paul bremer is pretty much the most incompetent person in the 21st century . 
  they built 1 of the the 2 prototype tigers but it was essentially really unreliable and had constant technical issues . 
  the engine in the tiger ( p ) drove electrical generators which in turn drove electrical motors which powered the tracks however this required a lot of copper , something they did n't have every much of as well as constantly breaking down . 
  they are our mortal frienemies, 
  rule britannia , britannia rules the ... elements, 
  i picked up on it . 
  but he is using the vietnam war as an argument of why the uk is n't the us 's lapdog whereas that really arose from the iraq war, 
  when people use that argument it is more in reference to the iraq war not the cold war, 
  the us had over 60,000 dead for a lost war , so yes , i 'm glad we did n't join an unwinnable war . 
  you handled the war poorly and could 've taken at least some lessons from the malayan emergency be it on a much smaller scale . 
  a source to prove obama said the commons vote decided if the us invaded or not . 
  i think he mentioned somewhere that it was influential, 
  glad we avoided that terrible war . 
   lincoln lincoln was n't exactly a world leader , more like a leader of a premature country that required a war to end slavery, 
  `` gives us much greater confidence about the strength of the transatlantic union '' . 
  the us sees the uk as its eu representative basically, 
  lol , if people want it they can fucking pay for it like we have to . 
  am i right in saying that british troops police the northern / southern cypriot border or is that the un, 
  why is gang violence so rampant in malmo ? 
  gangs fighting for power ? 
   at least with giffgaff and plusnet . 
  they seem to be the exception not the rule, 
   it is . 
  isps have to enable the filter by default really ? 
  tell me , what is this law called ? 
   i worked in the uk for almost a year so this suddenly makes you qualified expert on the uk i see . 
   i had to call my isp , and send them a copy of my passport to lift the filter other people have noted its simply a tick box of yes/no  so stop defending your retarded , puritan , censorship-loving , right wing lunatic pm . 
  this is horrible authoritarian bullshit , and nothing you said changes that .
