there is n't a referendum , yet . 
  its bringing a lot of uncertainly , i think the two main factors are people do n't view ed miliband as a leader and the conservatives are losing both mp 's and voters to ukip . 
  the outcome is certainly going to be interesting , but that does n't make it ideal, 
  in a hypothetical united states of europe is n't their so many problems to be solved before we reach that step which seems decades away if anything . 
  those countries also have no influence on laws that effect the market though if i understand correctly so its a trade off, 
  so the supreme court rules they can not whereas individual states say they can ? 
  which one is more legitimate, 
   similarly the existence of the us undermines the democracy of californians and texans thats a pretty bad example , the us states can not leave whereas an individual state in the uk or eu can  personally i would prefer to live in a federal europe that could serve as a balancing force to the us and china in the global economy does n't it already do that on an economic level ? 
  i 've always seen the eu as an economic union more then anything else, 
  just curious , what is the main argument for you wanting the uk to leave the eu ? 
  you can still be proud of your country and still want to be in the eu . 
  the biggest problem in terms of media is the daily mail which i believe is unfortunately the best selling tabloid . 
  i 'd honestly like to see a laid out argument for and against membership in the eu edit : have n't read through it yet but after a quick google i think i found a balanced argument http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20448450, 
  this is because their is a lack of vocal support for the eu informing people why the eu is beneficial whereas with the anti-eu side of things there is a lot of vocal advocates . 
  people are simply disproportionally informed on the negatives in comparison to the positives . 
   it would n't be expensive nor difficult for russian propaganda industry to set up such a photoshoot . 
  no it would n't but from i 've seen some news reports and documentaries its highly plausible that they 're nazis serving in volunteer regiments . 
  but i suppose if any country allowed people to set up what is essentially volunteer armies you 'd probably get a few shady groups . 
   official , recognized volunteer territorial defense battalions have all been merged with mod and mia by the end of 2014 . 
  well that is shitty, 
  most likely a volunteer battalion which are plentiful . 
  although they coordinate with the army i do not think they are considered part of the ua what so ever, 
  not really worried about putin that they 'd have to use there own armed forced to counter him . 
  which is realistic with nuclear weapons and all ... 
  there was a lot of criticism and objection surrounding the olympics as we were recovering from a recession, 
  wow ... not one diplomat ? 
  just send a translator with one of them or something . 
  did they even want to be involved ? 
  they did n't seem to try . 
  i suppose its because the foreign office thinks everyone speak english anyway which is n't necessarily wrong , especially amongst government officials but its still so ignorant . 
   i think no country should hold more sway or power in the eu than any other . 
  thats a ridiculous statement . 
  luxembourg is a country of 500,000 whereas germany is one of 81,000,000 . 
  so you 're staying germany , a country 162 times the size of luxembourg , should hold the same amount of `` sway '' and power ? 
  i ca n't see the future no , but if i was to envision any future it would n't be belgium and austria as leading european powers . 
  austria has a population of 9 million and belgium 11 million . 
  there are 7 countries that are more populous then belgium and countries like poland continue to grow massively annually economically, 
  there is nothing to argue about when you 're blatantly wrong . 
  i would 've thought it was sarcasm but you thought switzerland was in the eu so i have to naturally doubt your intelligence, 
  russia is n't in the eu . 
  you 're stupidity is showing again . 
  if you were ranking eu countries in terms of power it would be germany  france / uk  italy  spain / poland it 's not as outlandish as belgium or austria, 
  it does n't matter , how would belgium or austria lead the eu ? 
  even if you take the uk and germany out of the picture it would be france , italy or poland . 
  the fact that you live in the uk and do n't even know what countries are in the eu while talking about its leadership is laughable . 
  it does n't matter if half the population want to leave , the most powerful countries will always lead the eu in some form or another as they possess the most influence . 
  the fact that you did n't know switzerland was n't in the eu makes me doubt your knowledge on the subject very much . 
  switzerland is n't even in the eu and if germany was n't the `` leader '' it would be france or the uk not belgium or austria, 
  i 've never heard of howard shore , what even is he ? 
  advantages * more fuel efficient * can qualify for lower road tax * sometimes lower insurance * less depreciation disadvantages * higher cost for diesel cars * higher fuel costs * higher maintenance costs a lot of it varies from model to model and how much you actually drive  the consumer champion which ? 
  examined a number of popular vehicles to discover which was cheapest over three years or 36,000 miles . 
  for example , a diesel vw golf is # 442 cheaper on average over those three years , whereas the petrol ford fiesta was cheaper than the diesel engine , unless you kept it for more than eight years . 
  overall , which ? 
  found that the petrol engine was almost always the best choice for motorists covering 11,000 or less miles a year . 
  source : https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/is-a-car-diesel-much-cheaper-than-petrol-151945955.html, 
  in the uk they tax based on carbon emissions , could vw vehicles have this potentially manipulated ? 
  are these the same that were meant to be sold to russia or completely different, 
  triggered connected to france, 
  just like europhiles would like to see the uk metaphorically burn if it left the eu because that would confirm their opinion and prediction and stop other member states reconsidering membership . 
  whereas eurosceptics would want the uk to prosper and thrive outside europe . 
  nope, 
  let them have another referendum if the uk votes to leave and do n't if the uk votes to stay in , seems fairly simple . 
  making the uk a federation instead of a union will fix these problems in the long term . 
  split england into regional parliaments and give them the same autonomy as scotland and apply this to wales and northern ireland also . 
  scotland is a country of 5 million , more people live in london by far then scotland and 53 million live in england . 
  the only feasible way to solve this problem would not be an `` english parliament '' as that would essentially dictate what the other parliaments can and can not do as england is simply huge in comparison to others in the union . 
  a federation splitting england into regional government of ~ 5 million with the same autonomy of scotland , wales and ni that are all represented in westminster would be a good idea imo . 
  completely unrealistic though, 
  why not both , just because germany benefits from giving countries money does n't mean its a bad thing, 
  you better tell the western european countries to stop accidentally giving those countries money then, 
  i can somewhat grasp it verbally and i 'm pretty proficient in writing irish english ... , 
  chances are with such cheap prices and well paid staff somebody must be getting undercut , i would n't be surprised if they `` bullied '' suppliers in to lowing prices to mitigate the prices of their products and wage of employees . 
  however , i could be completely wrong . 
   it is propaganda . 
  most of europe are filled with leftists and news organizations are playing their flute . 
  they will only focus on `` poor '' refugees , how `` harmless '' , defenseless '' they are . 
  they show misleading footage that there are mostly women and children out of these refugees . 
  its not like the video shows male refugees aggressively throwing stones and bottles  the rape rates spiked unreasonably high especially in germany . 
  refugees being offered shelter , food and clothes in poland yet over a night they disappear and march to the wealthier countries . 
  france - women are brutally beaten by refugee women for sunbathing in bikini in park . 
  austria - 3 teen - refugees caught and raped camp manager . 
  all the 100,000 's of refugees must be rapist , intolerant and extremist muslims then , i mean i 've read a wide variety of sources that report on a few isolated incidents to generalize 100,000 's of people / s, 
  the bbc is mostly unbiased domestically . 
  since its such a massive organisation you can typically find two completely different stories on the same international subject that are quite different in approach . 
  for example this article is largely critical http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34270077 whereas you can find others that are sympathetic, 
  if you would actually watch the coverage what op claims you 'd see its simply an assumption by him and the fact that they were showing the refugees throwing rocks and bottles but somehow do n't want to show them shouting god is great . 
  stop making baseless assumptions on the basis of a threads title and actually watch it yourself ( all you need is a uk postcode , easy enough ) and make an informed decision . 
  some people on this sub are just fucking sponges that take the title of a thread or article as fact without trying to even make a decision themselves, 
  from what i understand a lot of state funded western media is biased in the refugee crisis , its just easier to criticize the bbc on / r/europe as the one common language we can all read and write is english therefore if for example a swedish public funded news agency was equally biased or maybe even more so and only publishes in swedish it probably is n't going to be criticized here but if anything in / r/sweden, 
  well they are n't necessarily aiming to kill isis fighters outright i imagine unless they are people of importance or threat . 
  killing 330 isis grunts will have a marginal impact in comparison to killing 330 isis officers . 
  they also target assets such as vehicles and heavy weapons which will hurt isis in the long term, 
  there is, 
   ten years or so ago the thories wanted to create jobs so they created an environment that creates many `` shitty jobs '' but with a sort of `` universal top-off '' benefit as long as you work . 
  the last time there was a tory government not led by cameron was 1997 led by john major , that 's 18 years ago, 
  small victory for the conservatives in britain . 
  perhaps this will help the pro-eu side in the referendum . 
  a real threat or not people in the uk seem to think a lot of people come to the uk from the eu for the social benefits which from my own perspective seems largely untrue but i have n't seen any statistics to be informed on the subject so i wo n't touch that subject until i 'm educated on it , however this does n't affect hard working migrants from the eu anyway it seems . 
  strange including the falklands islands as its not technically part of the uk but a british overseas territory and i doubt they have any refugees having a population of ~ 2000 and been largely isolated from the western world as well as this it does n't have connections to other [ british overseas territories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ) which makes me believe this is an error, 
  key points of the article  her majesty 's inspectorate of constabularies said it was easier to own a gun than become a bus driver because of flaws in medical checks .
