  thats simply not true . 
  nothing was free during the two world wars , someone paid for it . 
   greece is the underdog here - and are the ones barking war . 
  do you know what he actually said, 
  well i said essentially end the world . 
  which dropping 200 nukes on the world would effectively would lead to every country failing in some capacity be it economic , political or sheer destruction and s significant portion of the population would be dead , so the world would be * effectively * over . 
  so if 200 nukes could achieve that , why do you need 5000 or even 500 in event of a nuclear war edit : nope i said it would, 
  i mean hitting even the largest country with 200 nukes in areas of population build up would essentially destroy that country . 
  there becomes a time were you have diminishing with nuclear weapons . 
  for example if nuclear war would the us really need 5000, 
  it 's very debatable who is the principle european power out of france and the uk , especially when the qe carriers are built . 
  so russia wan na to know how many nukes we have . 
  do n't they become fairly useless after s certain number anyway i mean what does 500 nukes give you what 200 does n't i mean their is no need to nuke one area twice and 200 is enough to destroy the world, 
  i 'm more inclined to vote to remain at the moment but this referendum is good nevertheless , although i imagine growth will be comparatively stagnant this year , businesses do n't like uncertainly regardless of which side they 'd back which is n't substantial in in the long term given that the this referendum decides potentially dramatic economic , political and social changes, 
   nevertheless your argumentation is logical in itself and it 's allways nice to be able to have a civil debate on reddit . 
  likewise   however it might be the case that with kitcheners more intensive warfare the anger on the enemy rose and it might have been an `` intended sideffect '' to reduce the number boers to prevent future conflicts . 
  a policy of scorched earth is often used a method of last resort when the fighting gets more fierce and moral standards are quickly eroding . 
  it 's hard to determine afterwards how much intention and how much situational pressure has lead to certain actions . 
  its definitely a possibility that it was an intended side effect which i remember my history teacher bringing up in a level history . 
  the boers were primarily farmers and such they gained resources to sustain the war from farms . 
  as well as this the farms were obviously their livelihood and contained their families , so for your source of income and food to be taken away and your family sent to a camp in which they had a reasonable risk of dying must 've been overwhelmingly demoralising . 
  in terms of genocide or negligence its certainly very debatable , my best assumption would be that without pressure from the public / government those responsible for the camps saw little to gain in improving the conditions, 
  because the armenian genocide and the boer concentration camps are completely comparable / s, 
  considering that when roberts was in charge of the british forces the death rates were comparatively low but when kitchener was in charge and started a scorched earth policy the influx of refugees put tremendous strain on the camps which led to death rates rising substantially . 
  i would partially agree with you if the death rates were consistent throughout the war however i think the deaths were largely due to negligence as the british were not prepared to deal with the impact upon civilians of the scorched earth policy . 
   the term concentration camp saw ** wider ** use during the second boer war the second world war saw wider use of the word nazi , does that mean it was invented then ? 
  a concentration camp is simply a camp housing people albeit , mostly against peoples will and sometimes throughout history they also had forced labour but what most people think of as concentration camps in the nazi sense , were n't concentration camps but death camps . 
  just after the second boer war and the same year the entente cordial was signed , anglo-german relations were probably at an all time low . 
  is n't this wwi german propaganda ? 
  this imgur album is just full of / r/badhistory which clearly has an agenda with a clear use of selective and biased sources . 
  from my even limited knowledge of some of these events a lot of these points are easily refuted probably only with the exception of the irish famine and i do n't know much about the aden crisis, 
  european nations historically naturally group up against a larger threat even disregarding pre-consisting conflicts . 
  britain joined an alliance with france and russia prior to the first world war because it saw germany as the biggest threat to its empire with recent colonial and naval expansion but despite this , britain , france and russia certainly were n't natural allies . 
  the british had disputes with france throughout africa , particularly egypt and the british and russian disputes in persia and afghanistan was largely seen as a russian threat to the jewel of the empire , india . 
  i think the same is applicable today with russia , even if the eu was to disband tomorrow countries would still find their foreign policy generally align , even disregarding nato . 
  i never personally understood the appeal of dr who internationally honestly . 
  for most people in the uk it 's a family show which not many people intently watch . 
  [ luther ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aewronrlery ) , sherlock , [ peaky blinders ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em12mctei88 ) , [ war and peace ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-bcmuehe5c ) and now [ the night manager ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-zcakdvml8 ) all are very good bbc shows what i thought of off the top of my head . 
  if you like historically inspired shows try war and peace , i have n't personally seen it but i 've heard nothing but good things . 
  the night manager is promising and is only 2 episodes in so not bingeworthy but easy to catch up i suppose . 
  edit : i 've also heard good thing about the last kingdom , london spy and poldark . 
  damn i love the bbc, 
  the one in england is an anglican church not a catholic one . 
  i think i figured out how to stop global warming, 
  best of luck to them if they actually attempt this . 
  i wonder if the uk or france will get involved but i imagine if they do it will be a support role similarly to mali where the british helped the french with equipment as that type of support is certainly helpful and does n't really cause much domestic controversy . 
  a northern irish , welsh and scottish country does n't strike me as very economically viable . 
  leaders always seemed to either be remembered because they were terrible , amazing or controversial . 
  people like churchill and margaret thatcher i imagine people will still know as well as this i imagine blair will still be known due to the iraq war which will probably taught in history within 50 years . 
  makes sense that aircraft carriers have the most i suppose . 
  i think the navy started a recruitment drive so it could man the qe carriers i 'm not sure, 
  in contract a ww2 king george v class battleship was probably close to a thousand, 
  [ this site compares the strengths of military 's and it appears like the biggest disparity between greece and the uk is patrol boats ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=united-kingdom&amp;country2=greece&amp;submit=compare ) . 
  interesting the hellenic armed forces supposedly have more personnel then the british but thats honestly not surprising . 
  just because a company is not headquartered somewhere does n't mean that the laws where it operates are n't applicable . 
  the back doors do n't have anything to go with where apple is based , it would be equally applicable if they were headquartered in romania because it still operates in the us, 
  thing is a religion is hard to define , i mean in the case of scientology it 's certainly a cult but many other foundations beliefs are no more substantiated then main stream religions, 
  ah sorry for misunderstanding . 
  does a tactical nuclear weapon have any advantages over s conventional bomb ? 
  how do you define tactical nuclear weapons ? 
  i thought you were referring to all nuclear weapons, 
  well the uk buys the weapon system to launch its own nuclear warheads . 
  it 's like saying the vast countries in europe that have f-16s do n't own them because the us made them . 
  what are the constitutional roles of the president and chancellor in austria , is it comparable to germany ? 
  well , you 're the embodiment of stupid naivety, 
  austria 's president seemed somewhat critical of countries reluctant to take refugees in a european wide distribution a few months ago , why the change of tone are they simply overwhelmed ? 
  well , we have an un-codified constitution, 
  honestly , you could make a substantiated argument for germany , russia , austria-hungary or even serbia . 
  there is no right or wrong in regards to who started the first world war as you can make a reasonable argument for all of those four . 
  i never knew england once had a habsburg monarch ? 
  and you know turkey not reaching the requirements anywhere in the foreseeable future which only looks more bleak as turkey becomes more authoritarian, 
  i hate uneducated europhiles like you . 
  and i 'd consider myself neutral atm in regards to eu, 
  is this the one where jeremy was taking about his talks with fellow socialists in brussels ? 
  if he would 've talked decisively instead of simply letting them continue the tory backbenchers would have probably have stopped . 
  it 's more s sign of lack of respect more then the actual joke, 
  from what i understand the merger would largely be administrative and would n't necessarily affect the actual stocks that much . 
  it would n't exactly be that you 'd suddenly be able to suddenly buy british stocks in the german stock exchange and vice versa, 
  you 've literally managed to offend everyone, 
  what would this do to the ftse ? 
  what are the difference between a modern frigate and say a british type 45 destroyer in modern naval warfare ? 
  do frigates have more of a anti-submarine role whereas destroyers are anti-air ? 
  [ they 'd almost certainly vote for us to stay ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/4010648/original.jpg ), 
  the uk is doing fine ... 
  you do realize our pm is pro-eu right ? 
  he was forced in this position by the rise of ukip and substantial eu skepticism within his own party . 
  i think its safe to infer that the conservatives party would be in a state of rebellion without the referendum, 
  [ 2001 best year of my life ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xibxypqv1by ), 
  there basically bots anyway , can anyone even name their mep ? 
   you are a powerful country that is not pulling their weight . 
  what good does your military do for the eu ? 
  what could the british military do for the eu which it is n't already doing ? 
  invade russia in the winter perhaps ? 
   why are n't you accepting refugees like the rest of us . 
  we are , 20,000 of the most vulnerable ones from un camps in middle eastern countries , not the most able bodied ones who paid smugglers to get to europe despite being in a safe country , turkey . 
  moreover many of the ` refugees ' are economic migrants . 
   what exactly have the british done for the eu for example compared to germany or sweden ? 
  championed the free movement of goods , free trade deals and the expansion of the eu eastward to the former warsaw pact . 
  thats right uk , denmark , sweden , poland , czech republic , hungry , croatia and romania , how dare you not join the euro which is incredibly favourable for a country like deutschland uber alles but not its southern counterparts, 
  over my dead body frenchie,
