  no they do n't . 
  if the people want change you can see it from a mile away . 
  the closest thing a democracy experiences to turbulence is no government being formed or a very close democratic decision such as brexit . 
  crazy shit does happen all the time but in a democracy things are quite stable and probable , hence why it 's so popular . 
  we do n't act on the whims of dictators . 
  so sturgeon could declare herself god of all animals , empress of celts and defier of the sea and somehow take over ireland but it probably wo n't happen . 
  the difference is they speak about it as a hypothesise , europe often speaks about it like a genuine possibility . 
  it is n't . 
  it would look cool if norway , sweden and finland united and denmark was annexed by germany for being a weird sticky out bit in the north sea . 
  meanwhile boris just reaffirmed the uk will always play an indispensable role in security and defence in europe ... 
  the us has been our biggest military partner since the second world war and will continue to be . 
  france has been a strong partner since 1904 and no doubt will continue to be since our geopolitical aims have not changed the uks military foremost commitment will be nato like it always been been which the vast majority of eu states are part of and some that are n't such as sweden , regularly take part in nato military exercise with us including one happening in scotland now . 
  this is a non-story, 
  that 's definitely not an option outside of / r/europe, 
  why would they move to portugal ? 
  so many portuguese emigrate , because economic stagnation ever since joining the euro . 
  if companies will move anywhere it 'll be to northern european country which are open to business and have a similar business culture to the uk . 
  the dutch , the irish , the germans , the swedes will benefit the most from businesses moving . 
  portugal is far down the list of attractive places to move , its biggest pulling factor , the climate , still does n't put it in contention over places like spain and italy . 
  i agree . 
  / r/europe is very combative amongst its various ideologies and nationalities . 
  i do n't bother reading threads about ni anymore . 
  they just turn into a shit flinging contest about the troubles . 
  saw an article about the serb perspective on nato bombing . . over a hundred comments amongst people who are never gon na agree with one another using arguments that one another never give weight to . 
  people on this sub do n't fundamentally understand that history or politics for that matter is not an open and shut case of right vs wrong and therefore their argument is indispensably correct and the one whom they are arguing are a complete idiot . 
  it 's about context , perspective and facts . 
  you can argue that principally hitler invaded the soviet union because of ideology , resources , british commitment to the war , growing soviet strength / industrialisation . 
  none of them are correct nor wrong until you assess the comparative weight of the arguments and even then you never can an clear cut case , just an expanded argument . 
  you ca n't really debate on this sub but just combatively argue . 
  i 'd say it did n't use to be like this but then again i ca n't remember what it was like a few years ago . 
  the quality of debate certainly seemed degraded after brexit , any matter to do with the uk degraded into those pro and against the u.k. 
  in any given manner flinging shit at one another pragmatism would be a welcomed sight in this sub . 
  i voted remain and i 'm probably centre-leftish and i stay away from that eco-chamber doomsday society . 
  / r/ukpolitics is more representative of the general u.k. population , lib dems are over represented ( yah ! ), 
  but that 's expected because of the youth of the internet . 
  the sub is a much better place for discussion and debate then / r/uk which tries to pretend that those who are right wing are some evil inconceivable alien race not their compatriots, 
  it 's not solely an economic matter though is it ? 
  the eu is also a political organisation . 
  the security arrangements are firmly cemented in the eu . 
  the eu quite likes having the extensive arm of the british security services but the british also want things from the negotiations . 
  it 's pretty clear cut . 
  rudd was reasonable but that gets them less clicks, 
  another example of redditors jumping to conclusions on the basis of a headline not an article . 
  it 's definitely a repost . 
  i think we both agree that social mobility is s good thing but that just minimises the problem , it does n't fundamentally fix it . 
  a break on eu immigration like cameron got in the negotiation would 've from the very beginning of eu enlargement but it does very little when the low skilled job market has been saturated for over a decade . 
  i think that assertion is fundamentally flawed though . 
  you will always have poor people who need low skilled jobs regardless of the availability of education in s country . 
  as someone from a working class family that goes to university , the financial aspect is not really a barrier . 
  maintenance loans , although being loans , are proportionate to household income which largely solves that issue , not ideal , but not terrible either . 
  moving on . 
  free trade benefits the working class in similar ways that it benefits the rest . 
  however the rest are n't so negatively affected by it as the working class . 
  when you push them out of industry , you further the role of banks making credit readily available and you saturate the remaining low skilled market with immigration it 's quite obvious why the majority of the working class voted for brexit . 
  i like immigration but in retrospect we should 've done two things , ideally both but one would 've certainly stopped brexit . 
  britain allowed immigration from the enlarged eu immediately ( no surprise , blair pushed for it ) . 
  in retrospect the u.k. should 've held out as long as other larger countries like germany and france so initial immigration would 've been more proportionate 2 . 
  britain should have asked for special treatment . 
  do n't hand me / r/europe , lem me explain . 
  due to english being the global language i believe it should 've been able to set a reasonable limit on eu immigration on a yearly basis , perhaps in conjunction with ireland , allowed by our purposeful exclusion from schengen . 
  because britain was always to be hit hard with immigrants because although economically it is comparable to france , germany , the netherlands etc. 
  the language sets us apart from them substantially, 
  google wage growth in the u.k. and compare it to gdp growth . 
  the principle reason i believed this happened was because of the financialisation of the uk economy under thatcher beginning in 1983 . 
  this gave impetus to globalisation and growth of financial services . 
  both of which increased income inequality . 
  the former because british industry ca n't really compete with foreign labour costs and the latter exacerbates that by making credit readily available meaning people are increasingly reliant on debt , not income to fuel consumption and therefore growth of the uk economy . 
  take this in combination with migration of eu countries and you can see why the working classes voted for brexit . 
  they were pushed out of industry and then low skilled services became saturated by eu immigration making it even more difficult for them . 
  brexit looks like a clear cut decision for those on this sub and i voted remain . 
  but the working class have the least to lose from leaving and they were already de-franchised with the eu prior to campaigning . 
  i just could n't resist the pirates of the caribbean reference mate , 
  i can see that perspective . 
  it may have changed since you left . 
  do n't get me wrong it 's can be expensive but the prices are quite varied . 
  the prices are quite low with asos 's own stuff and then go up and up with the brands . 
  it can be quite cheap if any piece of clothing you buy from this is n't another big brand but when you do they are competitive with the prices usually . 
  nobody 's done it before . 
  let 's try and set the precedent that they 're more guidelines then actual rules . . 
  puts everything in one place , usually competitive prices , decent delivery and student discount, 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  when the british were inclusive with trade post american independence it was usually because of open hostilities with other major powers . 
  further , you 're blatantly ignoring things such as the treaty of nanking and the cobden-chevalier treaty which set the basis for free trade to become mainstream amongst european colonial powers in the middle of the 19th century when has american naval dominance ever protected free trade , bar against piracy which is an international effort . 
  are you literally making this up because this does n't have a historic or modern basis ? 
  can you point to me one instance in which the us naval dominance stopped another power disrupting free trade ? 
  its a policy the globe has largely embraced with the british and then the french being the biggest proponents during the late stages of their colonial empires . 
  the us did n't emerge as a major power until post american civil war and after ww1 it retreated into isolationism but the british and french still promoted the liberal idea of free trade in a turbulent interwar world with an isolationist america , and inherently isolationist fascist / militarist / communist states like germany , japan , ussr and italy, 
  yes and in the period of pax britannia the british fought against them . 
  i mean we literally had a series of wars with china called the opium wars because they would n't let us or any other europeans trade their freely and without severe restriction . 
  what has the us done to prevent the chinese preventing extensive ( hardly anything is floated ) foreign investment domestically while partaking in it internationally ? 
  oh nothing ? 
  china was more open after the opium wars then what is in now under communist leadership and americans super power status . 
  your argument has no basis . 
  no big wars due to nuclear weapons which means major powers resort to proxy wars instead . 
  ( korea , vietnam , soviet war in afghanistan and to a lesser extent the malaysian emergency to name a few ) . 
  conventional warfare post ww2 involving a major power is very rare . 
  the suez crisis , the falklands and the gulf war are the only examples i can think of . 
  largely warfare has and will continue to be insurgent or guerrilla which is horrible ( ieds etc ) but probably preferable to two major powers flinging ballistic missiles at one another 2 . 
  protecting shipping is something nato and the rest of the world engage in because its in their mutual benefit . 
  the extensive deployment of the us navy outside of this is usually to assert geopolitical influence not to protect trade 3 .
