  that 's just an opinionated statement to make `` it could be doing better '' . 
  is there any government that could n't have done better ? 
  it is essentially one of the things that has n't recovered from the recession of 08 . 
  how is his point anymore validated then yours ? 
  its easier to criticize them when you have two examples in other developed , wealthy countries . 
  i doubt there would 've been much scrutiny if the french were the first to implement this in western europe or na for example . 
  i do n't like how he presents his theory as fact , even though it is feasible . 
   those shysters should be in jail ( with tony blair ) . 
  i mean tony blair is pretty irrelevant to the discussion here . 
  you might as well put anybodies name there who are accused of a crime . 
   well , it 's not true . 
  we currently have 20k soldiers abroad . 
  how many of those troops are actually fighting ? 
  the british army has troops in a wide variety of troops but that does n't mean they are gaining experience . 
   i really do n't think that our soldiers have less experience in conflicts , since we were involved in way more wars . 
  well you have to consider a lot of things . 
  most british army deployments such as northern ireland , iraq and afghanistan have been protracted campaigns requiring the the rotation of troops which means a large percentage of the army has gained experience in those conflicts whereas mali for example was relatively short comparatively . 
   france went out on its own and reconquered enemy territory the size of france a year or two ago in mali . 
  3,000 french troops were involved , its not really comparable to iraq which required 45,000 british troops or afghanistan that required 10,000 british troops continuously for over a decade . 
  so yes , its a fair argument that britain has more combat experience then france . 
  with the exception of mali in which britain assisted france logically in we were involved in the same conflicts and more in comparison to france in the last 20 years and contributed more then france in pretty much every conflict we were both in . 
   hese are ancient times in a perspective of every day army . 
  how it is redundant when there would most likely be a sizable amount of officers that served in the conflict . 
   this time uk would loose it miserably without heavily relying on us assistance . 
  with all the equipment , troops and ships there no they would n't , people cite the fact that we do n't have an aircraft carrier as a vulnerability until 2020 but the reality is argentina would struggle with the garrison alone . 
  are military 's are comparable in strength , but this is the only article i 've seen that lists the uk below france , even one of the sources it cites puts the uk above france http://www.globalfirepower.com/, 
  that 's a good point actually . 
  if russia were to remove all of the pro western rebels the west would have to decide between isis and assad and probably result in assad . 
  i 've never thought of that been an aim of russia 's but its seems feasible in premise, 
  which would never happen . 
  he 's a moron that is somehow one of the leading candidates of the republican nomination . 
  but that is n't surprising anymore . 
  the right in british politics is the center or even center-left in us politics it seems . 
  i 've only heard about him on reddit and not british media though , people do n't report on the us presidential candidate until they actually get their party nomination it seems . 
  at the end of the day it needs to be ratified by the individual parliaments anyway so it 'll all be put in the open eventually anyway, 
  unfortunately for the unlucky person who happens to be at a mass shooting, 
  i would agree french remained common in diplomacy but to say it was a world language comparable to english is simply not true outside of what was the french empire, 
  this only applies to england and wales however i imagine scotland will follow up, 
   bae systems rule britannia ! ... 
  he also said he would n't use trident if he became prime minister , making comments like that gives me reassurance though , the more stupid comments he makes the easier it will be more the conservatives to win the election . 
   then the ranking is for the whole universities . 
  but naturally it will be some researchers or areas that will be better than others ... why no ranking of individuals or areas or ranking per area ? 
  they are fairly common , you can probably find numerous websites on top universities by subject or by research etc, 
  i play cs now mainly and post here quite often . 
  what you up to now days ? 
  of course , it was only hypothetical, 
  in libya and iraq they were bombing government forces with a defined border and clear lines of battle and territory . 
  isis has no defined border , it is not a conventional force , there are a fuck tonne of different groups fighting within syria . 
  the western forces in libya and iraq were targeting military assets in the knowledge that this would be backed up by ground troops be it in rebels in libya or western ground troops in iraq and thus this meant they had a clear of objective that was easily measurable and achievable . 
  whereas there is a lack of a competent force fighting isis ( only really the kurds who are small and mainly defensive ) this means that without a ground force to decisively battle isis the destroyed assets are not been exploited as much . 
  syria is made up of dozens of groups fighting each other whereas the other conflicts were made up of two sides . 
  i 'd rather western airforces carry out 20 air strikes and make sure no civilians were killed rather then 100 and a complete disregard for civilians . 
  killing civilians will just mean more people joining isis on the basis of propaganda portraying the western governments as evil and the relatives of the casualties seeking revenge and thus jointing these groups . 
  i think you 're correct, 
  its not too outlandish when you consider 35 % of all drivers in the world drive on the left . 
  you can link your source by clicking a relevant section like this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland#geography wiki is n't relevant if it does n't have decent sources behind it as anyone can edit it . 
  wikipedia should list sources , nor am i reading a massive wiki page to check your claims, 
   100k i highly doubt that , source ? 
  i believe that article was misleading as he only traveled like every week or something, 
  how many of those 295k are actively fighting , how many of there assets are damaged or degraded and how demoralized are their troops ? 
  i highly doubt that syria has a stronger military then libya and considering that all their forces are probably engaged in one way or another i imagine they 'll be overwhelmed if any world power invaded as i doubt they have any spare troops to fight them . 
  i imagine it happens in france as well perhaps we do n't hear about it in english media . 
  they do n't know ; which is why i do n't think it 'll work . 
  nato has already done much to unify ranks , command , logistics , ammunition etc of western militaries . 
  if the eu wants a stronger defence it should ask member states to increase funding of domestic militaries , start eu-wide arms contracts for new fighters , bombers , rifles , tanks etc ( necessitated in many countries without modern tanks especially because of amata ) and incentivise member states to use these . 
  also place a greater emphasis on actually cooperating ; the eu battle groups are a step in the right direct but there minimal in scope . 
  i would n't even make eu membership a requirement ; the u.k. and norway share much of the same geopolitical goals as the eu ; with the latter being the foremost military power in europe alongside france . 
  this avoids the downsides of an eu army while still increasing the capacity to defend one another . 
  the impetus of brexit and trump is that people have n't been getting richer . 
  the rich have gotten richer while the poor have got poorer ; largely because of the financialisation of our economy which has exacerbated inequality by making capital readily available to everyone . 
  ( right now if you 're 18 in the u.k. you can get a substantial loan within mere minutes ) . 
  this has led to the poor consuming goods beyond their increase in income and therefore being unable to pay it back which just makes them poorer ; whereas the rich just invest in assets be it real estate or stocks to constantly improve their wealth . 
  they said in a general election the europhiles would be ` purged ' in the sense that they 'll lose their seat you cretin, 
  not necessarily . 
  i voted remain and i 'd vote remain again in a second referendum ; does n't mean i want another one which at this stage will go in leaves favour for the simple reason of sheer annoyance at a second referendum being held, 
  it was german yearning for revanchism that caused ww2 , just like french hostility after the franco-prussian war contributed to hostility . 
  which is a disingenuous at best considering the fluctuations in the pound and shares since brexit . 
  london would n't be a leading financial centre if it had a shit stock exchange . 
  the london shock exchange is n't all that attractive ? 
  lol . 
  since the 80s london and new york have been at the forefront of a switch from regulated managerial capitalism to deregulated financial capitalism ( for better or worse , since 2008 most would probably argue the latter ) which made the london stock exchange incredibly attractive . 
  the ftse 100 is generally made up of multinationals not large domestic businesses like the ftse 250 . 
  nato commitments what the british are meeting as well as doing more non-nato military work across the continent . 
  it would be ironic for pretty much any other eu country to question its military commitment to nato given that the uk actually spends 2 % of its gdp ( something all nato members are meant to do ) on its military something that ca n't be said about the vast majority of eu countries my comment did n't say the uk should go against what nato wishes ( despite the eu doing that consistently with its feeble commitment to defence in most of its members ) . 
  it just gave examples of ways countries use their militarys to express influence, 
  the usa who also their military commitments in europe for political leverage ; the irony . 
  every major military power does it . 
  military 's are n't just a defence force ; they are a means for a country to express influence without firing a shot such as what britain and america are doing in eastern europe . 
  of course when the british plan on sending forces somewhere they consider the future relationship with that country and of course the biggest avenue britain can express on the baltic is through military protection , not economic means i imagine . 
  nations use their militaries as political leverage ; it would n't be outlandish for the british to ask for baltic-polish support for something in return for the maintainable or increase in british contribution to their eastern flank , training , surplus military equipment etc. 
  i would be given how much they export to england, 
  if you go far back enough in history all modern european countries had internal fighting ; that does n't undermine a modern nation state, 
  how is anyone in the u.k. subjugated ? 
  last i checked they 're all still here ; the welsh were absorbed hundreds of years ago and few would overturn that , scotland united with england voluntarily and northern ireland also clearly would prefer to be part of the uk rather then the republic for cultural reasons . 
  yeah i think that 's a safe assumption , thanks for the heads up, 
  that 's why i heard about it ; anglo-american media outlets seem to cite it as one of the only independent russian pollsters . 
  levada was recently called a foreign agent was it not ? 
  yeah ; they should n't have to though . 
  yeah troops from nato there would n't be able to defend them anyway they 're just tripwire forces, 
  defensive is fine,
