  i agree . 
  if you can get the british , french and americans to agree with the russians and chinese you can probably get a majority in the house of commons , however i 'm not opposed to consulting parliament . 
  you mean padded rugby with added adverts ? 
  [ do i win an ar-15 , a supersized coke and an american flag now ? 
  got 01 way off on the obesity / overweight one though . 
  i doubt it was just obese so i substantially underestimated the number . 
  obese or overweight, 
  who gets the loyalties from it or does it all go to the publisher ? 
  the questions they issued were n't even directly about jihadists . 
  it would be entirely different if the choices stated * i have a lot of sympathy with young muslims who leave the uk to join is fighters in syria . 
  * i have some sympathy with young muslims who leave the uk to join is fighters in syria . 
  * i have no sympathy with young muslims who leave the uk to join is fighters in syria . 
  but it did n't , there was no mention of is . 
  therefore for the sun to claim 1 in 5 british muslims support jihadists is simply dishonest and purposely presenting a biased view . 
  i 'm sort of disappointed at 75 % . 
  but at least we beat the french, 
  you do n't need a referendum to determine who has common sense or not , otherwise good result . 
  like what, 
  why did the soviet union even invade poland along with germany anyway , bitterness over the polish-soviet war or like germany did they feel like the treaty of versatile gave too much of their territory to poland ? 
  its almost like its from a british newspaper, 
  they never violate uk airspace , they fly incredibly close to it which is met with an raf escort, 
  is it possible that for some reason the russians did n't hear the warnings ? 
  and the democratic people 's republic of korea is also democratic right ? 
  a man died because he crossed a line for 17 seconds, 
  what did i say that was wrong ? 
  russia and turkey were at each others throats for the entire 19th century and the start of the 20th . 
  well they historically hate each other . 
  a nato aircraft would n't be an unidentifiable aircraft though, 
  do n't american users have permission to fly in turkish airspace ? 
  the black hand , raf , ira , udf , eta to name the ones that came to mind immediately that certainly were n't migrants or even children of migrants . 
  it seems overwhelmingly that terrorist groups are either separatists or far right / far left not islamic extremists , but perhaps that will change . 
  most of the terrorist separatists are n't active anymore . 
  this is great in my opinion it also solves one of the two glaring issues with the 2010 defence review , lack of a maritime patrol aircraft . 
  when the aircraft carriers are operational all our gaps are filled . 
  but scotland employs more people in the oil industry , it has lost 5500 people to low oil prices and without the conservative government giving the industry more subsidies it would lose a lot more . 
  it does n't matter if scotland uses more renewable electricity when fossil fuels are a lot more important to the scottish economy then ruk, 
   scotland continue being the sane one ? 
  the one country in the uk that depends on fossil fuels the most ? 
  sure , but if the government did n't give help to the oil industry in scotland due to the low price , 10,000 's would be unemployed . 
  australia has the 3rd highest minimum wage in the world whereas britain is 10th so its a bit disingenuous to say that britain has a low one , is n't it ? 
  for the price of traveling to australia its not feasible for somebody to go to australia to work a minimum wage job . 
  the only people that would be going to australia for work would be professionals which are already capable of getting there anyway . 
  if i was a betting man i 'd bet against there being a federal europe within the the next 100 years . 
  but if you told a briton in 1814 that in 1914 your country would be fighting with the french against a unified germany he 'd probably think you were insane , so by no means impossible but not far off . 
  seems fairly common for countries to make their surplus military equipment available to the public . 
  you can buy surplus british military equipment as well , with all the weapons disabled of course, 
  yes and liberals fund communists and conservatives nazis right ? 
  i 've seen a version of events that claims that although their was some resistance from guards , but when they came into the room containing bin laden he was alone , although i 'm not sure if he had a weapon . 
  he is justifiably criticised for some things he says . 
  i do n't identify with either conservative or labour , right or left but i certainly would n't vote for a labour with corbyn in charge . 
  i doubt labour will offer any real opposition to the government while he remains in power . 
  labour disagree with themselves more then they do the conservatives these days . 
  the police were in a firefight with the ringleader so he was killed in self defence . 
  if bin laden showed no threat to life and had nothing that posed a risk to the soldiers he should 've been apprehended is what i 'm saying, 
  if you can apprehend anyone without any risk to life you should do so . 
  did bin laden even shoot at the special forces ? 
  if not it 's entirely different, 
  there is no proof to suggest arab states are supporting these groups . 
  it would be like the eu sanctioning the us because a minuet amount of citizens funded the ira . 
  i believe the french at the top translates to  wembley was in red , white & blue yesterday to pay tribute to france . 
  england had the honour of the victory on the evening full of emotion [ similar cover from the telegraph ] ( https://i.imgur.com/u4wyrqd.jpg ) [ wembley sings french anthem la marseillaise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xim-cppvwpq ), 
  they have around 7,000 men and mainly take part in un peacekeeping missions . 
  this is about the czech republic not the marshall plan , do n't join an argument without even commenting on something to do with the context you inept cunt, 
  not against the rules just largely seen as the russian governments propaganda wing, 
  the marshall plan only helped countries not within the soviet sphere of influence . 
  the czechoslovakia was not helped by the us, 
  at least 3police officers injured according to bbc news, 
  in relation to what i hear american politicians say on a near daily this seems like an isolated incident of stupidity . 
  the situation surrounding this debate is obviously what happened in paris . 
  police officers were more then justified to kill terrorists with heavy rifles and suicide vests . 
   [ mr corbyn said he did not support the `` shoot-to-kill '' policy in the uk in the event of a terror attack , saying such an approach could `` often be counter-productive '' . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-corbyn-questions-legality-of-drone-strike-against-jihadi-john-a6736751.html ), 
   shadow foreign secretary hilary benn has said it is `` perfectly reasonable '' for police to shoot to kill terrorists that are a threat to life - after labour leader jeremy corbyn said he was `` not happy '' with such a policy . 
  is this man trying to destroy the labour party ? 
  i want a strong opposition but corbyn is just giving them ammunition to throw at him . 
  he 's making himself more and more unlikely to get elected . 
  i was on my phone . 
  interesting comment if you 're american, 
  what country are you from ? 
  the us killed regional leaders of al qaeda prior to 9/11 right ? 
  bit they still invoked article v, 
  seems rather useless with nato 's article 5 . 
  the countries within the eu that are n't in nato will probably avoid fighting a war in syria anyway . 
  how would that be perfectly reasonable ? 
  he has been told to hate an entire nation of people , a nation of people where the overwhelming majority were n't alive when the english did anything to harm ireland . 
  how is that reasonable in any sense of the word . 
  assuming his grandmother came from ireland she was almost certainly born after 1922 when ireland became independent . 
  i 've certainly seen it in abundance on reddit , for example this classic . 
  [ `` as an american with an irish heritage my grandmother and my father taught me to hate the english . 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2zl01y/til_just_16_years_after_being_forcibly_relocated/cpk2byk ), 
   if you think ancestry in the u.s. is `` nazi-like '' i think you need to take a break from the tv and actually visit the u.s. no one acts like that . 
  perhaps you misunderstand . 
  they expected certain races and nationalities to have certain features and traits . 
  they stereotyped jews as having big noses , being untrustworthy and self centered for example . 
  well its those two people that would annoy me . 
  by saying americans i did n't intend to imply all americans do this but simply that americans do this . 
  simple put a cohesive foreign and defense policy is completely unrealistic . 
  it annoys me how certain americans with 1/16 of x country 's heritage and think it somehow influences them such as oh , if i 'm part irish i must hate the english and drink copious amounts of alcohol . 
  the us may have been a melting pot of italian , irish , english , germans etc but now you 're just americans and i ca n't stand this nazi-like view of ancestry where if you have certain ancestry it must mean you are different in some way . 
   the poll was conducted by icm research for the russian news agency rossiya segodnya .
