  the vast majority of people were not alive for it nor yearn for another . 
  i think its a safe assumption people view our country as important on the world stage but not a superpower which i 'd say is fair . 
  most of the british soldiers at the somme initially would 've volunteered, 
  it is not a sovereign country though, 
  boris betrayed by gove and now the conversatives will pick between may and gove for leadership ? 
  i would 've preferred osbourne - this really is pick your poison . 
  hopefully there is a new general election because after such a momentous decision they do n't really have a mandate to lead anymore . 
  i do n't see any possible plan as a ` good idea ' outside the eu therefore i suppose all the politicians can really attempt to do is appease both sides . 
  i think its important to remember that 48 % of all those who voted , voted to remain so therefore its not going to be entirely what leave want , if that is even feasible - i think if we have to leave the eu ( i personally do n't want to ) the eea is a good compromise between the two opposing sides as we 'll have access to the single market but retain freedom of movement - its certainly a step down from eu membership in my opinion though . 
  i think thats part of why its recovering honestly . 
  the indecisive nature of the british government for the foreseeable future perhaps gives investors hope we 'll remain or gain quick access to something like the eea, 
  c-c-c-c-credit crunch, 
  the thing is nobody knows in this current political climate - the leave campaign have completely disgraced themselves when they should 've been celebrating and dictating the future of our country . 
  i agree with anything he said . 
  the referendum would not be such a bitter pill to swallow if remain lost to a truthful and well fought campaign , but it did not . 
  it lost to campaign that has backpedalled on everything they 've said - it seems like their most common position is to join the eea , a complete u-turn . 
  another referendum on the basis of facts would be decisively won by the remain camp and i would not hold it against any member of the commons if they rejected the views of the 52 % because i do n't think they are 52 % anymore and nor do i think the leave camp was in anyway truthful . 
  i am - it is the first time i have taken a serious look at the lib dems since 2010 as i agree with their stance on the eu and marijuana legalisation . 
  [ i agree with his support of the syrian bombing campaign ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2gtnk4vsxs ), 
  i 'd vote for hilary benn personally, 
  you do realise nothing has legally changed ? 
  the referendum is not legally binding - the eu would not expect us to adopt the euro or some shit to remain, 
  this is why they 'll be a another general election probably , the new conservative leader wont really have a mandate to govern - hopefully labour get their shit into gear and elect someone who is electable, 
  they really do . 
  leave have royally fucked up and essentially backtracked on everything they 've said, 
  i find the snps rejection of trident hypocritical given that they want an independent scotland to join nato, 
  news flash , racists were racist prior to the referendum and would 've been regardless of the result . 
  i was n't aware that racism was a british attribute, 
  leave did n't expect to win and remain would rather like to remain , that 's our position . 
  because we 're an island and prefer if our national borders do n't start in greece , just like ireland, 
  i think people generally like the idea of a federal uk , i certainly have n't seen such opposition to the idea however our government is dead right now, 
  that 's one positive this week i suppose . 
  that and iceland prevented us from potentially losing to the french - a faint worse then brexit itself, 
  i have n't been this embarrassed in days, 
  we 'll probably still have free movement in 2017 though, 
  he never considered losing an option - not many people thought it was realistically going to happen and i suppose that 's why a lot of people said their leave vote was a protest vote more then anything . 
  evan when the polls were close the remain side found comfort in the idea that the undecideds will vote to remain on the day . 
  fair enough . 
  how vocal have the 38 % being that voted to leave in scotland ? 
  is n't interest on government bonds at an all time low ? 
  i think that 's the one financial positive of all of this . 
  of course that 's why i included more youth also , however the the uk turnout was 71 % but for scotland i believe it was low 60s perhaps high 50s like glasgow had . 
  of course . 
  but i 'd put their deaths down to negligence not genocide . 
  after the fawcett commission the camps had a lower death rate then glasgow ( somehow still remember that from a-levels ), 
  nah , we did n't . 
  the phrase was popularised in the second boer war but the spanish and americans used them prior to us . 
  furthermore germany 's second world war use of concentration camps were fundamentally different to how the brits or other used them . 
  the brits used them to house refugees , albeit poorly ; the germans used them as labour camps in which you were worked to death - places like auschwitz were death camps . 
  [ :( ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfqqved5lom ) i do feel like if it made explicitly clear that scotland would seek independence in the event of brexit remain would have won . 
  but my pessimistic side also believes that the snp wanted this so they could use it to gain independence - unfortunately the scottish turnout was comparatively low in comparison to england so if they were higher , coupled with a higher youth turnout we would 've stayed in . 
  was n't our problem to deal with ... we bailed out ireland despite us not being responsible for the crisis, 
  i agree, 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think the referendum can be viewed as a rejection of the political establishment more then anything honestly . 
  people do n't like certain things about the country so they reject a political organisation that is largely alien to them because they want change despite many of these issues not necessarily being directly because of the eu such as austerity for example . 
  people are treating this too emotively on this subreddit . 
  i voted remain but the uk and the eu will inevitably establish a relationship . 
  many of those who voted leave did not do so in a spiteful sense of superiority but a belief that it was best for the future of our country , although i disagree with them there were valid arguments for leaving the eu . 
  spain only had a problem if scotland attempted to join the eu without the consent of westminster, 
  perhaps , but people forget that westminister ultimately grants such a referendum and they want to do it at the most favourable time which is when i imagine the uk 's relationship with the eu becomes clear . 
  they do n't exactly want to be negotiating with the eu while convincing the scots ' to stay . 
  i do n't see another referendum happening in 2016 by any stretch - i think logically once it becomes clear what relationship the eu and the uk will establish after article 50 has been invoked that would be a sensible time to have the referendum, 
  i doubt they 'll be able to act quickly though , westminster is too preoccupied to give them a referendum immediately and westminster would also want to give themselves the best chance of winning said referendum which clearly is n't now, 
  probably resentment from some and praise from others i imagine, 
  i think she only intervenes in the event of drastic political deadlock - the government can pass whatever they want but of its unpopular it 'll just be repealed when a new government is elected, 
  damn that site is horrible on mobile , is there even an article ? 
  there isnt an irish english divide in northern ireland , there are the nationalists and the unionists, 
  if she spoke in favour of one side they wouldve most likely decisively won while leaving a sizeable portion of the country bitter and probably calling for a republic, 
  the queen will stay silent on the matter, 
  i do n't think there is uncertainly in regards to the article . 
  it 's an expectation that they invoke it but it 's also an expectation that they stabilise the economy and if they do n't have the capacity to do the latter as well as the former in tandem then i understand their recourse . 
  i imagine we 'll invoke it when the new prime minister is announced - right now i imagine the governments primary concern is the stabilisation of the pound, 
  wait , does the netherlands pay more then france ? 
   ou are right , but a population pyramid of an developed country does n't really look like a pyramid . 
  the median age is something like 40y or more yeah , the median age is around 40 with 35-44 year voting to remain by only 2 %, 
   52-48 remain is not much better . 
  the problems will be wiped under carpet , populists ( ukip ) will gain even more power and in a few years people will still vote to leave . 
  they were dependent on the old to win . 
  75 % of 18-24 year olds voted to remain, 
  i do n't think his opinion is uncommon in the leave electorate either, 
  i 'd rather be crushed decisively rather then losing a vote to that dictates the future of our country by a 1.9 % while many of those who voted leave will not live to see the consequences of the vote . 
  yes i 'm salty and everything i say should be taken with minimal weight as a result . 
  i do n't think i 'd make it compulsory personally , but it certainly makes sense to me to have a day off for voting on issues which have a fundamental impact on our country . 
  [ how the age groups voted in the eu referendum ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/15372/production/_90089868_eu_ref_uk_regions_leave_remain_gra624_by_age.png ), 
  i support staying in the eu but in a democratic manner , if there is no to reverse the result of the referendum democratically then i am content with the outcome , although unhappy about it . 
   the petition , set up by william oliver healey , states : `` we the undersigned call upon hm government to implement a rule that if the remain or leave vote is less than 60 % , based on a turnout less than 75 % , there should be another referendum . '', 
  more `` life experience '' however the average remain voter is more intelligent then their leave counterpart, 
  the referendum was stupid because it presumes people will and can make s informed decision . 
  yes i 'm bitter and salty - at least an uninformed remain voter maintained the status quo , an uninformed leave voter has made our country the most unstable it 's being in recent history, 
  it really does seem that way - leave without the promise of the end of free movement would have decisively lost this referendum as it was one of the principle reasons a lot of the working class electorate voted for them . 
  currently a parliamentary petition calling for a second referendum with over 1.1 million signatures, 
  they ca n't vote, 
  yes and unionists are vehemently opposed to such an idea - they 'll be a civil war in northern ireland if this comes into fruition and the good friday agreement will be shat on, 
  i was originally bitter as i 'm a young voter and felt i was dragged out of the eu by my older counterparts whom will not feel the longer term impact of this decision however it 's a democratically blinding decision and although i wanted to remain we have to do the best with the hand we 've been dealt . 
  this is probably the most important decision of many of our life 's and the uncertainly is terrifying . 
  i was n't fond of the eu like many who voted remain but i preferred remaining then the political and economic impact of leaving . 
  i ca n't help but think we left the eu largely because of an uninformed populous not knowing the full functionality and provisions of the eu and the ramifications of leaving such an organisation . 
  i 've been been awake for 24 hours yet i 'm struggling to sleep . 
  the pm is stepping down , carney is reassuring investors , the ftse is plummeting alongside the dax and the pound is at its lowest level since 1985 .
