  well , it was the outcome i wanted but i did n't think it was possible until 10 o'clock last night . 
  if somebody realistically thought the conservatives would get a majority a week ago people would 've demised you as stupid . 
  a labour minority government with a c&s with the snp seemed likely . 
   the uk needs to become a federation . 
  split england into 5-6 states , ni as one , scotland as one . 
  poor wales, 
  sinn fein have about 4 seats but do n't sit in them , so although the majority is technically 326 you can realistically get a majority with 323-325 seats and that means the conservatives would n't need the dup to form a majority . 
  i 've heard of plenty of scottish voters that opposed independence but were planing on voting for the snp in the general election as they did n't want to vote labour, 
  probably not , but as long as the tories are in government i imagine the snp will remain strong in scotland . 
  i think the can call for another referendum in either 5 or 10 years , not sure though . 
   that the question would be something like `` are you in favour of asking for a change in the rules , so that they are more in favour of britain ? '', 
  ( = do you want to pay less and receive more ? 
  i guess ) the question has n't been decided so thats bullshit . 
  if there is a referendum it 'll be to stay or leave the european union, 
  fptp probably benefits the snp now , but plaid , lib dem and greens are probably still in favour of electoral reform, 
  probably , but the tories been in government will strengthen calls for another independence campaign . 
  this election really was a win-win for the snp, 
  oh , i saw a poll some body posted on here a week or so ago that suggested 45 % want to leave . 
  regardless its a sizable proportion of the population and its hard to ignore . 
  a referendum would enable us to put the question of leaving behind us for a at least until the next election and potentially longer . 
  i 'll just paste my opinion again  i 've stated this before but if the conservatives form a government i think a referendum is a good thing , whatever the result people will become more informed about the positives and negatives of the eu and it will reinvigorate politics in the uk similarity to what happened in scotland . 
  no longer will most peoples votes mean nothing as they live a constituency that is a stronghold for party x/y but there vote decides the future of the country which will finally give the masses an incentive to vote . 
  i 'd want us to stay but the referendum will be good politically for the uk . 
  it also can not be ignored if 45 % of the population want to leave . 
  there should be a better together like campaign to campaign for the pro-eu side which is labour , conservatives ( mostly ) , lib dems , greens , plaid , snp ... and the campaign for independence which is basically ukip and some tory back benchers, 
  [ yes !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpmb0f00ype ), 
  if we go off of the exit pole they would n't need the dup as sinn fein do n't sit in parliament . 
  that was n't an independent country then , it was essentially a very large alcatraz . 
  the reason why people complain about eu immigration is because the government can not limit the amount of people coming in from the eu . 
  people look at the expected number of poles that would migrate and look at the actual number and just presume every other eastern european country will be the same . 
  just to be clear i do n't support this argument but this is the argument people who are against immigration from the eu use, 
  lol, 
  * woosh *, 
  i 've stated this before but if the conservatives form a government i think a referendum is a good thing , whatever the result people will become more informed about the positives and negatives of the eu and it will reinvigorate politics in the uk similarity to what happened in scotland . 
  no longer will most peoples votes mean nothing as they live a constituency that is a stronghold for party x/y but there vote decides the future of the country which will finally give the masses an incentive to vote . 
  no , he abandoned the bombing of raf bases and switched to cities in response to the raf bombing berlin, 
  they certainly would n't have more ship building capacity . 
  the russian navy was tiny and the germans could n't out build the british, 
   britain getting the undivided attention of the axis . 
  they would still need a bigger navy and landing craft and then to gain air superiority over britain , it would probably be better to just seek peace at this point , no ? 
  this is also want hitler wanted . 
   the americans could have fought the germans 1v1 ( provided they really had the interest ) , the uk , not so . 
  this point just made me stop taking you seriously , its illogical that the us could have fought germany `` 1v1 '' they needed britain to launch troops and aircraft , this could n't have being done across the atlantic especially under constant harassment from the u-boats you claimed nearly starved britain in 1942-3 . 
  it would be the biggest logistical military event ever , d-day was logistically massive and took months of planning , you propose they do this across the atlantic ? 
   i definitely would n't have placed a bet on the uk 's long term victory . 
  the british could n't have being invaded or starved realistically . 
  we did n't need to all-out win the war by ourselves britain simply had to be a nuisance . 
  this is my last reply to you , after the 1v1 comment i do n't take your arguments very seriously, 
  you 're simply basing this on assumption . 
  i could assume that without the americans britain would development a nuclear bomb in 1946 and nuke berlin , thus ending the war . 
  sounds impossible ? 
  most likely but i 'm only assuming so i 'm not incorrect either, 
   germany nearly achieved this in 42-43 even against combined british and american forces . 
  the british got very good at countering u-boats in this period as it became dangerous for u-boats to attack the escorts of destroyers and corvettes not only this the implementation of radar on ships and the breaking of the german enigma code in 1942 i doubt your point to a certain extent . 
   have been invaded the german navy could n't have supported an invasion of britain , the royal navy was the biggest navy until 1943 they would have to defeat the rn first which was n't feasible . 
  not only this but they did n't have the necessary equipment such as landing craft . 
  operation torch demonstrated to the british and americans that amphibious landings were quite difficult and they had exceedingly large navy 's in comparison to the german navy and they had a bigger industrial basis to produce the necessary equipment faster . 
  not only this but since 1941 germany did n't have aerial superiority which would expose the german navy and the landing craft to raf bombers . 
  the only feasible way for britain to exit the war after the battle of britain was a peace treaty . 
  yeah , i imagine hitler would 've gladly accepted a peace treaty . 
  he simply did n't want to fight the uk , especially after the battle of britain and the infeasibility of operation sealion he would 've preferred the uk to fight with him as he saw the british as part of his stupid master race ideology, 
  its quite hard to envision ww2 ending in a similar fashion if neither the soviets , americans or british were there . 
  you can debate who contributed more but if the end without one of those countries the war would be very different . 
  i think its important to recognise what part the big three contributed without understating what they did also , simply because the war would be very different without one of them . 
  oh , and no shit each individual major contributor thinks they did the most , of course because from their perspectives the war was not winnable without their country fighting which is correct to a certain extent . 
   even if uk would survive by their own , i highly doubt ussr would i imagine without the lend lease ( which by the way the majority of the american goods transported to the soviets were by royal navy ships ) the war would 've probably ended in a peace treaty for britain if the soviets fell . 
   the british and the soviets would have been crushed if the us was n't bankrolling and supplying both of them without the us it would 've been hard to invade western europe . 
  its interesting to imagine would would happen without the us . 
  an invasion of britain was essentially impossible so for britain the war would probably end in some kind of peace treaty . 
  overall when it comes to ww2 i think the soviets , britain and us are quite vital to each other . 
  they somewhat needed each other to win the war in the manner the allies did . 
  shit ... early morning ? 
  the counter argument is that they are very good at controlling the deer population . 
  of course the main opposition to the lynx are farmers , for good reason edit : deer, 
  how so ? 
  i 'm not very knowledgeable about factories and such, 
  a lot of ukraine 's industrial sector is based in the east of the country , for example i think a lot of steel factories are there that have n't been able to function at full capability or at all, 
   it was german intelligence that was spying, 
  i 'm not saying you could try anyone for treason in the us or probably seek extradition but the german military could hypothetically arrest employees of the bnd . 
  yet i also put  it was german intelligence that was spying on airbus for the us implying that it was germans who did the spying so the german military could theoretically try them for treason . 
  what is so hard to comprehend about this ? 
  what ca n't you comprehend , this was germans on german soil asked by the us to spy  german media reports suggest the country 's spy agency bnd collected data on european firms at the behest of the us national security agency . 
  it was german intelligence that was spying on airbus for the us , so yes the german military probably could, 
  some people take finding the pot of gold at the bottom of the rainbow too literally, 
   relatively low taxes i would n't call our taxes comparatively low globally but in europe , most likely . 
  from what i 've heard unless they seriously reform their military it would be very difficult for them to take the islands from the immediate british forces there . 
  with a potential sub , destroyer , typhoons and the garrison . 
  that and reinforcements will arrive if they did attack and all of this well the argentinian economy is in ruins . 
  its simply rhetoric to take attention away from internal issues, 
   the main objective of europe is to end the milleniums of wars by strongly uniting all our nations . 
  what does strasbourg have to do with ending war in europe ? 
  lol, 
  by god i think you 've got it !, 
   labour used their scottish mps to force through the vote they wanted on student tuition fees for english students . 
  without the scottish mps it would have failed . 
  its different when the mp 's are part of a party that is exclusively in scotland, 
  so essentially a united states of britain, 
   the only real solution is a full and equal federal setup . 
  elaborate,
