  the british and french did n't want the poles to hold off the germans while they attacked in ww2 . 
  the british and french made the military assurances to poland in the hopes that it would deter a german invasion , they did n't expect poland to hold off the germans . 
  * ( forgetting germany did n't give a shit about military assurances since they did n't exactly help czechoslovakia ) `` it is certain that within a few months not one frenchman nor a single englishman will go to war for poland '' - ribbentrop * the british and french did n't expect the germans to test their resolve further whereas the germans expected their invasion of poland to be met with a munich agreement style conference . 
  to a certain extent i can sympathize with franco-british military theory . 
  throughout ` modern ' european history military theory and tactics were very much based on the previous ` big ' war and the second world war was no exception . 
  from the perspective of the british and french why would they attack the favourable defensive positions of the germans in the form of the westwall when you can sit behind the marginot line and win a drawn out war strangling germany with a blockade . 
  furthermore , to a certain extent , although not substantiated in any sources i 've never seen . 
  it was favourable for germany and the soviets to share a border with one another , with a nap in place they still had a tentative relationship at best . 
  hitler openly advocated expansion eastward at the expense of poland and russia in mein kampf nor did the soviet union hide its aspirations for communism to spread in its support of comintern hindsight often blurs history and the phoney war was no different . 
  the reason the british and french did n't invade germany in 1939 is the same reason people were still trying to use cavalry against machine guns at the beginning of ww1 . 
  because military theorists were always stuck in the previous war . 
  just how military theorists gave the franco-russian war too much weight in the lead up to ww1 . 
  perhaps that is why arguably the british were more prepared individually for the great war then their franco-german counterparts . 
  although they still felt that the war would be over by christmas the bef was brilliantly trained because of the british reforms that came out of the boer wars barely a decade earlier . 
  i mean damn , if the bef was 1,000,000 strong the war would 've been over by christmas but alas it was around about the same size as our current army when the french and germans had armies in excess of 3,000,000 including reserves in 1914 . 
  i wrote about the munich agreement and its repercussions for my a-level coursework however given that its currently being moderated i do n't want to get flagged for plagiarising my own work . 
  * damn if i spent as much time revising as i do on reddit . 
  * however the contention is generally that the munich agreement made the invasion of poland inevitable as the germans no longer believed they would face retaliatory military action from the british and french . 
  i mean , hitler literally froze in disbelief when he received the british ultimatum . 
  y' know the friend of my enemy is my enemy n'all . 
  were n't the british considering covertly helping the finns prior to barbarossa ? 
   i 'm glad we 're talking about those ... which were started by europe who than begged us to help ... because they could n't do it themselves & other european nations basically told them to suck a dick ... lol ... really , last time i checked germany and britain had several hundred troops similarly to the us in the countries listed above which like i said above , would n't matter in the event of a russian invasion of the baltics anyway because that would require tens of thousands not hundreds . 
   and i 'm glad you brought up nuclear weapons , because if conventional warfare on the eu 's part fails , i 'm sure western europe can be counted on to push the big red button for eastern europe ... as nordstream & that amphibious assault ship russian deal goes to show ... or the polls that show the majority of people in a number of western european do n't even want to help fellow nato members conventionally ... [ please , you overestimate your own countries commitment ] ( http://cdn.yougov.com/cumulus_uploads/inlineimage/2014-04-02/natous.png ) [ source ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/04/02/americans-if-russia-attacks-defend-britain-not-ukr/ ) apparently the us public would be more inclined to defend ukraine then latvia ... 
   force projection like libya & mali ? 
  yes , military operations in europe where the us utilised its bases there . 
  you know like the us rotating troops in and out of afghanistan and iraq for 15 years via its european bases . 
  wow that must 've been really useful and convenient right . 
   and please , go tell the baltics , poland & romania how the american military does n't matter & it has no defensive value . 
  the baltic 's have a combined population of 6 million . 
  they are incredibly susceptible to a russian invasion with kaliningrad to the west , belarus to the south and russia to the east . 
  you can not protect the baltics conventionally if russia wanted to invade them , they could do without any nato member being able to gather enough troops to route the russians . 
  the baltics principally benefit from nato by being in an alliance with nuclear-armed members because it can not be defended conventionally . 
  furthermore , the us has several hundred troops in these countries . 
  they are there for reassurance not conventional deterrence . 
  if russia was going to invade any of these countries tomorrow the initial reaction would be from western european countries to see if they want to send troops to defend which stated above , they most likely could if you compare the russia to the eu 's military . 
  this whole discussion also relies on the exclusion of nuclear weapons and the economic power of these two which means there would n't be an invasion in the first place . 
  but your point relies on the assumption that american forces are in europe to protect them , which simply is n't the case , to think so you must substantially overestimate the strength of russia . 
  american forces are principally in europe for force projection and logistical means . 
  i agree that it would be ideal for the entirety of western europe to spend 2 % but with the exception of the baltic states nobody faces a ` real ' threat of a russian invasion and even that ` real ' threat relies on russia being stupid enough attacking a military alliance with the exclusion of the na members of a combined budget of nearly 200 billion euros and over 1,500,000 personal . 
  not to mention the population differences between russia and the eu . 
  the us is n't a fucking charity , they benefit from the bases or they would n't have them . 
  ` terrorist bases ' ladies and gentlemen, 
  actually if you would actually take time to read about how the league of nations mandates were governed you 'd actually see that they were treat quite well in colonial standards . 
  the league mandates could not be annexed into the respective colonial empires but instead had to comply and govern the mandates along the conditions set by the league . 
  in fact , for all the league 's failures i 'd argue that the permanent mandate commission was actually a success . 
  to quote this article [ the league of nations has been cited by many historians as an important force in establishing norms of state behaviour . 
  michael callahan argued that britain and france did treat the mandates areas as distinct from the rest of their colonial territories . 
  the pmc encouraged british and french measures to limit unrestrained land acquisitions by white settlers and to establish humane labour conditions for the native populations as well as initiatives for the improvement of public health . 
  the mandated territories did not conform to the traditional economics of imperialism . 
  the governor of the british mandate of tanganyika exploited the international status of the region to ensure that the territory could buy cheaper american products over british merchandise . 
  in 1933 british military officials even conceded that it was contrary to the mandate system to establish a naval base in tanganyika or to expect that territory to contribute to the defence of neighbouring kenya . 
  however the mandated system did not prevent the white populations from acquiring the best land ; nor were native inhabitants permitted to play a role in administration . 
  ] ( https://holinshedrevisited.org/2014/10/07/enlightened-imperialism-the-league-of-nations-mandates-commission/ ) the league of nations did not seek to hasten self-rule and therefore no mistakes were made while the mandates were ruled . 
  however , once the un was formed one of its immediate aims was establishing self rule in the former mandates which led to the current israeli-palestine issue . 
  [ the only two countries in europe to vote against the partitioning was greece and turkey . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_partition_plan_for_palestine#in_favour.2c_.2833_countries.2c_72.25_of_voting.29 ) in yalta the league of nations mandates , which palestine was one of , were given to the united nations to deal with . 
  in fact , our foreign secretary at the time did n't even want to impose the un recommendation on palestine . 
  but thats why its referred to as occupied . 
  when the germans ` owned ' northern france in wwi it did n't become part of germany it was just german occupied france . 
  if france agreed to give them it , then it would be germany . 
  i think they have claimed that before but to my knowledge they have n't captured any ukrainian buks as its not something they really need on the front line as the rebels do n't have air power , they 're simply there as a deterrent to intensified russian involvement . 
  like they 'd lose the ability to do that if we was n't in the eu . 
  i 'm going to vote remain and thats still outlandish fearful bullshit . 
  [ its almost certainly closer to 1.2 million uk-born people living in other eu countries then 2.2 million ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36046900 ) to quote the bbc  two million british people living in other parts of europe is a huge exaggeration , even if he meant to include spain . 
  the un estimated that there were 1.2 million uk-born people living in other eu countries , including spain , in 2015 . 
  that figure is based on the 2011 census . 
  about as realistic as the us accepting the british monarch as their head of state . 
  the eu right now has glaring issues which need to be fixed before anyone even considers the scope of such an idea . 
  the eurozone is fundamentally flawed clinging incompatible economies to one another with no unified monetary policy . 
  the eu , even according to junker interferes too much . 
  how about we build a functioning trade bloc without another crisis around the corner and then focus on other matters . 
  i want the uk to remain in the eu , but it 's fundamentally flawed and still people talk about an eu army and such even though it 's a political fallacy . 
  how about we make sure what we currently have works before making it more complicated . 
  probably of the above . 
  second boer war , naval expansion etc. . . the uk also reformed the army quite substantially after the second boer war which probably was n't inexpensive . 
  which did n't even take place in the house of commons and attracted a shit some of signatures in support . 
  [ i 'm glad the political parties at my prospective university are uniting calling for a referendum to leave the nus . 
  i hope more follow suit . 
  ] ( http://www.yorkvision.co.uk/news/five-uni-political-groups-writing-motion-demanding-yusu-leave-the-nus/20/04/2016 )  a leaked provisional copy of the motion calls the nus a `` fundementally undemocratic '' organisation that `` focuses most of its energies on futile causes . '', 
   the students say the nus `` will never be representative '' in its current format , and its `` leadership is wildly out of step with the collective mood of students across the country . '', 
  why is bremen considered a city state ? 
  i know germany has several city states however bremen is notably smaller then the rest . 
  what did poles expect from yalta ... churchill was n't exactly in a position of power . 
  he tried to gain independence for poland and failed , he was n't exactly going to start ww3 over it . 
  of course , the crimean war is testament to that . 
  50/50 pretty much . 
  the young generally voting remain and the old generally voting leave . 
  which , judging by my drunk political rants in beer gardens seems to hold relatively true . 
  it was n't exactly like the post world war restrictions were been enforced though , they were pretty much dead and buried after the anglo-german naval pact of 1935 which was essentially a british acknowledgment that the versailles peace settlement was redundant . 
  disraeli was an interesting character , first and only jewish prime minister and founder of the modern conservative party . 
  also loved empire but who did n't back then . 
  i wonder why britain ignored these atrocities , perhaps because along with the french it was still propping up the ottomans against russian expansion ? 
  it was both really . 
  stalin envisioned germany fighting a long drawn out war with france and britain similarly how the great war happened in the hopes that they would substantially weaken one another and as you said , the soviets really did n't like the post war polish borders . 
  from a realpolitik view it 's easy to see why the soviet union allied with germany . 
  they carved up eastern europe amongst each other during a time that the red army was in no condition to fight germany . 
  that , coupled with soviet talks with britain and france not gaining traction . 
  de gaulle seemed to be an arrogant cunt , especially during the second world war . 
   sometimes he thinks he 's joan of arc and sometimes he thinks he 's clemenceau - roosevelt  i resented his arrogant demeanor . 
  here he was , a refugee , an exile from his own country under sentence of death , in a position entirely dependent on the goodwill of the british government , and also now of the united states .
