ideally it should n't change things , but boy have the republicans in the states been pissed about it . 
  so idk , i think it could change views in russia too . 
  how has obama 's recent visit to cuba affected opinions of cuba in russia ? 
  or is it even talked about on the news ? 
  you 're absolutely right , we already have people posing as 17 year olds so that the system treats them as underage . 
  welp , back to square one . 
  senseless yet i hope thought provoking . 
  given the ongoing refugee crisis , one of the more interesting points i 've noticed is that there are a lot of asylum seekers who need protection from their own countrymen or religious groups amongst the mass of refugees . 
  in finland i 've noticed this with lgbt groups pushing for a reception center for lgbt refugees . 
  with this article , i see that the same applies for muslim and other groups that come to odds with mainstream beliefs in the middle east , and has me thinking of how do we need to prioritise with asylum seekers that we accept ? 
  that would be ironic , yet the idea that a god was still sending prophets would be somewhat uplifting . 
  whether you 'd think that a religion or its prophets messed up in the past or not , all teachings do not stand the test of time and some people seem to require divine intervention to accept that fact . 
  source : finnish username that has n't flaired up ristituli = crossfire in finnish, 
  den glider in ? 
  den glider in !, 
  i think it 's a mix of both actually , i think rkp was at a point happy to take asylum seekers to swedish speaking areas of the country specifically , with teaching them swedish being among the intentions . 
  so they 're advancing one of their central agendas while getting asylum seekers in without as much resistance from parties that may oppose such ( center party ? 
  are all of them fakes working for an organisation though ? 
  i remember some news in finland about similar things being done by criminal gangs but with the beggars being more abused than employed by the gangs . 
  of course in either case giving them money is not advisable , but in the latter case i could definitely understand people who gave the beggars food for example . 
  also the english call the welsh and scottish sheep fuckers , and the welsh and scottish laugh when the english buy their sheep right after calling them sheep fuckers . 
  thanks for these links , the statistics are quite surprising to me . 
  i checked them to find a list of schools in leicestershire where i used to live , and was surprised to find that the school i attended , manor high school , which was at the time one of the better state run schools in leicestershire is at the bottom with just over 50 % students who do not speak english as their first language . 
  this is even though at least two thirds of the students there were of indiand or pakistani descent . 
  if other schools have much higher percentages than that ( and boy they do ) i can understand how difficult it must be for teachers to deal with even if only a minority of the students do not speak proper english as a second language . 
  yeah , meanwhile i 'm still waiting for snow in helsinki ... 
  less national pride would n't lead to national guilt though , it 's not like a ratio where you can have 60:40 pride/guilt and try more of one than the other . 
  i feel like a traitor now , i only have stars and stripes underwear . 
  a burglar with grenades on his belt and a machine gun on his back would not be considered a burglar any more at that point . 
  who is justifying what ? 
  your comment is rather vague . 
  i wo n't claim to be an expert on the finnish incarceration system , or incarceration in general , but i 'm not in favour for increasing the lengths of sentences for crimes that are n't murder or attempts at murder . 
  corrections should always be the focus over punishment in incarceration , and thus i would only consider longer sentences for criminals who display no remorse or other signs of becoming a person that could be let back out into the mainstream society . 
  out of curiosity , how would the states do that , particularly in cases where people who potentially could fund isis could also do so with assets from outside the country ? 
  this is just a case of ignorance in my part , u have no clue how the monetary systems would work here . 
  we had a similar instance on a debate on islam in national tv here , where a true finns mp ended up arguing in favour of gay rights against an imam . 
  that was while two left wing mps were also present in the debate , who stayed passive according to my records ( ca n't rewatch right now ) . 
  i would n't be surprised if there are more examples of similar scenarios across europe . 
   there are huge problems but it 's not due solely to cultural background . 
  there problems with integration is not just about integrating culturally , but across the board socially . 
  if we look into politics , there was an article some time back ( sorry that i ca n't seem to find it ) on france specifically regarding how muslim voters feel isolated , since they have conservative views , yet it is the conservatives who are most vocally against immigration . 
  [ the national front in france seems to be realising this now in their attempts to court muslim voters . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/08/us-france-politics-le-pen-iduskcn0s218a20151008 ) i have perceived similar confusion amongst some immigrant groups in finland , and suspect that parties like the true finns could actually win some immigrant votes if it was n't for the totally ott guys like halla-aho being in the party . 
   the only way is to keep it out in the first place . 
  some countries still have this option the option is not open to any country in the world where citizens have free access to the internet . 
  the last time i checked , estonia is more liberal on this topic than north korea , congratulations . 
  countries in the schengen area are also susceptible to any extremists in other schengen area nations as long as the agreement stands . 
  not only can the extremists move freely , but those who may have inclinations to listen to extremists have the freedom to move towards them . 
  we are not talking of those who convert to islam , but those who do so and join isis as well . 
  that figure was put at slightly below 20 ethnic finns leaving to join isis by the start of 2015 , with the total figure of finnish citizens who have joined being over 60 at the time . 
  also when talking of people who leave to join isis , they are not only men going to fight on the front lines . 
  entire families have travelled to syria and iraq to join isis . 
   does it really matter ? 
  how did the terrorists came to live in europe in the first place ? 
  it does matter , and while i 'm not 100 % certain on your second question , they were possibly born here . 
  but back to why does it matter , the answer is because radicalisation of youths is happening in europe . 
  and they are not only radicalising immigrants or children of immigrants in europe , but natives of the countries they operate in . 
  just in finland there have been reports of native finns who have joined isis . 
  when that is the situation , not accepting immigrants is not going to stop radicalisation in europe . 
  it requires direct action against those who are radicalising individuals , be they present in the country or behind a keyboard somewhere in syria . 
  also , take into consideration that certain countries have higher figures only because they have significantly more muslims than other countries . 
  last year , according to an article by cnn , it was actually finland that had the most people leaving to join isis in proportion to the muslim population of the country . 
  `` we were really surprised that salah was involved . 
  ibrahim was different . 
  we did see that he had been radicalised , at least in part . 
  but not so much that we ever thought he would commit an atrocity like this '' - this appears to be the family speaking , not clear who particularly `` i am thinking of the victims . '', 
  setting a limit on surveillance that is known by the general public would only lead to terrorists , or indeed anyone who is trying to stay under the radar of surveillance officials to know how to avoid detection . 
  while the idea of government not functioning openly on the topic of surveillance may sound terrible to you , one should consider whether it is necessary . 
  if we compare surveillance to a country actually going to war , in war we expect the military to be secretive about the exact positions of its troops . 
  this opens room for abuse just like surveillance that is not overseen by the general public does , but it is arguably better than the enemy abusing the knowledge they have due to public disclosure in either case . 
  we are long past that point with the number of immigrants moving our way . 
  the only long term solution is to eliminate isis and bring stability to syria and iraq , because as we stand the flood of immigrants alone has forced eu countries into taking measures they do not want to take . 
  with brexit there were only two choices , one was going to inevitably reach it . 
  it has n't been in the public consciousness for all eight years , more of a second term issue , and to be frank , what is the president supposed to do about it ? 
  i think this is the biggest reason for the score : if turkey had their shit together , i 'm pretty sure we 'd be more welcoming . 
  idk , i 've got both , and sometimes got freaked out by how much people trusted me . 
  not that i expect people not to trust me because of how i look , i just would n't trust me that much . 
  having finnish as a mother tongue and a name people can pronounce probably helped some ... 
  that 's the thing though , in the short term turkey is unstable , but was erdogan 's government all that stable as a democracy ? 
  the question is whether the coup can result in a more stable secular democracy . 
  less likely in the short term for sure , but idk , it might cut short the damage of the current government . 
  while i would not like a country with recent military interventions being accepted into the eu , i 'm not sure yet that in this case i 'd like it less than accepting erdogan 's turkey . 
  given that my music teacher in england kept calling me icelandic , this sounds rather appropriate . 
  what comment ? 
  depends on what you lied about ( or in general what is being held up against you ) . 
  tuition fees are n't going to be water under the bridge for many . 
  well , what else is an umbrella useful for on a day that it 's not raining in the uk ? 
  you have to bring it anyway , just in case , so might as well use it . 
  are they training a b team out of the imprisoned bankers ? 
  how many places actually elect the prime minister through a popular vote ? 
  furthermore , this is not a situation where the prime minister 's term has come to an end , but rather one where the pm has quit . 
  i think it 's standard procedure for the party holding the office to select a successor to take the spot until the next elections . 
  on the `` fearmongering '' , the rain of `` i told you so '' comments will probably make british weather look good . 
  back on topic , i wonder how many entities the uk will be having to wait on to negotiate trade deals with ? 
  even though the uk is a large economy , they are n't within a large entity any longer . 
  i would n't know what kind of entities would take priority over the uk though , too clueless on international trade agreements . 
  500 negotiators and ten years ? 
  while i was n't convinced it would be as easy as leave made it sound , i did n't think it would take that long ... 
  got any proof on the lack of free will ? 
  cause you might be looking to post on / r/science or something .
