  bbc : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-19920896, 
  ladies and gentlemen , the very , very special dialect known as `` norwenglish '' , where the grammar and vocabulary is impeccable , but the pronounciation sounds like a text-to-speech programme from the early age of computers . 
  ... and it 's official . 
  oh , but both our labour and conservatives want to lube up and slip into dat supranational organ for furthering turbo capitalism . 
  but they always have to form coalition governments with other parties who tends to oppose the idea . 
  polls have lately shown that popular opinion is steadily against eu membership . 
  that 's different . 
  that 's just asshole entitlement . 
  same with a lot of streets in bergen and old cities , which are so narrow , you would n't be able to get a firetruck past a parked vehicle . 
  of course , there is outrage over the fact that cars get towed , even though `` there was n't any fire , was there !? '', 
  i once saw an ambulance stopped in a street , busy trying to get some old woman onto a stretcher , and some asshole in a mercedes actually fucking honking his horn at them to get out of * his * way . 
  never wanted to haul a shithead out of his car and beat him shitless more than right there and then . 
  i hope this is just one of those fads that gain foothold as a thing to do for no reason whatsoever , and passes over quickly . 
  like an evil and retarded version of the macarena , in other words . 
  or `` subway surfing '' which was a thing 10-15 years ago around here . 
  i ca n't even begin to describe how many things that would be wrong with that . 
  sure . 
  it sounds like a bloody brilliant strategy to gain the element of surprise . 
  but all you do is to fuck over the other emergency services , making sure that people will be treating them with suspicion or outright hostility . 
  the norwegian school system actually requires anyone who are n't in a vocational secondary school programme to take up a third language . 
  so most norwegians speak norwegian ( thus enabling some form of communication with swedes and finns , and one-way communication to the danish ) , plus english from around third grade in school ( enabling communication with most people in the british isles ) and some mumbled phrases in spanish , french or german , which are the most common third language options in secondary school . 
  of course , some take the linguistic programme in secondary school , which could allow you to study up to three foreign languages . 
  i 'm just glad to see people being level-headed about it all so far . 
  the worst thing to happen so far would be some speeches and some cases of premeditated folk music . 
  i wish every independence movement could be as civilized . 
  i tend to prefer self-governance rather than to be run by someone whose sole interest is to promote turbo-capitalism above everything else . 
  it takes a special kind of asshole , does n't it ? 
  my first thought after seeing the headline was `` how close to stockholm did this happen ? '', 
  because there 's just something about the capital of a country that attracts the most wonderful pieces of humanity , which allows things like this to happen . 
  places where you know that if you saw someone drowning in the harbour/river , and took off your jacket and shoes to dive in and save that person , someone would have stolen all your stuff , or at least nicked your wallet and your valuables , by the time you got out of the water . 
  and places where people with a mercedes and the largest entitlement syndrome known to man will actually honk at an ambulance at the scene of an accident , wondering why they are blocking the road for him . 
  you * might * have to go to joker for the coke in order to make that price , though . 
  the norwegian admission system is a quota-regulated meritocracy , and after having worked with it for a while , i can see some sort of logic running through it . 
  unfortunately , finances are now lagging . 
  that 's due to two factors . 
  primarily , the growth in finances has been tied to the consumer price index , which was a reasonable thing to do back when the change was made . 
  unfortunately , that only includes the cost of sustenance , more or less , as it 's made up of an imaginary shopping basket of consumables . 
  rent is not included in this figure . 
  which brings us to the housing situation , which is the second problem . 
  the financial crisis has led to a stagnation in housing projects getting built , and the few projects going up anywhere in the big cities tend to be large family apartments or overpriced luxury projects , which means that there is a higher demand and lower supply of the sort of affordable apartment that makes people homeowners for the first time ( which of course leads to increase in prices ) , which again leads to more people renting for longer than before , which then again leads to low supply/high demand for rentable apartments , which , yet again based on econ101 , leads to an increase in rent as well . 
  so due to a heated renter 's market , you either remain dependent on family , or you work in order to support yourself in addition to studying . 
  because rent in any of the university cities will eat up two thirds of what you receive as your monthly payment on your student 's loan . 
  sweden is good at that sort of stuff . 
  see jemtland og herjedalen , which you morons signed over to the swedes . 
  biking without brakes ? 
  how would you even begin to survive going down a hill ? 
  my friend . 
  if you think so , then you have n't been doing it right . 
  a country full of men wearing skirts just got a bit more fabulous . 
  good on them !, 
  you see , that 's greek nazis . 
  that 's far better than german nazis , on the grounds of being greek . 
  `` you still have n't quite settled your bill after your grandfather overstayed his welcome april 1941 - june 1945 . '', 
  i have to admit that i 've been to belfast . 
  twice . 
  once in order to catch a ferry over to scotland . 
  ( belfast works excellently for this purpose ) and once to see bill bailey perform ( belfast works for this as well , except for the part where you have to stay in belfast overnight ) . 
  if you go to england for the sun and the beaches , then you might need a reality check more than anything else . 
  and while you 're at it , stay away from the guinness storehouse as well , unless you like tours centred around pre-recordings and screens in a `` tourists experience centre '' where you get to see fuck all of the actual production . 
  worst waste of $ 12 in my life . 
  i 'll be inside if fingal 's cave this autumn . 
  i 'd like to see the causeway , simply to have been at both ends of where a lava-flow created strange geometry in an area . 
  oslo is the belfast of scandinavia . 
  it 's a transit point to see something worthwhile . 
  like the temple bar in dublin . 
  i must 've been in a dozen pubs in dublin , and temple bar is maybe the most soulless of them all . 
  look !, 
  you take that fucking towel of yours off of that beach chair , and go away . 
  my , are n't stereotypes fun ? 
  finland is probably beautiful . 
  somewhere . 
  behind all the fucking trees that blocks your view . 
  and the murderous swarms of mosquitoes that will block out the sun if you stand still for more than half a minute . 
  more than one other person than me per square kilometer , and it 's a bit more intimate than what i prefer . 
  strangest recommendation for venice i 've ever heard was from a lady at work who is paralysed and needs an electric wheelchair to be mobile at all . 
  venice was the most handicap-friendly city she 'd ever visited . 
  a bit surprising for a city famous for canals and bridges . 
  the italian national anthem when sung by buffon is simply stunning . 
  i also like the spanish national anthem , simply for not having any lyrics . 
  but that 's just due to the way people tend to sing their national anthems . 
  everybody knows the first verse , and after that it just turns into and for the nerrr nerrrrr neerrrrrrr nerrr neerrr neerrrr nerrr nerrrr under stars nnerrr nerrrrr neerrrrrrr something something about great justice nerrr nerrrr neerrrrrrr neerrrrrrr for our motherland . 
  it saves you a whole lot of second verse embarrassment . 
  pfah . 
  another eu circlejerk . 
  well , at least we have the oil that keeps you coming back to us again and again, 
  warm enough for the beer to not freeze before you finish it ? 
  warm enough for utepils !, 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't hear you over the sound of how awesome a national currency backed by oil is . 
  it 's just that wikipedia makes it appear as if lions were extinct in europe 10000 years ago in one article , and goes on to say that there were still lions in europe at the latest 2500 years ago , if not later . 
  not blaming you at all , just shoddy work by wikipedia . 
  ( what else is new ? ), 
  i love it when wikipedia contradicts itself . 
   in the earliest holocene the lion was still present in northern spain . 
  until arround 5500 to 3000 b.c. 
  the lion is confirmed via fossils from hungary and from the pontic region of ukraine . 
   lions feature heavily in ancient greek mythology and writings including myth of the nemean lion which was believed to be a supernatural lion which occupied the sacred town of nemea in the peloponnese . 
  aristotle and herodotus wrote that lions were found in the balkans in the middle of the first millennium bce . 
  when xerxes advanced through macedon in 480 bce he encountered several lions . 
  but while lions presumably still existed in the area between the rivers aliakmon and nestus in northern greece in herodotus ' time , in the first century ce dio chrysostom already wrote that they were extinct in europe . 
  after that lions in the european continent became restricted to the caucasus , where a population of the asiatic lion survived until the 10th century .
