  it 's more of a rabid floundering trying to save face . 
  there are currently three options that are constitutionally valid : 1 . 
  prime minister resigns . 
  this will allow the president to appoint a new prime minister from the coalition in parliament . 
  but that would be admitting wrongdoing , and clearly that 's not gon na happen . 
  prime minister gets thrown out in a vote of no confidence . 
  that involves being backstabbed by members of parliament from his coalition . 
  which also implicates wrongdoing . 
  the president dissolves parliament and thus calls for an election 45 days from now . 
  however , the president did not want to be a piece in a power-play , and has just effectively said `` i want your coalition partners to agree to this '' , which essentially is a vote of no confidence in disguise . 
  also , the president is staying well within the boundaries of letting this be effectively a decision made by a majority of the members of parliament , meaning he will not be doing any fanciful shit that might be outside proper conduct . 
  http://grapevine.is/news/2016/04/05/president-not-ready-to-dissolve-parliament/ a bit more full-text than the posted snipped from the beeb . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's a tantrum . 
  i do n't understand ? 
  drunk finns are the finest form of security there is . 
  they 'll end a fight with extreme prejudice , just so they can go back to drinking in glum silence . 
  `` i 'm willing to do the thing i am expected to do , if i get forced to do it . '', 
  well ... that 's might impressive and grand of you . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  eliminating conflict as push-factors for flight/mass migration , kinda helps make fewer people flee/migrate . 
  someone * really * did n't do his research and find out what he was getting into . 
  if i were to guess , the day was spent asking some pointed questions . 
  like for instance `` will anyone else here be in trouble when the media starts naming names ? '', 
  doing `` the right thing '' and toppling the prime minister could lead to a boost in the polls . 
  any gains would however be lost if it turns out that they have candidates with the same kind of dirt on them heading into a snap election . 
  being shareholder in a company that owned bonds in icelandic banking sector , while simultaneously being a member of parliament and thus obliged to disclose any company shareholdings exceeding 25 % . 
  this is not part of a the criminal code of iceland , so not illegal , yet in breach of regulation . 
  well ... 
  supposedly that should help regain some lost money then . 
   `` in icelandic witchcraft , n\u00e1br\u00f3k ( calqued as necropants , literally `` death underpants '' ) are a pair of pants made from the skin of a dead man , which are capable of producing an endless supply of money . '', 
  yeah . 
  that was not our fault . 
  denmark `` forgot '' about you guys and greenland when we were handed over to the swedes . 
  we had to go claim huge chunks of the bloody south pole as soon as we shook of the swedes to make up for the lost territory . 
  he did something unethical . 
  which is why there are calls for his resignation , rather than calls for a criminal prosecution . 
  three weeks . 
  two if they are dumb enough to have the police get involved with demonstrations in any other capacity than setting up barriers and giving people stern looks . 
  we can let you keep june 17th as the icelandic national day ( we all need that special day each year celebrating having gotten rid of the danes ) , and make whatever the day a declaration of union is signed as a mutual national day . 
  that 's one extra national day . 
  twice as many as most countries . 
  one more day of not having to go to work . 
  edit : let 's just make sure we do n't call it `` unification day '' . 
  i believe the honourable capt. 
  m. reynolds has some unkind words to say about that day . 
  can we adopt you guys as a 20th county instead ? 
  we have oil money , a friendly disdain for danes and no plans to join the eu any time soon . 
  it 's his wife . 
  `` i did not have sexual relations with that woman . '', 
  can still hold true . 
  the leaks do however show how the company was created with two shares and two shareholders , financial relations are pretty damn well proven . 
  you mean to say that `` sorry for looking bad during an interview ! '', 
  is not the kind of apology people would want ? 
  not only that , but i assume that more than a few members of parliament might also have similar deals set up . 
  if a motion of no confidence is voted down in parliament , the media just needs to start naming names . 
  and although not legally cause for conflict of interest , it will still not help neither the ongoing situation nor the public image . 
  which will definitely not help in the next elections , whenever they might be . 
  same with norway with 200 named parties has been stated in the key figures for the leak . 
  however , i suppose the naming of names is held back for fear of lawsuits for libel/slander , until they 're able to go to print with something that will hold up against a lawsuit . 
  i 'm also expecting a lot of media outlets planning fun little ambush interviews in the upcoming future , allowing involved parties to more or less incriminate themselves . 
  that 's when it starts getting interesting . 
  i 'm not gon na denigrate protesting students , because a lot of the time they have an informed opinion of sorts . 
  but that 's just your baseline protester along with angry leftists ( sometimes one and the same ) . 
  protests rather spell out `` oh shit ! '', 
  quite loudly when you manage to upset the average office worker enough to spend an afternoon being angry at you . 
  norwegian tax law states that overseas holdings , for instance in property , is taxable . 
  however , all taxes paid abroad are deductible , meaning that you 're gon na get property taxed , and you 're gon na like it whether you want to or not . 
  ( depending on whether there is a tax agreement between norway and the place where propert is located . ), 
  interests from overseas holdings ? 
  taxable . 
  income from overseas holdings ? 
  taxable . 
  gains or loss from sales of overseas holdings ? 
  taxable/deductible . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : you gon na get taxed . 
  the one thing we do not tax , is capital assets in foreign countries . 
  just everything you gain from said assets . 
  well ... that is pretty much the crux of 100 years of european politics . 
  the left will say `` we need to provide this much welfare , and need to tax people and companies in order to make that happen . '', 
  the right will say `` we want to tax people this little , and will cut back until we reach the level of welfare we can afford . '', 
  taking turns at being in a position of power , laws get rewritten in order to shift the tax burden back and forth between different schools of thought . 
  the continuous rewriting of laws ends up leaving loopholes . 
  and that 's just honesty with a small degree of incompetence leaidng to the failure to identify a loophole left in legislation . 
  that 's even before starting to consider lobbyists and pressure from interest groups * wanting * loopholes to be created . 
  gon na be pretty interesting to see what kind of turnout there will be today . 
  once you get more than the baseline of angry students , anarcholiberalists and other semi-professional reactionaries , protests tends to have meaning . 
  to give a brief summary : in a country that was recently ravaged by a financial crisis , a prime minister who campaigned on hardlining against the creditors of icelandic banks have now been caught with his hand in the cookie jar , turning out to have been one of these creditors before he transferred the ownership in the company to his wife for the astonishing sum of $ 1 . 
  tonight the icelandic parliament meets again for the first time after easter . 
  the opposition is expected to present a motion of no confidence . 
  since the governing coalition holds a majority in parliament , this will be voted down . 
  however , the disadvantage of living in a country where two thirds of the population lives less than an hour from your office , is that you will quite soon start noticing that people are more than willing to show up and tell you exactly what they think of it . 
  i believe that there will be rallies . 
  within two weeks , there will either be an impressive shitstorm , or the declaration of a snap election . 
  depending on local legislation , it can be . 
  among the measures the central bank of iceland put in place to try to curb a complete meltdown after the small meltdown they suffered , was to ban the movement of capital in icelandic kronur [ sp ? ], 
  to keep the country from being bled dry . 
  some countries tax you regardless of where your money might `` physically '' be . 
  as long as you are a citizen , income and assets are subject to tax . 
  the law firm the bank worked with in order to establish these shall companies allegedly had an administrative fee for backdating documents .
