they also change spelling for adopted words , often to mockery in the contemporary period . 
  for instance `` chauffeur '' -  `` sj\u00e5f\u00f8r '' back in the fifties or sixties some time . 
  and also , as long as hegge was one of the editors at aftenposten , his style-guide for the paper tended to be up to scratch for what spr\u00e5kr\u00e5det recommended . 
  unfortunately , online distribution has changed media , turning it into more rushed work with a lower linguistic quality . 
  national language council tends to adopt a name that 's closely based on the native name , and preferably pronunciation if possible . 
  it stems from the time we got out from the union from denmark , and later sweden , with a conscious policy to distance norwegian language and create a defined language and identity . 
  anyone suggesting independence of anything from denmark has my backing . 
  i wondered why they included a norwegian-looking church in the game , but i never got around to actually caring enough to start googling it . 
  is n't that basically [ borgund stave church ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oizt70d.jpg ) , if memory serves me ? 
  and for those who have played `` the vanishing of ethan carter '' who just went `` waaait a second ... have n't i seen this before ? '', 
  yes . 
  yes you have . 
  and the - ka ending is often added to names and words as a diminutive or affectionate form . 
  make of that what you will . 
  honest mistake . 
   basically , the srebrenica massacre is the epitome of one of the grandest failures of a ** un operation ** in recent history . 
  i can translate , i speak troll . 
  basically , the srebrenica massacre is the epitome of one of the grandest failures of a un operation in recent history . 
  the un `` demilitarized '' the srebrenica area , before failing to protect the so-called `` srebrenica safe area '' , before collapsing entirely under a small push from serbian forces , who then rolled in and conducted the largest act of ethnic cleansing on european soil ever since a small austrian chap with a charlie chaplin moustache had died 50 years earlier . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre i would definitely say that disarming a side to a conflict , and the leaving them in a position where they get kettled by their opposition , and later slaughtered to a man , counts as `` facilitation '' . 
  30 years from now , do you think explorers of the internet archives will ridicule these people as badly as we ridicule the brits who tried to argue that the irish were a people of iberian descent , because they desperately needed some reason to set the irish apart from the glorious anglo-saxon master-race ? 
  mohammed was the 35th most popular name for a boy in 2013 , if combining all spelling variations . 
  that being said , you have a greater chance of running into a kid born in 2013 named liam , than mohammed ( 329 liam 's vs. 215 mohammad/mohammad/mohamed / mohammed ) . 
  but oddly enough , i 've seen zero news articles fearmongering over the `` celtification '' of norwegian names . 
  ( and source : http://ssb.no/a/navn/topp40g.html ), 
  then again , hooking up with someone on iceland requires some quick genealogy in order to make sure you 're not hitting on some second cousin and making future family reunions awkward . 
  so icelanders probably breed carefully and meticulously . 
  it 's not as if they can rely on forming relationships from random drunken hook-ups like the rest of us . 
  these people stopped being relevant for employment back when st. maggie of the curdled cunt slaughtered british industry . 
  the fact that a a whole generation raised since then , have failed to acquire training and skills making them relevant to the job-market that exists , is really not an immigration problem . 
  and what little employment there is for unskilled labour , sees them loose out in competition of the people they describe as lazy , useless and unable to communicate in english . 
  to be entirely honest , that says a whole lot more about how suitable they are for employment , rather than what it says about english immigration policies . 
  the edl represents those too fucking lazy or dumb to be of use to the work-force , thus ending up as a drain on national welfare resources . 
  please do n't tell me that a single one of these fuckers would even consider working a kiosk or doing any other job their unskilled , untrained asses are qualified for , instead of collecting benefits and feigning anger over not getting a job because `` they tuk err jerbs ! '', 
  please . 
  the working class is what these people hate with vigour . 
  the edl does n't represent the working class . 
  the edl represents the unemployment benefits class at best . 
  a bit more natural than the lake district defence league ( lddl ), 
   slavic-looking chap  alcohol abuse `` you have reached the department of unnecessary redundancy department . 
  how may i be of assistance ? '', 
  why does that overweight , aged , slavic-looking chap have an edl-tattoo ? 
  ah yes . 
  you would assume that someone who spends weekends dressed up as confederate soldiers , have some healthy views on race-issues . 
  but yeah . 
  there tend to be a lot of obsession about history in racist circles . 
  preferably some history they invented on their own , to fuel their national pride over how awesome things were . 
  the germans tried to borrow a lot of norse mythology during the occupation , which leads to a whole lot of fun with neo-nazi organizations in norway adapting `` odinism '' or other confused misappropriations of old norse paganism as part of their creed . 
  at the same time , parts of the black metal scene also has latched onto a lot of the pagan symbolism . 
  some with genuine historic insight , and some approaching it with a quite muddled view of what it is all about . 
  and then you have some genuine paganists or neo-paganists , who are actually into the entire old pantheon thing , wihtout buying into the metal-scene or the neo-nazi scene . 
  and of course your everyday man who likes symbols of norwegian cultural heritage , without necessarily buying into one scene or another . 
  which means that if you meet someone wearing a thor 's hammer around their neck , or having runic tattoos , then you have no idea what level of wanker you are dealing with . 
  december 2015 . 
  still at least six crew rotation missions to go before that . 
  i really have a hard time seeing how they could . 
  i mean , if russia starts demanding a russian visa in order to enter the sevastopol area , you pretty much recognize and accept their claim . 
  travelling via kiev for `` logistical reasons '' on an ukrainian visa just does n't cut it if russia demands that a russian visa needs to be issued in order to enter the area around the base . 
  hands tied . 
  you have exactly zero other options for catching a ride , unless you want to throw money into the chinese space program in order for them to start a shuttle service for you . 
  please . 
  we can only absorb so much low-wage unskilled labour . 
  neverrr !!!, 
  we will stand united with switzerland for as long as we humanly can !, 
  or until a majority of twats are willing to finally give in and vote `` yes '' in a referendum . 
  but do n't hold your breath over that . 
  of course , first you 'd need a government who is n't deadlocked on the issue , and neither right nor left side will have much luck with that . 
  `` welcome to scotland , please remember that you 're now definitely elizabeth i of scotland here whether you like it or not , but we still kinda like you . '', 
  staffa . 
  http://i.imgur.com/0kckw06.jpg http://imgur.com/sgj6eyh http://imgur.com/btdxqrb a tiny , insignificant little bit of island , that still looks wonderfully remarkable . 
  same lava-stone stalagmites you find across the sea at giant 's causeway in n.i. 
  only because there are no quarter finals with penalty shoot outs in the esc . 
  you tried having a number written by andrew lloyd bloody weber some year . 
  and it only helped our fiddle-playing midget win it by the largest score in esc history . 
  yes . 
  but he tried to tape it to his thigh for the performance . 
  i chortled . 
  well played . 
  next year , let 's send a midget in a gimpsuit and see if that helps . 
  dat moustache necklace !, 
  wait what ? 
  are people really earnestly voting for country ? 
  yes ? 
  that 's the entire point of it all . 
  it is a contest in kitch and glam , more than actual music . 
  seeing how china made the prime minister of norway bend over , they want to make sure that they are on china 's good side ? 
  have i seen one of the french guys in the wwe !, 
  some hotels do a `` continental breakfast '' instead . 
  okay ... hugarian singer guy 's eyebrows tell me that they want to do things to me . 
  things i 'm not sure i want to experience . 
  whoa !, 
  can i make tiny singing girl my write-incandidate ? 
  the hell !? 
  we pay nok 5 , - who the hell set your prices , imprisoned bank executives ? 
  norway . 
  no adds . 
  we got to see graham confetti 'd . 
  my stream is lagging terribly . 
  if i 'd noticed during the dutch number , i could have hit refresh , and gotten up to date without having to suffer someone trying for the johnny cash/june garland factor and failing . 
  with a title like `` cliche lovesong '' , you 'd * almost * think so .
