  that should tell you just about everything you need to know about how above and beyond the practices are . 
  the outlet airing it has probably been allowed access into the material for long enough to do a lot of work . 
  supposedly ( if the key figures from aftenposten in norway are to be taken at face value ) 376 journalists from 109 different media organizations have been sifting through the stuff for a year . 
  pretty simple . 
  the icij is a big deal . 
  membership is `` exclusive '' . 
  if you burst the bubble , you 'll be caught in a shitstorm and denied to be part of more fun in the future , as well as probably getting the outlet you 're working for kicked out of the consortium . 
  the potential gain from leaking , is much lower than the potential gain of being allowed to take part in the investigations . 
  at the moment , the media outlets who are granted access can just lay up a publication plan , and sit back . 
  every other news outlet will simply have to quote their articles in envy . 
  so in the uk , bbc and the guardian will own the fuck out of this case . 
  good , solid historical grudges over wars fought some time the last 1300 years , plus a bit of swedish superiority for no good reason . 
  sweden and denmark has been at war 27 times since the two countries were formed in a recognizable form . 
  that also includes quite a few wars norway has participated in on behalf of denmark . 
  sweden also holds jamtland and herjedalen , traditionally norwegian lands , as well as scania , which was danish until taken by the swedes ( which explains the truly fucked up dialect , but i digress ... ) now finland was a swedish duchy/grand duchy ( insert joke about swedish douches here ) up until it was lost to the russians in war , before they became independent after the russian revolution . 
  some finn could probably fill in this part better . 
  some also like to point out how `` swedish heroes of world war ii '' is a blank book , and that you can tell how the war was going year for year based on who sweden is most eager to cooperate with in their neutrality . 
  he probably means exclusive economic zone, 
  it was supposed to be a union . 
  but nooo ... two generations of kings sitting on their poncy asses in k\u00f8benhavn , and they turned into danish softies instead of true norwegian kings . 
  pfah . 
  besides , it 's not as if you people come over here and take the jobs we do n't feel like doing any longer . 
  are you serving us coffee ? 
  nope . 
  you still feel * above * that , do n't you . 
  and that 's before we start on the bit about how you conveniently forgot that iceland and greenland were ours when we split up . 
  we told you !, 
  stop trying to sneak in !, 
  finland , your * special * friend is here again . 
  come talk to him . 
  just like jamtland and herjedalen . 
  whoa !, 
  easy on the low blows there !, 
  finland is the moody , slightly stabby one that we just like to leave alone . 
  russia is the one who suddenly shut everyone out for almost 50 years , before slowly starting coming out and seeing people again while going through some issues , and right now seems to be in a bad spell . 
  but sweden has a special place in our hearts . 
  we detest them for their arrogance , yet feel superior to them . 
  we love to beat them at every sport we know how to compete in , and rub it in when we do . 
  we like mocking them for how they time and time again have `` proof '' of our cross country skiers being doped up to the gills , and in the end the `` proof '' turns out to be something someone 's mate overheard someone saying at the pub . 
  and still nothing says `` middle aged '' like having a caravan and going to sweden for vacation . 
  we go on frequent raids over the border for cheap bacon and alcohol , to the point where there are thriving communities near the border to norway that lives on norwegian bacon and beer money . 
  and we import them here to work as nurses and waiters . 
  it 's basically 1300 years of sibling rivalry where sweden was the big brother who had it 's shit together for a while , and then we sorted ourselves out and got the upper hand ( as long as you do n't consider ice hockey results to be of any significance at all ) . 
  country : norway favourite neighbour : sweden least favourite neighbour : sweden, 
  \\* sobs in agreement \\*, 
  not to mention the . com-experience of adding an item to cart , going to checkout , going through three steps , only to finally be fucking told that the fucking seller does n't deliver to any other country but the us . 
  . co.uk at least tells you that a seller does n't ship to your country . 
  . de simply does ship as far as i 've experienced . 
  sooo ... any thoughts on this remark ? 
  perhaps you should send a contribution singing in scots , cornish or shelta some time . 
  it can hardly go worse for you , can it ? 
  `` russia 's contribution this year is interestingly enough and army division singing cadence . 
  in uniform . 
  with weapons . 
  well ... at least it is original . '', 
  counter proposal : russian `` protection of russian citizens in ukraine '' to push forwards over the next year . 
  the show will be held in russian annexed kiev . 
  new esc winning strategy : get a bit invaded by russia . 
  some time in the next few years , we 're gon na be going back to baku again !, 
  ukraine vs. russia . 
  round 2 !, 
  fight !!, 
  they 're getting it by earpiece , i think . 
  would you like to be associated with the popular vote of your peers ? 
  so jury votes and televotes are apparently two very , very different things . 
  oh god i hope not . 
  the awkward would be painful a second time around . 
  why was this not the contribution they sent ? 
  how badly wants estonia into nordic ? 
  12 points to sweden bad !, 
  richard !, 
  well ... you tried to make up for it with your 12 points . 
  so ... wan na guess where a former english colony would decide they wan na host the esc ? 
  and for once , old people will ** not ** be calling to complain . 
  not entirely . 
  estonia will bribe sweden with 12 , trying to be allowed to be nordic . 
  it is malta . 
  nobody should be too concerned . 
  it is a summary of the jury votes cast . 
  that is definitely my favourite rapper from san marino as well . 
  self irony . 
  can ... can we vote for this ? 
  yes . 
  latvia has a strong catchy pop tune . 
  they 'll be up there . 
  we 'll be giving sweden 8 , probably . 
  we always do if their song is not the frontrunner . 
  we 're gon na be heading east for next years finals , that much is pretty damn sure already . 
  no no no no dearie ... one of your was more than enough . 
  did they try to be coldplay ? 
  on purpose ? 
  that french girl with too little clothes from the late nineties . 
  alizee or something ? 
  should n't this have come with an epilepsy warning ? 
  goddamn georgia . 
  i 've never seen someone extrude the air of `` i 'm a bass-player '' quite like that . 
  playing with the involvment of a manequin . 
  must be kinda distracting to sing with a crane-cam coming halfway into your cleevage . 
  fuck no . 
  i considered switching from beer to hard liquor after netherlands .
