  [ citation needed ], 
  norway have both white-tail and golden eagles . 
  the populations are recovering after having been endangered back in the nineties . 
  nobody likes them in their own region , so they 're allowed to play with europe instead . 
  full members of the uefa , plays world cup qualifiers in europe rather than asia etc. 
  i do this all the time over in / r/soccer so this is n't much of a difference . 
  toilet paper streamers from the ceiling ? 
  nothing new . 
  we nordics tend to circlejerk all over one another , and sweden are too cool and continental to hang with us schleps . 
  next year we 'll all send you freaking europop-techno-dance-shit , sweden !, 
  ten fucking points for jedward ? 
  this , this is why the scots want independence . 
  really , uk ? 
  are you fucking shitting me ? 
  welp ... looks like sweden will be suffering the esc next year . 
  ah ... hard liquor !, 
  that 's what i 've been forgetting all night . 
  i think a nice , bland glenfiddich should go well with this . 
  has n't that been status quo since forever ? 
  nok 5 , - which should be around half a pound or thereabouts . 
  actually , that would employ quite a few people . 
  planning , construction and so on . 
  it still feels like turkey 's lead singer both ogled and groped me . 
  little known fact : humperdink is actually part klingon . 
  we had one of those artists . 
  represented us internationally 3 times , participated in the nationals something like 14 times or so . 
  famous for being the first contestant ever to end up with zero points in the finals . 
  nobody wants an artist like that to happen to them . 
  believe me . 
  it sounds like somebody channelling tina turner trying to perform the official pop anthem of the olympics or the world cup or something . 
  if we vote for you this time , can you promise that you never send jedward again ? 
  please macedonia . 
  stop screaming at us and just tell us why you 're so angry . 
  we can work this out !, 
  excellent horrid , dull , radiopop . 
  actually , the entire thing is rather costly to the host nation . 
  back when ireland dominated year after year , the irish national broadcasters finally put their foot down and said that they could n't host the next years finals because they risked bankruptcy . 
  the mockery is half the fun . 
  on one occasion years ago , the norwegian announcer said something to the effect of '' ... and the swedish have granted us a performance with just about as much personality as the bookshelf `` billy '' from ikea . '', 
  many swedish jimmies were rustled . 
  can we get an official ruling ? 
  is that shorter than gina g 's outfit back in the stupid ages ? 
  knocking back champagne with the girlfriend . 
  this has become something of a tradition lately . 
  http://lyricstranslations.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/eurovision-voting-pacts.jpg this one ? 
  someone fetch a copy of the geneva conventions !, 
  i 'm quite sure bagpipes and accordions together are considered a crime against humanity . 
  even if the bagpipes were there for entirely decorative purposes . 
  it 's gon na be one of those mid-table unmemorable ballads . 
  at least it was performed in comprehensible english . 
  i think i remember the video packages being highlights about the countries about to perform , and not the host country . 
  or is my mind drifting ? 
  i have no idea why , but all my gay friends are all fired up about this every year . 
  i think it 's something about glam , horrible music and gaudy costumes that just appeal to the lgbt-community . 
  aaah ... 
  i remember that period around 1990 . 
  suddenly , for a few hectic years , geography was a cutting-edge science where something new happened every day . 
  shush !, 
  now you 'll make poland upset about us adding some variety to our social dumping projects . 
  we said `` send engineers '' , not `` send carpenters '' damnit !, 
  how about when you bastards suddenly decided that greenland was supposed to belong to you ? 
  huh ? 
  was n't that hilarious ? 
  how often do we have to tell you this estonia ? 
  you are n't a nordic country , and the only one of us who wants to play with you anyway is finland . 
  ( and he 's sort of special anyway ... ), 
  well , considering last years numbers on mapped labour shortages , we need : 7000 engineers 3050 drivers ( car , taxi and van drivers ) 2400 truck drivers 2850 carpenters 2150 plumbers 2050 system developers and programmers 1950 nurses 1550 door and/or phone salesmen 1300 electricians 1250 hairdressers 1250 carpenters 1250 nurses 1200 cooks ( http://www.nav.no/om+nav/tall+og+analyse/analyser/arbeid+og+velferd/arbeid+og+velferd/%c3%98kt+mangel+p%c3%a5+arbeidskraft.279228.cms ), 
  does `` spray-tan orange '' qualify as a fantastic skin tone ? 
  because those voices , for well over three minutes ? 
  that is more than likely to constitute a crime against humanity . 
  back when i had more friends in the lgbt-community , eurovision parties were a huge thing . 
  garden-party type of event , barbecue , people would turn out in gaudy outfits , karaoke as a warm-up before the proper event kicked of , abhorrent drinks of sugary awfulness with some vodka hiding in the somewhere amongst the fruit ( or of course , champagne ... ), 
   we pretend like we do n't care but if we do n't get close to winning , we assume it 's because ~ ~ we 're ~ ~ they 're dicks and no one likes us . 
  fixed for proper englishness . 
  wait what ? 
  epic sax guy was * your * fault ? 
  what year was that ? 
   a lot of what people call circlejerk-voting is also just the fact that close-by countries tend to have the same taste in music . 
  and this year , we 're sending something that made me think `` this sounds like something from the turkish hitlists . '', 
  it 'll be interesting to see how * that * is received in eastern europe . 
   i 'd say the winning song is almost always worthy . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the esc is nothing but a pan-european bad taste party/gay pride festival . 
  did n't you once even try sending something composed by andrew bloody lloyd webber , only to fail yet again ? 
  i hate that whenever i visit dublin . 
  when people find out i 'm a tourist , they start speaking slower , more loudly , and drop a whole lot of the more melodious parts of the irish . 
  just because my pronunciation is a bit off , i can still bloody listen in irish ye silly bog-trotter !, 
  still ... 
  it also seems like danes have a harder time understanding swedes than norwegians . 
  for a short while , i had a swedish co-worker and a danish boss . 
  when the two of them needed to communicate with 100 % clarity to avoid cock-ups , they resorted to english . 
  they had no trouble understanding me . 
  i think anyone initially have a bit of trouble understanding a guy from liverpool . 
  or glaswegian . 
  icelandic is closer to ancient norwegian without the german/danish/foul-things-from - across-the-seas-to-the-south influences . 
  mostly because iceland was settled by emigrating norwegians , i 'd guess . 
  the fact that to this day the official turkish policy is to insist that 1,8 million armenians just decided to go for a walk one day , is just all sorts of fucked up . 
  you just take it to a whole new level of upfucked messiness . 
  ownership of the physical infrastructure such as actual railways and stations and so on belongs to one company responsible for upkeep and maintenance . 
  meanwhile , everyone and his dog is free to buy a locomotive , two passenger cars , and declare `` i want to run a passenger service from little wankerbottomham-upon-riverbank and to the nearest city . '',
