assad promotes all these things as well except western terrorism , but he does everything on a much larger scale . 
  europe can solve its own problems , you break it you fix it, 
  no it is n't , syria is 90 % western europes fault , this whole war started years ago , you could easily argue europe not backing its ally is why this whole thing is continuing . 
  we are n't going to take the blame for europes fuck ups, 
  you realize the `` rule of law '' is do n't vote for opposition , do n't express any freedoms right ? 
  assad is worse for syria than isis , but he is better for west which is why you selfishly want him in power . 
  why should we take in syrians ? 
  how many south americans have you taken in ? 
  because we take in a million a year, 
  `` a practical viewpoint '' is supporting a murderous dictator . 
  it is only practical for the west . 
  by that logic everyone is irrelevant to everything so there should n't even be a comments section . 
  an american opionion is the most relevant when it comes to assad . 
  or really anything in general . 
  no , america is very relevant to your perspective , we could end your country tommorow . 
  exactly , they are irrelevant to me and on the world stage , i do n't type through european perspective i type through my own . 
  they are irrelevant , do n't be so sensitive . 
  you have to support assad if you want to post here ? 
  i 'm sure the all the innocent syrians assad has wiped out will appreciate your opionion , you also realize assad has killed 2x as many civilians as isis right ? 
  you make me sick , it is clear you only want assad because of refugees , makes me glad danes are an irrelevant people . 
  nah , you just have them killed working at newspapers . 
  enjoy your shitty laws, 
  you realize we had it easier because we enacted those laws right ? 
  we took something europeans call a crisis and profited from it , and yet europeans will still `` laugh '' at us while frantically trying to resolve it . 
  also related , it 's pretty common for the aliens we got to work for a few months and go back to their country with a much more valuable currency , we get our infrastructure built for dirt cheap , and the workers go home to be middle class . 
  but keep laughing at us / u/heeymaan, 
  * this is why people going through a crisis laugh at you . 
  let 's not forget we were going through an immigration wave twice as big for a number of years and resolved it pretty well , laugh at the results . 
  this thinking continues the cycle of poverty, 
  except in this case it is russia who must prove the man is guilty . 
  shut up fatass, 
  do n't tell them that they allowed a quarter of their population to be exterminated by a foreign force . 
  it is with the u.s. and europeans see any deal with the u.s. . as bowing down because of our influence , very insecure . 
  you would think most religions would be like `` do whatever you want , praise this guy , and give us money '' but they always come up with petty shit like this . 
  you do know i 'm telling a fuckin joke right ? 
  lay off the potatoes fatass lol, 
  it 's a dilemma i 've dealt with for years , there should be a word for it . 
  the sopranos , breaking bad , the wire , got , mad men , you really think our tv is shit when almost everyone watches it ? 
  no you do n't lol, 
  lol you think private property is sacred in europe ? 
  you ca n't even kill someone who enters your private property , how is it sacred ? 
  other people are n't american , we give you military protection , the internet and quality tv . 
  all we ask is you speak english . 
  america is # 1 yet again . 
  no , taking names started when ol' king george fucked with the wrong one . 
  if `` coward '' means kicking ass and taking names in your language than yeah , that 's exactly what we did . 
  and we beat russia so your welcome, 
  yep , we did n't kick nazi ass in ww2 to have to deal with this bullshit . 
  you 're right on nudity but i think our swearing is pretty much the same , on things like hbo say whatever the fuck you want , on cable keep it down until 10 , then say whatever you want . 
  i think he was joking , you know , a joke ? 
  and is not looking at throw up an american sterotype ? 
  i 've never heard that one . 
  there is nothing rational about nazis , they should be at the end of ropes , not in debate halls . 
  the present  the past, 
  nothing is good about far right party 's , they rely on fear mongering for votes and destroy whatever country they reign over . 
  there is a reason they only ever arise when people are scared/confused / whatever . 
  they leach off fear . 
  it 's not the military you lack , it 's the balls you lack . 
  can you show any proof this will happen or are you just fear mongering ? 
  you realize sweden has a lot more people now than in 1964 right ? 
  are you going to be complaining that gas is no longer a quarter too ? 
  look up ms-13, 
  maybe it 's time to make a new law , i 'm sure the french can deal with not slaughtering each other on the street because of religion . 
  and how is praying on the street a provocation ? 
  unless they are praying specific dangerous verses i do n't see how it effects you , you need to mind your business . 
  i do n't know about french laws but in america it 's perfectly normal for people to pray on the streets , to be scared of such a thing is ridiculous . 
  what does praying do ? 
  is france a nation of cowards ? 
  a religious person praying is now an occupation ? 
  you guys are fucking nuts . 
  yes , why do n't you ? 
  i 'm not glad of the us 's actions in the me but i also wo n't say it is completely terrible what we did . 
  i do n't think we took out saddam or ghaddafi for moral reasons but i 'm still glad we took out two dictators , we should have stayed a lot longer to smooth the transition to democracy and snuff out any isis like groups but even though we did n't i 'm still glad we took them out . 
  a country with a dictator can not grow and will remain terrible , taking them out might not always lead to good , and often does n't . 
  but the chance is well worth riffing yourself of a dictator . 
  because i am an individual and did n't vote for bush ? 
  for someone judging others based on their country you ironically are to scared to show your countries flair . 
  and i 'm glad you see fighting dictators as a bad thing , it takes a very deprived person to have that opinion . 
  i 'm not the one saying a country deserves a dictator , but i have a certain flair so i guess that 's a nice scapegoat for you . 
  heh , if you think guilt tripping americans is gon na accomplish anything than you 're wrong . 
  i 'm glad you know what 's best for other countries . 
  he did until the fuckin government restricted mounted mobility scooters to semi-autos . 
  do n't know what this countries come to . 
  lol , my friends packin more heat than the local police force, 
  america would n't . 
  yeah these refugees are so lucky , all it took was their family 's getting killed and their homes destroyed and now they get some free stuff , poor you . 
  probably more like `` there 's 2 on the left ! '', 
  and shit like that . 
  lol what a bunch of dumb rednecks . 
  it 's obviously what the comment i replied to is implying and is hoping too happen , do n't be obtuse . 
  i , too want to see many innocent german woman get raped so i can have my agenda pushed further . 
  it 's not like i 'm the only one who thinks it . 
  many scholars describe it as such too , and is generally regarded as a true thing . 
  but i 'm sure `` it 's so dumb i wo n't even respond '' is just one of those things people say when they have no real argument . 
  you 're argument would be terrible wrong , ww1 was pretty much a lead up to the world shifting changes of ww2, 
  if the u.s. 
  had n't taken charge when we did the world would have surely seen a ww3 by now . 
  we killed those muslims remember ? 
  i 'll dance with my muslim doctor or the muslims who helped us recently land a spacecraft on mars . 
  enjoy your patch of land though .
