  relax and stop being so easily offended . 
  god i hope not, 
  looks like euros ca n't take the top bantz, 
  the problem is europeans assume whatever they do is automatically `` progressive '' simply because they did it . 
  i would be 100 % down for this . 
  they 're so use to taking american money that they ca n't help it . 
  oh yeah i agree, 
  i know , when you 're not from a continent you tend to not know its geography, 
  relax, 
  we also think french prisons are terrible , and eastern european prisons are borderline third world . 
  draw me a map of africa or asia , from memory, 
  i would n't , being around depressing people is no way to live . 
  that 's pretty much what you 're known for in america . 
  is this like a universal rebuttal by europeans to americans that prove them wrong ? 
  to say they 're offended ? 
  how are you upvoted for such a shit comment ? 
  it 's a joke bud , learn to take one . 
  i assure you that the german stereotype of being into kinky porn is n't a grand american conspiracy to distract the fact that 2 girls 1 cup is viewed the most in america . 
  facebook is n't a government . 
  do n't fuck with us and we wo n't have to use the law , it 's not that hard . 
  anyone that slightly criticizees yurop is a gold mine to them . 
  probably korea and a few others . 
  drug test go beyond that , you could smoke 2 weeks before and fail a drug test . 
  it happens the other way around constantly , now it 's bad it 's happening this way ? 
  i think you just have a similar name to one of the ex-mods or something , my bad . 
  and yeah it was an ok sub for a while but now it 's just the commenters saying equally stupid stuff as the person they link , gazing into the beast eyes sort of thing . 
  they try to avoid outright calling for the murder of americans but there 's a very xenophobic tone to the whole thing . 
  fair enough , side note : did you used to moderate / r/shitamericanssay ? 
  i read the article but snoop always looks high so i thought that was a shitty excuse , but i get your point . 
  was there any prior proof other than him being snoop dogg ? 
  no , i 'm just saying the laws are backwards . 
  do you believe the same thing for countries that practice sharia law ? 
  and even if you do that does n't make it anymore backwards . 
  maybe on places like reddit , he 's not really especially known for his drug use in america more than any other rapper , maybe a little more but it does n't define him . 
  yes , for drunk driving , not for having smoked weed within a week . 
  one is sane , and the other is scandinavian logic . 
  did you say snoop dogg is only famous for his drug use ? 
  how old are you ? 
  snoop dogg is considered one of the greatest rap artist of all time and is probably the most respected artist in the biz , he was 2pacs best friend . 
  snoop dogg still makes great music . 
  snoop dogg says smoking with willie was the only time he 's borderline do passed out , ironically he is a southern icon . 
  1920 's america , so forward thinking . 
  swedish fans ? 
  you scandinavians are so indoctrinated . 
  you can just randomly snatch people up for drug test in sweden ? 
  that is insane , that shit would never fly in america . 
  this just kinda sounds like people are being racist again and you 're happy about that . 
  a lot better than the earth revolving around the sun still being controversial, 
   did you know that besides the u.s. , were the country with the most mcdonald 's ? 
  that 's a bit surprising , thought it would be another anglophone country . 
  in america we are taught almost all french people smoke , it 's probably the most prevalent stereotype next to eating snails . 
  we are the great satan, 
  no problem , thanks for the downvote . 
  we were more moral back then than now ? 
  are you joking ? 
  we are more moral now them we 've ever been , we were almost as bad as the nazis during ww2 . 
  we still allowed lynchings , homosexuality was outlawed , we constantly toppled democracies and did all kinds of crazy shit , now we have legalized same sex marriage , racism is considerably toned down and even our foreign affairs are much more progressive . 
  you are seeing the united states history through a very euro-centric pov , we are n't actively saving you from a country so we are the bad guys again , regardless of actually becoming more progressive throughout time you see us as becoming more worse because you stopped gaining from us . 
  my point is germans are n't as thankful as they should be to america , it 's like we never helped them at all if you ask a german . 
  am i wrong when i say the allies spearheaded by the u.s. we 're much nicer to the german people than we could have been ? 
  i wonder how kindly ww2 germany would treat surrending nations , especially the russians . 
  let 's not even get started on the marshal plan and how we bailed out your continent again because you could n't stop the petty squabbling . 
  i 'm talking about ww2 obviously , i believe the ww1 debts were bullshit , and should n't have been placed . 
  is it not ? 
  i 've met arrogant french people but i do n't think the arrogant french stereotype is true . 
  you only need to talk to one american you do n't agree with online to condemn the rest ? 
  plus i assure you i hate shouting and am pretty educated . 
  plus , what i said is a absolute fact that you can not dispute . 
  you really like that sub huh ? 
  germany did n't start the war ? 
  you do know that 's what nazis were right ? 
  germans ? 
  i know the media tries to paint them as separate but they were the same thing . 
  no , germany 's not the only country , and i do n't blame them for calling debts , i just appreciate the irony . 
  and no i do n't watch fox news . 
  literally 1000 % serious . 
  / r/shitamericanssay is a huge british circklejerk and express opinions dumber than anything they could link . 
  very ignorant of you to say that about schools you 've never been too , why would you do that ? 
  and no , we were taught pretty fact based stuff about germany , i just made my own opinions . 
  100 % which is why i laugh at germans calling in for debts , no sense of history . 
  i 've never even subscribed there , what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  ca n't handle the truth ? 
  edit : oh wait , you 're a euro nationalist from / r/shitamericanssay , should n't have said something slightly negative about glorious yurop !, 
  more like stopped them from becoming a eastern european poor shithole after they committed genocide and killed our people they owe us fucking big . 
  more of a solution . 
  maybe it is what the average of comfortable ness is , and i would love for restraunt temps to go up , but almost everyone i know can sit in 65 degrees in a t-shirt and shorts and be fine . 
  i 'm almost always called a pussy for saying it 's too chilly when it gets down to 62 . 
  it probably is from everyone in america just getting used to it , our schools are very chilly too . 
  peoe really are comfortable at that temperature , you might not be , but many people are , i 'm actually considered one of the weird ones for being comfy at 72 , almost everyone i know likes it around 65 . 
  which is around what most buildings are kept at . 
  not everyone has the same idea of a comfortable temperature , i like 72 , my friend likes 62 , it 's easier to keep it at 62 and i put on a light jacket . 
  it 's the other way around , the whole of europe is one giant leach . 
  we do n't complain , we just do n't give a shit . 
  i think the problem is if it 's too cold in the restraunt you can put on layers , if it 's too hot you ca n't take off layers . 
  yeah i realized that after i typed it , my b, 
  there 's no way britain would have more soft power , we lead the un and nato , not to mention the millions of other things . 
  everytime i talk to a german i get the impression that germany is a utopia and nothing bad ever happens there , and all other countries should be like germany . 
  thank god , now when i order a irish car bomb it 'll be relevant again . 
  whoops , forgot to take off my badge before i expressed an opinion . 
  but i 'll bite , i think americans in general are better at taking foreign criticism than brits .
