  i 'm an american conservative and i think you 're too far to the right . 
  why do you care when you will be long dead ? 
  what does it matter to you what color the skins of your citizens are ? 
  many predict america will no longer have a white majority within 50 years and i have zero problem with this , it is not as if white people are naturally superior , or do you think they are ? 
  yes , the world has n't changed at all in the last 2000 years , everything is the same and monumental changes in society have n't happened . 
  yet they 're are many that are saying it 's understandable because of immigrants, 
  so brainwashed, 
  the vietcong are actually well respected in america for being a formidable enemy . 
  ca n't say the same about germans obviously . 
  keep watching rt, 
  you would they would n't try to emulate the fucking losers . 
  american neo-nazis are the biggest hypocrites , one minute screaming how much they love america , the next emulating our biggest historical enemy . 
  i hope they get assraped in prison by an immigrant, 
  literally nothing you said is true , just do us all a favor and do n't let all that jingoism go to your head . 
  would n't want the u.s. to have to save the world from your destruction again . 
  germans : proving that white people are just as bad as any other race, 
  almost everyone in europe is descended from people who stole their land from another group , we just did n't totally wipe out our people like you guys did . 
  at least we wo n't repeat our mistake , ca n't promise the same for germany . 
  literally are ww2 winners . 
  try not to kill all the muslims ok ? 
  i 'm glad you guys know literally everything about me and all my arguments and beliefs based on a pixelated flair next to my username . 
  how pathetic . 
  now go back to whining about immigrants like a bible belt hick . 
  what is with germans and there jingoism . 
  it 's like they did n't learn to stop fucking with minority 's the last time around . 
  ah yes , you are all going to be genocided by a poor minority in a first world country in the 21st century . 
  stop playing dumb . 
  it 's probably the other way around , the native germans just feel their own police wo n't hit them and are more boldened and the immigrants are scared the police are looking for a reason to hurt them . 
  i know i 'm just fuvking with him, 
  i guess your countryman do n't have the balls to interrupt politicians . 
  i 'm not arguing against immigration, 
  i 'm not blaming you for anything , i 'm just telling you it 's fucking weird to use your countries own past as an indicator of what 's going to happen . 
  it does n't make sense unless your country is the one being talked about , do n't apply your own countries mistakes to other countries . 
  you germans better not get uppity again , would n't want to slap you on the wrist again . 
   mericuck no , you do n't get to say that , that 's our edgy catchphrase and europeans are the ones know for being cucks . 
  yes , their should be a revolution against the poor minority with no power . 
  do you know how revolutions work idiot ? 
  stop embarrassing white people . 
  this just proves immigrants are better than the native germans . 
  you have no right to use your own terrible immigration as an example of why immigration is bad . 
  that 's like if i shot someone in the head to explain why guns are bad . 
  it 's really not hard to take the moral high ground against brits , they 're probably indirectly responsible for most 3rd world countries and ruined india . 
  hell , we have a better track record than any euro country . 
  european logic : massacres an entire continent than uses their own genocude as an example of why immigrants should n't be trusted . 
  you guys are so cute . 
  no not really , cnn is more left wing than bbc america . 
  no , that 's not unashamedly left wing in the u.s. 
  actually you guys go to america but we do n't bitch even though you are vastly more anointing than any 3rd world immigrant . 
  ah yes , the prevalent opinion on / r/europe that the only to regions that exist are yurop and america . 
  you 're welcome, 
  just a bit of bantzity bantz, 
  pretty telling your proudest moment is not being able to protect your own citizens . 
  yes but many of the reasons to dislike the usa are even more present in russia or europe itself , so it makes no less . 
  yep , the world leaders and tactiticiants of the world are all stupid . 
  but not you , simply because you refuse to listen to someone based on personal politics . 
  that 's not the stupid part , nope . 
  putin has n't been even close to as geo-politically successful and respected as kissinger . 
  it 's quite frankly anti-intelligence and the mark of a stupid man to not listen to an experienced and successful person simply because you do n't like their politics or country of origin . 
  kissinger literally is a wise old leader , many credit him for turning america into the power juggernaut that it is and overseeing our most prosperous times . 
  just because you disagree with his politics does n't make him any less intelligent , qualified , or right . 
  and quite frankly i agree with him on many things , especially his ideology that having morals will get you no where in a cutthroat world , you are simply crippling yourself against the enemy . 
  imagine if kissinger did n't make the u.s. 
  the superpower it is today , how many more world wars would there have been ? 
  how many nuclear explosions ? 
  in the end realpolitik saves lives . 
  actually the u.s. has made the 3rd world overpopulated if anything . 
  where you do you live that saying you 're kinda gay makes you cool ? 
  good call, 
  i 'm surprised i never heard of this , i could see people calling for war over this . 
  ok , was just confused , thanks . 
  then why did you say what you said . 
  our empire is way different than past empires , we do n't actually take land , we just export culture and goods at an insane amount and make the world rely on us . 
  where did he say his opioid is inportant ? 
  im confused, 
  no , these people should not be able to close their eyes and ears to the problems of their country , they have not earned that privilege . 
  you 're welcome . 
  no , what he said made perfect sense , you 're just too dense to get it . 
  no , you should just know you are wrong . 
  i feel ya , i do n't feel like talking about your penis anymore though . 
  you must have a very high opinion of your penis to think it 's someone 's problem it 's not in them lol, 
  you probably get made fun of alot, 
  actors, 
  if you are ensuing that europe feeds africa you are wrong , nevertheless this will be a problem and we need to help african governments put themselves into the 21st century . 
  if a country gives certain rights to people based on if they get married and then bare certain citizens from that they are denying their citizens rights . 
  we are more progressive than them on many many things . 
  they reign over the constitution . 
  and are an equal part in the legislative branch , if something breaches the constitution they change it , they have a lot less power than you think . 
  if make a ruling saying something is unconstitutional than congress can simply make it constitutional . 
  although many americans still think they have too much power , but again they have no military force behind them , if they were to try to misuse this power they would be imprisoned or executed , and many presidents have outright ignored them before . 
   and one executed people . 
  i 'm glad we do , it 's the more humane thing to do . 
   uses solitary confinement . 
  good  spies on its own citizens . 
  so does germany . 
  yes it is , and no you do n't . 
  and yet one allows gay marriage and another continues to deny gays their rights . 
  that means you are gasp , behind amerikkka . 
  no , marriage is a human right . 
  fuck germany . 
  many americans still do n't .
