  there are methods the germany or britain or france do n't use that are better for america . 
  no , it 's because he criticized germany . 
  howd i know this would get upvoted in / r/europe ? 
  we do n't want to be europe , that is why we 're america . 
  we like our values more and honestly , i and millions of others prefer the way we do things here . 
  you just prefer european politics so you think they are automatically better . 
  we are not the richest , most innovative and powerful country in the world by being europe . 
  and you act as if all of a countries problems can be solved in a day by doing the same thing in other places , you think all of germany 's problems would be solved if the u.s. annexed germany like gay marriage for example ? 
  no , they would still be a land of germans just as we are a land of americans . 
  you have the politics of a 12 year old . 
  dont worry man , we 'll probably elect a war hawk president in 2016 and get your land back while once again proving how reliant europe is on the u.s. 
  every war has casualties , we killed much more people ( especially when you consider your above numbers were vastly killed by their own people , not u.s. soldiers ) during ww2 , i would still say it was good to enter ww2 . 
  i 'm not saying the deaths are acceptable or anything less than terrible but they are understandable but i believe if saddam would have stayed in power many more would die . 
  i 'm not saying genocide was the reason we invaded , i 'm just saying i 'm glad we invaded because he did commit genocude and probably would have done it again . 
  he paid for his crimes , which is all that matters . 
  do n't play stupid, 
  you do n't let genocide go because of what could happen , you stop it immediately , no matter the cost . 
  you can never be sure these days . 
  no , it would just be saddam warring another country while genociding his own people . 
  much better . 
  you make alot of good points but you are not him and are just assuming what he actually means . 
  but i can assure you if i said `` as an american we should intervene in swedish affairs ' i would be so downvoted i would lose all my karma . 
  even if i had a good reason . 
  he honestly believes of all the fucked up countries in the world that need intervening it 's america ? 
  he does n't honestly believe it , he just wants to stroke his nationalistic cock . 
  then ok , what if i said we should invade belarus because of their system ? 
  everyone would freak the fuck out and id be banned . 
  it is very obviously because he is swedish , he even says `` as a swede '' in his comment . 
  this is the horseshit that gets upvoted in / r/europe and it makes / r/worldnews look like intelligent conversation . 
  internet grammar is serious business, 
  saying you want to war a country because they are inferior to your country is the very definition of jingoism . 
  i wonder if it would as well received here if i said we should attack india to stop their rapes . 
  of course it would n't , but because he 's swedish it 's suddenly ok to be jingoistic, 
  as a matter of fact , outside of their good education scores most politicians use nordic countries as a scare tactic , to say we would become them . 
  you are really butthurt about our country not being you 're country . 
  you realize everything you 're saying is extremely jingoistic and nationalistic right ? 
  believe it or not we do n't want to be sweden , we see your values as inferior . 
  learn to think outside of your own bubble . 
   europe should intervene fucking lol , are you some type of comedian ? 
  you can continue getting rowdy but europe and sweden will always be under the boot of the u.s. you 're country is pathetic and relys on us too much . 
  edit : this guy is being upvoted in the hundreds for saying he wants to war with the u.s. and i 'm being downvotes for pointing out how stupid he is ? 
  are you upset that we are a more powerful country ? 
  have you been in the u.s. ? 
  i 've seen the exact opposite , it seems like the u.s. media is itching to start a race war , and whites are always `` mentally ill '', 
  bullshit , i bet you all say that, 
  europe is easy if you 're from that continent , africa would be impressive . 
  the ukraine is a bit different then russia . 
  i would n't doubt most brits do n't have a clue about the ukraine either . 
  fair enough . 
  we have a pretty above average education test so it 's not that . 
  but most americans do n't see geography as a value or something to care about knowing . 
  but i 'm pretty sure most people can place russia on a map . 
  most people could definitely place russia , let 's not be ridiculous . 
  eh , usually when it comes to us vs russia this sub always take americas side . 
  not as any warmth to america , but we 're just not russia to them . 
  i 'm aware , i thought it was implied that 's what i was talking about . 
  of course we are helping our allie against non-allies . 
  no we are n't , we are arming the kurds, 
  that 's exactly what it is , kids should be getting trashed and fucking , not this shit . 
  the whole idea of youth parties is terrifying and fuck sweden for having them . 
  is true though . 
  you ca n't deny it without lying . 
  we are the good guy compared to everyone else , maybe other than the kurds . 
  what did they do to the u.s. army ? 
  iirc iraq is considered the most one sided war in modern history . 
  we barely reviewed any casualties . 
   good thing nationalism died europe fucking lol , you guys are more nationalistic than the most red blooded american . 
  and yet even the worse american beer is better than stella artois . 
  this is why europe is falling behind north america , lack of diversity, 
  you 're gon na have to use something more than memes to hit a nerve . 
  also something that is n't blatantly false , go with we do t know geography , that ones actually true . 
  but i 'm sure you have zero issue criticizing american laws or culture . 
  i wonder if you would care nearly as much if it was canadians or englishman saying the same exact things . 
  you are an xenophobe , why you have picked a country that is rather irrelevant to yours i 'll never know . 
  maybe xenophobic is the better word , though i have no doubt your nationalistic as well . 
  he 's describing your nationalistic behavior . 
  no , some teen living with his parents should not be paid the same as someone with bills . 
  i 'm sure the uk is great for you but that does n't make it the greatest . 
  personally i believe middle class america is the greatest thing to be in the world but i 'm sure many non-americans disagree . 
  i do n't know , i have n't visited many countries . 
  but i 'm pretty sure the uk is n't the best place in the word . 
  it just is n't . 
  you are n't the least bad though, 
  now you know how literally every minority feels . 
  except there 's is 10x worse, 
  what the fuck are you talking about , bacon is delicious in america, 
  no , it does . 
  read it again . 
  fair enough , i still do t think anything i said lended me to being an idiot . 
  just having out of the box thoughts . 
  i think it makes perfect sense ? 
   you 're an idiot . 
  i disagree . 
  i have no idea , it just seems like you were trying to counter what he said with more examples . 
  and with this subs tendency to take everything americans say as a 100 % actual criticism i thought you were another offended european . 
  do n't know why you would be offended , but i 've seen people be offended by less on this sub . 
  i thought you were taking the joke at face value and trying to list other companies with a shady past when it was just a joke . 
  i did n't think you were attacking america i just thought you were being overly defensive . 
  it makes a lot of sense, 
  you people become so humorless on this sub when an american makes a joke .
