  you surrender ? 
  again , you have zero perspective . 
  and my hypothetical is 100 % true , if the attack happened to france you would have done similar or worse things . 
  no country has there most iconic buildings destroyed and 3000 citizens killed and not go after the guy who bragged about it the next day . 
  you 're still not getting me , you are seeing everything from a present pov , have some perspective . 
  and do n't act as if the french would n't turn on america if we did n't help you in war . 
  i can already see the `` lol america pretending to be moral '' style comments , the french are not some bastion of rational people . 
  if what happened to america happened to france there would have been similar results , and judging by french history you guys would have reacted worse . 
  you do n't get what i 'm saying , we had just suffered a devasting terrorist attack and at the time most of the public thought iraq was responsible , and then our ally says that they will not help us . 
  france would have acted the same , if not worse considering the u.s. is seen as `` world police '', 
  i do n't think any governing body named anything against the french either , but it 's funny you act as if after your country was hit with the most deadly terrorist attack in history then your allie abandons you there would n't be a spike in anti-american thinking , we get blamed all the time for not joining wars so i know you would of . 
  are we seriously still saying the reason was oil ? 
  how simple minded are you ? 
  the iraq war was the u.s. 
  continuing goal of gaining political control over the middke east , oil was at best a fund for the war . 
  and you can disagree and not help but do n't wine when the same thing happens to you . 
   all your politicians flipped a long time ago . 
  democrats did , republicans still say it was a good thing . 
  `` it does make a war better '' yeah not really , i do n't see how more leaders of countries giving you the go head makes the death and destruction any more bearable . 
  i might sound like a hippy but the idea of a `` legal war '' is fucking insane . 
  also in not sure what you mean by `` right side of the argument '' the u.s. is having an economic fluorish and iraq is a hell hole , it 's not like we lost the war . 
  it only showed france is not willing to help its allies , which can come back to you in the future . 
  that 's fine that france does n't want to be us 's bitch , and it 's fine you did n't want to help in iraq , but do n't believe it was done for any moral reason , france had its own reasons . 
  and why do you keep stressing `` illegal '' war as if that makes a war any worse ? 
  yes it took so much courage to not go to war , so brave of you to not sacrifice your people 's lives , the epitome of courage . 
  they surrendered in ww2 , vietnam , then were to scared to help their ally in the middle east . 
  is it really a joke when they do it so much ? 
  mexicans are great immigrants , they are hard workers and very appreciative of their opportunities . 
  but i do n't like this idea europeans have that their gods gift to earth and any american who complains about them is uncultured swine , or that were not allowed to criticize immigration the way they do because our immigrants are `` better '' . 
  mexicans bring a lot of positives but they also bring a lot of negatives . 
  they also have 10 + kids all on welfare , they would stress your wealthfare system to its end . 
  but please tell us how we actually love our immigrants and have it so easy . 
  so you 're not about free speech at all ? 
  i value / r/europes opionion even less than yours . 
  i guess you islands should take what you can get, 
  any education he would have got regarding his studies would be from america , and any advantages he had to get his prize would be because of america , it 's an american prize . 
  he 's definitely been american longer than he 's been irish , he was simply born there . 
   totally different situations . 
  ah , the call of the european hypocrite , the only thing different is our immigration was 10x worse than yours . 
  i 've never been apart of a union, 
  this is us and south americans , ironically south americans were heavily criticized by the rest of the west for building a wall . 
   i support cancer - zyllber, 
  i always laugh when i see westerners make fun of capitalism , be thankful for what gave you your prosperity and options . 
  and saved you from the grips of communism . 
  no offense but your point is fucking retarded and has no merit in any educated discussion on cultural output . 
  that 's because you were the cultural center for a very long time , we have taken over but only for around 40 years , you ca n't use your past supremacy to argue the present . 
  unions are the cancer of capitalism, 
  no , we are the cultural center of the world . 
  i bet you are just a brit who ca n't handle the fact that we have obviously surpassed you . 
  fucking germans, 
  no it is in our interest to have good relations with russia but unlike europeans we are not scared of russia . 
  no problem, 
  the majority silencing the minority is a problem , but with free speech the minority can quickly become the majority ( of course this can be bad too ) . 
  look at the treatment of gays in america , in the 40 's they were considered sick , diseased , unholy . 
  many people saw them the same way people look at murderers today , a law could have easily been passed that praising the gay community in any positive light is illegal . 
  with that restriction gays would still be considered evil , the public reception never would have changed . 
  or the drug war , what if at the announcement of the drug war any debating it would be illegal ? 
  just look throughout history at all the crazy shit they did that is appalling today , times change and having a restriction on can lead to very bad things or never allowing a person to sympathize with the victims . 
  and i disagree with your last paragraph , people do think that the government attracts a certain scum but it 's not as if we do n't know who are exercising their freedom of speech in a vile way , we just put up with it because you take the good with the bad . 
  my main point is you argue for restrictions today because it favors dignity and to be blunt the left wing . 
  but tides can easily change and a monster can use the precedent to his advantage . 
  it would be much harder for a republican to limit his opponents freedom of speech than it would be a german right wing party . 
   is n't this a slippery slope fallacy ? 
  yes , but based upon history rather than random guessing . 
  because freedom of speech is pretty much the top of an umbrella , removing freedom of speech is the gateway to remove all else , and if all else has been taken free speech is a means to get it back . 
  if you cut off freedom of association but retain freedom of speech then you can argue against the government cut of association , and inform of the public . 
  but if you cut off freedom of speech but not association what does that right matter anyway ? 
  once you are in that group what next ? 
  cutting off freedom of speech is the key to cutting everything else off , once that is gone you can make any change you want and no one can argue it . 
  that 's why i call it an achilles heel . 
  it is a countries one true weakness throughout time . 
  freedom of speech being absolute has more to it than it being a natural `` right '' . 
  going against absolute freedom of speech is essentially making your government susceptible to tyranny , not saying it will , but it puts an achilles heel in your country . 
  by saying freedom of speech is absolute we are covering what is generally a countries biggest weak point . 
  what if a right wing person decides criticizing the right is not allowed ? 
  in a society with absolute freedom of speech this is a no-no , that is not allowed . 
  but without that absoluteness there is already a precident for silencing members of society , even if it starts out as nazis , or racist it can quickly be used for other things , because in a society without absolute free speech it is not unheard of to silence members of society . 
  it essentially is a weakness in your country that must be watched , and sometimes it is not watched enough . 
  but we 'll just get a smug `` muh freeze peach '' because apparently valuing these things is worthy of mockery . 
  it comes off as brainwashing . 
  i trust the vast majority , i trust them less with cars and airhorns, 
  not exactly , if someone is endangering your lifeof course it is ( just like a lot of countries ) but it should be the last thing you have to do . 
  police solve the problem of crime . 
  a safeguard from tyranny and the ability to protect yourself is a huge plus but it 's mostly because people guns . 
  neither does america , does n't mean we disallow our citizens from using them, 
  i do n't know how you could be proud that your own citizens do n't trust each other, 
  i doubt public healthcare accounts for even 1 % of gun crimes , it is mostly education and inner city poverty, 
  proving americans are superior to europeans gives me a smile only rivaled by sex and cocaine, 
  they were properly integrated and educated instead of feared and hated . 
  it 's true literally every other time , people like you do not like history . 
  why do you want to preserve your `` genetic integrity '' . 
  what is `` genetic integrity '' how would you go about doing this ? 
  the answer to these questions is why it is racist . 
  and the fact that everyone who believes in these sort of things happen to be racist . 
  does it go without saying ? 
  i 've seen people in this sub argue in favor of it as the top comment , i do n't think it goes without saying anymore . 
  we have dealt with our problem , mexicans come here and do all our work for dirt cheap . 
  and most refugees/immigrants/whatever conform to american culture and values , they love america more than the actual natives . 
  how are we able to do that and you ca n't ? 
  i can think of a reason .
