  it 's called `` the jeselnick show '' or something like that , it had anthony jeselnick as the star , i think it 's cancelled now . 
  i do n't see how nordic humor could be darker than american humor , i mean we had a tv show where a comedian puts up pictures of children burn victims and other comedians make fun of that person . 
  not to mention south park . 
   we do n't have places where the police does n't dare to go, 
  i wonder if france will sue belgium for suggesting no go zones exist, 
  so 28 is a barely developed shithole ? 
  we are around western europe and above most of eastern europe but we 're a barely developed shithole ? 
  combine the fact that literally anyone wis lived here would say you 're wrong and you come off looking very arrogant and stupid , not a good combo . 
  i assure you that most people would rather live in america than your country , as in 90 % of the world . 
  wait france called us that and the u.s. is still brought in and insulted ? 
  we just ca n't win lol, 
  they were hit with us weapons many times , i agree it 's not like we had airstikes raining down on them but i still think their better, 
  pretty sure abrams are better , they are almost never destroyed in battle, 
  the congress keeps denying them, 
  fair enough , i just thought comparing them to spooky muslims would get more of a rise out of people , and there are obvious similarities, 
  telling citizens what clothing they can and can not wear, 
  well that 's what your propaganda says anyway , pretty funny how european countries are looking up to the middle east now to form their laws, 
  you guys are still this sore about us saving you again huh ? 
  turkey could never compete with the atrocities russia commits, 
  that subs cool until the rare occasion when white people are the target of the joke , than its a score of people getting butthurt and trying to prove blacks are n't actually human, 
  what the fuck are you going on about, 
  you 're welcome, 
  he 's has no grip on reality , an idealist to a fault . 
  good morals does n't run a country . 
  only sane thing he 's ever said, 
  what you 're saying is neither of those though , you 're saying because his values are n't inherently european , he is not a european . 
  which is n't true , that 's like me saying american communist are n't actual americans . 
  if you are raised in europe , surrounded by european friends , speak a european language , and have citizenry in europe you are a european . 
  regardless of terror attacks or shitty values, 
  being born in europe ? 
  they 're as european as you, 
  propaganda has worked in italy it seems , you genuinely believe race is obsolete in europe ? 
  that 's so cute and terrifying, 
  saying racism is t a thing is the most jingoistic thing i 've ever heard . 
  and i did n't say europe is more racist than america , i said many parts of it are . 
  and just because you repeat something does n't mean it 's true , stop being so insecure and accept your country is full of racist people . 
  and stop being so naive . 
  just because you discriminate based on ethnicity and culture does n't mean you do n't also discriminate based on race . 
  it is extremely absurd that you would think europe is this little bubble in the world where people are n't racist . 
  i would say a lot of europe is even more racist than america . 
  especially eastern europe . 
  stop lying to yourself . 
  i 'm telling you , race is still a thing in europe . 
  it might not be as prevalent as america but it 's still a very big thing , europeans are still humans . 
  wat , there is definitely racist groups still in europe , and there are still plenty of racist in europe . 
  you ca n't honestly be making this argument that there is n't . 
  this is the most absurd thing i 've ever heard . 
   race is n't really a thing in europe . 
  you have to be joking , is this what europeans actually believe ? 
  yes , europeans have transcended thinking of race . 
  it 's more the fact that europeans live in fairyland and have no sense of what reality is outside of yurop . 
  i doubt they 'll wait 2 years, 
  except it 's easy to bet this statement is popular in france right now , usa had around 80 % pro war after 3000 deaths , let 's see how many france has that are pro war after 150, 
  and now you see our reaction after 9/11, 
  there 's a strong sense of insecurity and victim hood coming from your comment, 
  not having time to protest is n't something you should be proud of , that 's shameful, 
  you worry about making consumable exports silly belgian , you 're not good for much else, 
  the difference is the young ones fighting in the me more often then not want to fight , the ones in russia were drafted, 
  except the u.s. , enjoy your country , i 'll stay here . 
  or as i said , move to a european country that is n't us junior , it 's much better where i live than it is in london i assure you . 
  al qaeda and the taliban are objectively worse than a bunch of russian teens forced to enlist , simo haya killed hundreds of people who had no option and is celebrated , chris kyle kills known terrorist and is shunned i wonder if nationality has a play in this . 
  lol you write a paragraph saying the uk is among the greatest countries in the world and the u.s. is a shithole and i 'm the self righteous ignorant one ? 
  you ca n't be serious , this has to be a parody . 
  it seems you e spent far too much time in the uk because you are incredibly defensive about your country . 
  but how does that make one a badass and one not ? 
  they both killed large amounts of people with a sniper , hell one did it in foreign territory and terrain which makes it more impressive . 
  and the people chris kyle killed were much more bad then the people simo haya killed, 
  you mean the guy who moved to a different country and stays there likes that country more ? 
  well no shit benedict arnold , but you could n't pay me to live in london . 
  or anywhere in that depressing shithole , i 'll stay where i am , or move to a superior european country , or australia . 
  but there 's a reason canada and aus do n't want a free movement agreement with the uk . 
  and yes , the uk is completely irrelevant compared to the u.s. , hell , were more influential in european affairs than they are . 
  but if chris kyle puts up similar numbers he 's a warmonger and should be ashamed . 
  buutblasted brits have to compare themselves to our worst to feel better, 
  the facts in the link ? 
  they are just barely better than the u.s. 
  in most areas , compared to sweden or norway or even germany ( aka countries your size ) you have zero to be proud of , and the u.s. is a third world country ? 
  lmao now you 're just trolling , the u.s. is barely different than the uk or canada and you 're calling it a 3rd world country ? 
  you are so butthurt it 's embarrassing . 
  we 're the most powerful country in the world militarily , economically , and culturally . 
  we practically control nato and the un . 
  this year we just landed a fucking rover on mars . 
  if we 're the `` laughing stock of the world '' what does that make everyone else , and especially the uk . 
  not really , you have almost nothing to be proud of . 
  hell any global action you take comes from us orders . 
  you ca n't patch up lost dignity , but please keep taking pride in something most of the world has anyway , it 's all you 've got left . 
  and you 're still bitched around by a country like that , the shame you must feel, 
  so just toss the problem to a country with enough problems of its own ? 
  that 's extremely immoral , why not just put a bullet in their fucking head ? 
  our military is large enough that the draft would n't happen again , and if it did i 'd simply refuse and go to jail , i will never face the realities of war . 
  and expressing the thousand 's year old concept that smaller nations are at the mercy of bigger nations is creepy ? 
  did you call your history teacher creepy for explaining it too ? 
  and i do n't care what hatesubs say about me . 
  not my point , i will never have to face the realities of war and my land has zero chance of being invaded , residents of smaller countries always have this possibility and they can do nothing to stop it . 
  they are at the mercy of countries like mine . 
  you realize sweden is the top 3 weapon distributors to the middle east and fought in the afghan invasion right ? 
  so really they 've done worse than nothing , at least we landed a rover on mars and hundreds of other things . 
  do n't get too upity swede , your country has n't accomplished anything either, 
  as a small country you will never be truly able to live peacefully, 
  you 're just upset that the anglosphere is # 1 and your shitty irrelevant country will be forgotten .
