  i 'm arguing against the welfare state i guess ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i support multiculturalism , and i support muslims entering europe for safety . 
  which is why i must insist you drop the welfare state because it will cause you to eliminate anyone who uses it , and eventually indiscriminately africans and muslims . 
  i have a soft spot for middle easterners and africans , and i do n't wish to see them be slaughtered by europeans defending their outdated system . 
  you are using particularly wording to overplay one and underplay the other . 
  the confederate flag existed before the civil war and was used as a rep. of virginia . 
  it has an extreme similarity to the celtic cross , both being innocent , then being used to represent something unrelated , and it 's other users insisting its not racist . 
  actually the celtic cross is worse considering the flag did n't represent slavery itself and was n't used specifically for racism but was used by an army as its official flag . 
  the celtic cross is much worse . 
  i do n't want to you guys to ban anything , but that is racist . 
  no , because the rise in crime is a logical conclusion that you ca n't avoid and must prevent . 
  they 're is nothing making the extreme right firebomb houses , they are doing it to scare the liberal european because the liberal european is easily scared . 
  it is not pragmatism , pragmatism would be threatening 50 years of torture to any violent attacker , this is bowing before extremism and terrorism . 
  it 's not an option , you do n't get to decide on this . 
  the welfare state is an extremely poor thought out system and only works in a very specific circumstance , you e only had it for an extremely short amount of time and it is already proving to have more holes than swiss cheese . 
  and you can not simply do what australia does , hell australia ca n't do what australia does , they 'll soon be cultirized by the asian countries . 
  like i said , you are either going to drop your ineffective system or slaughter millions defending it , and i 'm not talking millions of soldiers , i 'm talking kids , woman , especially the crippled . 
  the asians are a different story , they produce offspring at an equal rate to the africans and are not a desirable location , i should have clarified , multiculturalism is inevitable for the western whites , especially europe , a country with only 10 million people and large tracks of land and riches are going to attract the africans en masse . 
  it is not up for debate , outside of slaughtering anyone that try 's to come in they will come in . 
  and europe is already more of a police state than the usa , including ireland . 
  so i would n't worry about becoming that , but you will give up the welfare state , it is an obsolete and not well thought out system . 
  but seeing as you think multiculturalism can be avoided it seems you 'd be more likely to kill anyone that tried to change your outdated system . 
  kinda funny an irishman opposes multiculturalism so much when they were the main thing people did n't want 100 years ago . 
  pragmatism and bowing before terrorist go hand in hand , it 's often the easiest thing to do . 
  but that 's beside the point , if your welfare state can not handle any amount of stress , it can not handle change , it is a flawed system and must be dropped , it is an inflexible system in a world that bends all systems . 
  and what you want is the opposite of pragmatic , changing every bit of your country or attempting to avoid all changes to fit one system is the opposite of pragmatic . 
  pragmatic is what the u.s. has done , our system is flexible and can handle or evolve with change , your system only wirks under its current circumstance . 
  and a system that can not handle change is doomed to fail . 
  what i am saying is this - multiculturalism is inevitable , it is not something you can avoid so there is no use in trying , you must adapt to this reality . 
  and eventually you will be faced with a choice , futily exterminate anyone that stresses the welfare state , or adapt to it , no matter how pragmatically you have to do it . 
  yes it does . 
  you seem to be saying that you live in fear of the right wing and will do whatever it takes to stop them from getting violent . 
  you are literally cowaring before right wing terrorism . 
  right back at you, 
  what are these supposed to mean ? 
  you can say the n-word and not go to jail , but you 're not free from public judgement . 
  and what does affirmative action have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the adl is an american instituition . 
  ah , i thought you were trying to justify it , sorry . 
  i did n't yell it because he has a different opinion , i jokingly implied it because if you 're response to `` that 's racist '' is `` i do n't care '' then it 's a pretty decent sign . 
  i do n't actually think he was apart of the kkk , he is probably a racist though . 
  jokes are n't allowed i guess . 
  germans are xenophobes though , not because of this incident but because they just are . 
  it 's an even worse idea to molotov cocktail innocent people . 
  and america has a lot of blacks , i guess killing them is ok now . 
  it says a lot about a country that they need actual laws to keep the public blind or they 'll start attacking innocent immigrants again , it says a lot about germans . 
  lol wat , the problem with right wing extremism is with innocent asylum seekers and not the actual extremist ? 
  that 's incredibly convenient , now the right can keep bombing houses and killing innocents and say `` look what you made me do '' . 
  i guess the holocaust was n't the nazis fault either because the jews were ruining the economy . 
  you mostly support it , and if not i 'm sure you support that it is a racist symbol , this is no different . 
  i 'm sure you feel the same way about how the swastika is just a defiled copy of another symbol ... oh wait no you guys banned the entire symbol . 
  / r/europe , the land of hypocrites . 
  is everyone in this thread actually shocked ? 
  it 's literally almost always used by racist . 
  stop being so easily offended , i 've seen it used more by neo-nazis than the swastika . 
  this really should t be a surprise , you 're no different than the southern americans whining about the confederate flag . 
  that 's what i say when i don my robes, 
  yes but most of these are from the people in poverty who are forced to cross our miny desert on foot , the economic migrants are trafficked in . 
  the traffickers to america are very well experienced and the chances of this happening are ten times lower . 
  and if they get caught they are only sent 10 miles back , not risking death . 
  they do n't have family or belongings there ? 
  they probably do n't have family in hungary and would be homeless there . 
  it 's extremely sad , imagine all the money we spend on the military and overseas . 
  we could use it too actually make the world a much better place . 
  we were best when we were isolationist , we are powerful enough that any country could not attack us so there 's no need for all this influence and what not , it only is useful to protecting the rich people 's assets . 
  we should completely become isolationist and only intervene to stop europe from its routine genocided to flex our power occasionally . 
  russians and americans have a lot more in common then we let on , it 's why we hate each other so much . 
  lots of american tv shows rely on self deprecation , well at least where it makes sense . 
  the watershed rules also happens in america minus nudity . 
  yeah it 's a pretty decent show . 
  i 'm not upset at dank memes , i just find it curious we are brought up so much , then you guys wonder why americans are so arrogant lmao, 
  they definitely have commercials on most channels and bleep cuss words on most channels . 
  yeah he is , and do you really want a brit making fun of germany for 30 minutes a week lol, 
  i 've already done it for you . 
  that 's a good thing is n't it ? 
  if you want to see nudity you easily can , if you do n't you can easily avoid it . 
  fair enough , though our tv is n't much different than the brits or canadians but we get the chunk of it . 
  you 've never seen hbo ? 
  and do you bring up the u.s. every time tv is talked about lol, 
  you guys are obsessed with us . 
  i would much rather have a politician who is afraid of his people and thinks twice before he speaks and acts . 
  i have zero problem with people gaining citizenship once they cross the border . 
  i am aware , but if a child is raised under a certain culture he will adopt it , that 's why a muslim born in germany has more in common with germans than he would a muslim born in the me . 
  i am aware of that as well , after all the whole point of democracy is for the majority opinion to win , but in any good representative democracy it will be an influence of both sides and opinions . 
  that 's minoroties of opinions than race and that is only true in a very direct democracy , which most euro countries are not . 
  it 's not nationalist to say we accomplished things without europe , or to speak proudly of your country . 
  almost everyone that does n't live in a third world shithole speaks proudly of their country at least a little . 
  and linking nasa to nazis is more a meme than a fact and is usually used by european and russian nationalist to discredit the great strides of the american space program . 
  it 's only terrible because the white majority treat them like shit , there is n't some unwritten rule that being a minority has to be terrible . 
  and no , the `` brown friends '' will be french , english , german , and polish , etc. 
  that 's how it works . 
  no , america stopped being a european nation in the very early 1800 's , we were an american nation after that . 
  and anything we accomplished has zero relation to europe . 
  as we became the land of immigrants we accomplished what we did and viewed the european whites as warmongers , your entire continent was staying white and genociding each other ( blaming immigrants and minority is for all your problems ) while the melting pot watched and judged and eventually had to help save you . 
  `` the worlds most successful nation '' was built by the chinese , africans , french , irish and south american hispanics . 
  and as we have become more made up of immigrants since 2000 we have legalized gay marriage , become less strict on gun laws and since 2008 become a much more peaceful nation , and our e onomy and unemployment have become great . 
  all the while becoming less white . 
  what exactly is going to happen to their future if they have more brown friends . 
  surely european countries are great enough to be able to educate anyone right ?
