  that was n't what i meant buddy , i am talking about his way of thinking . 
  you poles are stuck in the 19th century i see , and you wonder why you 're still considered closer to mexico than any western country . 
  i do n't know why you fear the muslim when your thought process is closer to them than any christian . 
  do n't you want to end up like western europe ? 
  i 'm not saying we 're the good guys , but we were the good guys to you , just be thankful you are n't another former soviet shithole right now . 
  you mean the 2 world wars where you tried to fuck up the rest of the world ? 
  you should be lucky you are even sovereign . 
  or is n't most of western europe just a u.s. state anyway ? 
  of course you do n't need any more help , we already spent billions of dollars and decades too help you , the ungratefulness is sad . 
  those silicon valley dudes , fucking morons . 
  and he would have deserved every inch of lead, 
  yes they would , risking their life for a chance at safety is better than the alternative , even if europe closed down its borders and threatened to kill anyone who stepped foot in their country it would still be a better alternative to assads air strikes or jihadist beheadings . 
  100 % serious , do they not have education in france ? 
  regardless of french arrogance i am objectively right . 
  only on this sub would you get upvoted for something so completely fabricated . 
  1 . this situation is barely attached to isis . 
  we have n't directly armed isis , they took the guns from people we did arm 3 . 
  even if your comment was true we would n't have to deal with it , well ... because we 're america and do n't have to take the eu 's shit on anything . 
  lol, 
  i 'm saying stop excusing every white mass murderer as `` having mental problems '' they do n't all have mental problems . 
  i think it 's the whole `` basic human empathy '' thing getting in the way . 
  im not race baiting fuccboi, 
  im white you dumb mothafucka , go back to watching your wife fuck someone, 
  of course , white people dont ever actually do anything wrong , just anyone that does wrong has to have a mental disorder . 
  it 's the muslims that do things wrong . 
  believe it or not absolute numbers have a place , and even not in absolute numbers 50 families is small by any stretch of the imagination . 
  how are you not getting this ? 
  does your bias run that deep ? 
  and how am i from a glass house ? 
  i am for all countries increasing their immigration of refugees , i have not been hypocritical about my stance . 
  i have a feeling the only reason you actually cared about my comment was the american flair , which says a lot about you . 
  he 's not wrong though , if this was cnn or fox it would be on the front rage of reddit , that 's an objective fact , it happens almost everytime . 
  the right wing would sooner see their country burn to the ground then see a brown child playing with a `` pureblood '' peacefully . 
  so this makes isis aggression ok ? 
  germany seems to be doing alright , what is with the racist doomsayers acting as if what they are predicting has already happened ? 
  even when you factor in context we 've still taken in 1000 from a single nation across the world while poland takes in around 100 , if that . 
  and i seriously doubt poland has taken in many other refugees ( or immigrants ) other than maybe ukrainians . 
  stop trying to defend inhumanity . 
  i 'm aware and i just said we took in 70,000 refugees ( as described by the un ) last year . 
  and you sites how many syrians we 've took in to prove me wrong when that is just one country . 
  for the record i believe the u.s. takes in a pathetic amount as well . 
  but polands number makes me upset . 
  that 's syria my friend , let 's not forget we have our own backyard that immigrants poor from , would you like me to criticize a euro country for not taking in south americans ? 
  ah yes , the excuse that an already fucked up region is now the fault of america because of some loose connection to something 70 years ago , and not the fact that europe decimated the place then carved up the borders giving less than a shit about what happened next . 
  about 70,000 every year , not including the hundred thousand illegal south americans that come here every year . 
  allowing human suffering is my business , and poland is doing just that . 
  what the fuck are you doing here ? 
  poland has only taken in 50 families ? 
  how pathetic . 
  i blame franz because his name makes him sound like the kind of guy who walked past commoners and rubbed his money in front of them whilst outing `` hehehe '', 
  not necessarily , the uk might grab at the chance to become more important in the eu * remember , cameron does not care for the publics vote , he 's a politician . 
  i was n't bantering , i was joking . 
  `` banter '' is a word used by those who lose revolutionary wars, 
  was a joke , but you know what they say about polacks . 
  why are you speaking too me anyway ? 
  do n't you have a minimum wage , demeaning job to steal from a mexican ? 
  at least they did n't let that happen to their own citizens . 
  i thought it was generally accepted polands government is rather dysfunctional , but if not i 'll try to find some english articles . 
  because germany has extreme influence over all of europe and is consistently making all the right decisions that leads them to be ahead economically , a few million immigrants will not change this , and regardless of immigrants polands government has proven time and time again that they ca n't make right decisions . 
  and like you said , russia to the east , if russians elect a warhawk the entire region will be fucked , regardless of us help . 
  for some reason i still think germany will turn out better than poland . 
  ah yes , germans sit around and envy poland all day , i mean germany is better in every conceivable way but poland is anti muslim so their better, 
  just like real life . 
  all of europe when you fuvkers were screaming `` but america , you ca n't do that without un permission ! '', 
  russia is fighting the u.s. 
  in syria ? 
  i feel like i should have heard about this . 
  who cares how they react ? 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  a puppet is much easier to control when all the strings are attached . 
  and their worried about the muslims invading, 
  lol wat , i can get a cheaper apartment in america, 
  so you 're studying at the same time ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  to be living in a mansion ? 
  you do n't have faith in over 1b people ? 
  that 's quite a sad existence , my doctor is a muslim and i have faith in him . 
  germany fucking shit up ? 
  i have no sympathy for people that sign to the military . 
  what is a couple dead soldiers and a few billion dollars compared to the stability of a region and staunch ally in the middle east ? 
  no , it was n't a mistake , the mistake was blowing everything up then leaving the mess behind . 
  we should have stayed behind and aided a peaceful transition period and along with other countries that helped fight we should have build back up the infrastructure . 
  we could have taken out saddam and not allowed isis to gain power . 
  the iraq war was n't a mistake . 
  yes , they do n't teach us speculation and usually stick to actual facts that do n't try to reflect on our past decisions in a positive light . 
  ca n't say the same for germany can i ? 
  it says members of isis went to that camp , which is obvious considering the camp was for the higher ranking members of saddams regime , it is much more likely that these people who all worked together for years started isis completely independent from that camp . 
  i 'm not disagreeing that isis was a result of the iraq war ( though i 'm still glad we invaded ) i 'm disputing your claim that it originated in a camp . 
  lol wat , this logic is so shitty and uninformed it comes across as parody . 
  the reason these future isis leaders is because they were already high ranking in their organizations and all knew each other very well , it 's not as if isis would cease to exist if these guys did n't all go to the same camp . 
  and even if it did create isis through your extremely simplistic logic it still would n't be our fault for arresting the fucking people we are fighting . 
  are we supposed to keep everyone in solitary confinement just in case they might start an extremely successful jihadi militia ? 
  lol but again , crediting a camp as the creation of isis is so dumb i should n't have responded . 
   isis was created in an american pow camp . 
  is that what they teach you in germany ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  a lot of people forget we are still animals with animal instincts , even the most civilized man can be turned to kill a child . 
  a lot of westerners forget that entire people 's were being exterminated only 79 years ago in the most `` civilized '' parts of the world . 
  i do n't think it 's a bold leap to say the muslim will take the place of the jew as the scapegoat , every politician will blame all their countries problems on the `` muslim '' because why would n't you ? 
  it 's an easy way to do what you want as long as you can blame the muslim , and than once all a countries problems are a result of the muslim the next logical conclusion is to exterminate the problem .
