  because we are an extremely powerful nation with immense cultural / military / and economic influence over your country and continent and because you are largely regarded as our followers and u.s. . as the leader in international context . 
  that 's probably why . 
  more like men willing to fight for their freedom , need more of them in today 's society . 
  glad you 've turned around . 
  or maybe you actually are a brit with an inferiority complex . 
  odd that we 've managed to secure near global dominance and extreme influence without being successful at geo-politics . 
  i guess we just had a mr. bean esque stumble to the top . 
  or maybe you 're another brit with an inferiority complex . 
  i think plagiarizing to give his fellow citizens more rights and improve race relations gives him some moral leeway though . 
  the only thing on here that 's objectively bad is cheating and plagiarism , and plagiarism is n't even that serious . 
  lol at that weak shit for mlk , dude was a saint . 
  the closes to a perfected human . 
  no offense but your sarcasm is n't wrong , you guys are constantly fucking or getting fucked up . 
  simply pointing out americas race issues does n't mean you guys are n't more racist or xenophobic , it just means we have race issues . 
  and like i said you guys do n't have nearly the multicultural society or flux of immigrants we get every year . 
  when you guys deal with even 1 % of the problems we regularly deal with you all fucking panic , just because you guys turn away migrants and keep your society mostly white does n't mean you 're not racist , it just means you do n't have any problems to deal with . 
  you guys are handling this much worse than we handled the waves of mexicans , it was easy to handle race issues when there was just the one race by and large . 
  i would say the english and french are much more xenophobic and generally racist than americans , you are just recently dealing with the stress of grants and can no longer hold a high horse , he 'll the uk has n't even gotten that many and look how your country acts . 
  you guys are much worse than us . 
   feel free to respond but i 'll ignore it . 
  seems to be consistent with your people 's line of thinking . 
  yes and believe it or not most of the people running are people who oppose these draconic laws , there are many migrants who are stubborn but most people who seek refuge are good , honest , people who want a chance at a better life away from those draconian laws . 
  and yes even a lot of the good ones grew up in a very shitty culture and need some `` re-education '' so to speak to show them the ways of western values . 
  but what do we do instead ? 
  treat them as others who are only here to `` invade europe '' . 
  is their a clash between fundamental islam and progressiveness ? 
  of course , but just like christianity and judaism these can be overcome if westerners would give as much effort in showing them this superior way instead of writing them off as savages . 
  they are the same humans as us . 
  edit : also thanks for the compliment on the insult , i pride myself on it . 
  ah , there we go , if i do n't hate migrants i hate woman !, 
  you fucking got me , i ca n't wait until your grandkids are ashamed of their lineage and your family slowly erodes you from their history . 
  `` islam wants to conquer europe '' are you dumb ? 
  `` islam '' is a huge all encompassing major religion with billions of worshipper a with vastly different ideals and beliefs . 
  plus , the migrants are the ones running from the conquerors . 
  although i do n't even know why i 'm saying this , you will hate what you will hate and i 'm 50 years we will look back and say `` never again '' , then do it again to a different group . 
  edit : also lol at everyone in / r/europe up voting an american who regularly post to / r/european saying something so obviously dumb the klan would facepalm , thanks for proving that europe is n't some bastion of liberalism and liberty , it 's just another human shithole that had a good run when they faced zero problems . 
  fuck all of you . 
  it 's probably because france has said fuck you to its religious people for awhile . 
  and you 're all handling it the wrong way , just as americans do with blacks . 
  except you guys are worse , as if you are too good to help . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're subtlety hinting the muslims deserve a genocide more than the jews did , or that muslims actually deserve it this time . 
  now you 're being purposely obtuse . 
  an entire nationalist party centered around alienating a significant minority and is calling for increased policing and the taking away of rights is n't fascism ? 
  are you really this blind ? 
  and is n't front national also incompatible with western values ? 
  i just find it funny you people never learn from your mistakes , if the french vote nation front they deserved what happens to their country . 
  yes they are . 
  hell 90 % of their platform is increasing authority powers to combat the `` muslim threat '' . 
  it 's history repeating itself over and over , i guess europeans are just too stupid to realize it . 
  as long as it does n't happen to the same group it will keep happening . 
  many of their policies are perfectly aligned with fascism and are showcasing the same tendencies rising fascist parties usually have , like taking a `` other '' and using hate and fear to obtain votes . 
  even in america they would be far-right to the point of fascism . 
  i think most people are opposed to fascist parties and the authorities overwhelmingly supporting a fascist party would be very worrying . 
  yes it is, 
  the key is colonization, 
  what in the fuck are you talking about . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the people that emigrate to the u.s. are n't jesus freaks outside of the guys south of the border . 
  no offense but i do n't think these things matter too much to the actual state being recognized , what party is seen as the leader of the syria is down to personal politics . 
  what matters is all countries recognize their is a syria on the map, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's still universally recognized as a state , just war torn . 
  like syria, 
  this is just a scapegoat made by bigots to justify bigotry because `` racism '' carries a negative connotation . 
  so if it is n't about race it suddenly becomes ok to hate . 
  wait , is that what the cover is doing ? 
  taking credit for the american moon landing ? 
  i thought it was just saying they would eventually get there . 
  that 's absolutely infuriating , you 'd think a first world country would be above that . 
  that cover pisses me off . 
  this happened in denmark, 
  modern consription is backwards and barbaric , not to mention immoral . 
  it 's something you 'd expect from a 3rd world country , finland needs to change that shit . 
  i 'm confused by your comment , are you saying the u.s. is more responsible for all of south americas problems than all of their history combined ? 
  yes that explains all the police problems , they would be fine otherwise, 
  taking russia 's gas is immoral and shows that germany is out for one country and will backstab the rest of europe to succeed , this is why no one trust germany, 
  i hope your people are finally given their freedom , good luck . 
  germany, 
  ca n't discuss this here lol, 
  no , finland , the uk , and greece are . 
  and most of eastern europe , they 're all bigger laughing stocks . 
  finland for its weird people and odd relation to fairies , uk for its nanny state , greece for debts , and eastern europe for being eastern europe . 
  sweden is n't even the laughing stock of europe, 
  yes all europeans should realize you should n't generalize all europeans, 
  yes we do , that is 100 % our business, 
  their entire existence rest on the mercy of other nations . 
  except nasas spaceflight was n't founded on nazi scientist . 
  and even if it was that would n't mean anything , it was still nasa , financed by america that got to the moon . 
   i think america should let them in anyway . 
  we are responsible ( along with the arab spring , russia , and our euro allies ) for thrusting the instability onto the middle east but the place was already a powder keg waiting for shit to go down . 
  you ca n't have murderous dictators rule like they did for so long before something happens and insurgents emerge . 
  what is worse , instability or living under tyranny and an unjust ruler ? 
  the french of all people should know the answer to this . 
  and if the west has to suffer refugees i say we got off easy for allowing these atrocities and dictators to happen to the innocents of the me . 
  for allowing children to be ruled under the likes of saddam or assad . 
   without isis there would be no civil war in syria . 
  except for the fact that there are dozens of other rebel groups opposed to assad . 
  and excluding that fact assad being in power is n't a good thing anyway , he 's a murderous dictator with a bigger body count than isis . 
   why does n't america let them in ? 
  probably because we have high birth rates and already have an over abundance of illegal immigrants . 
  but that does n't matter because i think america should let them in anyway . 
  and source on america starting the war ?
