  i do n't think i am being bold in saying many human rights and ethics in europe will be thrown aside in the coming years . 
  it sound like he 'd advocating abolishing the welfare system in general . 
  if you 've browsed / r/europe in the past month it is too many migrants . 
  because pax americana and european peace since ww2 has given your people a false since of security . 
  regardless of if you are in nato or not your politicians will not go against us interest , or you will be fed to the russians . 
  finland wouldnt do shit against the us interest , your politicians know their place . 
  the problem with your list of negatives things is 1 . 
  you are looking at it with european values , you list lack of welfare as a negative when most americans would consider that a positive , same goes for hospital bills and college expenses . 
  when you judge a nation on your own personal politics and values you wo n't get very far . 
  a good chunk of your negatives are just phrases and political buzzwords , things that are not only non-exclusive to america , but things that you would have a very rough time finding not existing in any country . 
  homophobia , racism , and sexism are just generally negative quantitys you a used to make the us seem worse , when in reality every single country has these and tge us is better than most in this regard . 
  obesity and class divide is another , we might be leading the race with obesity but it 's not as if it 's a blowout , and class divide can clearly be seen just as much in other western countries as in america . 
  i 'll give you our ( violent crime ) is bad and our prison population is very bad but most if the other stuff you listed are simply world government and western problems , corruption , lobbying and bribery , government spying and wars since ww2 are all hallmarks of europe as well . 
  you say the us does n't look at other countries but i disagree , if a countrie manages to do something that matches our values we will do the same , but do n't expect the us to carbon copy wester . 
  europe to be just like you because that would be insane and your values are not our own . 
   the us is n't the best in the world in pretty much area . 
  that 's blatantly false , the us is the best in the world at many many things , that 's the natural conclusion of being an insanely rich country and being a large destination for brain drained immigrants . 
   and how can a country hope to improve itself . 
  by still thinking your country is shit , fir one reason or the other . 
  no one thinks america is perfect , and the be the best attitude means you want to be the best , this is why even though our national test scores are above average compared to the world we still see it as a grave insult that we are n't number 1 . 
  you can see similar behavior in the japanese . 
  the us is more like `` we are the best country in the world but we have to keep improving to maintain that '' or `` we are the best country in the world but this politician is trying to make us worse '' the `` we '' in your example does n't come across as self deprecating either . 
  just as a negative cunt . 
  there 's a bug difference, 
  ok , so you have the buzzwords and media view of the us but have you actually been to the us ? 
  have you actually talked to americans and sat through an american class , i mean surely you have because to do anything less and say our schools teach nationalism would be extreme arrogance and ignorance that i could n't comprehend . 
  also , you did n't explain why you went on a rant about us in a completely unrelated thread . 
  why did you just go on a rant about the us ? 
  are you trying to say nationalism is a bad thing and using us as an example ? 
  and are you even american ? 
  how do you know what our kids are encouraged to do ? 
  that 's not how the truth works , holoacaust denial is n't true just because it 's illegal in germany . 
  press statements in the us are always so fucking flowery . 
  lol the american is the bad one but the guy saying saddam was a good guy and all democracy 's is n't ? 
  other americans want that guy , we do n't want hypocritical people as yourself who shrug off all opposing opinions as propaganda . 
  are n't the iraqi officials relatively competent compared to previous history and surrounding countries . 
  you 've got ta be kidding me . 
  im sure the europeans dieing can understand . 
  are you one of those `` russia can do no wrong '' people ? 
  why is it ok for russia to use old fashioned methods but not the u.s. ? 
  no , jews are on their shit list but they consider them on the same level as the `` wrong '' types of islam and they 've sworn to take israel too . 
  yeah it 's not like russia is n't in the fucking process of invading europe right now , not hostile at all . 
  the greatest human being of all time . 
  you honestly think the u.s. government is gon na give a shit ? 
  if anything we would love if you just started gunning them down so we could have a reason for increased presence . 
  no , we do a good job of integrating our people . 
  i think we 're using immigrate in a different sense , and blacks are already americans , they 've got nothing to do with integration . 
  but we actually integrate our immigrants into americans . 
  maybe we can criticize both ? 
  no , if they break a law put them in a highly guarded camp ( this is so they do n't just try to break back in ) but do n't let all suffer because you ca n't handle a few troublemakers . 
  and it 's more like humanities interest  your interest . 
  you should n't do something insanely immoral because it 's in your interest , in that case we should just nuke the me because it 's in our interest . 
  i 'm sure you have the emotions and decision process of refugees down to a t. and i 'm sure these 100 's of thousands of people who have lost their homes , family , and entire lives all have the collective thought of `` let 's go fuck up europe '' you realize these people have nothing right ? 
  why would they want to stay in a poor eastern european country only to be delegated back to their shithole within a few months , their is a reason they do n't want to be in the border countries , they are intelligent and know they 'll be back to square 1 , and a man with a family can not allow that . 
  and he must do whatever it takes to not allow that . 
  but i am not judging a man who has clearly lost all dignity and still trying to help his family . 
  i am not calling desperate victims `` benefit shopping '' you all make me sick to my stomach . 
  it is nice to judge from afar . 
  i hope this happens to your family . 
  it 's not that we did n't do anything wrong , it 's that we do n't have to help and there 's nothing you can do a about it . 
  not everyone can fit in turkey and they are still refugees . 
  why do the european right act like rats about everything ? 
  you throw your agenda into everything , even when it does n't make sense or is n't wanted . 
  at least the american right just says `` fuck you , no immigrants '' . 
  you are all conniving and sneaky about everything , a lot like the rat . 
  then why have you commented repeatedly on the immigrant aspect ? 
  god i hate fucking rats, 
  and made him apologize for it . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  this gets posted like 2 times a week, 
  this is n't relevant at all to what we 're talking about , i 'm talking about immigration and secondarily illegals . 
  not black people . 
  it displays the blatant hypocrisy prevalent in europe ,, 
  whatever you got ta tell yourself, 
  they have a field day if someone date says yurop is n't the greatest place of all time . 
  man your responses are doing a good job at showing why `` european values '' are more barbaric than the refugees that are n't adopting them . 
  what is with this british attitude of blaming their shitty tourist on every other country ? 
  the arrogance is blinding . 
  yourselves, 
  you 're welcome, 
  aftsr all this brainwashing i still have a such a dirty mind . 
  no , you 're all coming down with me . 
  i did n't realize i had so much influence on foreign opinion . 
  america has n't been any many wars , officially . 
   thank you for your service you 're welcome, 
  you ca n't thank them , like the ussr , they died . 
  you 're welcome, 
  no , i 'm the last survivor of ww2 , ama, 
  yeah , you 'll just be killing the minorities together . 
  i 'm not doing stereotypes , i 'm just saying do n't go all bloodlust , my grandparents did n't bitch slap europeans in 44 for me too have to do it in 15, 
  do n't get uppity again europe , than we have to save you again and hear you whining that we joined your war too late . 
  but war of aggression is n't inherently bad . 
  ok , i 'll accept that you 're wrong . 
  i 'm an american , anything less than sucking my cock is an insult . 
  no , i enjoyed arguing about stupid shit but the sub has gotten way too serious and it actually makes me angry seeing people say all americans are sociopaths , jingoistic , etc etc. 
  so i would n't be able to go back unless i was calling everyone a cunt all the time . 
  whatever you say buddy . 
  go be in xenophobes and bigot in / r/shitamericanssay, 
  whatever you say buddy , unlike your fellow europeans im not ranting about preserving the white race . 
  and i spend all my time arguing against racist but i 'm racist because ... ?
