  i guess germans do n't value human rights . 
  as an american they 're a little late . 
  i 'm well aware , sweden is a capitalist country though . 
  no , sweden is by definition not a socialist country . 
  sweden is a capitalist country , there is no debating that . 
  it is an outright fact . 
   what 's considered rightist in scandinavian countries is considered outright commie in the u.s. no , that 's not true at all . 
  that 's more a meme than a fact . 
  and whatever ones personal view of socialism is it does n't make any western country socialist , unless your view of socialism is exactly like capitalism . 
  it does not make sweden a socialist country , if bernie sanders is elected president will america suddenly be considered socialist ? 
  no , that is not socialism at all . 
  all those countries are considered capitalist by pretty much everyone including themselves . 
  just because you arent 100 % capitalist does n't mean you are a socialist nation . 
  at most it is capitalism with ideas from socialism , but it is far from actual socialism . 
  by your logic almost every western country in the world is socialist , which is n't true at all . 
  you are completely fabricating things . 
  wat , none of them are . 
  they are all capitalist . 
  well , like america , and britain , australia , canada , germany , france , sweden , norway , switzerland . 
  pretty much all the successful , prosperous countries in the history of the world . 
   the most warlike nation on earth . 
  lol, 
  i 'm gon na stick to the system that has set up the most peaceful and prosperous countries in the world , you keep your socialism . 
  luckily my fellow americans agree with me . 
  socialism makes zero sense to anyone with common sense and a basic understanding of history . 
  again , enjoy your capitalism . 
  which is why every country that implements it is a shithole ? 
  enjoy your capitalist lifestyle . 
  not sure what this has to do with what i 've been saying , but it seems like the daily mail needs to learn a little banter . 
  lmao , you make judgements on people based on national stereotypes ? 
  how old are you ? 
  do you also think all frenchman are cowards and all indians are rapist ? 
  this is just pathetic and sad . 
  i 'm going off large generalizations as are you . 
  every person you cross in the street will have a different view of japan , in just talking about what seems like the consensus . 
  i disagree , you might respect their technology but you ( generally ) see yourself as a superior country . 
  and at the end of the day you would still say japan needs to be more like western europe . 
  it 's in the same way americans respect german ingenuity , we think it 's great but we still see ourselves as better . 
  it 's more than towards americans , that 's just insane to assume . 
  it 's towards everyone that 's not western european . 
  americans are just as arrogant ( well you guys are slightly more arrogant than us ) back so it 's kind of a pissing contest . 
  but make no doubt , you guys are arrogant towards everyone . 
  but i 'm glad you think the u.s. can be summed up with `` the people are shit '' random bigot on the internet . 
  i quod disagree . 
  none of the countries you listed would western europeans admit are better than them , especially japan . 
  the swiss are constantly ridiculed by their fellow europeans for their different policies and for remaining neutral . 
  and i 've never heard someone envy iceland . 
  the only one that i 've seen western europeans admit might be better is canada but it 's almost always followed by a `` because they 're pretty much european anyway '' . 
  it 's a common thing for western europeans to determine the worth of something by how european it is . 
  and like i said to the other guy , you do n't actually despise nationalism , you just hate the word . 
  many western europeans are extremely nationalistic . 
  and you do n't despise your nearest neighbors because they have formed more closely value wise and have become very similar . 
   i think it 's mostly rooted in our attachment to values such as social justice , privacy , and safety . 
  again , you prove my point , you see your `` values '' ( which just sound like nice sounding buzzwords to me ) as superior to others . 
  you run on the ideas that everything you do is a result of these values therefore you are superior , because all those things are good things right ? 
  almost every country has had these core `` values '' , you just assume you are unique in this . 
  but you are not . 
  i do n't find what you said true at all , most western european countries tend to have an overall view that the way they do things is superior . 
  being nationalistic is n't looked down upon , just the word is . 
   france 's favorite hobby is complaining about france . 
  you could replace both instances of france with any country and it would be true , the real test is when a foreigner insults your country or complains about it . 
  and i think we are better at dealing with that then france . 
  of course , you feel differently . 
  and an englishman would too . 
  i disagree again , the only thing you think are positive in those countries are the things that are similar with western europe . 
  anything different about those countries and you say it is wrong and should be more similar to europe . 
  america just has a lot of policies that are different than western europe so you see it as `` sucking '' . 
   we think that the u.s. sucks though . 
  think you for proving my point , an average american would n't say that about a different country because it is different . 
  like i said , our arrogance is very different , and yours is much more rooted in nationalism and jingoism then ours . 
  one tried to tell me eastern europeans actually liked being ruled under socialism and the ussr and the other pretended to be a capitalist to say that he is being swayed to being a socialist by the first guys arguments . 
  this is how socialist behave , and it 's frightening . 
  / u/gangstacompgod . 
  / u/uberferrari now you see what you support , you are worse than the kkk telling blacks slavery was actually good for them . 
  you are scum and should be ashamed of yourselves . 
  you are genocide deniers . 
  no , stalin is pretty much seen in the same light as hitler . 
  you seem to be forgetting that americans are n't fans of russians , we almost annihilated each other a few times . 
  well it 's pretty much a stable of the west to have extreme arrogance and hypocrisy no matter what continent . 
  but i do thing our respected arrogance are a little different . 
  usually when we say we are the best we are n't saying everywhere else sucks , far from it . 
  we just think of all the great countries we are the best . 
  with western european countries it seems to be `` we are the best and everywhere else is dogshit '' . 
  it 's why you 'll rarely fine a western european say something like `` what they do is fine but i like the way we do it more '' . 
  it 's always more like `` what they do is terrible , why are n't they doing it like us ? '', 
  i think america is more like the former and western europe is more like the latter . 
  it 's hard to explain the difference but i hope you know what i mean . 
  it 's worked well enough for us . 
  oddly enough as crazy as our politicians can be none of them have turned out to be pedophiles , i suppose the repubs or democrats would make sure anyone that ran under their banner would n't have something like that . 
  i 'm , i doubt bush would risk ww3 because of his personal feelings about gay people , especially in an irrelevant country . 
  i doubt gw cares about gays at all really . 
  the reptilian thing is british , and new earth creationism is n't a conspiracy it 's a religion . 
  our conspiracies are jfk being killed by the cia and 9/11 being an inside job . 
  i 've never heard the kill part, 
  i meant # 1 in the sense of our prison system , those other things are objectively true . 
  `` if you do n't agree with me you support terrorism '' - george bush, 
  who said we are number 1 ? 
  the only one doing that are the europeans . 
  stop projecting.and we try different methods all the time , it even says so in the article . 
  we are a much different place then western europe and believe it or not western europe is not automatically right everytime .
