  do you actually know that or just assume the u.s. is responsible for every conflict in the middle east ? 
  also sweden is n't innocent , they are the second largest arms dealer to the me , they rely more on conflict than the u.s. 
  does . 
  bad for humanity, 
  heh i get it, 
  so western europe is worse than america and eastern europe, 
  i 'm pretty sure the baltics are statistically not as vaccinated as the u.s. , so it is actually worse there . 
   for one reason or another . 
  the reason is mass media scaremongering . 
  no , but they are allowed to wear crosses and do not have to hide such a vital part of their identity . 
  french values are wrong , discriminating is never good , and people should be able to express themselves , it 's the state telling you what to wear for fucks sake , that 's dystopian, 
  stop being an uncle tom and apologizing for shit you did n't do . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  that 's the attitude of a global superpower , always has been always will be . 
  sure but it is n't like finland does n't have power because they are moral, 
  if you do n't want to be bothered have the ability to do something about it , otherwise nations wo n't care . 
  i 'm trying really hard to give a fuck what some muslim from an irrelevant country across the world thinks about my nationality , maybe you just should n't be offended by the truth . 
  you 're only small and peaceful because you have no power , not because you are moral . 
  and having no power means you have to deal with the repercussions of powerful nations actions , if you do n't want to , obtain power . 
  politics 101, 
  except americans do n't blame anything on putin , even shit he actually did . 
  we blame obama and the french, 
  it 's my favorite site right after tumblr and democracy now, 
  i 've seen similar talking points on stormfront , they do n't say `` mooslims r bad '' they make it seem like their compassionate about another race to excuse their opinions on a certain race . 
  but regardless of that jews have no need to be insecure or alienated , muslims do . 
  jews are seen positively through mainstream society and hold significant political power , not to mention all of europes continuous guilt trip toward them , meanwhile the muslims are mostly poor , uneducated , with little to no family or contacts and in a nation that hates them , while a party that is openly intolerant toward them gain votes . 
  the only real reason people are bringing in the jews is because anything that opposes the jews = bad and there 's a strong not so subtle - comparison between muslims and the nazis . 
  how the fuck could france protect all jews short of taking away muslim human and civil rights and monitoring all communications ? 
  your stormfront propaganda going for the heartstrings angle though is a nice touch , i bet all sorts of dumb people fall for it . 
  would n't want to turn magnificent poland into a shithole lmao, 
  the more you push against us influence the more it grows , when people see the standard of living between usa and its allies , russia and its allies , and china and its allies guess what they will strive for ? 
  the usa does n't have to do anything but let china and russia fuck up, 
  i think they call it different cultures . 
  that 's what i meant , most countries in europe targeted innocents and civilians . 
  and that 's a lot of people to execute . 
  at least most of europe did . 
  brits always bring the top bantz and self mocking humor , everyone knows that . 
  all of europe would have been behind bars by your logic, 
  or europe , cough churchill , bizmark , da gaulle cough, 
  that does n't look like the hand of capitalism, 
  yes us americans are well known for being against christianity . 
  you want them to lie ? 
  they 're gon na paint cool sharks on them this time, 
  to be fair who actually wants to casually drink alchohol ? 
  well , other than beer . 
  is this satire ? 
  the u.s. has 8/10 top universities in the world , our education is top 25 , better swedens and other euro countries . 
  we still have the most homegrown nobel winners in the world , and most homegrown scientist , all while maintaining the largest military . 
  brits have such an inferiority complex it 's baffling . 
  i 'm pretty sure being anorexic is more dangerous than being obese , while being obese is too much for your body and affects your physical exercise being anorexic is way too little for your body to a very dangerous degree . 
  do people actually want to visit norway , denmark , or sweden ? 
  what exactly do you do there for fun ? 
  but you are n't really looking at the reality , just the description of it . 
   i feel like a lot of americans do n't know that western europeans like to turn their head away from the graphic reality of the world outside their bubble ftfy, 
  ungrateful for what ? 
  no i 'd rather they stay there , i like watching europeans squirm when confronted with actual problems that they criticize everyone else for squirming at . 
  it 's simple , europeans spend their time in america complaining and criticizing , middle easterners become ubermericans , they appreciate what they have and work hard to stay , they are always giving 200 % while the european gives 25 % and complains that he ca n't give 20, 
  i 'd rather take in people from the middle east than most of europe . 
  i do n't think that 's really true except maybe in the nordics which are to the left of every other country in the world . 
  so you 're saying he would n't be right wing, 
  obama is pro gun control , pro immigration ( more so than a lot of europes left ) pro drug legalization , and pro taxes on the rich , and pro national healthcare . 
  these are considered right wing positions in france ? 
  if he wins against hilary he will literally represent the democrat party, 
  you 're saying burnie sanders is considered right wing in your country ? 
  do n't be stupid, 
  and you 've never seen a boob ? 
  you realize oversexualixation on american television is considered a creative problem right now right ? 
  you are fine with innocent people being terrorized ? 
  i would consider that worse than isis , and you a less moral person . 
  yeah we really should n't extradite to ireland anymore , their prisons are like zoos i 've heard . 
  why u mad ? 
  do you have any experience that this happens or are just making it up ? 
  literally no minority i have ever met thinks like this . 
  you 're a white american i 'm assuming ? 
  yes they are . 
  when have n't they been ? 
  haha ? 
  blacks make up to 15-16 % of our population and hispanics make up to 13 % . 
  those would both count as significant minorities . 
  it 's pretty clear / u/ozgun _ taman is trying to excuse blame from his own countries shitty politics and political meetings . 
  america has a significant minority ( a few tbh ) and our meetings are respectful . 
  baghdad should have been first, 
  stop excusing mass murder of innocents and dictatorships, 
  i 'm 100 % red blood, 
  not make fun of iceland ? 
  their an irrelevant backwards shithole, 
  because not having a strong military and relying on another country to protect you is gon na have its pitfalls, 
  there 's a reason a guy in sweden is seeing those articles , because everyone in america is flipping the fuck out about it . 
  yeah not wanting russia to further fuck up syria makes me a troll , my b, 
  but isis is defined by its extreme treatment of other religions and its practitioners so you would be comparable to isis to ban a certain religion . 
  what i described is nothing like iraq , i 'm suggesting we turn syria into a territory or colony and rebuild its infrastructure and impose education . 
  what russia wants to do is what we did in iraq , which is prop up a leader for geopolitical power . 
  russia is the most incompetent power in the world , they can literally do nothing but fuck syria up . 
  and regardless of that the people of syria will never be peaceful until assad and his entire government is wiped out . 
  it 's either going to be what i propose or syria remains an russian ally in a perpetual state of war . 
  tell russia to get with the program or fuck off . 
  take out isis , take out assad , make syria an western colony until there shit is in order, 
  good job propping up assad, 
  um , yes our most popular shows make jokes about it all the time . 
  censorship does n't stop any of that , it only stop cuss words and nudity,
