  the things you just described are the opposite of simple minded views , and you point seems to say that you are for allowing muslim immigration . 
  i never said you were ... that 's just what i always hear about the english . 
  why are serbians always so obsessed with americans ? 
  are you still angry we put in end to your genocide ? 
  that sounds more like english stereotype . 
  i do n't worry about that when i criticize muslims , hell in america many americans wish to turn the islamic world into glass and no one gets hurt . 
  saying you would get sued in the u.s. for sexist jokes is like saying birmingham has no go zones . 
  technically americans know about history more than the polish . 
  but i really do n't see how i proved americans do t know about history either way , seems you made that up . 
  i just confirmed that america thinks poland were responsible for death camps ? 
  that polish education system at work ... 
  and you have no idea what 's going on in america as we do n't give much of a shit about poland and we pretty much consider everything that happened in europe to be the fault of germany , we do n't even acknowledge italy 's part . 
  i do n't believe it is , hell a quarter of europe still believes the sun revolves around the earth , and if you mean specifically the death camps we almost all believe germany was the perputater , hence the german death camp jokes , i 've never seen an american think it was the polish . 
  we just see the polish as laborers ala mexicans , if any country believes it was the polish it would be germany . 
  you e never seen europeans twist basic facts even the poor ones ? 
  only americans ? 
  jesus i knew this sub was kinda / r/yurop but jesus , you are deluded . 
  and what do americans have to do with this at all ? 
  and you realize america has better education scores than poland right ? 
  your nationalism is getting in the way of facts . 
  would you say the war in iraq is n't americas fault because we are a democrat government now . 
  i 'm not sure i like the implication of what you just said but i might be reading it wrong . 
  can we just point out 1 thing 1 citizen said ? 
  i can do that for every country including poland . 
  would n't want any inferior blood in glorious europe / s. 
  agreed, 
  yes i agree if you 're in another country but if someone approaches me for conversation i ca n't simply learn an entire language on the spot , and i 'm not going to spend much time learning a new language if i 'm just going to paris for a week , although i agree you should learn the very basics at least . 
  i 'm not your dawg cuz, 
  obviously you do n't live near the south , if i spend an hour outside i will talk to at least 1 person who does n't speak a word of english , and many mexican workers speak zero english , and i 'm not even that far to the south . 
  it 's not just american , any english speaking person will assume that the other person at least speaks basic english , be the person from the uk , oz , canada or america , we 're so use to not needing another language that another one has become simply unnecessary . 
  it 's to show that the euros rely on us , realpolitik style . 
  who says the friendliness is artificial ? 
  would you reccomend ? 
  i 'm going backpacking with a friend and ca n't choose between asia or europe, 
  if you think any american is gon na say he 's from canada then you do n't know any americans . 
  southern drawls are much cooler than english accents , i ca n't even take english people seriously when i hear there voice . 
  do n't be retarded , the south is a great place to live , just because it does n't have the same values as you does n't make it an objectively bad place . 
  are you saying woman have the same intelligence of children ? 
  yeah , this kind of thinking from euros really wants us to stop helping them , i 'd give them 5 years before shut hit the fan again , europe is like a bunch of toddlers who have to be restrained and hate their dad for restraining them . 
  it last because of the u.s. 
  if the u.s. 
  did n't exist there would have been plenty of wars in your country , you think it just happened to stop when the u.s. 
  came into power ? 
  if you were middle eastern or south american i would understand wishing for no u.s. , but you are european and have benefitted the most from our existence , you are just too naive to know it . 
  pax americana . 
  who really cares ? 
  germany brings less to nato than any other country , i 'm tired of there bitching about free security . 
  it comes from selfishness . 
  we have better music and movies , want to listen to hip hop , soul , jazz , blues ? 
  lmao wat , i hug complete strangers all the time . 
  what would you guys watch or listen to or do ? 
  you 'd just stare at a brick wall or start another world war . 
  no need for that sarcasm tag, 
  the problem is if obama tryed this he 'd be shot 10 times by the time he entered the airport . 
  i think we 're talking about single countries . 
  jealous ? 
  the u.s. would do fine without expanding our power , we would do better really . 
  then you will be second to america . 
  what was ignorant about the reaction ? 
  the country was split 50/50 so i do n't know what you mean . 
  as an american i feel your pain . 
  you 've never heard of russians or brazilians . 
  or english pre-teens . 
  it 's really not that hard to believe in a city like london . 
  it 's the only way to react to racism . 
  yes but that was my family , not all americans . 
  if an average american heard you say that they 'd beat the shit out of you . 
  umm no , please do n't call fellow americans as racist as you . 
  isis is successfully radicalizing people , not the muslims but people like you . 
  yeah , as an american who grew up with very racist family this brings back a lot of memory 's . 
  there are more gypsys in america than there are in the uk ... you just mistake our lack of racism as not knowing them . 
  you ca n't have a `` bunch of dicttators '' learn proper english . 
  than you have proven yourself wrong as modern euro culture took over older euro culture , mostly based on the reasoning that older culture was seen as dated . 
  how in the duck could qatar outspend the u.s. 
  in anything ? 
  americans in general are much more open minded about foreigners than your average european . 
  would you say modern europe is more violent and less progressive than early 1900 's europe ? 
  that 's a very naive view of land , it comes off as satire . 
  what does he mean ? 
  if europe becomes less white and more minority then they will simply become the majority , if america becomes majority hispanic what happens ? 
  nothing , we just become a darker shade . 
  you 've spent an enormous time clarifying and trying to explain that europe is a continent made up of different nations , which seems to suggest you have no semblance of context or common sense . 
  when i refer to `` europe '' i am referring to each country inside of europe , as i do n't feel like typing out every single country in europe i will continue to do this , i thought it was obvious but apps fly i am wrong . 
  and i am aware that many different , conflicting decisions by different countries will make any problem that much harder than 2 political parties debating it but that only further proves what i said , you are an inept continent . 
  each countries decision indirectly or directly affects another country and without any strong union even the smallest problem will be incredibly hard to manage , and that is why you are inept . 
  but that does not make the rejection of refugees any less moral . 
  every country rejecting the refugees simply would n't have happened , if you had all accepted a certain amount and spread funds to where they need to be this could have all gone smoothly . 
  but you did n't , you fractured and now it 's blown up into a big mess , because you are all inept . 
  and this ineptness will prove itself in the years to come , wait until something bad actually happens . 
  and i am aware of the general workmanship and cultural conformity that hispanics have done while living here . 
  but that is n't because hispanics are naturally more prone to conform , it is because america is better at conforming , each european nation is terrible at conforming immigrants , our poor muslims conform better , our south americans , our africans . 
  they all give in to american culture , europe by and large can not do this . 
  and yes , i 'm aware the refugees are different and it is a different situation , but it 's not vast enough that you guys should be this inept at it . 
  i know exactly what it is about , still people should n't have to suffer through a warzone because they were born in the wrong place , we are supposed to be moral but we allow them to suffer , at least there are good people in the germans , swedes , and turks . 
  it makes me ashamed to call myself america when a country like turkey let 's in more than us . 
  i 'm not being an xenophobe , americans who oppose immigration also are huge ducking hypocrotes , to be a nation of immigrants and oppose it ... disgusting . 
  i do n't hate poles and if they were having a conflict is fully support letting you in , just as you came in ww2 . 
  i have n't personally funded anything , though i 'd have no problem sending money to people fighting for their freedom , it 'd be hypocritical not too . 
  everything i said is completely true, 
  well let 's hope not , than you 'll probably slaughter his whole family .
