  not really , were still leader in foreign aid, 
  people in the u.s. are definitely aware, 
  `` just send them back '' is an objectively immoral statement . 
  there 's no arguing that . 
  i 'm not as immoral as you because i point that out . 
  point it out for me, 
  i think most humans have human morals . 
  quite the setback . 
  i 'm talking about in general not just ww2, 
  except the option is soldiers or no one , france is n't a no go zone . 
  shock comedy is rarely funny unless done right - see early louis ck, 
  you 're so full of bullshit i want to throw up , soldiers on the street is nothing more than the government wanting soldiers outside windows . 
  it 's because we have heavy incentives including making whoever comes here a very rich man , and we are more willing to fund even the flimsiest of ideas for their potential . 
  include that with our ghengis khan approach to defeated enemies ( ex . 
  instead of executing von braun we converted him ) and you get a large gravity pull of scientist . 
  you 're thinking of hollywood ( and other parts of la ) but for most of california there more naturally beautiful than should be allowed . 
  the kind of woman who have to use tinder are going to be on the uglier spectrum , and there is no area in eastern europe more attractive than california . 
  scandinavians and eastern europeans like to repeat the sterotype constantly . 
  look up the `` new york times '', 
  destabilization was the goal, 
  you realize hitler invaded poland less than 100 years ago right ? 
  iraq is n't even in the top 200 bad de idioms in the past 100 years , we won the war ffs, 
  starting on the biggest nation seems counter productive, 
  so does this work for all decisions your state makes or do we only influence the bad , conservative ones ? 
  and do you have any proof we are pressuring germany to not legalize drugs whilst legalizing them ourselves ? 
  what does america have to do with this ? 
  we are more legalized than germany so what are you talking about ? 
  did you even read the title of the article ? 
  poland is protecting a child rapist , there is no other opinion here . 
  i 'm not surprised when someone flees any prison , but his own ambitions have little to do with this , it 's the countries that protect child rapist that are the problem . 
  for raping someone ? 
  yes ? 
  lol no that 's not really true, 
  you kinda are, 
  `` turkey '' `` suspects '', 
  lol yep , boycott the most liberal , progressive nation in that entire region and not the human rights atrocities that surround it . 
  i have no bias against muslims but the way western liberals break their back for them is hypocritical at best . 
  you can always count on ukrainians to keep things in perspective , eastern europeans have a short memory of history it seems . 
  that 's only the stuff your people want to listen to , you can only blame your own countries shitty taste of american music . 
  just be glad we have n't let russia take you away in the night , you swedes have grown arrogant under u.s. protection . 
  yeah sports is at least 50 % of people 's decision , and i assume a large chunk is the inability to use the internet outside of facebook and twitter . 
  sure that 's what asylum means , but i 'm talking what would be best and optimal for those countries which will also prevent an immigration wave , telling people who 've lived there from 5 to 18 ( which is probably what the process would take ) to pack there things and relocate to a foreign country ( to them ) will only help restart the cycle . 
  edit : although i do think giving them western education and training ( medicine , engineering , etc. ), 
  for the express purpose of returning them to help their country would be a great idea . 
  but although you instill this idea in their head from birth it should ultimately be their choice . 
  my opinion is that western nations should harbor woman and children , take all men without children and train them , along with native forces and control heavily terrorized , dangerous countries , rebuild infrastructure , set up a democratic republic , and pay for their schooling until they become self sufficient . 
  then move all willing refugees back . 
  edit : any combat available woman as well , woman helping take the country would be vital for its future progressiveness, 
  africa 's not a country fella, 
  that 's a pretty big understatement for the africans situation , sounds like something i 'd say to a child when his milk spills , not people who live in a impoverished , disease infested country . 
  that about sums them up, 
  yeah watching tv on basic cable can be very frustrating , which is why hbo and things like netflix are so big here . 
  one day the cable leaders will learn that people are n't going to watch commercials if they do n't have too , capitalism has its advantages . 
  yeah eastern europe has very good prices for cable , but no offense by this do you guys get us tv ? 
  i 'm assuming our tv has a lot more quality . 
  northeast near dc, 
  i do n't think that 's true , while most college aged kids just stream off xbox or something anyone that is fairly financially ok has cable or satellite . 
  though i personally agree it 's really not worth it anymore . 
  no , a lot of brits still adamentally believe there humor is superior to in the world and only they can understand such wit, 
  yeah i did n't lol , they were on the frontier . 
  i 'm just citing european countries specifically, 
  i was referring to nazi germany 's and did my math wrong lol, 
  the following countries sent soldiers to afghanistan and declared it a just war to its citizens . 
  norway , denmark , sweden , uk , france , germany , poland , lithuania , ukraine , luxembourg , spain , latvia , portugal , hungary , and a few more . 
  and i am referring to the genocides and wars in eastern europe , specifically serbia ( who still denies it happened ) that america had to intervene in . 
  i honestly do n't see how you can think europe is so innocent . 
  and i 'm not sure what your last sentence means . 
  um , you realize over half of europe joined the u.s. 
  in afghanistan right ? 
  so obviously that does work , among other things many european countries directly arm terrorist organizations and still bomb foreign countries , less than 2 decades ago america had to intervene to stop a genicide in europe , only 2 decades after we stopped a european country from attempting genocide and global war . 
  you really have a rosary view of europe that is n't true , you 're no different than redneck americans who say america is the greatest country in the world . 
  europe is just as bad , and in many cases worse than america , you just do not have as much power . 
  except europe does the same things and stands for the same things . 
  stop acting so innocent , to most of the world europe is in the same boat as usa, 
  cheney is the government , and the cia is the government , the u.s. government is blamed for most of the worlds problems so i do n't even know what you 're talking about . 
  lol farther down you said , `` the americans are enemies of europe '' do n't bother responding, 
  how would that be pathetic for us to not waste our tax dollars over there ? 
  is it also pathetic your country is n't there ? 
  so it 's shit ? 
  north america competes in best cities but europe probably takes the cake . 
  except the eu would never be as brazen to force uk to stay , especially with uk 's anglophone buddies, 
  so by that logic american fundamentalist christians are actually following british culture, 
  apparently this backwards view is n't just america , it 's swedish , the second biggest swedish religion, 
  i 'm not talking about dumb skinheads , in talking about dick cheney / vlad putin types that always seem to spring up when people are scared and misinformed, 
  some decent examples would be vlad putin , adolph hitler , george bush , mussolini , and for more modern , less extreme examples harper very much devalued the canadian dollie and abbot fucked up australia 's economy , both of whom ran at least partly on their resistance to immigration . 
   you 're describing islamist . 
  exactly , the extreme right wing and extreme muslims often hold the same values . 
  you would n't want your country run by those values would you ? 
  they are ( usually ) restrictive of freedoms , lead the economy downwards , oppressive of minorities and the poor , and very warlike . 
  and the modern extreme right wing generally do n't care about their people or the country , only power and control . 
  not all right wings but the more extreme ones like golden dawn and the german one that is rising that i ca n't remember the name of . 
  i 'm talking about the right wing in power that can make laws , not the uneducated minority . 
  europeans are stupid if they do n't know that the people they should truly fear are the extreme right wing . 
  edit : i 'm talking about native right wing , not foreign right wing . 
  but no one is saying americans do n't hate their current system , as a matter of fact we hate it by a vast majority . 
  and the chinese have an even worse system than us . 
  if a guy has a swastika on his chest and has recently typed `` i 'm gon na fuck up a muslim '' than you can certainly know that it was racially motivated when he fucks up a muslim . 
  they are usually in the same bowl . 
  but if they had ties to isis we can assume that an attack on a majority white school would definitely be a racist or religious attack , regardless of their official description . 
  and if not isis than other radical muslims .
